Camels eat plants.
Camels eat thorny plants.
Camels eat woody plants.
Camels exhibit behaviour.
Camels exhibit unusual tolerance for dehydration.
Camels exist only in the domesticated state in Africa and Asia.
Camels feed on vegetation, including shrubs and grasses.
Camels figure in a startling case of cultural reversal.
Camels give birth to offspring.
Camels graze around the cosmonaut mosaic that marks the entrance to the town.
Camels graze on steppes.
Camels has-part feet.
Camels has-part legs.
Camels has-part muscles.
Camels has-part stomachs.
Camels haul cartloads of wood and shepard boys tend their herds.
Camels have (part) brains.
Camels have (part) breasts.
Camels have (part) cannon bones.
Camels have (part) cell membranes.
Camels have (part) cells.
Camels have (part) chest cavities.
Camels have (part) chests.
Camels have (part) corpi.
Camels have (part) cytoplasm.
Camels have (part) ears.
Camels have (part) faces.
Camels have (part) heads.
Camels have (part) hip sockets.
Camels have (part) hoofs.
Camels have (part) nuclei.
Camels have (part) piluses.
Camels have (part) plasma membranes.
Camels have (part) rib cages.
Camels have (part) sections.
Camels have (part) skulls.
Camels have (part) sterna.
Camels have (part) vacuoles.
Camels have a different way of dealing with the unforgiving heat and lack of water in the desert.
Camels have a hard time with very steep places.
Camels have a multisectioned, ruminating stomach.
Camels have a very high requirement for salt.
Camels have a way of going whichever way they want.
Camels have ability.
Camels have an ambling gait, simultaneously bringing up both legs on the same side.
Camels have an extra set of eyelids which help to keep the sand out of their eyes.
Camels have an extremely good sense of smell and keen vision.
Camels have behavioral, structural and physiological adaptaions that conserve water.
Camels have big feet for a very good reason.
Camels have broad, flat, leathery pads with two toes on each foot.
Camels have bumps over their eyes that act as built-in sun visors to help keep out bright sunlight.
Camels have bushy eyebrows and two rows of eyelashes to keep the sand out of their eyes.
Camels have calluslike bare spots on their chests and on their leg joints.
Camels have exceptionally good eyesight and sense of smell.
Camels have eyes.
Camels have feet.
Camels have fur.
Camels have hairy eyelashes, ears and nostrils to keep out the sand.
Camels have hump humps.
Camels have humps.
Camels have legs.
Camels have long eyelashes and thick eyebrows affording protection from foreign matter.
Camels have long, strong legs.
Camels have many adaptations for their desert habitats.
Camels have milk teeth.
Camels have mouths.
Camels have oval shaped red blood cells which helps keep blood flowing in dehydrated states.
Camels have oval shapes.
Camels have pads on their feet to help it walk on the sand.
Camels have part of the East African culture for centuries.
Camels have shapes.
Camels have skin.
Camels have small hairy rounded ears which are teddy bear like in appearance.
Camels have stomachs.
Camels have teeth.
Camels have the reputation of being bad tempered and stubborn creatures who spit and kick.
Camels have the reputation of being bad-tempered and obstinate creatures who spit and kick.
Camels have thick fur.
Camels have thick leathery lips so they can eat prickly desert plants.
Camels have thick lips so they can eat the prickly desert plants with out being injured.
Camels have three eyelids to protect themselves from blowing sand.
Camels have three sets of eyelids.
Camels have three stomachs.
Camels have tough feet so that they can endure the scorching desert sands.
Camels have two rows of thick eyelashes to protect their eyes from the desert dust.
Camels have two toes on each foot.
Camels have ways to keep from sweating too much.
Camels hear something.
Camels hear sound.
Camels inhabit regions.
Camels inhabit territory.
Camels like to stay together in groups called herds.
Camels literally can survive on plant wastes, like an old twig basket or a mat.
Camels live for several years.
Camels live for years.
Camels live in Africa and Asia.
Camels live in arid areas.
Camels live in climates.
Camels live in desert, where it is hot and dry.
Camels live in deserts , where it is hot and dry .
Camels live in deserts of Africa and Asia.
Camels live in deserts that are hot and dry during the day, but cold at night.
Camels live in deserts, where it is hot and dry.
Camels live in deserts.
Camels live in groups , with one male , several females , and their young calves .
Camels live in groups, with one male, several females, and their young calves .
Camels live in groups, with one male, several females, and their young calves.
Camels live in hot climates.
Camels live in regions.
Camels live in the desert and can go for a long time without water.
Camels live in the desert, where it is dry and hot during the day.
Camels live in the Sahara Desert.
Camels make milk.
Camels mate all year round, but they have a favorable period when vegetation is lush.
Camels may have difficulty.
Camels move legs.
Camels need food.
Camels need water.
Camels ordinarily sit down carefully.
Camels play in water.
Camels possess bodies.
Camels possess hair.
Camels possess humps.
Camels prefer deserts.
Camels prefer dry deserts and arid lands to inhabit.
Camels provide everything in a desert environment.
Camels pull carts of marble and slate.
Camels pull load.
Camels reach maturity.
Camels reach sexual maturity.
Camels remove fluids from body cells rather than the blood.
Camels reproduce by copulating during breeding season after the males compete for dominance.
Camels require cells.
Camels require environments.
Camels require habitats.
Camels require similar veterinary care to other domestic animals such as cattle and horses.
Camels require water.
Camels respond to verbal commands, and their gaits are gentle.
Camels rest at an Arab encampment in the foreground, giving the viewer a feeling of authenticity.
Camels retain water.
Camels roam deserts.
Camels roam regions.
Camels run about seven feet tall.
Camels run like a giraffe with both legs on one side of the body moving simultaneously.
Camels save water by producing dry feces and only small amounts of urine.
Camels save water.
Camels seek water.
Camels serve as draft animals and supply hair for the manufacture of fabrics and brushes.
Camels shed hair.
Camels solve their copulation difficulties by assuming a sitting-down posture.
Camels spit just like humans do.
Camels spit, too.
Camels stand on feet.
Camels store heat during the day and unload it in the cool of the night.
Camels survive in climates.
Camels survive in dry climates.
Camels survive in hot deserts by storing water in body fat in their humps.
Camels survive trips.
Camels survive years.
Camels sway from side to side because of the way their legs work.
Camels tend to be large and are strictly herbivorous.
Camels to drink salty water.
Camels to drink water.
Camels to stretch legs.
Camels to survive in deserts.
Camels travel in herds or caravans containing mostly females and calves with one dominant male.
Camels truly are survivors of the desert.
Camels walk longer distances than horses.
Camels walk on feet.
Camels walk using a technique called pacing.
Camels will have energy.
Camels work hard for people, but their behavior is unpredictable.
All camels have the same silhouette.
All camels lose their fur in spring and grow a new coat.
All camels moult in spring and have grown a new coat by autumn.
Most camels adapt to desert environments.
Most camels adapt to environments.
Most camels adapt to life.
Most camels adapt to surround environments.
Most camels become carriers.
Most camels can have diarrhoea.
Most camels carry full load.
Most camels carry load.
Most camels carry travelers.
Most camels carry water.
Most camels come from deserts.
Most camels conserve water.
Most camels cross deserts.
Most camels drink litres.
Most camels drink salty water.
Most camels drink water.
Most camels eat grain.
Most camels eat grass.
Most camels eat pasture.
Most camels eat plants.
Most camels eat thorny plants.
Most camels eat woody plants.
Most camels exhibit behaviour.
Most camels give birth to offspring.
Most camels graze on steppes.
Most camels has-part feet.
Most camels has-part legs.
Most camels has-part muscles.
Most camels has-part stomachs.
Most camels have ability.
Most camels have eyes.
Most camels have feet.
Most camels have fur.
Most camels have hump humps.
Most camels have humps.
Most camels have legs.
Most camels have milk teeth.
Most camels have mouths.
Most camels have oval shapes.
Most camels have shapes.
Most camels have skin.
Most camels have teeth.
Most camels have thick fur.
Most camels hear something.
Most camels hear sound.
Most camels inhabit regions.
Most camels inhabit territory.
Most camels live for several years.
Most camels live for years.
Most camels live in climates.
Most camels live in deserts.
Most camels live in hot climates.
Most camels live in regions.
Most camels make milk.
Most camels move legs.
Most camels play in water.
Most camels possess bodies.
Most camels possess hair.
Most camels possess humps.
Most camels prefer deserts.
Most camels pull load.
Most camels reach maturity.
Most camels reach sexual maturity.
Most camels require cells.
Most camels require environments.
Most camels require habitats.
Most camels require water.
Most camels retain water.
Most camels save water.
Most camels seek water.
Most camels stand on feet.
Most camels survive in climates.
Most camels survive in dry climates.
Most camels survive trips.
Most camels survive years.
Most camels surviving today are domesticated.
Most camels walk on feet.
Some camels are evolved from ancestors.
Some camels avoid enemies.
Some camels become feeders.
Some camels become opportunistic feeders.
Some camels can learn to manage wet conditions.
Some camels carry people.
Some camels come from circus.
Some camels come from countries.
Some camels depend on plants.
Some camels develop tolerance.
Some camels eat fruit.
Some camels eat leaves.
Some camels eat rubbish.
Some camels eat shrubs.
Some camels eat thorny twigs.
Some camels eat twigs.
Some camels eat vegetables.
Some camels graze in environments.
Some camels graze in grass.
Some camels has-part lids.
Some camels have bare spots.
Some camels have branches.
Some camels have layers.
Some camels have regulations.
Some camels have spots.
Some camels have temperature regulations.
Some camels have twins.
Some camels hear babies.
Some camels hear goats.
Some camels hear monkeys.
Some camels hear pigs.
Some camels hear rabbits.
Some camels kill owners.
Some camels live in cellars.
Some camels live in zoos.
Some camels occupy ranges.
Some camels possess eyelashs.
Some camels produce milk.
Some camels pull carts.
Some camels receive milk.
Some camels rely on strategies.
Some camels require ground.
Some camels sit on legs.
Some camels suffer health problems.
Some camels suffer problems.
Some camels thrive in desert environments.
Some camels thrive in environments.
Some camels transmit parasites.
Some camels utilize proteins.
A camelia is a bush
Camelia is different.
Camelid genomes reveal evolution and adaptation to desert environments.
Camelid wool is different than sheep wool in a number of ways.
Camellia oil is used in shampoos and creams to moisturize hair and skin.
A camellia is a bush
Camellia bud mites cause buds to develop slowly and either open late or fall off before opening.
Camellia japonica cv.
Camellia japonica ssp.
Camellias are a favourite.
Camellias are also old favorites.
Camellias are attractive plants even when they have no flowers.
Camellias are available in a range of colours from light pink, to reds, whites and yellows.
Camellias are common in warm temperate climates and bloom generally while it is cool outside.
Camellias are hardy, but for extra protection, apply mulch and cover flower buds if frost threatens.
Camellias are known to have both types of double flowers.
Camellias are natives of Southeast Asia, primarily southern China and Japan.
Camellias are one of the easiest of all spring-flowering plants to grow in a temperate climate.
Camellias are plants.
Camellias are shallow rooted plants.
Camellias are shallow-rooted plants.
Camellias are shrubs.
Camellias are susceptible to only a few insect and disease pests.
Camellias benefit from light shade in summer and protection from winter wind.
Camellias bring a unique beauty and form to indoor gardening.
Camellias can also be white, pink, or a mixture.
Camellias can grow quite large, depending on the variety.
Camellias can stand heavy pruning periodically and still recover, but do so as soon as possible.
Camellias grow best in a loose, well-drained soil that is slightly acid.
Camellias grow very slowly.
Camellias have a slow growth rate .
Camellias have a slow growth rate.
Camellias love soil mixtures with lots of peat, leaf mold and sand.
Camellias prefer to be planted near the top of the soil.
Camellias require a highly organic and slightly acidic soil.
Camellias rival the azaleas for ease of growth and beauty of form and foliage throughout the year.
Camellias thrive in containers under oak trees.
Camellias thrive in moist, well-drained, slightly acidic soils and prefer partial shade.
Camellias work well in the South and in California.
Most camellias grow and produce better flowers in partial shade.
Most camellias have blooms that are some shade of white or red.
Some camellias bloom in the fall, some in winter, and some in spring.
Camels humps are a reservoir of fatty tissue, while water is stored in their blood.
Camembert cheese is a local specialty.
A cameo is an anaglyph
Cameo are trademarks.
Cameo click here .
Cameo has a lovely lofty trot, good style over fences and a very easy attitude .
Cameo has an extensive book and film library for photo refrence for ease in communication.
Cameo has diamond in necklace.
Cameo has pinback on it.
Cameo is a golden lab who is one year old and the friendliest dog in the world.
Cameo is a versatile and youthful wine to be served on any occasion.
Cameo is back.
Cameo is constructed to be a high performance, easy to use mixer.
Cameo is constructed to be a high-performance, easy to use mixer.
Cameo is currently in an embryo program.
Cameo is off white with the smallest hint of pink.
Cameo is one inch wide.
Cameo is sometimes call Ballerina.
Cameo loves to disassemble everything.
Cameo pink on ivory plicata.
Cameo reviews all incoming and outgoing e-mail, scanning it for keywords and phrases.
All cameos are hand carved genuine shell cameos unless stated otherwise.
Many cameos tell a story from history or mythology.
A camera angle is a point of view
Camera angle backs off somewhat, same scene.
Camera angle can be manual adjusted.
Camera angle changes back to original position.
Camera angle gets annoying at times, music and sound effects are pretty good.
Camera angles are bad as well as focusing.
Camera angles are bad at times, so getting the timing right and avoiding traps is difficult.
Camera angles are from the victim's point of view.
Camera angles are intelligent and varied.
Camera angles are points of view.
Camera angles are surprisingly varied, offering five in total.
Camera angles can occasionally be a problem.
Camera angles move up and down and from side to side in true cinematic fashion.
Every camera angle has a reason - adds to the scene.
Every camera angle is always worth the effort.
Every camera angle is wrong.
Camera body pulls freely from case and all parts functional.
Camera coverage is the next best thing.
Camera crews are welcome with prior authorization.
Camera crews capture every exciting detail of people s personal lives as it happens.
Camera crews make their intermittent skirmishes into the west end.
Camera crews tend to shy away from taping in the bathroom.
Camera flashes fill the ballpark.
Camera focus is consitently quite good.
A camera lens is a lens
Camera lens is completely hidden behind PIR lens.
Camera lens is computer focused for optimum image clarity.
Camera lenses are lenses.
Camera lenses are part of cameras.
Camera lenses are part of television cameras.
Camera lenses Choose a compact camera with a good quality lens on it.
Camera lenses operate in a similar way.
Most camera lenses are part of cameras.
Some camera lenses produce photographs that are darker at the edges than in the middle.
Camera lenses are refractors.
Camera lenses have coatings to reduce reflections.
Camera lenses have the iris diaphragm built into the objective lens.
Camera lenses have the vertical and horizontal angles of view in the same proportions.
Most camera lenses are like a four by six picture frame.
Most camera lenses have an auxiliary infrared focusing mark.
Most camera models show the filter diameter on the object lens surround, as shown below.
Camera one is just a regular lens that pans and tilts and zooms.
A camera operator is an artist
Camera operators are workers who make photographic images of the material.
Camera operators can become directors of photography for movie studios and television programs.
Camera operators can obtain dynamic grab shots previously impossible.
Camera operators can place additional marks on the tape to register desired shots.
Camera operators do more than just operate cameras.
Camera operators make videos, movies, television programs, and commercials.
Camera operators photograph and develop negatives of the copy.
Camera operators provide appropriate framing, focus and exposure for professional results.
Camera operators use video cameras to film motion pictures, commercials, and films.
Many camera operators have one or more assistants working under their supervision.
Many camera operators work for television stations, either local or national.
Some camera operators confuse width with height.
Some camera operators work for local, network, and cable television stations.
Some camera operators work in uncomfortable, or even dangerous surroundings.
Camera parameters are software controlled.
Camera people choose what to shoot, and reporters choose their words.
Camera shake is a major course of blurred images.
Camera shake is a result of noticeable movement of the camera that is seen on the film.
Camera shake is negligible as the body is fairly heavy and hand-holds steadily.
Camera shake is the sign of an amateur at work.
Camera shake is very noticeable at high magnifications.
Camera stores carry reliable thermometers.
Many camera stores are excellent sources of astronomical products as well.
Camera surveillance seems extreme and monitors are too expensive.
More camera surveillance is needed in all units.
Camera system is awful.
Camera types Describe the types of large format cameras that are available.
Most camera types treat the up and right vectors the same as the perspective type.
Camera work can cause some serious back problems.
Camera work cuts most of the performers out of the picture by zeroing in on hands.
Camera work is a little disappointing.
Camera work is creative, helping to break up the hand-held shakiness.
Camera work is first class.
Camera work is first.
Camera work is perhaps the game's biggest problem.
Camera work is stupendous.
Camera work is very lively and different angles are used.
Camera work is very trippy.
Camera work is without a doubt the most essential part of the stealth avenue of the game.
All camera work is done in our own plant with careful bibliographic and production control.
A camera is photographic equipment
Camera acts .
Camera advertise about a fever because fill detroit lions caps.
Camera allows view control, so the image can be viewed at different sizes or depths.
Camera also picks up images of the area around the ship.
Camera also seems to be working well.
Camera angles and unique special effects make the movie an impressive work.
Camera angles in the style of classic horror add to the suspense.
Camera angles, lighting and character placement can affect the perception of a story.
Camera are always good for capturing the moment.
Camera attaches to uniform shirt.
Camera attempts to display some of the book titles but has difficulty maintaining focus.
Camera begins to boom up and zoom out wider.
Camera breaks extremely easily.
Camera close up.
Camera closes in and reveals some kissing and fondling amongst various couples sexy bitches.
Camera closes with four heading out the door to a credit union.
Camera comes complete with stand and universal hinge for installation in any direction.
Camera comes enclosed in a metal case, complete with a breakout cable and mounting bracket.
Camera comes with mounting brackets for ease of installation.
Camera concentrates on workdesk in room.
Camera continues along path, pointing to robot.
Camera continues to widen.
Camera controls .
Camera curse upon an profession as issue t-shirts.
Camera cuts to a shot of the middle row, left square.
Camera cuts to players in idling animations lends a TV feel to the game.
Camera cuts to side view and zooms in on older person.
Camera cuts to that place.
Camera demands a lot of homework.
Camera deny among lots accident for approve pants.
Camera does little processing besides reformatting data for transmission.
Camera enables operator to pan left and right, up and down.
Camera faces north.
Camera faces south.
Camera features electronic light control and microphone.
Camera follows an American platoon in Vietnam for six weeks, showing all the horrors of war.
Camera follows missile.
Camera forgets flash mode on power cycle.
Camera gives up and wanders off.
Camera goes slowly down grim, gray corridor.
Camera goes to sleep while recording.
Camera gradually pans to aerial view.
Camera has a focal plane shutter.
Camera has a super zoom lens and is located on top of terminal building too.
Camera has excellent color quality and contrast.
Camera has four adjustable legs, one at each corner of the box, used to level the apparatus.
Camera has no backfocus adjustment.
Camera has no scratches or damage and appears very lightly used.
Camera has two modes, a standard mode and a built-in telephoto lens.
Camera has virtually all imaginable functions.
Camera have manual and auto mode of setup apperture.
Camera hogs all.
Camera holds for what seems like minutes.
Camera holds position while the robot's functionality is displayed.
Camera includes battery power save modes.
Camera includes flip up LCD color display, battery operation.
Camera is a bit blurry, but is framed by bush branches.
Camera is a bit on the wild side as well.
Camera is a manufacturer's demo, with a video printer and monitor.
Camera is adjustable for aperture, shutter speed or program mode.
Camera is an authentic looking box camera supported by a tripod.
Camera is as sturdy as a brick but yet light.
Camera is audience.
Camera is capable of far and near end presets as well as control.
Camera is capable of inspecting areas up to two hundred feet from entry point.
Camera is cleaned and shutter and actuator mechanisms are tested, and lubricated.
Camera is connected to the computer.
Camera is denoted by the red arrow.
Camera is designed to be configured with environmental enclosures and customized software programs.
Camera is difficult to open with a normal flathead screwdriver, but it can be done.
Camera is docked.
Camera is easily accessible for service and installation.
Camera is enclosed in an aluminum housing and includes mounting bracket.
Camera is enclosed in rugged metal housing.
Camera is enforced to function in a refrigerator temperature.
Camera is fixed in one spot.
Camera is focused on the pan feeder.
Camera is here.
Camera is hidden behind the stylish black face of a real working clock.
Camera is in excellent condition.
Camera is in good but worn condition.
Camera is in good condition and works perfectly.
Camera is in good condition.
Camera is in great shape including bellows and also has a home made case.
Camera is in like new condition.
Camera is in near new condition with polished brass and intact bellows.
Camera is in same position as in previous scene.
Camera is internally adjustable for tilt angle.
Camera is located adjacent to the westbound roadway, but can be pointed in either direction.
Camera is located adjacent to the westbound roadway.
Camera is located at the top of terminal building.
Camera is located on eastbound side of roadway.
Camera is located on top of the scorekeeping tent.
Camera is located on westbound side of roadway.
Camera is mint, one owner.
Camera is more than just a tool.
Camera is notched for stereo divider, but divider is missing.
Camera is now inside a box.
Camera is on a microwave link that receives the kitchen microwave perfectly.
Camera is optional but recommended.
Camera is pretty shaky and heads get in the way sometimes.
Camera is ready when a small yellow light is on when looking through the viewfinder.
Camera is relatively steady.
Camera is removable for any photo use.
Camera is saved against static electricity.
Camera is slightly above eyes.
Camera is started on command and then continues to take pictures at given distance until stopped.
Camera is too close to the subject.
Camera is usually a ghost thing.
Camera is very clean and working like new.
Camera is very clean but has two small impressions on rear of camera.
Camera is very easy to operate, all controls fall directly under fingertips.
Camera is very sturdy and much better in inclement weather than bellows cameras.
Camera is very well worn but good student camera.
Camera isa equipment.
Camera keep in the bag until start the show.
Camera Lenses Numerous lenses for any of our commercial grade cameras.
Camera log for each picture.
Camera looks A but plastic tip missing on winding lever.
Camera looks A, shutter works fine, lens clear, bellows fine.
Camera looks through LCD plate with a medium wide angle field of view.
Camera looks thru observation window in chamber as the prisoner convulses and dies.
Camera loses power during transfer.
Camera loves certain people, hates others, it is in the bones of the face.
Camera melt under a fever because advertise louisville slugger softball glove.
Camera melt under a fever because advertise mlb baseball jerseys.
Camera moves across fields to reveal spectacular North Shore cliffs.
Camera moves around the playfield very smoothly.
Camera moves in and over.
Camera moves in to get close-ups.
Camera moves slowly from left to right or right to left without stopping.
Camera moves toward and over small island silhouetted by the deep red sunrise.
Camera moves up and into a misty cloud.
Camera moves up canyon walls to a high waterfall, look down waterfall, then pan around to see more.
Camera needs service.
Camera obscuras working today.
Camera offer Decisions off one penny during any peace.
Camera offers single-servo and continuous autofocus and manual focus.
Camera operates during daylight hours.
Camera overlooks beach with daytime footage and there's lots of surfing information.
Camera points forward while moving.
Camera prepare Chapter between many battle beneath whatever city.
Camera produces magnified image on screen from any book, magazine or letter placed on viewing table.
Camera produces sharp images in the lowest resolution, super sharp in higher.
Camera pulls back and fades to grey.
Camera pulls back to reveal that the world is actually a light bulb spinning in space.
Camera pulls back wider and higher to show kids playing in yard.
Camera pulls back.
Camera raises up to see the gold clouds of sunrise.
Camera range much greater than model size.
Camera records images from the observer's viewpoint.
Camera remains static on immovable tripod throughout, adding to tedium.
Camera requires external infrared reduction filter.
Camera retains valid status information with power off or when disconnected from film recorder.
Camera retreats rapidly from the emergency room until ending with a hospital exterior shot.
Camera returns to pan back along the table.
Camera returns to the centre again.
Camera reviews, links, techniques and reader's galleries.
Camera says the gay fraternity is accepted and respected on most campuses.
Camera shake blurs the image despite monopod support.
Camera shake through use of poor tripod.
Camera shots that zoom in on the speaker's head and shoulders are best.
Camera shows few signs of use.
Camera shows one large room, sparsely furnished.
Camera shows some minor but normal wear.
Camera shows the seal exhibit construction site.
Camera shows very little wear.
Camera shows very much wear.
Camera stand and flood lamp for testing film reciprocity law failure.
Camera starts at far left, pans right.
Camera starts to move.
Camera starts to pan.
Camera still rotates around singer's head.
Camera stops and slowly turns toward a cell.
Camera switches between the chick, the busker, the long-hair.
Camera switches to different people as monologue goes on.
Camera switches to inside a metallic hall.
Camera switches to one inside a lab.
Camera tells all Visible light is just a tiny portion of the total electromagnetic spectrum.
Camera then does a fly by of the stadium.
Camera tracks right to reveal a modern urban street scene.
Camera travels right through.
Camera Use a high quality camera.
Camera uses several of such transfers grouped together in packets.
Camera views from around the province to check current conditions.
Camera views from Paragraphs office located on one of seven Moscow's hills.
Camera widens to show other older persons joining the group.
Camera widens to show younger students in background.
Camera work a bit weak, but still worth watching.
Camera works in darkened rooms.
Camera zooms in on cops.
Camera zooms in on the ongoing melee.
Camera zooms in on the screen, but is again unable to maintain the proper focus.
Camera zooms in on the screen.
Camera zooms out.
Cameras abound everywhere, capturing faces on film.
Cameras allow citizens to see their judicial system at work.
Cameras allow on screen monitoring of common areas of the front and back entrances.
Cameras allow players to plan their next shot from a first-person perspective.
Cameras already record electronically and feed through a computer.
Cameras also allow parents to monitor their children on the Internet.
Cameras also can monitor the home front.
Cameras also continue to become more sensitive, smaller, and less expensive.
Cameras also record ghostly energy as orbs and other oddities, called anomalies.
Cameras appear as another folder on the desktop.
Cameras are a favorite target of thieves.
Cameras are a tool for an overworked police force.
Cameras are able to detect the material to form the images.
Cameras are already in the housings and are pre-wired thru to the base.
Cameras are also great to have along on a climb.
Cameras are also safety tools for officers.
Cameras are an excellent way of reducing staff and increasing security for the staff.
Cameras are an invasion of privacy, though fighting for absolute privacy seems to be futile today.
Cameras are an obvious problem there.
Cameras are available in all shapes and sizes.
Cameras are available in color or black and white picture outputs.
Cameras are basically all computerized now and that is good for people who like computers.
Cameras are cheap.
Cameras are cheaper than cops.
Cameras are common.
Cameras are devices.
Cameras are essential.
Cameras are everywhere and they feed into a security system as elaborate as any Vegas casino.
Cameras are everywhere, and as the numbers diminish they keep rolling.
Cameras are everywhere.
Cameras are fun, so learn how to take great pictures.
Cameras are fun.
Cameras are highly coveted items by thieves.
Cameras are in blister packs and include a roll of film.
Cameras are in hotels, restaurants, hospitals, daycare centers, kennels.
Cameras are in the bedrooms, shower, and bathroom.
Cameras are in the gym in addition to the studio and are used to broadcast sports games.
Cameras are like stereos.
Cameras are located in cabinets.
Cameras are located in drawers.
Cameras are located in suitcases.
Cameras are low-maintenance and more reliable than a loop.
Cameras are macho.
Cameras are no longer available.
Cameras are ok.
Cameras are on buses, but there is no film.
Cameras are only one used surveillance tool, however.
Cameras are outside waiting for Regal to arrive.
Cameras are popular and exciting, easy to use and a real ice-breaker.
Cameras are precision machinery.
Cameras are returnable only if they are still sealed in their original package.
Cameras are setup at festivals, conventions, and other places where people gather.
Cameras are simply the logical progression of the tradition.
Cameras are small and photos can be taken instantly.
Cameras are smaller and easier to hide.
Cameras are steady.
Cameras are taboo.
Cameras are teeny now.
Cameras are there to capture it all.
Cameras are used for photographs.
Cameras are used for photography.
Cameras are used for pictures.
Cameras are very intrusive and can make people feel like they are being put on display.
Cameras are very smooth.
Cameras are virtually ubiquitous today.
Cameras are welcome and there is a gift shop with local handicrafts.
Cameras are welcome in the workshop - but please no video cameras.
Cameras are welcome, but remember a flash.
Cameras are welcome.
Cameras arrive in recyclable cardboard boxes and are first sorted according to manufacturer.
Cameras balance the shutter speed with the proper depth of field for proper film exposure.
Cameras calmly scan corner to corner, the entire store.
Cameras can address the problem of geographical location of a trial.
Cameras can also be a great learning tool.
Cameras can be a distraction, and in some cases, it is against the law to take pictures of students.
Cameras can be no substitute for justice.
Cameras can be obvious or be hidden in smoke detectors and clocks.
Cameras can be quite complicated and use unintuitive jargon.
Cameras can be rooftop or post mounted, ideally being fixed to existing columns.
Cameras can change a person's buoyancy, so adjust accordingly.
Cameras can close in on facial tics or hand motions and scan a room to view a group of people.
Cameras can collect energy from the emitted beams, showing areas of increased or decreased activity.
Cameras can do that.
Cameras can include color slit lamp cameras, hand-held cameras and eyepiece cameras.
Cameras can influence courtroom.
Cameras can look for the obvious, visible signs of life like flora and fauna or evidence thereof.
Cameras can measure the cataract density.
Cameras can shoot either.
Cameras can theoretically move along any dimension in three-dimensional space.
Cameras can track, sweep around, zoom, all under our control.
Cameras can vary from film size to digital effects capabilities.
Cameras can write to removable disk storage media that can also.
Cameras capture images.
Cameras capture our images at the automated bank machine.
Cameras capture the dancer's image for a client's screen, but picture qualities differ.
Cameras capture the sea of black.
Cameras click and whirr as two American naturalists record the fleeting moment.
Cameras click as yet another emerges from the sea.
Cameras click, birds flap their wings.
Cameras close in on the blood, and the media replay fights as highlights of the game.
Cameras come in all shapes and sizes and for all kinds of users.
Cameras come in all shapes and sizes.
Cameras come in black or white.
Cameras come in many disguises, from briefcase, animals and house plants.
Cameras comes with a mains adapter, battery and recharger cable.
Cameras control the amount of light taken in a picture by two basic ways.
Cameras distort what the court does.
Cameras do more than take photos.
Cameras do the job, in the wee hours of the morning.
Cameras document each stage of the raising of two homes.
Cameras don t look at all like they used to.
Cameras eat batteries for breakfast.
Cameras employ mechanical shutters whose speed is controllable with software.
Cameras even can send live footage or video clips to a mobile device.
Cameras flash relentlessly from both sides of the room.
Cameras flash, and several reporters hold up tape recorders.
Cameras flashing, people talking, milling around the cheetah crates.
Cameras follow technical experts as they investigate why oceanic events happen.
Cameras generate a great deal of information in a very short time.
Cameras get a thorough work out before the day ends.
Cameras give a fine representation.
Cameras give people a false sense of security.
Cameras go everywhere.
Cameras have (part) aperture.
Cameras have (part) camera lenses.
Cameras have (part) lens hoods.
Cameras have (part) sections.
Cameras have (part) sprockets.
Cameras have depth.
Cameras have flashs.
Cameras have lenses.
Cameras have pictures.
Cameras have powerful remote facilities to pan, tilt and zoom.
Cameras have ranges.
Cameras have similar limitations.
Cameras intrude in unlikely places, and scenes occasionally feel overly staged.
Cameras just happen to be nosy.
Cameras like to fall on exposed lenses.
Cameras linger longingly on the faces of the women's dying.
Cameras linger on the emphasized cleavage of Kitty, a Downtown barmaid.
Cameras love a crowd.
Cameras make ghosts out of people.
Cameras Make it Easy and closing tags for paragraphs.
Cameras make it seem like it lights up blue, but it's actually white.
Cameras make the release that much easier and rewarding.
Cameras mean less privacy in public places, but most people prefer more safety.
Cameras monitor the interior and exterior, and it's all captured on videotape.
Cameras monitoring rear entrances and side exits are often enough to reduce theft.
Cameras only supply one step.
Cameras photograph the li-cense plate of vehicles that fail to stop at the traffic signal.
Cameras provide live, high power, high resolution television pictures of the lunar surface.
Cameras provide viewpoints to view the scene from any angle.
Cameras range from a few ounces to several pounds.
Cameras record their ever move.
Cameras remain fixed at specific angles to create a movie effect.
Cameras require a 'B' setting with a cable release facility to allow timed exposures.
Cameras reveal that the eyes of the reader stop intermittently as they move rapidly across a line.
Cameras roll next month.
Cameras roll to capture scene one.
Cameras roll, and the ensuing drama is riveting and real.
Cameras see light as it is reflected from an object.
Cameras slink, glide and tip-toe through the action.
Cameras snap as a debate rages over whom the baby most resembles.
Cameras start clicking.
Cameras survey the courts.
Cameras swing instead to capture a body falling from a school window.
Cameras swing into focus.
Cameras take a PC-formatted disk to store photos on.
Cameras take photographs.
Cameras take photos.
Cameras take pictures.
Cameras tend to be larger.
Cameras tend to turn perfectly personable presenters into robots.
Cameras track users' movements.
Cameras transmit the visuals and discussion to the monitors and other sites.
Cameras use a lens to collect light and make a picture on the surface of the film.
Cameras use batteries.
Cameras use light rays to deposit a representation of visible objects onto a surface.
Cameras use light.
Cameras utilize the reflected light, or light coming off the subject, for metering purposes.
Cameras vary in size, from miniature format to large rooms in a building.
Cameras vary widely in optical quality and features.
Cameras vary widely in resolution, accuracy, speed and price.
Cameras view the laser light to digitize the subject.
Cameras watch every move.
Cameras weigh about one pound in salt water.
Cameras work by projecting images onto a flat piece of film.
Cameras work on the same basic principles.
Cameras often record wills likely to be challenged in court.
Cameras often use a ring without slots.
All camera moves including tilts and pans are as easy to execute as in standard overslung mode.
All cameras are auto white and auto black balanced with auto gain control and auto iris.
All cameras are welcome.
All cameras have an electronic display panel to guide users through the operation.
All cameras have optical zooms and most have digital.
All cameras have pluses and minuses.
All cameras have self adjusting electronic iris for various lighting situations.
All cameras require film.
All cameras share the same problem - the track is difficult to follow in the distance.
All cameras work well, no glitches so far.
Any camera can be a panoramic camera.
Any camera can take good pictures.
Any camera is made up of four basic things.
Every camera has different features and therfore there is a wide variety in prices.
Every camera is different.
Every camera works best in a certain niche.
Many cameras act differently that way.
Many cameras also allow the white balance to be selected by the user.
Many cameras also have an adjustable aperture.
Many cameras are now also able to produce good quality images in minimal light conditions.
Many cameras can save images in more than one format depending on their purpose.
Many cameras can shoot with a fast shutter speed but fast fps.
Many cameras can use a cable release.
Many cameras come with a leather type case that affords some protection.
Many cameras come with software for building and updating a website.
Many cameras determine the appropriate exposure by reading the light throughout the entire frame.
Many cameras fail to deliver decent color in low light.
Many cameras feature a red-eye reduction feature.
Many cameras have a built-in motorized film winder, while others accept a separate autowinder.
Many cameras have a combination of optical and digital zoom.
Many cameras have a dedicated portrait mode.
Many cameras have input and output ports, into which video and audio cables can be attached.
Many cameras have optical zoom and digital zoom capabilities.
Many cameras leak light when their foam light seals deteriorate.
Many cameras offer both automatic and manual exposure.
Many cameras offer one optical and one electronic viewfinder.
Many cameras only offer the auto feature.
Many cameras provide both optical and digital zoom.
Many cameras rely on the screen as the sole viewfinder.
Many cameras use four AA batteries.
Many cameras use smaller sensors .
Many cameras use smaller sensors.
More cameras obviously produce a longer update time.
Most cameras also allow for independent movement of the front and rear standards.
Most cameras also have a film advance.
Most cameras are analogue.
Most cameras are fully automatic with the camera setting both the aperture and the shutter speed.
Most cameras are.
Most cameras automatically determine the correct exposure for the lighting conditions.
Most cameras come with a built-in automatic flash.
Most cameras come with a built-in flash.
Most cameras come with a software program.
Most cameras come with inadequate memory in their base configuration.
Most cameras come with serial cables.
Most cameras come with snap-in memory modules.
Most cameras come with software that downloads the photos.
Most cameras connect directly to a desktop or notebook computer.
Most cameras develop defective pixels as they age.
Most cameras feature some kind of zoom lens.
Most cameras have a built-in automatic flash, which is nice.
Most cameras have a built-in light exposure meter that is used to determine the correct exposure.
Most cameras have a default setting for maximum quality.
Most cameras have a shutter that enables the user to temporarily block video transmission.
Most cameras have a standard size threaded hole on the bottom.
Most cameras have a stiff foam shoulder pad.
Most cameras have a table on the lens that indicates depth of field for different lens settings.
Most cameras have a wind-reduction switch .
Most cameras have completely automatic exposure.
Most cameras have depth.
Most cameras have fully automatic exposure.
Most cameras have lenses.
Most cameras have optical finders that are just like the ones found in film cameras.
Most cameras have pictures.
Most cameras have provisions to feed the synch signal of one camera into the other for genlocking.
Most cameras have ranges.
Most cameras have separate video signal cables and power cables.
Most cameras have several levels of compression.
Most cameras have their focus point in the middle of the viewfinder.
Most cameras have two audio plugs.
Most cameras offer a serial connection as the default transfer method.
Most cameras operate on AA batteries.
Most cameras provide auto-focusing and exposure controls based on the entire image.
Most cameras share common components, and final assembly is completed after receipt of order.
Most cameras take photographs.
Most cameras take photos.
Most cameras take pictures.
Most cameras use a removable memory device of some type.
Most cameras use a single CCD chip to capture and transmit image information.
Most cameras use AA batteries, of which there are several types.
Most cameras use an averge of all of the light that falls on the frame of the camera.
Most cameras use light.
Most cameras use memory cards .
Some camera make it easy to attach lens accessories such as filters or adapters, other make it hard.
Some cameras accept AA alkaline and AA rechargeable batteries.
Some cameras accept standard diskettes.
Some cameras allow direct connection to a high-quality computer printer.
Some cameras allow for an optional viewing hood.
Some cameras allow for recharging while they are in the camera.
Some cameras also have a digital zoom feature.
Some cameras are available for loan if needed.
Some cameras are available to loan.
Some cameras are better than others, though.
Some cameras are bigger offenders than others.
Some cameras are larger than others.
Some cameras are moveable and some are stationary.
Some cameras are nicer than others, but they all work.
Some Cameras are temporarily offline.
Some cameras automatically adjust exposure for the lightest area.
Some cameras automatically turn on the flash in dim light.
Some cameras avoid red eye effects by using the pre-flash function of many flashes.
Some cameras can divide the CCD array into four and use each quarter to store a different picture.
Some cameras can shoot at other speeds as well.
Some cameras can transfer the images directly into a printer.
Some cameras carry an infrared focusing mark on the lens focusing ring.
Some cameras come with a battery and a battery charger as well.
Some cameras come with a built in stop action timer.
Some cameras come with a cable, others with a disk.
Some cameras come with an adapter.
Some cameras come with both a built-in flash and a hot shoe, offering the best of both worlds.
Some cameras come with rechargeable batteries.
Some cameras come with universal DC voltage in connections.
Some cameras even allow interesting special effects, such as sepia-toning, with onboard software.
Some cameras even have the rule of thirds gridlines visible in their viewfinders.
Some cameras even increase the gain automatically.
Some cameras even use standard or high capacity floppy discs for storage.
Some cameras exhibit almost no noise and some a lot and all the time.
Some cameras fail to stay focused on objects in the sky.
Some cameras fire a series of preflashes to shrink the subject's pupils and reduce red-eye.
Some cameras focus on local roads while others connect to highway cameras.
Some cameras follow horses.
Some cameras get around the power problem by using rechargeable batteries and include a recharger.
Some cameras give guides for accurate parallax compensation.
Some cameras have a better IR performance than others.
Some cameras have a built-in flash, while others have a flash shoe for holding a flash accessory.
Some cameras have a decent sized buffer that shortens the time between shots dramatically.
Some cameras have a mode that is a sort of electronic motor drive.
Some cameras have a power zoom.
Some cameras have a separate button that locks the focus until a picture has been taken.
Some cameras have a user-programmable mode that's held in memory.
Some cameras have adjustable shutters.
Some cameras have an 'aperture ring'.
Some cameras have an automatic tracking feature.
Some cameras have both internal and removable memory.
Some cameras have different names in different areas of the world.
Some cameras have internal non-removable storage.
Some cameras have manual controls for audio input, while others do it automatically.
Some cameras have manually adjustable lens.
Some cameras have more versatility than others.
Some cameras have no LCD panel, and instead use a simple optical viewfinder.
Some cameras have one aspect ratio for the image sensor and another for the viewfinder.
Some cameras have one set of batteries to power both the meter and the drive.
Some cameras have only an LCD panel, which also acts as the viewfinder.
Some cameras have other technical problems.
Some cameras have problems.
Some cameras have specific cables to connect the computer.
Some cameras have technical problems.
Some cameras have the ability to turn off antiblooming.
Some cameras have the capacity to take very short video clips and some can even capture sound.
Some cameras have the colored pixels arranged in a randomized or rather a psuedo-random fashion.
Some cameras have two or more exposure programs.
Some cameras however have the option of having a single row of pixels per output line.
Some cameras make the transfer by a special cable or adapter.
Some cameras now have two or three million pixels.
Some cameras offer a choice of metering patterns.
Some cameras offer both optical and digital zooms.
Some cameras offer digitally enhanced resolution to simulate more pixels.
Some cameras offer internal fixed storage only.
Some cameras offer special features.
Some cameras process their signals more slowly than others.
Some cameras produce a floppy disk or a compact disk.
Some cameras provide a choice.
Some cameras provide information.
Some cameras record a digital image.
Some cameras rely on a sensor on the flash itself.
Some cameras save in varying compression modes.
Some cameras save photos onto flash or media cards.
Some cameras seal pretty good - hours half life for a vacuum.
Some cameras show live video.
Some cameras simply work faster after the picture is taken than others.
Some cameras store the collected information in internal memory.
Some cameras store the photos on removable memory disks that plug into a computer for downloading.
Some cameras support both types of cards.
Some cameras switch to a demo mode when left on standby without a tape inserted.
Some cameras temporarily experience problems updating.
Some cameras use a narrower strip of film but the same length as normal to achieve the wide affect.
Some cameras use a pre-flash.
Some cameras use a series of flashes to prevent it from occurring.
Some cameras use less than the full resolution of the CCD to create smaller files.
Some cameras use maximum compression to make room for more photos.
Some cameras use proprietary batteries packs.
Some cameras use their own proprietary format to store images.
A cameraman is an artist
Cameraman runs closer.
Cameramans are photographers.
Cameramen are always potential targets when filming in dangerous conditions.
Cameramen are notorious for their personal foibles, one man's meat etc.
Cameramen have access.
Cameramen praise the clear light.
Cameramen run cameras.
Cameramen shoot all possible angles while other fishermen wait their turn.
Cameramen tend to be boisterous, immature, and irreverent.
Cameramen vehemently declare it to be so, or at least that the possible variations are very slight.
Cameroon is part of Africa.
Cameroon isa thing.
Cameroonian food consists of a lot of fruits and vegetables.
Many Cameroonian men greet coworkers with a handshake every day.
Camillus couple wants kids to keep family's hunting tradition going.
Camillus growers butter up lawmakers at yearly picnic.
Camine o use las escaleras en vez del ascensor.
Camisole straps feature back elastic extensions.
Camisole straps hug the chest wall for discreet coverage.
A camisole is a garment
Camisoles look fabulous when decorated along the shoulder straps with pearls.
Camoes according to the workers exports the resin to Portugal.
Camomile oil is also fungicidal.
Camomile tea has with it the air of preparedness.
Camomile tea helps prevent migraines.
Camomile tea is a herbal
A camomile is a herb
Camomile provides calcium, magnesium, iron and trace minerals.
Camomille tea is a favorite, as is spearmint, and black currant.
Camouflage blends the best in shadows.
Camouflage enables an animal to remain hidden from view.
Camouflage helps disguise an animal so that it is less visable to preditors or prey.
Camouflage is fabric.
Camouflage is hiding
Camouflage is screens.
Camouflage paint it.
Camouflage tends to lighter colors in dry biomes, darker in more humid biomes.
Camouflage works wonders, but is a hindrance in the game.
More camouflage is needed when leaves are shed.
Camouflaged anchors are harder to see and nonexistent anchors are impossible to see.
Camouflaged coats come in colors of yellow, gray, brown, or black tones.
Camp coffee is easy in a billy pail.
Camp counselors are available at all times.
Camp counselors are intercollegiate players, who provide excellent models as students of the game.
Camp counselors are qualified professionals and college students.
Camp counselors live with the campers in modern log cabins.
Camp counselors reside in the student dormitories and are available at all times.
Camp counselors supervise all activities to insure safety and continually create a fun atmosphere.
Camp counselors teach sports, crafts, performing arts and other skills to campers.
All camp counselors are current or past collegiate or national level players.
Camp County offers everyone a great place to live, work, play, raise a family or retire.
Camp experience relates to outcomes.
Camp fires are a favorite of the guests.
Camp fires are right on the water's edge.
Camp fires burn, and coffee is brewed.
Camp fires provide heat for cooking.
Camp fires require a current fire permit.
A camp follower is a follower
Camp followers are also welcome.
Camp followers are just one more unofficial service.
Camp food is plentiful and well-prepared.
Camp grounds are close.
All camp- grounds have modern restrooms with hot showers and most have laundry facilities.
Most camp grounds have toilet facilities and running water.
Every camp house has two cabins.
Camp Island is at the far eastern end.
Camp lake provides a place for canoe instruction and swimming.
Camp language is English.
Camp meeting is meeting
Camp meetings are back in style again, of course.
Camp meetings bring families together to enjoy social, civic, educational and fraternal programs.
Camp shirts are available in the camp store.
Camp shirts are available through the camper canteen.
Camp site includes awnings.
Camp site is situated to the southern part of Bangladesh near the sea bay of Bengal.
Camp sites accommodate a single family of eight.
Camp sites are also available with electric hookups and shower facilities on grounds.
Camp sites are available along the way.
Camp sites are available for a small additional fee.
Camp sites are available on both sides of the river, which holds small cutthroat trout.
Camp sites are available.
Camp sites are either semi-modern with electric and water, or without utilities.
Camp sites are located in forests.
Camp sites are plentiful at Roosevelt Lake.
Camp sites are very inexpensive.
Camp sites are well wooded, and well spaced.
Camp sites have a fire ring and picnic table.
Camp sites have picnic tables, barbecue pits, and tent pads.
Camp sites have tent pads, grills and fire rings with a restroom located in the camping area.
Camp sites offer little security.
Camp sites tend to be in the middle of nowhere.
Camp sites vary from year to year.
All camp sites are a few minutes walk from the swimming area.
All camp sites are full hookup or self-contained.
All camp sites are lakefront.
All camp sites have fire rings.
All camp sites have firepits and picnic tables with wood available.
All camp sites have picnic tables and fire rings.
All camp sites provide a cooking area and fuel wood.
Every camp site needs help.
Every camp sites have a picnic table and fire grate available.
Most camp sites are small but well-equipped, with sports facilities and children's playgrounds.
Most camp sites have fire rings and picnic tables.
Most camp sites offer a delightful view and some are terraced.
Some camp sites have fire rings.
Camp stoves are acceptable, as are charcoal stoves except during periods of extreme fire hazard.
Camp stoves are fine.
Camp stoves are permissible if used in areas designated for fire building.
Camp stoves are safer, more efficient and cleaner.
Camp stoves are still okay to use but the entire area is in extreme danger.
Some camp stoves consider considerate once welcome, however possibility send others.
Camp time begins when the camp assumes responsibility for the campers.
A camp is a quarters
CAMP assists ongoing efforts to provide aid, whenever possible, regardless of religious belief.
Camp begins immediately after check-in.
Camp begins soon, so please call if there is any questions.
Camp bleed aside none case because rain bicycling.
Camp bleed aside none case because rain hockey teams.
Camp cabins as seen from the lagoon.
Camp cabins in various stages of construction.
CAMP can be another resource for assistance on addiction issues faced by discharged offenders.
CAMP confirms their effectiveness while providing reassuring evidence about their safety.
Camp conforms to rules governing high school and pre-high school football.
Camp consists of daily drills and scrimmages.
Camp consists of private sleeping tents with thick foam pads for all guests.
Camp consists of team play for the duration of the camp.
Camp consists of three vehicles surrounding our eating tables and cooking gear.
Camp contrasts with the familiar.
Camp covers instruction in moguls, steep skiing, slopestyle, aerials and freeskiing.
Camp equals fun, sun and laughter.
Camp explores nature, insects and aquatic life.
Camp helps girls try new things, make great friends, and feel good about who they are.
CAMP hosts seminars on topics of interest to the group.
CAMP IS FREE .
CAMP is here to help the novice.
Camp isa structure.
Camp leads to feelings of achievement and success for all.
Camp live in Thousand Oaks.
Camp offers quality soccer camp instruction in a safe, character-enriching environment.
CAMP offers relatively speedy proceedings at a reasonable cost.
Camp opens kids up to a whole new experience of meeting new kids.
Camp outs, cooks outs, and expeditions.
Camp permits entitle individuals to free use of swimming facilities.
CAMP Preprints CAMP Preprints Order is roughly reverse chronological.
CAMP promises to work toward making the site interactive and operational.
CAMP provides research opportunities for undergraduates, faculty mentoring, and peer group support.
Camp regulates gastrin gene expression.
CAMP reports support setting global resource-allocation priorities.
Camp reserves the right to hold personal items until dismissed.
Camp runs in two four-week sessions.
Camp runs in weekly sessions.
Camp saws camp blade camp saw, saw blades plumbers saw, camp saw blades, wire saw.
Camp specializes in small bass fishing, bear and deer hunting.
Camp spoof about a lovely young woman who is persued by most of the all-star cast members.
Camp start against many racquetball and rackets.
Camp starts when school is out and ends with the first day of school.
Camp stoves and charcoal burners.
Camp stoves and charcoal heaters.
Camp stoves only, no open fires.
Camp strives to maximize a child's independence and ability to contribute successfully to a group.
Camp takes pride in highly trained staff and a low counselor to camper ratio.
Camp teaches about diabetes, friendship, and a whole lot more.
CAMP TIPS on campfires available.
Camp turn off is approx.
Camp views etc.
Camp works hard to provide nutritionally balanced, enjoyable and varied meals.
Camp works very hard to keep our fees as low as possible.
Camp wrap up and evaluations.
Camps allow members to enjoy and learn about outdoor living.
Camps also have seasonal positions available.
Camps also provide hands-on training for coaches.
Camps are a big part of our organizations success.
Camps are a chance for athletes to gain exposure to college coaches.
Camps are a great opportunity for players to better their skills and play against great competition.
Camps are a great time for evangelism and Christian growth.
Camps are a great way to find out what it takes to be a great volleyball player.
Camps are a great way to meet college coaches and players.
Camps are alongside clear mountain streams, and on alpine ridges.
Camps are also cross-referenced by activity specialities and special clientele served.
Camps are an important means of increasing knowledge and improving their technique.
Camps are available all summer long for both sports.
Camps are available for rising third graders to senior high students.
Camps are available for winter and spring school vacations and for summer.
Camps are available in pole vault , volleyball , ice hockey , football , as well as basketball .
Camps are bands.
Camps are co-ed unless otherwise specified.
Camps are co-ed.
Camps are comfortable safari style.
Camps are comfortable with near gourmet meals.
Camps are filled on first come, first serve basis.
Camps are five days.
Camps are for boys and girls unless specified.
Camps are for boys entering third through ninth grade.
Camps are for persons with mental retardation and mobility impairment.
Camps are for specific age groups.
Camps are for students entering grades listed.
Camps are four or eight weeks.
Camps are four to five days in length.
Camps are free, but space is limited.
Camps are full for the summer.
Camps are full to capacity.
Camps are gathering.
Camps are good for other reasons, too, of course.
Camps are great.
Camps are housing.
Camps are ideal nurturing environments for developing leaders for church and society.
Camps are important to college coaches.
Camps are in two-week sessions.
Camps are like stockyards for humans.
Camps are limited to four participants per week.
Camps are long enough to allow new learning to sink in.
Camps are longer term and draw a larger number of people from a larger region.
Camps are lots of fun, and the chance to learn to be independent, and to be away from home.
Camps are motivated by the goal of entertainment.
Camps are of various types and each serves a different purpose.
Camps are on the riversides where sandy beaches are available.
Camps are open to ALL interested baseball players regardless of ability.
Camps are open to boys and girls residing in So.
Camps are open to members as well as non-members.
Camps are overcrowded and poor sanitation is a serious problem.
Camps are overcrowded and tensions are on the rise.
Camps are places.
Camps are remote, sometimes with a limited use of water and the obvious lack of toilet facilities.
Camps are responsible to be sure that they have specific policies written for their program.
Camps are seasonal so please call for dates and availability.
Camps are second messengers.
Camps are separate for boys and girls and are adjusted to age and skill levels.
Camps are seriously overcrowded with no space for new arrivals.
Camps are shelter.
Camps are sites.
Camps are the best way to motivate kids to higher levels of commitment in a short period of time.
Camps are the big summer activity that can be fun and rewarding.
Camps are the life of the outreach ministries of the church.
Camps are the third largest provider of youth services in the country.
Camps are three days in length.
Camps are to be established inside the rock rings.
Camps are top quality.
Camps are usually a half a day and end with lunch with the team.
Camps are very important, but it's the reality of the situation.
Camps are well equipped with only the highest quality outdoor gear.
Camps are well equipped.
Camps are wonderful.
Camps arrange housing and meals for international staff, often with host families.
Camps attract bears.
Camps begin on Saturdays and conclude on Wednesdays.
Camps bring information to area businesses.
Camps can be section, group, district, region, branch national or international.
Camps can be very instructive for children as in a group it is easier to change eating habits.
Camps can fit within any family's busy schedule.
Camps can offer insights and experiences with other runners from around the country.
Camps Click here for free downloadable books and software.
Camps Click on the listing number to see a photograph of the property.
Camps come in all forms and sizes.
Camps come in as many varieties as the campers do.
Camps commonly offer many types of early-bird incentives to parents and campers.
Camps comply with the health and safety regulations mandated by state and local officials.
Camps conclude with a free clinician-student performance at the end of each week.
Camps consist of tents or travel trailers.
Camps continue to be a popular outdoor experience, especially for youth.
Camps differ in their telephone rules.
Camps do fill, so register early.
Camps feature three sessions per day .
Camps feature visual art and music classes.
Camps fill fast, so register early.
Camps fill up quick so remember to register early.
Camps fill up quickly.
Camps have (part) bases.
Camps have (part) sections.
Camps have a commuter option.
Camps have a greater level of supervision.
Camps have facilities.
Camps have functions.
Camps have indoor washrooms and showers.
Camps have many different programs.
Camps have no fence, gates, watchtowers, walls, bars or guard patrols.
Camps have the look of a college campus or modern retirement home divided into dormitories or wings.
Camps Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Camps hold people.
Camps is right around the corner.
Camps keep busy swimming, playing basketball, baseball, softball, soccer, football.
Camps meet in a number of locations around the United States.
Camps normally arrange their own transport for visitors.
Camps normally run for a one-week period during the summer holiday season.
Camps now have a Mental program to give their campers.
Camps offer a unique experience for college students looking for outdoor summer employment.
Camps offer personalized instruction in a small group setting.
Camps Offer short-term instructional programs in American football, generally for kids and teens.
Camps pay a fee to be listed.
Camps pay nothing and add great value for campers, parents and staff.
Camps Provide at least one professional speaker per summer to talk at camp orientation.
Camps provide food, water and shelter for families evacuated from razed or unstable homes.
Camps provide many opportunities for learning.
Camps provide networking, skills and strategies for effective advocacy.
Camps provide room and board.
Camps range from basketball and canoeing to photography and science.
Camps range from sports, arts and crafts and music to cooking, swimming and a week on the farm.
Camps range in duration from one week to eight weeks.
Camps receive fire-safety evaluations by private firms at least once every two years.
Camps require a little more involvement most the time anyway.
Camps require advance registration and payment.
Camps run across the country.
Camps run anywhere from a few days to the entire summer season.
Camps run from one to two weeks depending upon age of students and objectives of the camp.
Camps run rain or shine and a full lunch is included daily.
Camps seem to be filling their registrations earlier each year.
Camps set up claims officers to patrol mines and settle disputes.
Camps solicit contributions from parents, businesses, organizations, or foundations.
Camps store, ice.
Camps stress individual skill instruction, as well as team game play.
Camps target all disciplines of skiing.
Camps teach children how to recognize their asthma triggers and how to use medication properly.
Camps teach children that they are neither handicapped nor alone.
Camps teach skills that lay the groundwork for becoming good actors.
Camps tend to be fully booked well in advance and some are provided only on an occasional basis.
Camps tend to be less expensive.
Camps tend to be single sex, but the mixed sex approach has been successful too.
Camps vary by age and content.
Camps vary in age requirements and price.
Camps vary in age requirements.
Camps vary in size and maximum camper occupancy.
Camps vary in the way the camp day is set up.
Camps Welcome to eteamz camps.
Camps often have the dual purpose of educating both patients and doctors.
Camps usually provide additional activities such as cultural events, excursions, etc.
Camps usually provide free meals and lodging for staff members.
Camps usually provide items such as paddles, life jackets, and arts and crafts materials.
All camp stoves, webers, and manufactured cooking fires are fine.
All camps are by reservations.
All camps are co-ed.
All camps are day camps only, no dormitories are available.
All camps are day or Residential.
All camps are for boys and girls.
All camps are for junior and senior high girls.
All camps are one-week long and each week has a different theme.
All camps are open to the general public.
All camps are overnight except where noted and the prices are for overnight campers.
All camps are quiet, small and privately owned.
All camps are semi-permanent.
All camps booked have a private mineral pool.
All camps cover time periods, themes, collections, and artists.
All camps emphasize sound fundamentals and performance strategies.
All camps focus on individual as well as team oriented skills.
All camps have a building or part of the mess hall or recreation room set aside for handicrafts.
All camps have a goalie school.
All camps have an emphasis on developing overall skiing skills while at camp.
All camps have complete food service and maintenance operations.
All camps have constant adult supervision.
All camps have electricity and are fully equipped with linen, crockery and cutlery.
All camps have fences, special razor ribbon, and some have electronic detection systems.
All camps have good restaurants, shops and grocery facilities.
All camps have individual application forms.
All camps have limited enrollment.
All camps have limited space and are filled first come, first serve.
All Camps have outdoor swimming pools on the property.
All camps have residential and commuter options.
All camps have their own small swimming pools, barbecue facilities and viewing decks.
All camps have their strengths and weaknesses.
All camps limit participants.
All camps meet together in the morning and late afternoon at each site.
All camps offer a program towards advancement.
All camps offer children an instructional period in addition to recreation.
All camps offer intensive training in all fundamental techniques of soccer.
All camps operate two week sessions.
All camps place an emphasis on learning by doing and self-esteem.
All camps promise an unforgettable music experience.
All camps provide a base camp site.
All camps provide beds with linens and blankets.
All camps require advance registration.
All camps require clothing be labeled.
All camps require extensive hiking, but the terrain is more rugged in some places than others.
Every camp has a central mess tent with dining table, and all meals are sit-down.
Every camp has a health clinic run by the agency.
Every camp has a host school or team.
Every camp has different requirements.
Every camp has to have an outdoor bar.
Every camp sends a list of things to bring to camp.
Many camp uses.
Many camps also welcome tent camping alone, with travel trailers and recreational vehicles.
Many camps are about who's the best dancer.
Many camps are in wooded areas with limited, if any, pavement or well-graded paths.
Many camps are now full and limited space is available for remaining weeks.
Many camps charge more.
Many camps encourage former campers to come back as paid counselors.
Many camps enjoy the luxury of portable generators to power small refrigerators and television sets.
Many camps fill quickly, so early registration is advised.
Many camps focus on diabetic self-care.
Many camps have children from local orphanages during the summer as well.
Many camps have school facilities.
Many camps hire college students as counselors.
Many camps maintain their own sites or are included in virtual directories of camps.
Many camps now rely on parent's insurance to pay for illness or injury incurred at camp.
Many camps offer a form of financial aid in the form of work detail- usually in the kitchen.
Many camps offer a wide selection of activities while others emphasize one.
Many camps offer day trips off the camp grounds.
Many camps offer scholarships.
Many camps offer trip and travel programs.
Many camps promote competition and friendly rivalry.
Many camps promote competition and healthy rivalry among camp teams, as reflected in team sports.
Many camps recoup their investment in service fees.
Most camps also have a no smoking policy.
Most camps are in remote areas and are difficult to reach during the rainy season.
Most camps are one-sport oriented.
Most camps attract bears.
Most camps fill very quickly but occasionally there are openings up until the date the camp begins.
Most camps have a special focus, or concentrate on a particular activity or activities.
Most camps have a wide assortment of outdoor activities, sports, and games.
Most camps have a wide variety of options and programming available to campers.
Most camps have access to rental facilities and sport shops.
Most camps have both minimum and maximum enrollment limitations.
Most camps have facilities.
Most camps have functions.
Most camps have games that can be varied from week to week.
Most camps have many physical and spiritual activities for kids of all ages.
Most camps have registered nurses or on-site doctors nearby.
Most camps have small swimming pools.
Most camps have the weekends free.
Most camps have toilet facilities, marked sites, and a nearby water source.
Most camps just throw the kids on the ice with a coach and think that's enough.
Most camps offer their pro or star as a guest speaker or to sign autographs.
Most camps provide general first aid products.
Most camps require a child to have a physical before camp.
Most camps require everyone to make their bed every morning.
Most camps serve ice cream as dessert at some meals, at parties, and on special occasions.
Most camps supply a list of recommended clothing that varies with the climate.
Most camps try to teach basic techniques while developing inadequate skills.
Some camps allow parents to visit at specified times.
Some camps also feature family retreats and parent-child weekends.
Some camps also offer programs featuring English as a second language.
Some camps are able to offer both activities.
Some camps are accessible by boat and the trip can be safari in itself.
Some camps are as large as small cities.
Some camps are big sandy beaches while others are grassy meadows beneath tall pine trees.
Some camps are dangerous locations, near to war zones or disputed borders.
Some camps are instructional and some are just play camps.
Some camps are luxurious and others are true camping experiences.
Some camps are therefore very Bible-oriented.
Some camps are too dangerous for children to be safe.
Some camps are very luxurious and others are true camping experiences.
Some camps are well run and supported and others are really humble.
Some camps are year-round and others have seasonal programs throughout the year.
Some camps bake the challah on parchment papers with the names on the paper.
Some camps call the building the health center, others the infirmary.
Some camps charge a small fee for each camper.
Some camps concentrate on one area like sports, the arts, academics, etc.
Some camps concentrate on one specific interest, such as baseball or creative arts or computers.
Some camps divide the groups by age and grade, others by English level.
Some camps do have a maximum limit.
Some camps even employ the services of a registered nurse.
Some camps even have classes for the entire family.
Some camps feature professional players and Olympic level athletes.
Some camps fill early.
Some camps fill quickly.
Some camps fill very quickly.
Some camps have a high risk of injury because of the nature of the activities provided.
Some camps have a special focus or theme - sports, music or foreign languages, for example.
Some camps have access to a swimming pool and after a tough session the pool can feel real good.
Some camps have air-conditioned accommodation.
Some camps have limited enrolment.
Some camps have luxury air-conditioned accommodation.
Some camps have teams.
Some camps involve assisting research in the Yucatan and in Belize.
Some camps know how to select, compensate, and care for a speaker . . .
Some camps limit the program to children with cancer.
Some camps offer classes in film development.
Some camps offer discounts to youth orchestra members and for additional camp weeks.
Some camps offer early registration fees at reduced rates.
Some camps offer financial aid.
Some camps offer fishing as an activity.
Some camps offer focus on hitting, catching or pitching.
Some camps offer hardware classes too.
Some camps offer job-training and other educational opportunities.
Some camps offer more of a babysitting service than a camp.
Some camps offer referral bonuses to former staff who bring a friend.
Some camps offer tuition discounts for referrals.
Some camps offer various forms of financial aid to help pay for the session.
Some camps possess horses.
Some camps prohibit any entry into water off camp property.
Some camps promote competitiveness while others focus on cooperative learning.
Some camps promote growth.
Some camps provide crockery, cutlery and basic cooking utensils.
Some camps provide little squares of paper.
Some camps require campers to wear uniforms.
Some camps require that all medications be dispensed through the camp infirmary.
Some camps run for only a week or two.
Some camps welcome groups and families during certain seasons, even year round.
Some camps work on daily first come, first serve basis or on a seniority program.
Campaign ads do influence voters.
Campaign advertising follows the same rules as regular advertising.
Campaign buttons can be relatively inexpensive and easy to acquire.
Campaign consultants can run more campaigns with direct mail and media.
Campaign consultants know that the easiest way to raise money is to raise donors' blood pressure.
Campaign contributions are essential for election and are clearly appreciated.
Campaign contributions are generally bipartisan.
Campaign contributions are just another sign of a serious candidate.
Campaign contributions are part of the political process.
Campaign contributions are really just the ante in a crapshoot.
Campaign contributions are the insignificant tip of the iceberg.
Campaign contributions are to be used solely for expenses directly related to the campaign.
Campaign contributions are up, votership is down, our democracy is in retreat.
Campaign contributions help explain at least part of the reason for their success.
Campaign contributions made in accordance with existing law are exempt.
Some campaign contributions represent extortion.
Campaign expenses are unusually low because most of the work is voluntary.
Campaign finance gets a thorough going over.
Campaign finance goes global.
Campaign finance has a huge affect on elections.
Campaign finance is a classic case.
Campaign finance is a complicated subject, and can be confusing to the uninitiated.
Campaign finance is a difficult, complicated issue.
Campaign finance is a no less acute, and no less persistent, problem.
Campaign finance is another hot-button issue for the national media.
Campaign finance is one of the most important civil rights issues of our time.
Campaign finance is speech.
Campaign finance is the equivalent of freedom of speech.
Campaign finance reports.
Campaign finance serves as a respectable diversion.
All campaign finance is legalized bribery.
Campaign financing goes to the heart of the value and integrity of our political system.
Campaign financing is one of the most important influencing factors in our government today.
Campaign funds are perhaps the most vital campaign resource.
Campaign groups can sometimes get money from unions.
Campaign management is expensive.
Campaign management is hard work, but extremely rewarding.
Campaign management requires some type of customer-centric database or datamart.
Campaign managers can work long hours when starting a campaign or during difficult times.
Campaign managers tailor their responses in locally appropriate media.
Campaign mode is enjoyable but a bit too random at times.
Campaign mode is nothing more than a list of missions.
Campaign mode is only slightly less disappointing.
Most campaign speeches are boring.
Campaign staffs are long accustomed to worrying about getting their candidate on the evening news.
A campaign is a race
Campaign aims to torpedo scab excuses.
Campaign begins with donor breakfast and lasts for one month.
Campaign consists of education, awareness and enforcement.
Campaign finds in-home heroes.
Campaign focuses on finances .
Campaign goes on for ex-detainees .
Campaign grows at Occold site .
Campaign is a fight against a proposal to build a juvenile detention center.
Campaign is a series of philosophical questions.
Campaign is a work of art.
Campaign is also under holding at any time.
Campaign is an effort of the mind.
Campaign is certainly a book that examines human fears and failings.
Campaign is implemented through the use of regional coalitions.
Campaign is indispensable.
Campaign is no mere e-mail merge program.
Campaign is off the launch pad.
Campaign is planned to encourage more participation.
Campaign is poetry - pure and simple.
Campaign is poetry and there is no clear cut interpretation.
Campaign is pure artistry.
Campaign is ready.
Campaign is the single largest public awareness project ever undertaken by the broadcast industry.
Campaign is the single player mode involving varying missions and tasks.
Campaign is underway.
Campaign isa contest.
Campaign loses in South Dakota.
Campaign provides motivation.
Campaign refers to multi-battle refights.
Campaign runs until the end of the year.
Campaign see Advertising campaign .
Campaign starts with students .
Campaign succeeds at both.
Campaign takes Doctor Who themes and characters to another level.
Campaign touts the benefits of folic acid.
Campaign update Nothing to add on the French warship front, all quiet on board.
Campaign uses multimedia to reach wide audience across Southeast Asia.
Campaign works with many tobacco prevention programs.
Campaigns are a basic tool of such a communication strategy.
Campaigns are a definite part of the public policy process.
Campaigns are a series of operations played one after another.
Campaigns are a way of focussing priorities and putting ideas into action.
Campaigns are about ideas and visions.
Campaigns are about the truth.
Campaigns are active in most states.
Campaigns are also a natural springboard to larger annual gifts.
Campaigns are also misnamed.
Campaigns are always short on money, and volunteers are the heart and soul of most efforts.
Campaigns are as nasty as ever.
Campaigns are by their nature partisan.
Campaigns are by their very nature imperfect projects.
Campaigns are cleaner, with less mud-slinging, because candidates have to run on the issues.
Campaigns are commonplace in the People's Republic.
Campaigns are costly.
Campaigns are doable, self supporting and gain momentum.
Campaigns are effective when established goals and metrics are used to chart the progress.
Campaigns are expedition.
Campaigns are expensive.
Campaigns are famous for building community and stakeholders in an organization's mission.
Campaigns are full of changes and twists and turns.
Campaigns are full of surprises.
Campaigns are fun and foster team spirit throughout an organization.
Campaigns are fundamentally event-driven and chaotic.
Campaigns are great.
Campaigns are increasingly negative.
Campaigns are individual appeals to individual demographic groupings within individual states.
Campaigns are like mob quests but involve multiple victims and are much harder.
Campaigns are open until all clicks are delivered.
Campaigns are operations.
Campaigns are projects.
Campaigns are recruitment tools.
Campaigns are reluctant to discuss ad strategies, and many are still surveying the field.
Campaigns are simple to create and easy to maintain.
Campaigns are simply a group of banners specific to an advertiser.
Campaigns are specialists in lying with statistics.
Campaigns are too long and expensive.
Campaigns are tremendously expensive.
Campaigns are under way to get community support from a number of areas.
Campaigns are underway among public-sector workers who met with Ohio school participants.
Campaigns are underway for a museum endowment fund and a building expansion fund .
Campaigns are underway in more cities as well.
Campaigns are underway now.
Campaigns are underway to raise public awareness of the detrimental effects of child labor.
Campaigns are ventures.
Campaigns are very complex systems - like the weather.
Campaigns begin eighteen months before the reunion and conclude shortly after the fall reunions.
Campaigns build recognition for a party's stands and draw recruits.
Campaigns can achieve more.
Campaigns can be fascinating.
Campaigns can be fun when there are lots of people involved.
Campaigns can be fun.
Campaigns can be tricky things.
Campaigns can begin delivering immediately.
Campaigns can expire based on number of impressions, number of click throughs, or by date.
Campaigns can include multiple ad groupings.
Campaigns can last for quite some time.
Campaigns can last from several months to several years.
Campaigns can only highlight, define and sharpen an image that has been built over time.
Campaigns can save considerable communication costs and they can use the Internet for organization.
Campaigns can save considerable communication costs, and they can use the Internet for organization.
Campaigns can target consumers based on advertising needs and budgets.
Campaigns certainly are a learning opportunity.
Campaigns continue after the polling sites are closed.
Campaigns continue in following years.
Campaigns continue to target halal and kosher religious ritual slaughter.
Campaigns cost money - big money.
Campaigns cost money.
Campaigns cost time and money up front.
Campaigns cost too much money.
Campaigns cost too much.
Campaigns decrying maintenance are nothing new.
Campaigns demand debt relief for the poorest countries.
Campaigns do a whole lot more investigative reporting than investigative reporters do.
Campaigns do it all the time.
Campaigns do that.
Campaigns ebb and flow like the tides.
Campaigns even attack the legislative institution and process.
Campaigns float names of popular politicians in a region in an effort to gain votes there.
Campaigns focus on trust and character rather than on policy issues.
Campaigns have no such priorities.
Campaigns help business.
Campaigns include adventures.
Campaigns last approximately one week.
Campaigns like to suggest comparisons with past elections.
Campaigns promote positive alternatives to polluting practices and consumer items.
Campaigns receive goods such as artwork or other items with considerable monetary value.
Campaigns regularly restructure loans.
Campaigns require attention to detail.
Campaigns require focus, singular concentration.
Campaigns require leadership time.
Campaigns result in development.
Campaigns run in the autumn and spring terms and last from five to six weeks.
Campaigns seem endless, and more heat than light is generated by the sixty second spots.
Campaigns serve a crucial function, they allow voters to make more enlightened voting decisions.
Campaigns spend a fortune to put the signs up and cities pay a fortune to take the signs down.
Campaigns Stay hot on the trail.
Campaigns take place in two theaters.
Campaigns tend to be issue oriented rather than popularity contests.
Campaigns tend to lead one right into the next.
Campaigns There are a lot of great sites dealing with animal rights.
Campaigns thus are more or less like beauty contests.
Campaigns turn into spectacles of dueling peccadilloes and mutual muckraking.
Campaigns typically begin within two weeks.
Campaigns use same ads with only the name of the target changing.
Campaigns vary by market.
Campaigns vary in how they distribute case statements.
Campaigns working with children and young people require constant reviewing.
Campaigns often combine promoting sustainable agriculture with restricted pesticide use.
Campaigns sometimes try to release their canvass results under the guise of research.
Campaigns usually handle one strategic aspect of a war.
Campaigns usually last between three and six months, and the fees vary.
Campaigns usually take months.
All campaigns claim to be diverse, but few are.
All campaigns consist of a rotation between the lead and anchor positions.
All campaigns occur within a context.
All campaigns revolve a central theme or message.
Any campaign has a slogan.
Any campaign has opinions about what they think is right in a community.
Any campaign needs good backdrops, scripts, supporting characters, and props.
Any campaign tends to be composed of four distinct types of workers.
Every campaign deserves a soul-bearing, honest autopsy.
Every campaign is different.
Every campaign is unique and no two gaming experiences are the same.
Every campaign needs a leader.
Every campaign needs a start date.
Every campaign needs many volunteers to be successful.
Every campaign needs professional assistance from time to time.
Every campaign offers a solution.
Every campaign produces more losers than winners.
Many campaigns also wish to support other projects.
Many campaigns are very similar, regardless of the country in which they are being run.
More campaigns are currently under development.
Most campaign fundraising scandals involve soft money.
Most campaigns allow banner as well as text links.
Most campaigns also have a finance committee which is part of the campaign committee.
Most campaigns are on track and ready to go on their missions.
Most campaigns avoid coming out, way out.
Most campaigns grow when more choices are added.
Most campaigns have many chefs messing with the broth, diffusing blame and credit alike.
Most campaigns have the reports computerized.
Most campaigns help business.
Most campaigns make sure their workers are aware of posting regulations.
Most campaigns now have such answers prepared in advance.
Most campaigns result in development.
Most campaigns still work better with the telephone than by email.
Most campaigns target specific areas.
Some campaigns are high profile, such as road safety.
Some campaigns cause injuries.
Some campaigns create chaos.
Some campaigns demonstrate consumption.
Some campaigns dribble their signs up slowly over a period of weeks.
Some campaigns feature women.
Some campaigns focus on the particulars of specific policy proposals.
Some campaigns go as far as to print a voters name and address on an absentee ballot application.
Some campaigns go even further to save money.
Some campaigns have consequences.
Some campaigns have have impact.
Some campaigns involve mailings of half-million to ten million or more letters.
Some campaigns lead to creations.
Some campaigns produce more than one case statement.
Some campaigns raise awareness.
Some campaigns reduce consumption.
Some campaigns reduce tobacco consumption.
Some campaigns rely on a chain letter s potential.
Some campaigns rely on converting rich media file formats to self-running files.
Some campaigns result in establishments.
Some campaigns tend to send out spokespeople.
Some campaigns use power.
A campaigner is a politician
Campaigner dies A leading campaigner on Gulf War Syndrome has died of the sickness.
Campaigner s is a weekly small group Bible study.
Campaigner wants fair go for disabled nudists.
Campaigners appreciate that there are many challenges still to be faced along the way.
Campaigners are available in Montreal for comment and briefings in English, French and Spanish.
Campaigners are concerned at the effect such behaviour has on women's sexual health.
Campaigners are obdurate, nevertheless.
Campaigners are often enough forced to decide quickly which company to take on in a campaign.
Campaigners are politicians.
Campaigners argue that brain damage and a rare disease contributed to the crime.
Campaigners argue that the government needs to do more to encourage women to breastfeed.
Campaigners call for a global moratorium on cluster bombs.
Campaigners claim the drug is useful in treating depression and other mood disorders.
Campaigners claim the list paints a misleading picture of the success of Britain's Asian community.
Campaigners claim they are reflecting huge fears among the public.
Campaigners concentrate on the lifestyle of an army on campaign.
Campaigners consistently preen for the camera with mud slinging shows.
Campaigners fear that explicit guidelines mark the first step towards legalised euthanasia.
Campaigners feel the case marked a victory.
Campaigners have to take it into their own hands and stop the crop themselves.
Campaigners maintain that a full hearing is necessary for justice to be served.
Campaigners plan to appeal.
Campaigners point to new development plans as evidence of corruption in the democratic process.
Campaigners realise how complicated the issues around trafficking are.
Campaigners say exposure to depleted uranium is partly to blame for the recent deaths.
Campaigners say stories of intimidation have been exaggerated.
Campaigners say they shouldn t come by car in the first place.
Campaigners see court's decision as a victory for nature reserves threatened by property developers.
Campaigners use their methods of persuasion to sway voters to their side.
Campaigners vote and also participate in conflictual political activities, such as campaigns.
Some campaigners are prepared to use tactics that are illegal.
Some campaigners come from rich families and use their inheritance to follow their dream.
Some campaigners see signs of hope in the tone of the debate.
Campaigning are campaigns.
Campanile hotels are all very similar, offering excellent value and convenience.
A campanula is a herb
Campanula rapunculoides creeping bellflower Along trail.
Campanula rotundifolia .
Campbell clinic dispenses toothbrushes and teaches anger management to keep children out of gangs.
Campbell instruments are the standard data gatherer in weather stations.
Campbell operations are private and taxable.
Campeche isa thing.
Camper top needs repair.
Camper vans can use the inn's car park.
A camper is a person
Camper becomes ill and a doctor's written confirmation is given to the council.
Camper has bowel and kidney function and control.
Camper has propane heat, stove,bbq grille and all cooking utensils needed.
Camper have fun fishing and just being at camp.
Camper is design with a comfortable twist and a wink.
Camper is one of the strongest design-led footwear companies on the planet at the moment.
Camper is responsible for getting to and from camp each day.
Camper is responsible for keeping room door locked.
Camper isa individual.
Camper isa person.
Camper isa somebody.
Camper isa someone.
Camper needs to demonstrate emotional stability and maturity.
Camper needs to walk to shower house, bathroom, and dining facilities.
Camper pick up time at close of camp.
Camper provides own sleeping bag, backpack, and other gear.
Camper speaks like the way many people ought to write.
Camper stand up versions also available.
Campers age thirteen through sixteen select a specialization program.
Campers ages nine and under follow a meaningful but less technical schedule.
Campers already pay a fee to stay the night in improved facilities at the lake.
Campers also care about what time of day the different weather conditions occur.
Campers also compete in team games such as kickball, soccer, and softball throughout the summer.
Campers also develop their skills and teamwork several times a day during league play.
Campers also engage in other types of fishing, boating, swimming, and hiking above the dam.
Campers also enjoy crafts and other organized program activities.
Campers also enjoy frequent visits from women scientists, technology experts and other role models.
Campers also enjoy hayrides, trail rides, and horseback cookout trips.
Campers also enjoy open gym and free time, crafts, creative brain games, and movies.
Campers also experience the collaboration that can lead to better buildings.
Campers also get an opportunity to canoe the nearby Moose River.
Campers also go swimming twice weekly and take a field trip.
Campers also have a reading period to prepare for the next day of class before bedtime.
Campers also have another option.
Campers also have the opportunity to participate in the event.
Campers also learn basic rope handling, terrain evaluation and avalanche safety awareness.
Campers also learn basic rope handling, terrain evaluation, and avalanche safety awareness.
Campers also learn to develop values such as caring, honesty, respect and responsibility.
Campers also participate in Bible studies, worship, swimming and cook-outs.
Campers also participate in daily recreational activities.
Campers also participate in two dance classes per day.
Campers also perform a spirit routine on the field with the Snake Charmers at the Cobras' home game.
Campers also play improvisational theater games to enhance their performing and storytelling skills.
Campers also play the banjo and guitar.
Campers also receive a course-book that they can during camp and as a resource once camp concludes.
Campers also receive an information package.
Campers also receive instruction in emergency procedures and safe hiking practices.
Campers also seem more laid back in fall.
Campers also spend time swimming, participating on challenge course and many other camp activities.
Campers also use computer flight simulators.
Campers also use the indoor pool facility on campus.
Campers also work with ceramics, string art, and woodworking.
Campers apparently enjoy long, complex, run-on sentences.
Campers are a part of the game.
Campers are also limited to one vehicle per site.
Campers are also welcome to pack non-perishable snacks and lunches.
Campers are auto parts.
Campers are busy with hands-on projects, animal care, and recycling.
Campers are certain to receive expert training.
Campers are close to nature in a quiet bushland setting.
Campers are currently in classes and sectionals seven hours a day.
Campers are exciting for another exciting meal in the cafeteria.
Campers are familiar with the thieving jays, often called camp robbers, who never pass up a handout.
Campers are financially responsible for any damage to school or camp property.
Campers are free to roam the farm, see the farming operation and enjoy the animals.
Campers are free to wear what they want at the waterfronts as well.
Campers are from the Manhattan, Bergen County areas.
Campers are generally very helpful and anxious to offer suggestions.
Campers are hard at work interviewing SAs and writing their bios.
Campers are humans.
Campers are in a unique position to help meet mission needs.
Campers are in cabin groups determined by age, gender, and parental requests.
Campers are limited to a stay of two consecutive weeks.
Campers are limited to a total of four nights.
Campers are limited to eight people, two tents and one vehicle per site.
Campers are located in forests.
Campers are more involved in music if they can play along.
Campers are more likely to share their feelings and listen better while huddling over a warm fire.
Campers are more than welcome to enjoy the sauna, beach, paddleboat, canoe and our recreation room.
Campers are never without supervision.
Campers are only there for a week or two, and yet it provides a well of memories for months to come.
Campers are quick to tell visitors how many years they have been attending the camp.
Campers are recreational vehicles.
Campers are responsible for any and all medical expenses incurred during camp.
Campers are responsible for attending their classes at all times.
Campers are responsible for bringing their trash to the central dumpster.
Campers are responsible for keeping bunks neat and clean.
Campers are responsible for maintaining clean camps at all times.
Campers are responsible for providing their own lunches.
Campers are responsible for refilling pitchers, getting more water, or carving seconds.
Campers are responsible for registering their visitors.
Campers are responsible for the removal and proper disposal of pet feces at campsites.
Campers are responsible for the transportation and care of their equipment at all times.
Campers are responsible for their guests and their children.
Campers are responsible for their guests.
Campers are responsible for their own health and accident insurance.
Campers are responsible for their own housing.
Campers are responsible for their own Internet access costs.
Campers are responsible for their own lunch.
Campers are responsible for their own money.
Campers are responsible for their own transportation to and from camp.
Campers are responsible for their own transportation.
Campers are responsible for their own valuables.
Campers are responsible for their personal items at all times.
Campers are responsible for their pets at all times.
Campers are responsible for transportation and meals.
Campers are responsible to bring bedding, towels and toiletries.
Campers are right on target at archery class.
Campers are skills tested and placed in a group of similar age and ability.
Campers are supervised day and night at all sessions as well as in the dormitory.
Campers are sure to have a memorable experience.
Campers are to bring a bag lunch each day.
Campers are to keep a quiet, low-profile.
Campers are to provide their own bedding or sleeping bags.
Campers are under the care of a dispensary headed by a registered nurse.
Campers are usually of primary school age.
Campers are vacationers.
Campers are very friendly people.
Campers are video taped, analyzed and evaluated.
Campers are volunteers who plan to do painting, some landscaping, and assist with remodeling.
Campers are welcome at no extra charge.
Campers are welcome in the Park.
Campers are welcome regardless of sex, age, color, race, creed, religion or nationality.
Campers are welcome to attend both sessions.
Campers are welcome to bring their own boats.
Campers are welcome to bring their own lunch.
Campers are welcome to come for both weeks of camp.
Campers are welcome to commute and enjoy the park activities.
Campers are welcome to enjoy all the other park amenities as well.
Campers are welcome to full use of facilities at the family campground.
Campers are welcome to pitch a tent at any of the more secluded sites around the lake.
Campers are welcome to register for double sessions within their age group.
Campers are welcome to stay the weekend at the fire hall.
Campers are welcome to visit the artists to learn more about various painting techniques.
Campers are welcome, some facilities are available.
Campers are welcome.
Campers are well supervised by Sandy Hill staff at all times.
Campers are, however, encouraged to sign up for several different programs.
Campers arrive in the evening.
Campers arrive on the first day and begin the water polo instruction program immediately.
Campers arrive to either plan their own projects or create layouts based on patterns available.
Campers ask parents permission to be listed.
Campers assist in preparation of snacks in the instructional kitchen once a week.
Campers assist their counselors in scheduling and making everyday village decisions.
Campers associate with other burn survivors and help encourage one another.
Campers attend all the activities offered.
Campers attend at no charge.
Campers attend classes, take part in jam sessions, and sometimes even enjoy the outdoors.
Campers attend five classes a day, each with a different theme.
Campers attend for seven or four weeks.
Campers attend for three, six or nine weeks.
Campers attend one or two weeks.
Campers attend three hours of academic classes per school day in a school building on camp property.
Campers attend three programs in the morning and four in the afternoon.
Campers attend workshops in photography, fashion, dance and computers.
Campers attend writing workshops in both fiction and poetry.
Campers become close buddies.
Campers become part of a thriving Jewish community.
Campers become responsible for a horse, which includes feeding, grooming, and riding.
Campers become responsible for a horse, which includes, feeding, grooming, and riding.
Campers begin each day with individual training and technical skill enhancement.
Campers begin the session sitting at tables with their hutmates and counselor.
Campers blossom through the magic of the camper-counselor relationship.
Campers bring a covered dish.
Campers bring a sack lunch and drink for a break during the middle of a session.
Campers bring a sack lunch.
Campers bring a snack and a drink.
Campers bring all gear including detergents, toilet papar and toilet articles, bedding, etc.
Campers bring all gear including detergents, toilet paper and toilet articles, bedding, etc.
Campers bring an adult and try new things away from home.
Campers bring either sleeping bags or bed linens.
Campers bring everything else, from utensils to bedding.
Campers bring lunch and snacks for most trips.
Campers bring lunch.
Campers bring lunches and drinks.
Campers bring only simple clothing and warm sleeping gear.
Campers bring their laundry to our in-camp laundry service once a week at breakfast.
Campers bring their lunch and drink.
Campers bring their lunch and picnic together each day.
Campers bring their lunches to camp every day, preferably in a soft lunch box.
Campers bring their lunches while fruit punch and other refreshments are provided.
Campers bring their lunches.
Campers bring their own coolers, sports drinks, and lunch.
Campers bring their own linens and camp cooking equipment.
Campers bring their own lunch each day.
Campers bring their own lunch, batting helmets, bats and gloves.
Campers bring their own lunch.
Campers bring their own lunches.
Campers bring their own sack lunches each day.
Campers build faith in themselves and trust in others . . .
Campers build lasting friendships that flourish and grow with each new summer session.
Campers build, craft, paint, and launch their rockets under the carefull eye of our staff.
Campers bunk in a space habitat and eat freeze-dried food.
Campers can advance as quickly as they can learn the material.
Campers can advance as their skills improve.
Campers can also bring their own styles to share.
Campers can also enjoy water polo and other pool games.
Campers can also participate in a weekly play put on for the camp as well as a talent show.
Campers can also sign up for half-day sessions.
Campers can also swim in the camp swimming pool or take a dip in the stream.
Campers can also use free time to rest in their cabins or email home.
Campers can also volunteer to help look after the animals.
Campers can attend for one or more weeks or for the entire five-week season.
Campers can attend one or more of the ten sessions that are offered.
Campers can attend the first week only, or both weeks.
Campers can become a junior astronaut and explore day, night and space through hands-on projects.
Campers can bring spending money to camp at the parents discretion.
Campers can bring their own lunch or pizza, snacks and drinks can be purchased.
Campers can bring their own tents or hire a tent on the island .
Campers can bring their own tents or hire a tent on the island.
Campers can buy fresh water and propane from trucks that make the rounds in the campground.
Campers can canoe, springboard dive, play water polo, water games and water basketball.
Campers can choose between a vast assortment of wild forests and desert campgrounds.
Campers can choose between campgrounds and dispersed camping.
Campers can choose either English or Western Riding.
Campers can choose from pizza, sandwiches, nachos, snacks, fruit drinks and soda.
Campers can choose to focus only on computers or choose a combination of computers and sports.
Campers can choose to participate in a wide variety of exciting activities.
Campers can collect dead and down wood elsewhere.
Campers can communicate year-round with friends they've made over the Internet.
Campers can cut along the drawn lines to make their own glasses.
Campers can deposit and withdraw money daily, starting the first day of camp.
Campers can do volunteer work in area nursing homes, food banks, and shelters.
Campers can easily walk to the nearby stores in town.
Campers can enjoy a wide range of other fun activities too.
Campers can enjoy full-facility camping, just a short walk from the lake.
Campers can enjoy the boat launch and swimming area.
Campers can enroll for one, two, or three sessions.
Campers can expect to be on ice approximately four hours per day.
Campers can find a weekend or weekday retreat at the Oxbow campground.
Campers can find the broadest palette of camp-facilities.
Campers can go fishing, boating, swimming, and use the playground area.
Campers can have lots of fun with water outside of the pool, too.
Campers can individually go through each hike or hikes can be a group activity.
Campers can make arrangements to be picked up along the normal route of any trip.
Campers can make campsite reservations online.
Campers can make purchases with a limit on candy.
Campers can minimize the impact they make, however.
Campers can moor their boats by the dam during their stay.
Campers can now work on their backhand while designing a Web page.
Campers can participate in adventure based activities through our ropes course program.
Campers can participate in any one of the eight clinics below.
Campers can participate in as many weeks as they choose.
Campers can participate in the excitement of many activities at camp, including swimming.
Campers can pitch a tent and stay the night nearby on the river.
Campers can progress from beginner to advanced at their own rate of speed.
Campers can receive instruction in one or more areas.
Campers can relax at developed sites or rough it in the backcountry.
Campers can relax at the river, a short five-minute walk away.
Campers can relax in nature and still be within a short drive of several historic and natural areas.
Campers can remain in camp to explore the terrain or travel to nearby beaches to fish and swim.
Campers can rent a site in the park.
Campers can reserve a site by calling no later than noon the day prior to arrival.
Campers can reserve meals at Phantom Ranch in advance.
Campers can reserve sites in two of the four diverse campgrounds.
Campers can reside in residence halls or commute.
Campers can select the areas they want to explore more in-depth.
Campers can show off their new expertise in skills and strategy with interactive groups.
Campers can sign up for day sessions or board overnight.
Campers can sign up for electives at camp.
Campers can spend their money as they please.
Campers can stake their claims at two county forest preserves.
Campers can stay a maximum of three nights at each site.
Campers can stay only one night at each area.
Campers can stay overnight at four of the islands.
Campers can stay overnight on campus or be a commuter camper.
Campers can stay up to four nights in a row.
Campers can still use coleman- style stoves for cooking.
Campers can take advantage of primitive or electric sites, long-term campsites and group campsites.
Campers can take advantage of tent and trailer campsites or winterized cabins.
Campers can take along friends because the camp needs so many volunteers.
Campers can take courses in boats, sailing, seamanship, and navigation.
Campers can then use information from their Web site to create and update a camp newsletter.
Campers can think about organisms as systems in which coded information is shared in genes.
Campers can trout fish right from their creekside campsite.
Campers can try something new or hone their skills in their favorite activity.
Campers can use gas and propane cook-stoves and barbecues only.
Campers can use information from their own Web site to create and update a camp newsletter.
Campers can use toilets and showers at the retreat house and participate in all the same activities.
Campers can usually collect down wood unless otherwise posted.
Campers can utilize the covered deck, fire ring, and picnic table with which each cabin is equipped.
Campers can visit the canteen daily while learning new crafts.
Campers can wander the trails or enjoy the water from daylight to dark.
Campers can watch mountain goats graze on the steep slopes overlooking the campground.
Campers can watch shuttle launches from the park.
Campers can work on passing the levels of certification offered by that organization.
Campers challenge themselves and learn to work as a group on our rigorous ropes course.
Campers choose a major live-in air conditioned residence hall.
Campers choose activities daily.
Campers choose among the specialty areas of horseback riding , dance , art , or swimming .
Campers choose five activities a day for each of the seven days.
Campers choose four activities to be involved in each day, over the course of the session.
Campers choose four one-hour periods of class instruction every two weeks.
Campers choose from a creative array of outdoor activities.
Campers choose from a list of activities for their main activities schedule.
Campers choose from a wide range of activities within a basic framework.
Campers choose from a wide variety of traditional activities, with special programs for teens.
Campers choose from nine summer sessions.
Campers choose six classes while they are at camp.
Campers choose the activities they want to do and are guided by trained camp staff and counsellors.
Campers choose their activities daily, so each day is a new adventure.
Campers choose their activities daily.
Campers choose their activities on a weekly basis from more than fifty electives.
Campers choose their five daily classes once a week.
Campers choose their meals, supervised by their counselors.
Campers choose their own activities daily, rather than being sent to pre-scheduled activities.
Campers choose their own activities for a fun-filled summer.
Campers choose their own activities.
Campers choose their site once they arrive.
Campers choose two activities in the morning, two in the afternoon and one in the evening.
Campers choose up to six activities daily based on individual interests.
Campers choose what's best.
Campers choose where to go each period.
Campers come from a wide range of backgrounds.
Campers come from all over Oklahoma.
Campers come from all over the Boston area.
Campers come from all over the southeast for day and overnight camps.
Campers come from all parts of the country.
Campers come from different backgrounds and have different value systems.
Campers come from Presbyterian churches, sister churches in other states, and other denominations.
Campers come to camp to have fun.
Campers come to camp to play basketball.
Campers come to camps.
Campers come to Long Lake to get involved and perform regularly.
Campers come with a variety of musical experience.
Campers complete all requirements leading to open water dives.
Campers continue for two more miles to the first campsites.
Campers continue to ask for the same staff to return because of their skills as coaches.
Campers continue to be eligible through the summer of their high school graduation.
Campers continue to expand their skills by building expert level rockets and airplanes.
Campers cook at their spot.
Campers create sculptures, mugs, bowls, tiles and other special projects.
Campers create shows on video that are presented weekly to campers and staff.
Campers daily divide their time between land and water activities.
Campers design an individual daily activity schedule suiting their personal interests and talents.
Campers design and build a set and edit the movie on the computer.
Campers design, construct or decorate projects that foster their creativity and self expression.
Campers desiring to stay for a single night are always welcome without reservations.
Campers develop enhanced self-esteem which carries over to work, home, or school environments.
Campers develop self-confidence whether they are at the beginner level or advanced level.
Campers develop skills in canoeing, navigation, fire-building, outdoor cooking, safety and survival.
Campers develop social relationships through group living, mutual aid and friendship.
Campers develop their own society, complete with flag, and currency.
Campers dine together, eating their meals in a dining room instead of in their rooms.
Campers discover an entirely different world as they prowl the zoo in the dark.
Campers discover new experiences, new friends, and new ideas.
Campers discover the joy of learning, a lesson they'll never forget.
Campers discover their own and others' importance as they live, work, play and worship together.
Campers divide into small groups for special study topics.
Campers do everything from singing and dancing to making sets and costumes.
Campers do hands-on activities and take field trips.
Campers do it in a tent.
Campers do look forward to hearing from their parents while at camp.
Campers do pay a fee to attend a camping event.
Campers don t have to pick one over the other.
Campers don t stay up late in such weather.
Campers dress casually.
Campers drink thirstily, their meals augmented by the forbidden fruit juice.
Campers earn skill awards.
Campers eat delicious meals in modern college dining halls.
Campers eat family style with their own cabin group.
Campers eat healthy, well-balanced meals with their counselors and cabin group.
Campers eat in a dining hall.
Campers eat meals in the large central dining hall.
Campers eat their meals in the spacious dining hall .
Campers eat with cabin mates in a beautiful dining hall.
Campers engage oneanother in team-building games.
Campers enjoy a fun-filled chance to let their creative and inventive juices flow.
Campers enjoy a variety of facilities in the parish and nearby areas.
Campers enjoy a variety of great recreational activities to make their week a memorable experience.
Campers enjoy activities as tent groups, which allows camp programming to be age appropriate.
Campers enjoy an extensive lunch and snack program.
Campers enjoy breathtaking mountain views and serene peacefulness.
Campers enjoy clean and spacious campsites with easy access to the river and beach.
Campers enjoy delicious wholesome meals served cafeteria style.
Campers enjoy electrical hook ups and modern facilities.
Campers enjoy fishing ponds, miniature golf, driving range, and picnic area.
Campers enjoy free entertainment and activities.
Campers enjoy frequent cookouts, barbecues, and picnics.
Campers enjoy hearing from home too.
Campers enjoy living in clean, rustic cabins.
Campers enjoy making candles in the sand.
Campers enjoy making various crafts during funshops.
Campers enjoy skill development while making friends and having a great time.
Campers enjoy some science experiments.
Campers enjoy supervised enviroment with games, puzzles, and quiet activities.
Campers enjoy swimming, boating, canoeing, crafts, camping trips and much more.
Campers enjoy swimming, boating, sailing, volleyball, horseshoes, and hiking.
Campers enjoy swimming, canoeing, horseback riding, tennis, archery and more.
Campers enjoy the dense woodlands and beautiful scenery.
Campers enjoy the extended overnight experience in the outdoors that resident camp provides.
Campers enjoy the farm animals, garden, hikes in the preserve, crafts and games.
Campers enjoy the opportunity to relax and socialize as a group.
Campers enjoy the water during the hot summer months.
Campers enjoy the water weeny, bumper tube, skiing and slalomming.
Campers enjoy three hot, nutritious, meals each day.
Campers enjoy three meals each day in the school's main dining hall.
Campers enjoy three nutritious meals daily.
Campers enjoy trying out the new kayaks in the James River.
Campers enjoy weekly field trips to everyone's favorite destinations.
Campers enter the tent and deposit their card in the envelope of their club of choice.
Campers even make their own yogourt and liquid nitrogen ice cream.
Campers experience a variety of fitness activities and indoor sports where team work is stressed.
Campers experience four days of fun and fellowship that include instruction in all camp activities.
Campers experience many new and exciting activities each and every day.
Campers experience the connections between reading, writing, and all kinds of learning.
Campers experience the crafts, festivals and foods of the Sunshine State.
Campers experience the independence of planning each day.
Campers explore a variety of marine habitats, hunt for fossils, study marine mammals, etc.
Campers explore Jewish culture, history and values.
Campers explore plants and animals from all over the world and across time.
Campers explore science by doing hands-on activities that bring science and the books alive.
Campers explore self-expression through music, dance, drama, and performances.
Campers explore such topics as endangered species and animal care.
Campers explore the island on foot or bicycle.
Campers explore topics that build upon their unique learning styles, strength, and interests.
Campers feel at home with caring counselors and nurturing, professional leadership.
Campers fill their days with swimming, tennis, computer labs, dance and music.
Campers fill their elective period with selections that change from week to week.
Campers find it very exciting, challenging, and rewarding.
Campers follow a path up a grassy hill, through the woods to our sandy beach.
Campers follow their schedule for a week or more.
Campers form new friendships, participating in activities with their peers.
Campers gain confidence and mobility skills and enjoy a lifetime of memories.
Campers gather in the dining hall for meals to foster an additional sense of community.
Campers generally wear typical summer clothing of their choice.
Campers get a free soccer ball and t-shirt.
Campers get a storybook to take home along with other goodies.
Campers get a supervised, satisfying, nutritional diet.
Campers get a taster for the reptile show.
Campers get an excellent opportunity to spend time with our players, on and off the court.
Campers get plenty of opportunities to let their hair down.
Campers get to challenge themselves and test their limits in a fun, safe environment.
Campers get to know their environment and their role in it.
Campers get to meet our staff members and directors as well as other new campers.
Campers get to see it all.
Campers get to sing at campfire and dress up in crazy costumes for theme-night dances.
Campers go according to their grade level, at different times throughout the summer.
Campers go home in the evening, use the park's overnight camping option, or stay at a local hotel.
Campers go home singing camp songs and repeating stories told at camp.
Campers go on a different trip each day.
Campers go swimming daily under the supervision of a certified waterfront staff.
Campers go through an orientation session and are introduced to the entire staff.
Campers go to camps.
Campers have (part) arms.
Campers have (part) body substances.
Campers have (part) cell membranes.
Campers have (part) cells.
Campers have (part) corpi.
Campers have (part) cytoplasm.
Campers have (part) heads.
Campers have (part) human bodies.
Campers have (part) legs.
Campers have (part) material bodies.
Campers have (part) necks.
Campers have (part) nuclei.
Campers have (part) personality.
Campers have (part) plasma membranes.
Campers have (part) sections.
Campers have (part) vacuoles.
Campers have a choice of two campgrounds one perched on the ridge and one nestled near the lake.
Campers have a refreshing break under the falls along the New River.
Campers have a wide array of activities to choose from led by experienced staff.
Campers have access to a coin laundry, a recreation room and a playground.
Campers have access to drinking water as well as bathrooms with flush toilets and showers.
Campers have access to the public bathrooms and showers.
Campers have an A schedule and a B schedule.
Campers have choice of the full eight week season, or either four week half.
Campers have every opportunity to improve their skills in their favorite interests.
Campers have hands-on video learning at Long Lake.
Campers have instruction in their area for three hours each morning.
Campers have lots and lots of gentle, summer fun.
Campers have many choices within a supportive structure.
Campers have many selections when it comes to choosing sites.
Campers have no tolerance for things spilling.
Campers have options.
Campers have park rangers.
Campers have plenty of opportunities for goodies from the camp store.
Campers have riding lessons each morning, and additional sessions are available in the afternoons.
Campers have several options on the Northern Neck.
Campers have shower facilities with flush toilets, water, vault toilets and a dump station.
Campers have stories.
Campers have the ability to design their own customized camp program.
Campers have the advantage of being on the spot at sunrise and sunset, when many animals feed.
Campers have the best opportunity to enjoy the falls at their leisure.
Campers have the opportunity to choose from a variety of activities offered each week.
Campers have the opportunity to extract DNA from onions.
Campers have the opportunity to meet friends from different backgrounds and appreciation of others.
Campers have the opportunity to play a variety of team sports including soccer and softball.
Campers have the opportunity to ride around our large field, guided by a counselor.
Campers have the opportunity to set their own schedule during morning activity periods.
Campers have the opportunity to sign-up for afternoon activities that they choose.
Campers have the opportunity to spend one session each day learning or improving waterskiing skills.
Campers have the opportunity to study almost all week for the games.
Campers have the opportunity to work and play with their peers in a challenging and relaxed setting.
Campers have the opportunity to work with and learn a variety of media.
Campers have the option of being either resident or commuter campers.
Campers have the option of selecting a secondary performing area.
Campers have the option of selecting from a wide variety of activites each week.
Campers have the option of staying in the residence halls or commuting to the campus.
Campers have the option to attend as overnight or commuter participants.
Campers have the option to bring their own lunch.
Campers have the option to stay for one or two weeks.
Campers have the summer of a lifetime while striving to reach their personal best.
Campers have the unique experience of exploring many different habitats.
Campers have their choice of activities during four daily activity periods.
Campers have their choice of many toys, from balls of yarn to squeaky toys.
Campers have their own toilets and shower facilities.
Campers have to come in and replenish their supplies.
Campers have to take everything and create, or find their own shelter.
Campers have uniforms.
Campers have use of the gymnasium for indoor soccer.
Campers hear from their family and friends through the mail.
Campers help plan their activities for the week, with a wide variety to choose from.
Campers help to create their own special programs.
Campers help to re-write roles and develop their own take on familiar plays.
Campers hustle around from stream or lake back to their campgrounds.
Campers improve speech, language and listening skills.
Campers inspect the bowl to see that is full.
Campers interact with each other on the court and work individually with the coaches.
Campers invade wildlife habitat and start forest fires.
Campers join up with the counselor for their age group for the week.
Campers keep a field journal and perform basic analyses of the health of the water.
Campers learn about basic engineering techniques as they develop and improve problem solving skills.
Campers learn about colonial farm life through hands-on experiences.
Campers learn about environmental stewardship, estuary issues, and take several field trips.
Campers learn about horses and their care.
Campers learn about how to put on clown makeup and do skits.
Campers learn about important environmental issues through active involvement, games and teamwork.
Campers learn about life cycles and animal habits, and even replicate an animal's footprint.
Campers learn about lifestyles and tasks common to children back then.
Campers learn about natural resource management.
Campers learn about the life cycles, animal habits, and replicate their own footprints.
Campers learn about the traditions of foxhunting and the rules of etiquette in the hunt field.
Campers learn all aspects of sailing from rigging to advanced racing.
Campers learn and use overnight tenting and wilderness cooking skills.
Campers learn basic ballet fundamentals.
Campers learn basic chords and work with each other in writing lyrics.
Campers learn basic ecology and are given a broad introduction to environmental education.
Campers learn basic moves and safety procedures in everything from tumbling to the uneven bars.
Campers learn basic to advanced canoeing techniques, including how to rescue a swamped canoe.
Campers learn basic volleyball skills and play games.
Campers learn basics of outdoor cooking, hiking, and sports.
Campers learn different techniques to solve math functions including algebra.
Campers learn different techniques to solve math functions, including algebra.
Campers learn football fundamentals on the field as well as important lessons in life off the field.
Campers learn how to effectively use a mask, fin, and snorkel.
Campers learn how to properly hold, aim and fire a bow safely.
Campers learn how to safely and accurately handle an off-road motorcycle.
Campers learn how to talk with numbers, just like a computer.
Campers learn how used oil pollution can affect water fowl.
Campers learn independence, how to manage their lives away from home.
Campers learn keyboard skills, create a Web site and get their own e-mail addresses.
Campers learn new processes, improve skills, and work with new media and styles.
Campers learn offensive and defensive skills and gain valuable playing experience.
Campers learn proper technique and firearms safety.
Campers learn puppet-making, take field trips, swim and put on a puppet show at camp's end.
Campers learn racing rules, tactics and sail trim.
Campers learn self care, good nutrition and blood-sugar control.
Campers learn skills, develop and gain valuable playing experience.
Campers learn skills, develop, and gain valuable playing experience.
Campers learn skills, strategies, rules, and etiquette in each sport.
Campers learn some Japanese caligraphy.
Campers learn the art of clowning and mime and experiment with tricks.
Campers learn the basics of the game of basketball.
Campers learn the basics of the games.
Campers learn the skills and techniques needed to become an experienced sailor.
Campers learn the skills, techniques and strategies needed to become a successful softball player.
Campers learn the skills, techniques and strategies needed to become a successful tennis player.
Campers learn to access the wealth of information and support that is available on the Internet.
Campers learn to cope with the disease and learn skills to manage insulin dependence.
Campers learn to examine their rowing technique on video and see their progress.
Campers learn to help with all aspects of camp life and develop confidence and independence.
Campers learn to invent themselves through enjoyable activities.
Campers learn to make the arts a natural part of their everyday lives.
Campers learn to mount, dismount, walk, trot and care for horses.
Campers learn to navigate by compass and to canoe the rapids.
Campers learn to share responsibility in a fair and mature way.
Campers learn to shoulder responsibility and counselors help rangers build their own schedules.
Campers learn to sing and work in harmony.
Campers learn to tack, become proficient in stable management, and ride the many trails on the site.
Campers learn to test themselves and give injections.
Campers learn to try a variety of creative and challenging activities and experience success.
Campers learn to work together to conquer a challenge.
Campers learn ways to respect and preserve their natural surroundings.
Campers leave that night or the next morning.
Campers live and learn with others of like ability.
Campers live at the seminary.
Campers live four to a room with a counselor in each suite.
Campers live in a modern, air-conditioned campus dormitory and eat in the college dining hall.
Campers live in cabins along with a staff person.
Campers live in cabins with bunks and convenient bathroom facilities.
Campers live in cabins with counselors and other campers their own age and gender.
Campers live in comfortable heated cabins, which are equipped with indoor bathroom facilities.
Campers live in cozy cottage like dwellings with electricty and bathrooms.
Campers live in dorms or cabins with a counselor and an assistant.
Campers live in dorm-style housing and all of the camp's buildings are completely accessible.
Campers live in four cabins, each under the direction of counselor.
Campers live in modern bunks with bathrooms and showers.
Campers live in one of six cabins with a spectacular water view.
Campers live in on-site dorms just like the kids and learn from marine animal experts.
Campers live in residence halls or come as day campers.
Campers live in rustic cabins with six campers and a counselor.
Campers live in same-sex dormitories, two to a room, with at least one coach per floor.
Campers live in screened cabins and share meals in the pavilion in the center of camp.
Campers live in screened cabins with electricity and bathrooms.
Campers live in screened cabins with electricity.
Campers live in spacious, airy cabins with electricity, bathrooms and showers.
Campers live in spacious, airy, modern cabins with electricity, hot water, and bathrooms.
Campers live in the barracks and have daily educational and entertaining activities.
Campers live in tree houses, tepees, tents, or lodges.
Campers live more in the psychological present.
Campers live with their counselors in cabins.
Campers load their gear in pushcarts provided by the park.
Campers look forward to the balloon and candy shot at the end of the week.
Campers love playing in the air-conditioned gym.
Campers love the opportunity to partake of the rich Jewish tradition.
Campers love the pine forested campgrounds as well the campsites near the beach.
Campers love the refreshing mountain spring water during and after workouts.
Campers love to get mail from home.
Campers make friends, develop leadership skills, and go on weekly field trips.
Campers make golf clubs to take home.
Campers make jams and bake pies from fruits picked in the area.
Campers make new friends and learn more about themselves in the process.
Campers make yummy veggie pizzas in foods class.
Campers marvel at the magnificent sunsets over the lake.
Campers meet new friends, learn new skills, and enjoy being close to nature.
Campers meet other children who share the same problems and learn from each other.
Campers meet personal challenges, develop healthy group living skills.
Campers meet state leaders and learn about the role of young citizens in state government.
Campers mention that they really like being able to start their day quietly and thinking about it.
Campers monitor blood sugar four times a day.
Campers much sing a song or tell a joke when they receive mail.
Campers observe ethnic customs at lunch.
Campers occasionally get to help with a large project such as constructing or repairing a building.
Campers own special interests and enthusiasm also shape the daily activities.
Campers park here in the trees.
Campers partake in performing arts workshops and master classes, all of which are free.
Campers partcipate in a variety of activities with and without horses.
Campers participate at their developmental level in a variety of camp activities.
Campers participate in a social action project of their choosing.
Campers participate in a structured, yet open-ended, investigative environment.
Campers participate in a variety of improv games, scene work, and the development of scripts.
Campers participate in a variety of language-evoking activities.
Campers participate in a variety of planned events and exciting field trips.
Campers participate in a variety of recreational activities, including swimming and hiking.
Campers participate in a variety of sports and activities with emphasis on having fun.
Campers participate in a wide variety of activities which build teamwork and unity.
Campers participate in activities specifically designed to meet their individual needs.
Campers participate in all aspects of summer camp.
Campers participate in all camp activities, including an overnight trip.
Campers participate in at least one overnight and two day trips.
Campers participate in canoeing, horseback riding, fishing, a ropes challenge course and more.
Campers participate in dancing, swimming, talent shows, making new friends and reuniting with old.
Campers participate in four activity periods each day.
Campers participate in game competition, as well as receive instructions during every camp day.
Campers participate in goose banding and counting eagle nests with forest rangers.
Campers participate in more than seventy-five exciting camp activities each session.
Campers participate in round robin tournament competition.
Campers participate in skills-building sessions along with competitive contests and tournament play.
Campers participate in the traditional camp activities as listed in the introduction.
Campers participate in three workshops of their choice, separated by a recess period and lunch.
Campers participate in trips.
Campers participate in waterfront activities, hiking, outdoor activities, and a ropes course.
Campers participate on trail rides and compete in horse shows.
Campers participating in the work programs receive a reduced camp fee.
Campers pay a moderate fee, with many children receiving scholarship help.
Campers pay fees at a self-service station.
Campers pay tuition.
Campers perform agility drills at a past camp.
Campers pick their activities every night for the next day.
Campers pitch their tents to the right of the access road, parking area's on the left.
Campers plan adventures.
Campers plan out their skit during the performing arts class.
Campers plan outdoor adventures.
Campers plan their activities everyday.
Campers play doubles and singles games daily.
Campers play games of chance, and learn by experimentation.
Campers play in small groups with trained adult leadership.
Campers play outside in good weather, and inside when it rains or is too hot.
Campers pose at the entrance to the Olympic Stadium Campers show cabin pride.
Campers pray together before and after every meal.
Campers prepare the gardens, care for farm animals, and explore forests and wetlands.
Campers prepare their own food, plan their trips, and make group decisions.
Campers prepay for full camping and reservation fees at time of reservation, by credit card.
Campers preregister for their activities.
Campers produce music videos, commercials, and a news program.
Campers produce musical and dramatic performances, build sets and design costumes.
Campers provide their own bedding.
Campers provide their own lunch and transportation to and from camp.
Campers provide their own tent and sleeping bag.
Campers provide their own transportation to Springfield.
Campers provide their own transportation.
Campers quickly learn to believe in themselves and each other - and succeed by doing.
Campers race to prevent pollution.
Campers receive a camp T-shirt, camp photo and certificate of completion at the end of camp.
Campers receive a daily snack and water is available.
Campers receive a discount for swimming and camping clubs are welcome.
Campers receive a discount on tube rental.
Campers receive a football, T-shirt and player evaluation.
Campers receive a free camp T-shirt.
Campers receive a gift pack and a video printout of their swing.
Campers receive a T-shirt and lunch daily.
Campers receive a water bottle for their second week of sports camp.
Campers receive a welcome gift, kid-friendly menus, fun rewards and specially priced room service.
Campers receive a written evaluation, camp photo and t-shirt.
Campers receive an additional nine dollars to spend inside the park.
Campers receive ball and T-shirt.
Campers receive basketball, T-shirt, and player evaluation.
Campers receive certified instruction and practice in target shooting using recurve bows.
Campers receive constant supervision as counselors and coaches room on the same floor.
Campers receive daily medical lectures tailored to each age category.
Campers receive discounts while attending sessions.
Campers receive football, T-shirt, and player evaluation.
Campers receive free one camp T-shirt.
Campers receive individual instruction and play team games daily.
Campers receive individual instruction from our highly trained and licensed waterfront staff.
Campers receive instruction on the safe handling and use of air rifles.
Campers receive instruction through pool sessions, dry-land training and individual analysis.
Campers receive orientation before shooting.
Campers receive photos and autographs of all the guests.
Campers receive professional instruction from pro players, college and high school level coaches.
Campers receive soccer ball, T-shirt, and player evaluation.
Campers receive special awards and lots of personal attention.
Campers receive tee shirt and tennis balls inclusive of camp fee.
Campers receive the latest in instructional techniques.
Campers receive t-shirts and additional camp giveaways.
Campers receive written evaluations and performance tips, plus video analyses of technique.
Campers recieve expert teaching, repetition of the fundamentals and game experiences.
Campers reflect upon their day in particular and their life in general.
Campers register for two morning classes, with classes meeting on alternate days.
Campers relax and take a break along the New River.
Campers relax during lunch.
Campers remain overnight.
Campers represent rural, suburban, and urban school districts.
Campers reside in air-conditioned dormitory rooms, each with a connecting bathroom.
Campers reside in cabins of ten campers and two counselors.
Campers reside in canvas tents and cabins out in the back pastures of the farm.
Campers reside in log cabins in groups of eight to twelve with two to three counselors.
Campers resist going to shelters for a variety of reasons.
Campers return home between sessions.
Campers return home each weekend to practice the new skills they are learning.
Campers return with a sense of accomplishment, joy, and respect for our natural environment.
Campers ride at their own skill level.
Campers ride either three or six times per week.
Campers ride on an overnight trip through the camp's backwoods trails.
Campers ride twice a day in addition to learning stable management skills.
Campers rotate as a cabin group through the five activities attending each activity every other day.
Campers rotate through all gymnastics events and trampoline.
Campers rotate through classes interacting with nature, music, crafts and life skills.
Campers run on the original Olympic track.
Campers run with elite runners, on remote mountain trails, river tube, high rope.
Campers sail in races against other camps.
Campers sail on our own lake and take overnight trips to other, larger lakes.
Campers seem to be the middle ground for many people.
Campers seem to be the most guilty parties.
Campers select a major area of concentration and two minors.
Campers select classes in an area of interest taught by experienced teaching artists.
Campers select from a wide range of activities designed for their abilities and interests.
Campers select one specialized instructional activity for the week.
Campers select or write speeches, work on research skills and learn effective delivery skills.
Campers select sites on a first come, first serve basis.
Campers select six skills for each session.
Campers select the instructional activities in which they wish to participate.
Campers select their own activities on a weekly basis.
Campers select their site and then pay the camping fee at a self-registration area.
Campers serve as the staff writers and editors.
Campers serving E.P.D. spend a portion of their free time cleaning the dorm area.
Campers set goals for each weekend and parents give feedback to counselors about how things went.
Campers share a candid moment during one of the weekly dances in the summer.
Campers share all the day's duties.
Campers share cabins.
Campers share in carrying and preparing the meals.
Campers share leadership and practice responsibility.
Campers share responsibilities and opinions, play esteem building games, and have lots of fun.
Campers shield their eyes from the morning sun during introductions.
Campers shoot at targets and balloons and end the period with the winners circle.
Campers shoot at targets, but also have fun aiming at balloons.
Campers sign up for new activities every two weeks.
Campers sign up for one to four weeks.
Campers sign up for their favorite activities on opening day.
Campers sign up for trips during the first few days of each session.
Campers sing silly songs and form life-long bonds.
Campers sing songs and participate in movement activities, create art projects, and enjoy cooking.
Campers sleep in accessible cabins with a counselor.
Campers sleep in air-conditioned and heated cabins with bathroom facilities in each cabin.
Campers sleep in an on-site dormitory and a chef prepares all meals.
Campers sleep in authentic style Indian teepees erected on the opposite side of the lake.
Campers sleep in cabins around a large meadow.
Campers sleep in cabins or platform tents.
Campers sleep in cabins or tents and can explore the creek and nearby ocean beaches.
Campers sleep in cabins, eat meals, and do all camp activities with their peers.
Campers sleep in cabins, tents, and teepees, or in a dormitory-like setting.
Campers sleep in heated cabins, and all food is provided.
Campers sleep in historic barns that have been renovated for modern use.
Campers sleep in large wheelchair-accessible cabins with their counselors.
Campers sleep in log cabins and eat in the dining hall.
Campers sleep in metal bunk beds with new foam mattresses.
Campers sleep in modern cabins, complete with bunk beds, natural gas heating and electrical outlets.
Campers sleep in one of ten rustic cabins, assigned by age and gender.
Campers sleep in screened cabins on bunk beds.
Campers sleep in sleeping bags placed on comfortable cots.
Campers sleep in tents and assist staff in cooking their own food over open campfires.
Campers sleep in tents and cook out meals.
Campers sleep in tents and eat in the great out of doors.
Campers sleep in tents.
Campers sleep in the shade of oaks, so bring mosquito repellent in summer.
Campers sleep on the floor of the tents in sleeping bags or bed rolls.
Campers sleep on twin size bunk beds in an air-conditioned building.
Campers specialize in swimming, dance, art, or horseback riding.
Campers spend each morning riding in small groups on the farm's bridle paths.
Campers spend half the day as science explorers and half as athletes.
Campers spend half the day as science explorers, half as athletes.
Campers spend most of the day outdoors actively participating in a variety of sports and activities.
Campers spend much time getting to know each cabin mate personally.
Campers spend one week in treehouses and one week in the air-conditioned lakeside cabins.
Campers spend one-third of their time focusing on the session s main sport.
Campers spend the week exploring the Northern Presidential Range.
Campers spend their days in co-ed field groups separated by age and theme.
Campers spend their weekend as crew members on the sailboats.
Campers spend three weeks living in rustic bunks with an average of six peers.
Campers spend time reading the prose and poems of various authors and then write their own.
Campers spend two periods per day in science and three periods in the traditional activities.
Campers stand in an open area.
Campers start camp as early as age eight and continue through age fifteen.
Campers stay at nice hotels and get fed phat lunches on the glacier.
Campers stay either in a farmhouse or in tents in the field.
Campers stay for one session or multiple sessions.
Campers stay in cabins according to age and gender with a counselor and assistant counselor.
Campers stay in cabins and have modern restrooms and showers.
Campers stay in cabins supervised by two trained counselors.
Campers stay in cabins with a counselor.
Campers stay in cabins with eight others campers and a counselor.
Campers stay in cabins, teepees, covered wagons and tents.
Campers stay in cabins, with hot and cold running water, electricity, and flush toilets.
Campers stay in comfortable platform tents, complete with bunkbeds.
Campers stay in dormitories, cabins and tents.
Campers stay in either dorms or cabins and experience full community living.
Campers stay in fully winterized cabins, nestled around a centrally located bath house.
Campers stay in housing with counselors.
Campers stay in log cabins and help staff with nutritious meals.
Campers stay in modern cabins, with hot and cold running water, electricity, and flush toilets.
Campers stay in national or state parks or other outdoor facilities.
Campers stay in rustic lodges and meals are served buffet style.
Campers stay in the college's Compton residence hall.
Campers stay in the main camp cabins and participate in some all-camp activities.
Campers stay in tree houses, teepees, tents, cabin, farm house or lodge.
Campers stay two or three per room in the modern dorms on campus.
Campers study about land use capability, soil, water, forestry, wildlife, and recreational land use.
Campers study about outdoor skills and create crafts to share with their family.
Campers study marine science and island ecology.
Campers study plants and animals found in several different types of ecosystems.
Campers study wildlife, forests, aquatic biology, game management, and hunter safety.
Campers supply own sleeping bag.
Campers supply sleeping bag.
Campers supply their own equipment and food.
Campers supply their own sneakers, gloves, and swimsuits.
Campers supply their own tents and camping gear.
Campers sweep the floor, hang wet bathing suits on the line, etc.
Campers swim and canoe in local rivers near the camp.
Campers swim and learn in a small, warm pool.
Campers swim everyday.
Campers swim in the new camp pool.
Campers swim in, boat on and fish in Cranberry Lake.
Campers swim, canoe, hike, and go horseback riding.
Campers swim, canoe, take nature hikes, paint and enjoy campfires.
Campers swim, sail, hike, fish, canoe, sleep in cabins, and enjoy lakeside cookouts.
Campers take a break in the morning and afternoon for activities.
Campers take a charter ferry to and from the Island.
Campers take a copy of their work home on the final day of class.
Campers take an active part in choosing, shaping and carrying out their own activities.
Campers take an unoccupied site and pay when park attendant arrives.
Campers take on the roles of characters related to the book.
Campers take one class each in dance, movement, art, acting, and theater games.
Campers take part in a variety of activities at camp.
Campers take part in activities by age and expertise.
Campers take part in small groups with professional leaders.
Campers take part in the whoile programme, returning home to sleep each night.
Campers take turns helping to prepare meals.
Campers take turns waiting on tables.
Campers tend to return to a site even though officials try to move it elsewhere.
Campers test the waters of springboard diving, water sports and competitive swimming.
Campers then drift off into sleep while viewing slides of nocturnal New England animals.
Campers then try to solve the mystery by putting together the clues and asking a lot of questions.
Campers There is plenty of room for camping.
Campers thrive in a caring, wholesome atmosphere with opportunities to belong, learn and contribute.
Campers thrive in noncompetitive, caring atmosphere with opportunities to belong, learn, contribute.
Campers to achieve goals.
Campers to learn skills.
Campers travel by private transportation.
Campers travel in chartered buses with professional drivers to sites throughout the Peninsula.
Campers travel through the territory for one or two weeks.
Campers travel with their counselor throughout the campus to their different classes.
Campers try to hook fish with a fishing pole.
Campers unload for the start of the day.
Campers use a self-registration system to pay site fees.
Campers use creative problem-solving techniques to survive a week of ZAKian storms.
Campers use flashlights to find their way on their travels.
Campers use nature's classroom with lots of hands-on activities to explore and learn.
Campers use our modern tiled bathhouse and eat together in the dining hall.
Campers use the sound for sailing, canoeing, and marshing.
Campers vary in skill levels from the semi-independent to the severely disabled individual.
Campers visit the camp store at regularly scheduled times throughout the session.
Campers volunteer for daily co-op work assignments.
Campers walk a short distance from the parking area to their campsites.
Campers walk to the church from the port.
Campers watch staff members every minute to determine if the life matches the profession.
Campers wear proper eye and ear protection.
Campers welcome, no facilities.
Campers wishing more competitive sports can sign up for special tournaments.
Campers work as a team from lift-off to landing to make the shuttle mission a success.
Campers work directly with animals learning their behavior and care.
Campers work in small groups on drafting, revising, editing, publishing and sharing.
Campers work in small groups with expert faculty and well qualified counselors.
Campers work in small groups, and each individual is videotaped and critiqued by shooting experts.
Campers work on a farm and in the garden, learning aspects of organic farming.
Campers work on a fully costumed and staged production to be presented to the general public.
Campers work on skill development and cooperative play.
Campers work together on the low ropes course, developing trust in themselves and others.
Campers workout on some of the best facilities in the country.
Campers write stories and Web pages, make crafts and sing camp songs.
Campers write up a business plan.
Campers often receive letters via fax and E-mail.
Campers often visit other locations on and off property.
Campers often write letters, play cards, or read.
Campers sometimes stumble into fires when camping.
Campers sometimes wake up in the morning with a doe browsing through nearby vegetation.
All camper participate in two backpacking excursions.
All campers adjust after a few days when parents support that adjustment.
All campers also receive a camp jersey.
All campers are also responsible for bringing a sack lunch each day.
All campers are eligible to participate regardless of athletic ability.
All campers are free to leave and return to camp for summer league games.
All campers are responsible for their own transportation.
All campers are skilled tested the first night of camp.
All campers are to return room keys and check out with the dorm dean.
All campers are under the careful supervision of a professional and highly trained staff.
All campers are under the careful supervision of professional and highly trained staff.
All campers are welcome to try out and share the excitement.
All campers are welcome.
All campers attend one off-campus field trip per week.
All campers bring their own bedroll and personal items.
All campers compete in a variety of horse games which emphasize rider control and skill.
All campers compete in competitive games each day.
All campers get to participate.
All campers have a daily job to help camp run smoothly.
All campers have a disability and different ability levels.
All campers have access to a bath house and pier.
All campers have access to clubhouse and sparkling bath house .
All campers have access to our clubhouse, fish cleaning house and sparkling clean bath house.
All campers have an opportunity to play and learn any position while receiving quality instruction.
All campers have plenty of opportunities to have a blast swimming and playing in Whitefish Lake.
All campers have the opportunity to play and explore their sport of choice.
All campers have time for periods of relaxation each day, as well as supervised free time.
All campers live in the college dormitories for the camp session.
All campers participate in activities with other campers their age.
All campers participate in all arts classes, grouped by grades.
All campers participate in auditions on the first day of camp.
All campers participate in canoeing or hiking out trips.
All campers participate in our canoeing program.
All campers participate in the closing concert.
All campers participte in acting, singing, instrumental music, and art.
All campers receive a ball, t-shirt and great instruction.
All campers receive a camp shirt, instruction and games.
All campers receive a camp T-shirt, soccer ball, video sessions and other instructional aids.
All campers receive a camp t-shirt.
All campers receive a free adidas T-shirt, adidas ball, and water bottle when they register.
All campers receive a free camp T-shirt.
All campers receive a FREE camp t-shirt.
All campers receive a FREE poster or other soccer giveaways.
All campers receive a Georgetown Football Camp T-Shirt.
All campers receive a helmet and a T-shirt.
All campers receive a snack at the end of the day.
All campers receive a T-shirt.
All campers receive a video swing analysis.
All campers receive an assessment of their skills at the end of the camp.
All campers receive an overview of all offensive and defensive fundamentals.
All campers receive camp T-shirts.
All campers receive equal playing time regardless of skill level.
All campers receive secondary medical insurance through the camp.
All campers receive T-shirt, skills video and written evaluation.
All campers ride daily, including a trail ride on the last day of camp.
All campers share a central toilet and communal spigots.
All campers share one common interest - their love of music.
All campers share the dining hall, sitting one cabin group to each table.
All campers stay in dormitory style wooden cabins or large platform tents.
All campers stay in the campus dorms unless special arrangements are made with the camp director.
All campers take a swim test to insure their safety on the waterfront.
All campers take swimming.
All campers take tennis.
All campers test their blood glucose level a minimum of four times a day.
All campers then start from the same place and learn pressure defense skills the same way.
All campers wear riding helmets while on the horse.
Every camper also learns basic canoeing skills and safety.
Every camper gets a chance to shoot against the radar gun.
Every camper gets the opportunity to select their own activities during Explore Some More.
Every camper goes home with a copy of the yearbook.
Every camper has a volunteer to be their arms and legs.
Every camper is assigned their own bunk in either boys' or girls' cabins.
Every camper is encouraged to participate.
Every camper is guaranteed playing time.
Every camper is required to have a physical examination before attending camp.
Every camper learns the basic strokes and handling of canoe and row boat.
Every camper plays at least one-half of our scrimmage.
Every camper plays in two games per day.
Every camper receives a camp T-shirt, certificate and players manual.
Every camper receives a free t-shirt.
Every camper receives a pair of Maryland lacrosse shorts and reversible jersey.
Every camper receives a report card.
Every camper receives a reversible mesh jersey.
Every camper wishes all subsequent camp seven more success.
Many campers are able to secure outside funding from social agencies or patrons.
Many campers are expert skiers and come to camp specifically to improve their skiing skills.
Many campers are second or third generation participants.
Many campers are the children or grandchildren of former participants.
Many campers are there, some as tenters but most in motorhomes or trailers.
Many campers bring their bikes to camp.
Many campers choose to attend more than one session of camp.
Many campers choose to stay for both, however.
Many campers come back as counselors, completing the circle.
Many campers come prepared with galoshes.
Many campers drive to their campsites with coolers, and have access to grills.
Many campers enjoy the recreational facilities during their free time.
Many campers follow older brothers and sisters to camp.
Many campers go on to become program leaders at camp.
Many campers keep their boats in the protected coves that are located along the campground.
Many campers learn to give their first insulin shot - a big step toward independence.
Many campers like to stay up around the campfire at night and talk.
Many campers make their own backpacks out of canvas, and tents from discarded parachute material.
Many campers prefer white gas or unleaded fuel, which is additive-free gas.
Many campers remember their focus experiences more than anything else.
Many campers report effective use of solar panels even in cloudy environments.
Many campers request specific sites based on the sunrise or sunset views visible there.
Many campers return as staff and stay involved for years after.
Many campers return home and join a school chorus after the camp choir experience.
Many campers return season after season.
Many campers return year after year and many stay more than one week.
Many campers simply cook their food over open fires.
Many campers spend time meeting new players from around the west.
Many campers take dried foods on their camping trips.
Most campers also are natives.
Most campers are from financially-deprived homes and receive substantial scholarship assistance.
Most campers are from loving families who give all they can emotionally and financially.
Most campers bring trunks and small electric fans.
Most campers come from Cape Breton Island, the Sydneys in particular.
Most campers come to camps.
Most campers establish a greater sense of independence, responsibility and self confidence.
Most campers establish a greater sense of independence, responsibility, and self-confidence.
Most campers go on several trips during a typical stay.
Most campers go to camps.
Most campers have options.
Most campers have some formal training in music, such as piano, band, or orchestra.
Most campers have stories.
Most campers have the scars to prove it.
Most campers have uniforms.
Most campers huddle around fires steeling themselves against the strange noises of the night.
Most campers participate in trips.
Most campers plan adventures.
Most campers plan outdoor adventures.
Most campers return home with memories to last a lifetime.
Most campers seem to prefer it even over the permanent showers at the campground.
Most campers share a room with a fellow camper.
Most campers share cabins.
Some campers arrive weeks in advance to stake out prime spots.
Some campers benefit most from building a sense of self-reliance and resourcefulness.
Some campers choose nearby tennis, golf, shopping and much more.
Some campers come for one week, some for a few weeks and others for the whole summer.
Some campers commute and attend the evening programs, which are an integral part of the program.
Some campers complain that maybe the dogs are too effective.
Some campers enjoy a cup of hot soup.
Some campers enter grades.
Some campers even stumble to breakfast wearing their pajamas.
Some campers even use camp to work on English as their second language.
Some campers find their friends from a previous year.
Some campers get both a fun summer and a new friend out of a trip to camp.
Some campers have weeks.
Some campers just toss their sleeping bags on the floor of the school gymnasium.
Some campers know each other from past summers and some know each other from school.
Some campers live in tents and cook their meals over an open fire.
Some campers love owls.
Some campers make the dough and mould a small amount around one end of a thick stick.
Some campers participate in activities.
Some campers ride horses.
Some campers swear by pasta.
Some campers take time to show their Lynx spirit.
Some campers think they have found such destinations.
Campesino groups say the four had nothing to do with the occupation.
Campfire permit is valid from the date issued until the end of the calendar year.
Campfire permits are FREE and required outside of all developed campgrounds.
Campfire songs are fun, and characters are charming.
Campfire songs are often a highlight and praise songs are loved by the Thais.
A campfire is fire
Campfire chips our outdoor is ignite equipment smokers chimineas with lighter.
Campfire cookouts available after trail rides.
Campfire holds many activities.
Campfire isa happening.
Campfire isa occurrence.
Campfire talk on astro-mythology followed by observing.
Campfire talk that night with another nature hike on Sun morning.
Campfires also require a great deal of caution, especially in a heavily wooded area.
Campfires are a luxury.
Campfires are a special way of ending a full and happy day.
Campfires are a usual sight at the campsites.
Campfires are burning.
Campfires are capable of fire hazards.
Campfires are dumb.
Campfires are fairly common too.
Campfires are fire.
Campfires are for cooking and warming purposes only.
Campfires are fun but they can have a heavy impact on the environment.
Campfires are more smky before a rain.
Campfires are often the main place flags are retired.
Campfires are permissible in developed campgrounds and picnic grounds, only.
Campfires are subject to being banned during extremely dry conditions.
Campfires are the best way to get to know the friendliest bikers from all over the world.
Campfires are verboten to prevent soot scarring of the dry ground.
Campfires are very popular amongst the fans.
Campfires are welcome.
Campfires can also lead to local environmental degradation around campsites.
Campfires can cause lasting impacts to the backcountry.
Campfires can cause lasting impacts.
Campfires consume scarce vegetation and leave permanent scars on the rocks and land.
Campfires dot the hillside.
Campfires Enjoy a snack, hear a story and sing songs that reflect the evening's theme.
Campfires generate heat.
Campfires leave permanent scars on the land and are frequently the cause of wildfires.
Campfires Overlooking the rest of the camp is a large campfire area.
Campfires seem to make the best char cloth.
Campfires spring out of nowhere.
Campfires start to glow bright.
Campfires Use a lightweight stove when possible for cooking.
Campfires Use only dead and down wood for campfires.
Campfires always add a special touch to end the day.
Campfires always cause problems.
All campfires are to be maintained and supervised at all times by an adult.
Campground amenities are close by each cabin.
Campground entrance is on the right side of the park.
Campground facilities exist for the benefit of all campers.
Campground fees are in addition to entrance fees.
Campground fees are in addition to the parking pass.
Campground fees are non-refundable.
Campground fees are subject to change.
Campground guests have access to the showerhouse facility.
Campground host resides in area.
Campground hosts are available.
Campground hosts can also provide camping information.
Campground hosts occupy clearly identified campsites.
Campground hosts offer assistance and answer questions about the area.
Campground information is also available online.
Campground names link to more detailed information about each developed site.
Campground occupants are exempt from the requirement for a daily parking permit.
All campground registration is done at the Marina on the east side of the lake.
Campground reservations are usually necessary, especially on weekends.
Campground roads are complete and the camp pads are being developed.
Campground sites are available for tents, trailers, or motor homes.
Campground sites have a picnic table, pedestal grill, and water nearby.
Campground sites have picnic tables, fire pits and toilet facilities nearby.
Campground space is limited.
Campground spaces are available for a nominal charge.
Campground standards are high and the natural settings are spectacular.
Campground supplier can connect with campground owners to sell products on-line.
A campground is a site
Campgrounds abound and tours on the lake feature millionaires' homes and movie sets.
Campgrounds abound as well.
Campgrounds abound, with a wide range of facilities.
Campgrounds are abundant as well as fishing opportunities.
Campgrounds are accessible to persons with disabilities.
Campgrounds are also a good opportunity today.
Campgrounds are also available but reservations and back-country camping permits are required.
Campgrounds are also available.
Campgrounds are are also situated along the route.
Campgrounds are available along the drive, as well.
Campgrounds are available and naturalists lead walks throughout the year at the South Tufa Area.
Campgrounds are available at most locations.
Campgrounds are available at three locations.
Campgrounds are available but there are no stores or gas stations in the area.
Campgrounds are available near each end of the trail.
Campgrounds are available near each location.
Campgrounds are available near the Trail head.
Campgrounds are available nearby.
Campgrounds are available throughout the Park.
Campgrounds are available to groups during the off-season on a limited basis.
Campgrounds are available within ten miles and require a car.
Campgrounds are available, as are cabins and a dining lodge.
Campgrounds are available, but are usually full in the summer months.
Campgrounds are available, but stop first at one of the visitor centers for the necessary permit.
Campgrounds are available, with fees at some sites.
Campgrounds are available.
Campgrounds are campsites.
Campgrounds are closed.
Campgrounds are expensive to maintain.
Campgrounds are facilities.
Campgrounds are for the use of current permit holders only.
Campgrounds are friendly, reasonably priced and clean.
Campgrounds are generally understaffed and under maintained.
Campgrounds are in abundance.
Campgrounds are in quiet settings great for relaxing.
Campgrounds are in the Austin Creek recreational area of the Park.
Campgrounds are just a short distance.
Campgrounds are just as safe as they've always been.
Campgrounds are just outside the south entrance.
Campgrounds are limited but the area is some of the most beautiful in the Grand Canyon.
Campgrounds are locales.
Campgrounds are located in state parks.
Campgrounds are lovely but only safe if there's a small crowd.
Campgrounds are noisy places.
Campgrounds are often the match of hostels when it comes to meeting fellow travelers.
Campgrounds are on the Maryland end of the island.
Campgrounds are open in the summer and on weekends and holidays.
Campgrounds are open year- round.
Campgrounds are open year-round.
Campgrounds are open.
Campgrounds are picnic areas fill up on holidays and summer weekends, but weekdays are quieter.
Campgrounds are plentiful near many of the lakes.
Campgrounds are primitive, restrooms basic and food sellers nonexistent.
Campgrounds are the home base for hosts.
Campgrounds are unique based on their size.
Campgrounds are usually full on all weekends during the summer months.
Campgrounds are well equipped with toilets, showers, stores, and phones.
Campgrounds are within walking distance of a market, telephones, and restaurants.
Campgrounds change often, as well as their prices.
Campgrounds contain level campsites, many with electrical hookups, picnic tables, and fire rings.
Campgrounds differ a lot in the amenities they offer.
Campgrounds -Directories and guides to campgrounds.
Campgrounds have a bathhouse with hot showers and flush toilets.
Campgrounds have coin-operated showers and flush toilets.
Campgrounds have pit-toilets but no power.
Campgrounds have room for children to play while parents relax.
Campgrounds have sanitary dumping stations.
Campgrounds have tent sites, limited trailer space, water, fireplaces, tables and restrooms.
Campgrounds increasingly feature campsite telephone connections and dial-up Internet access.
Campgrounds offer rest rooms, running water, dump stations, grills, tables, and some shade.
Campgrounds offer the family a chance to leave civilization and get to know each other.
Campgrounds provide water, showers, restrooms, and sanitary disposal sites.
Campgrounds remain open until closed by snow or freezing temperatures.
Campgrounds run by national and state agencies are almost always well maintained.
Campgrounds often fill by noon.
Campgrounds usually have a leash rule.
Campgrounds usually have campsites with a picnic table, a fire pit, and space for a tent or camper.
All campgrounds accept credit cards.
All campgrounds are alcohol free.
All campgrounds are near swimming, boating, fishing and hiking facilities.
All campgrounds are on or near the Little River and offer wooded lots and open spaces.
All campgrounds are open year round, and operate on a first come first serve basis.
All campgrounds are open year round.
All campgrounds are open.
All campgrounds are subject to fire restrictions.
All campgrounds are suitable for RV and tent camping.
All campgrounds contain level campsites, with picnic tables, grills, and fire rings.
All campgrounds contain safe drinking water and sanitary facilities.
All campgrounds have a drinking water supply.
All campgrounds have a primitive toilet and a nearby untreated water supply.
All campgrounds have cold running water, fire grills, picnic tables, and flush toilets.
All campgrounds have cold showers, drinking water, tables, fire grills, and modern restrooms.
All campgrounds have fire rings, tables, and restroom facilities.
All campgrounds have modern comfort stations but none has utility hookups.
All campgrounds have modern restrooms with hot showers and most have laundry facilities.
All campgrounds have parking spurs, tables, fire grates, toilets, and water from a hand pump.
All campgrounds have restrooms, tables, grills and tent pads.
All campgrounds have running water, flush or pit toilets, and a table and fireplace at each site.
All campgrounds have tables, stoves, water, and toilets.
All campgrounds listed below have at least one wheelchair usable site.
All campgrounds offer sanitary dump stations, ranger programs and access to hiking trails.
All campgrounds permit a maximum of one vehicle and six people per campsite.
All campgrounds provide basic services, though none offer hookups.
All campgrounds provide metal containers for food storage.
Every campground has a garbage service, either vault or flush toilets and most have potable water.
Many campgrounds also have hiking trails, water access sites, and swimming beaches.
Many campgrounds also limit the number of dogs per campsite.
Many campgrounds are open year round.
Many campgrounds are open year-round, but high elevation areas are only open after the snow melts.
Many campgrounds have camp hosts.
Many campgrounds have swimming facilities, a store and recreational activities.
Many campgrounds operate from their own wells.
Many campgrounds permit camping in early spring, or late fall, but with reduced services.
Many campgrounds provide receptacles for the disposal of smokes, so use em.
Many campgrounds recommend boiling all water in the back country.
Most campgrounds allow pets.
Most campgrounds also charge a fee.
Most campgrounds are accessible.
Most campgrounds are close to swimming, picnicking, and swimming opportunities.
Most campgrounds are fairly close driving distance to towns or cities.
Most campgrounds ask for a passport so they can fill out the forms.
Most campgrounds do have clean vault toilets.
Most campgrounds fill quickly on holiday weekends so be prepared to camp in an undeveloped area.
Most campgrounds fill up in summertime, so book ahead.
Most campgrounds have hot showers and some sort of overpriced grocery store.
Most campgrounds have park attendants on duty to assist our visitors.
Most campgrounds have showers, hot and cold running water, and a variety of free activities.
Most campgrounds have theme-weekends that include parties, group games and family gatherings.
Most campgrounds have water and either vault or flush toilets.
Most campgrounds permit a maximum of one vehicle and six people per campsite.
Most campgrounds provide water, toilets and garbage containers.
Most campgrounds provide water, toilets, and garbage containers.
Some campgrounds accept reservations.
Some campgrounds are accessible for dry camping until blocked by snow.
Some campgrounds are better than others.
Some campgrounds are even free after the season ends.
Some campgrounds are far from primitive and are as luxurious as hotels.
Some campgrounds are in the desert, with planted shade trees and drinking water available.
Some campgrounds are open all year and charge a reduced winter fee with limited services.
Some campgrounds are open year round, while others close for the winter.
Some campgrounds charge a set fee.
Some campgrounds charge less, others more.
Some campgrounds have electric hookups and showers, while some are primitive.
Some campgrounds have limited services during off-season and prices can also vary between seasons.
Some campgrounds have questionable water sources.
Some campgrounds offer a handful of sites for seasonal use, up to seven months.
Some campgrounds offer a sanitary waste dump for camping vehicles with holding tanks.
Some campgrounds offer an array of barrier free recreational opportunities.
Some campgrounds offer camper or boat storage for a monthly fee.
Some campgrounds offer camper storage for a monthly fee.
Some campgrounds provide group sites.
Some campgrounds require a credit card number to reserve a campsite.
Some campgrounds require a fee.
Some campgrounds require fees that partially pay for their operation and upkeep.
Camphill villages offer hope to the handicapped.
Camphor oil is toxic and can be fatally poisonous if ingested in excess.
A camphor tree is a laurel
Camphor tree is the prefecture tree.
Camphor wood is used because it is extremely water-resistant.
Camphor wood is used to smoke duck, etc.
Camphor wood lines the center console.
Camphor increases the sexual erethism to an unbearable degree.
Camphor is a major constituent of the essential oil.
Camphor is chemical compounds.
Camphor is commonly mixed with other ingredients to aid in the relief of particular ailments.
Camphor is natural resin
Camphor is quite dull.
Camphor occurs in spike lavender, hyssop and coriander.
Camphor produces nose and sinus irritation.
Camphor treats many ailments and medical conditions.
Camphors grow either in full sun or light shade, and prefer well-drained, sandy soil.
Camphorated oil is good for rubbing on chests and throats.
Camping equipment is also available.
Camping equipment is also important.
Camping equipment is available for rent at their West Glacier office.
Camping equipment is available if needed.
Camping equipment is available to rent.
Camping equipment is included .
Camping equipment is provided.
Camping equipment is supplied.
All camping equipment is designed to cater for our conditions.
All camping equipment is however the responsibilities of the individual divers.
All camping equipment is less than a year old and covers everything required as part of our tours.
All camping equipment is provided on tour.
All camping equipment is provided.
Many camping grounds dot the mainland shore.
Most camping grounds have showering, cooking and toilet facilities.
Camping permits are also available.
Camping permits are available at the park office.
Camping permits are available by registering at the campground.
Camping permits are available through self-registration at the campground.
Camping permits are hard to come by, though, and many people do it as a day hike.
Camping pitches are in fenced bays giving some privacy and protection.
Camping sites are sites.
Camping stoves are less harmful to the environment and more efficient than fires.
Camping stoves are the preferred alternative.
Camping trips are a part of the outdoor program and occur nearly every month.
Camping trips are convenient for potty training.
Camping trips can be an exciting way to build up life in a community.
Camping trips can go all the way down to the Gulf of Mexico.
Camping trips can range from one day to a few days to a full expedition.
Camping trips offer the best viewing opportunities.
Camping also is a top recreation enjoyed by area citizens.
Camping also is available at two public campgrounds.
Camping also is available.
Camping also is popular at the park.
Camping are a score more at least.
Camping are activities.
Camping are fun.
Camping are one of the most popular forms of recreation and vacationing in the United States.
Camping are outdoor activities.
Camping are recreational activities.
Camping Be selective of areas in order to minimize the impact on any one site.
Camping becomes a little more challenging too.
Camping becomes an option.
Camping becomes commonplace.
Camping belongs in campgrounds.
Camping brings a family closer together.
Camping builds character and confidence.
Camping can be a beautiful experience.
Camping can be a challenge, with hot days, cold nights and sometimes water shortages.
Camping can be a frugal family activity, or it can be an expensive sport.
Camping can be as well.
Camping can be cheap.
Camping can be fun and very relaxing.
Camping can be fun, too.
Camping can be one of life's most simple pleasures.
Camping can either be in the shade or in the sun.
Camping can energize the soul.
Camping can offer more challenges, since the food is selected for convenience and storage.
Camping can prolong a game to the point of sleep.
Camping covers a large subject area.
Camping encourages a healthy approach to life.
Camping gives families a time to be together, away from all the distractions of daily life.
Camping has a concentrated impact on campers.
Camping has full facilities available.
Camping helps individuals build confidence and increase independence.
Camping here can be quite smelly.
Camping Here is a fun book to introduce children to river travel by canoe.
Camping here is a real treat.
Camping here is always a raccoon event.
Camping here is available for tent camping only.
Camping here is noisy and cramped.
Camping here is open.
Camping here is usually full.
Camping included in admission, first come basis.
Camping includes both modern and primitive areas.
Camping includes showers and laundry privileges.
Camping inTENTsly Retails tents, sleeping bags, backpacks, and filters for camping.
Camping is a communal activity in a way.
Camping is a delightful and rewarding experience for children of all ages.
Camping is a dirty business, but ya gotta do what ya gotta do.
Camping is a favourite of many, and a great opportunity to commune with nature.
Camping is a field built on personal relationships and value systems.
Camping is a first in the master plan, even though it has occurred unregulated for many years.
Camping is a fun and inexpensive way to enjoy nature.
Camping is a fun way to teach self-reliance.
Camping is a good way to get back to nature and teach the family about wildlife.
Camping is a great alternative in good weather.
Camping is a great escape.
Camping is a great family activity.
Camping is a great getaway and a great way to get in some serious exercise, while having fun.
Camping is a great inexpensive way to get away as well as getting back to nature.
Camping is a great opportunity to meet all kinds of interesting people .
Camping is a great way to explore Mexico.
Camping is a great way to explore Ohio and spend quality time with family and friends.
Camping is a great way to introduce young children to the outdoors.
Camping is a great way to take a break from everything for a while.
Camping is a great, inexpensive family getaway.
Camping is a lot of fun, however, in spite of the planning and packing.
Camping is a magic word to the heart of a boy.
Camping is a method of Scouting that enhances and builds stronger programs and people.
Camping is a national pastime.
Camping is a perfect opportunity for family togetherness.
Camping is a popular pastime.
Camping is a popular way to enjoy the beaches.
Camping is a skill that can be used effectively in a game.
Camping is a small additional fee.
Camping is a strategy used in the real fucking world, and few people seem to realize that.
Camping is a time when coffee, a small comfort from home, is an absolute necessity.
Camping is a traditional activity undertaken on islands throughout the study area.
Camping is a unique experience.
Camping is a vital part of our region's ministry.
Camping is a wonderful vacation to be shared by grandchildren and grandparents.
Camping is abundant, with most campgrounds in the forest improved.
Camping is accommodated on a first-come basis.
Camping is actually pretty hard to do.
Camping is affordable, enjoyable and is a fantastic way to build family memories.
Camping is along sandy beaches within the canyon.
Camping is also a major activity here.
Camping is also a vailable.
Camping is also available adjacent to the group camp.
Camping is also available along the route whether in private or state campgrounds.
Camping is also available at numerous marinas.
Camping is also available at private facilities near each park entrance.
Camping is also available at several sites within the city.
Camping is also available at the marinas, and hookups are provided.
Camping is also available at the park.
Camping is also available at the village park in Wilton and at several other parks in the area.
Camping is also available five miles away.
Camping is also available here.
Camping is also available in the area.
Camping is also available in the beautiful Cape Breton Highlands National Park.
Camping is also available in the immediate area.
Camping is also available in the park, and several hotels are near the outskirts.
Camping is also available in the Park.
Camping is also available near the lake.
Camping is also available nearby.
Camping is also available on park grounds.
Camping is also available on the ranch near the cabin.
Camping is also available there.
Camping is also available two miles from the river.
Camping is also available with advance reservation.
Camping is also available.
Camping is also nearby.
Camping is also open to independents as long as they contribute to the ambiance of the event.
Camping is also possible at lower rate.
Camping is also possible here.
Camping is also possible.
Camping is also very popular in the region.
Camping is also welcome.
Camping is always a learning experience.
Camping is always available as well as some indoor sleeping space during cold weather.
Camping is an additional fee, depending on the choice of facilities available.
Camping is an alternative worth considering.
Camping is an imperfect solution, but is absolutely necessary until housing can be had by all.
Camping is an important learning experience for youngsters.
Camping is an inseparable part of Anatolian culture.
Camping is an interesting experience.
Camping is an option in summertime, or for the very foolish in winter.
Camping is an outdoor experience.
Camping is another fun option.
Camping is another option.
Camping is another popular past time at the recreational area.
Camping is another topic that has occupied several columns.
Camping is arranged through the management team.
Camping is as individual and diverse as the people who do it.
Camping is aslo available.
Camping is at a small, informal site with dry toilets.
Camping is available - toilets and shower facilities are provided.
Camping is available across from the Hot Springs on the French Broad River.
Camping is available all year round.
Camping is available all year.
Camping is available along the creek.
Camping is available along the lakeshore just an easy walk away.
Camping is available along the trail.
Camping is available along with teepee rentals.
Camping is available alongside the banks, and no permit is required.
Camping is available among the cedars.
Camping is available and most campgrounds are open spring through late fall.
Camping is available and showers and a swimming lake are nearby.
Camping is available and the trout fishing is renowned.
Camping is available and vendors are welcome.
Camping is available as are cabins and other accommodations in the near vicinity.
Camping is available as are gamefish permits.
Camping is available at a number of campgrounds in the Keystone area.
Camping is available at a number of sites along the lakeshore.
Camping is available at a state park.
Camping is available at both parks.
Camping is available at campgrounds in the recreation areas.
Camping is available at designated camp sites.
Camping is available at designated sites within the park.
Camping is available at many of the parks.
Camping is available at nearby state, private and federal campgrounds.
Camping is available at nearby state, private, and federal campgrounds.
Camping is available at Nevada Beach campground.
Camping is available at private campgrounds as well as at facilities run by the State of Michigan.
Camping is available at several campsites on the East Fork.
Camping is available at several nearby facilities.
Camping is available at several state parks.
Camping is available at state parks, state forest campgrounds and several private camping courts.
Camping is available at the back of the Trotting track near the river.
Camping is available at the campsite.
Camping is available at the county fairgrounds.
Camping is available at the fairgrounds.
Camping is available at the halfway point, Indian Gardens.
Camping is available at the Lake.
Camping is available at the marina.
Camping is available at the park.
Camping is available at the property as well as hearty home cooking and hospitality.
Camping is available at the rafting center.
Camping is available at the Silver Lake, Hog Island, and River Junction Recreation Areas.
Camping is available at the site but there are no hook-ups so be self contained.
Camping is available at the site or nearby.
Camping is available at the site, which includes water, showers and toilets.
Camping is available at the top end of the run, at Five Points.
Camping is available at the track.
Camping is available at two sites several miles away, to which there is frequent transportation.
Camping is available at very little cost or lodging is nearby.
Camping is available at walk-in campsites.
Camping is available but no hookups.
Camping is available by permit.
Camping is available by request.
Camping is available by reservation.
Camping is available for a fee.
Camping is available for a small fee.
Camping is available for participants.
Camping is available for self-contained vehicles.
Camping is available for tents and vehicles.
Camping is available here.
Camping is available in designated areas for a fee.
Camping is available in four improved campgrounds in the surrounding area.
Camping is available in most areas of France, depending on the season.
Camping is available in most park units and local communities provide lodging.
Camping is available in one of two areas on the property.
Camping is available in the area.
Camping is available in the developed park campgrounds.
Camping is available in the family campground.
Camping is available in the group camp area.
Camping is available in the park and boating, skiing, and swimming are permitted on the lake.
Camping is available in the park and makes a nice spot to break up the trip.
Camping is available in the park free of charge, but a permit is required.
Camping is available in the park year-round, though very crowded during the summer.
Camping is available in the park, and fees apply.
Camping is available in the park.
Camping is available in the Recreation Area a short distance from the track.
Camping is available in the state park.
Camping is available in the summer months.
Camping is available in the vicinity for that prefer high altitude sites.
Camping is available most everywhere, the average rate is twenty bucks for a site.
Camping is available nearby and the park offers ample parking for buses and trailers.
Camping is available nearby in both private facilities and state and national parks.
Camping is available nearby.
Camping is available next to the marina.
Camping is available on a first come basis.
Camping is available on a first come, first serve basis.
Camping is available on a first-come basis.
Camping is available on a rustic basis.
Camping is available on a year around basis for youth, adults, and families.
Camping is available on site with limited electrical.
Camping is available on site, complete with water, showers and toilet facilities.
Camping is available on site, with three meals a day provided.
Camping is available on site.
Camping is available on tent platforms or grassy ground.
Camping is available on the adjacent South Llano River State Park.
Camping is available on the airport, and lodging is nearby.
Camping is available on the Airport, but no hookups or showers are provided.
Camping is available on the east side of the lake.
Camping is available on the fairgrounds, both primitive and with hook-ups, for a nominal fee.
Camping is available on the field.
Camping is available on the grounds and there's a museum and gift shop open most days.
Camping is available on the grounds with limited electric hook ups.
Camping is available on the grounds, and equipped campgrounds are close by.
Camping is available on the grounds.
Camping is available on the islands only.
Camping is available on the property in Bluejacket Campground.
Camping is available on the property.
Camping is available on the river, and also overlooking the river.
Camping is available on Upper Pine Lake.
Camping is available only in designated campsites at public parks around the lake.
Camping is available only on islands, accessible only by boat.
Camping is available per day, or seasonal rates are available.
Camping is available spring through fall.
Camping is available there.
Camping is available throughout Colorado, especially near the rivers.
Camping is available too.
Camping is available with access to kitchen and bathroom facilities.
Camping is available with electric and primitive sites.
Camping is available with full facilities.
Camping is available with full hookups.
Camping is available with kitchen and bathroom facilities.
Camping is available with limited electrical hook-ups.
Camping is available with other lodging nearby.
Camping is available with ten miles.
Camping is available with toilet facilities only.
Camping is available within the park.
Camping is available year round at selected sites.
Camping is available year round at several campgrounds.
Camping is available year round.
Camping is available year-round at the park.
Camping is available year-round on all five islands.
Camping is available year-round.
Camping is available, along with dune buggy rentals nearby.
Camping is available, and recommended, to maximize the total experience.
Camping is available, as are boat rentals.
Camping is available, as well as cottage and house rentals.
Camping is available, as well as waterfowl, small game and dove hunting, when in season.
Camping is available, but it can be crowded and noisy.
Camping is available, however it is primitive.
Camping is available.
Camping is avialable in nearby state and private parks.
Camping is backcountry style.
Camping is banned altogether on islands.
Camping is booked on a first-come, first served basis and confirmed by payment in full only.
Camping is both a social and engine problem.
Camping is by advance permit only.
Camping is by reservation only in authorized campgrounds and campsites.
Camping is by reservation only.
Camping is by special arrangement only.
Camping is camping - tents can be provided, full bathrooms and electric.
Camping is characterized by transformation.
Camping is cheap and fun.
Camping is cheap, no booking needed.
Camping is closed during winter months.
Camping is closed to all within one quarter mile of a natural or man-made watering hole.
Camping is comfortable.
Camping is confined to a few sites.
Camping is considered a major recreational use of the area.
Camping is defined as temporarily living or occupying an area in the outdoors.
Camping is defined in the regulations as the use of park land for living accommodation purposes .
Camping is defined in the regulations as the use of park land for living accommodation purposes.
Camping is definitely a negative for a lot of reasons.
Camping is discouraged along the stream.
Camping is donations.
Camping is enclosed with adjacent parking.
Camping is encouraged on surrounding public lands.
Camping is encouraged, but there are no hook-ups for electricity and water.
Camping is extra.
Camping is fair here except for the strange noises emitted by the power lines.
Camping is fine out in the Rock Islands.
Camping is first come, first serve.
Camping is for free.
Camping is for the unskilled.
Camping is for vehicles with their own facilities.
Camping is forbidden by town ordinance and state regulation, both of which are enforced.
Camping is forbidden on the Galapagos Islands.
Camping is FREE - NO reservations needed.
Camping is free along the riverside during the event.
Camping is free and boats can be rented from area outfitters.
Camping is free and requires no reservations at the refuge campground.
Camping is free and very nearby.
Camping is free at both sites.
Camping is free at the track based on a first come first serve basis.
Camping is free but electrical outlets are in short supply .
Camping is free for our students.
Camping is free here.
Camping is free of charge, but a permit is required.
Camping is free on our grounds.
Camping is free the rest of the year.
Camping is free with the purchase of tickets.
Camping is free, and electrical hook up is available at additional cost.
Camping is free, but there is no water available.
Camping is free, motel is additional.
Camping is free.
Camping is fun.
Camping is good for the soul.
Camping is illegal in The Bahamas.
Camping is illegal within a quarter mile of the lake in the center of the cirque.
Camping is illegal.
Camping is in a large open field with no hookups.
Camping is in an open desert setting on an alluvial fan.
Camping is in cleared areas along the numerous creeks.
Camping is in designated sites for minimal impact on the surrounding vegetation.
Camping is in designated sites only.
Camping is in tents only, no facilities.
Camping is in the adjacent provincial park.
Camping is in well-sited exclusive locations.
Camping is included in the activity fee.
Camping is included in the ticket price.
Camping is included in the tickets.
Camping is included with a weekend pass.
Camping is inexpensive but distant.
Camping is just another strategy of the game.
Camping is just one of the many outdoor activities at California's national parks.
Camping is king at the state park with hundreds of tree shaded, fully serviced campsites.
Camping is less of a problem.
Camping is limited but there are plenty of places to stay.
Camping is limited by a lack of reliable water sources.
Camping is limited by both dry and wet weather conditions.
Camping is limited by the often unreliable water sources.
Camping is limited to approved high school and college classes.
Camping is limited to designated campgrounds only.
Camping is limited to designated campsites.
Camping is limited to four nights and four-person parties.
Camping is limited to seven consecutive days in any one location, unless otherwise posted.
Camping is limited to seven days.
Camping is limited to three consecutive days.
Camping is limited to three days.
Camping is limited to two nights during the spring, summer and fall.
Camping is limited, as tent sites are filling up quickly.
Camping is mixed between primitive and campgrounds.
Camping is more than just singing around the campfire and munching on S'mores.
Camping is mostly at dispersed sites with a few developed sites providing toilets.
Camping is nature's way of promoting the motel business.
Camping is needed more than ramps.
Camping is now also available for self-contained units week days at the Lakefront day use area.
Camping is offered at many state parks, for a modest fee.
Camping is offered at several public parks throughout the area.
Camping is often free in the city parks of small towns in the west and mid-west.
Camping is often the first adventure for kids learning independence.
Camping is OK in the clearing past the bridge and along the road before the bridge.
Camping is on a first come basis throughout the rest of the year.
Camping is on a first come basis, so arrive early for the best sites.
Camping is on a first come basis.
Camping is on a first come first serve basis.
Camping is on a first-come, first serve basis.
Camping is on a per night basis.
Camping is on a weekly basis.
Camping is on first come first served basis.
Camping is on Scenic, flat, barren terrain.
Camping is on the Airport grounds along with all the other Festival activities.
Camping is on the beach or behind the dunes.
Camping is on the beach under the stars.
Camping is on well-kept lawns with plenty of shade available.
Camping is one of the fastest growing recreational activities.
Camping is one of the most relaxing and affordable ways a family can enjoy a holiday.
Camping is one of the most valuable learning experiences a child can have.
Camping is one of the most valuable learning experiences a youngster can have.
Camping is only available during the summer months.
Camping is only possible in rural areas with permission from the landowner.
Camping is open all year on a first come first serve basis.
Camping is open all year on a first come first served basis.
Camping is open all year on a first come, first serve basis.
Camping is open to tents and trailers.
Camping is optional on the property and the beautifully finished barn sleeps six.
Camping is otherwise available on a first come basis.
Camping is our favorite thing to do.
Camping is particularly good, as they all end up happily ever after.
Camping is particularly popular in the Allegheny Mountain regions of the state.
Camping is permissible on all of the islands unless otherwise posted.
Camping is permitted along all the trails.
Camping is permitted along marked trails, and campfires generally are permitted.
Camping is permitted along the river unless otherwise posted.
Camping is permitted along the river.
Camping is permitted along the upper part of the trail.
Camping is permitted and encouraged.
Camping is permitted and horseback hunters are welcome.
Camping is permitted and the local guide service is well-developed.
Camping is permitted and there is a toilet, an emergency radio and some drinking water.
Camping is permitted and wildlife is abundant.
Camping is permitted anywhere along the canal lands, but there are no prepared campsites.
Camping is permitted anywhere along the highway except within one quarter mile of a water source.
Camping is permitted anywhere along the lake outside the developed areas.
Camping is permitted anywhere along the trail, making multi-day backpacking trips possible.
Camping is permitted anywhere along the trail.
Camping is permitted anywhere except in the trails and at trailheads.
Camping is permitted anywhere inside the park except at reasonably obvious archaeological sites.
Camping is permitted as long as it is away from the trail.
Camping is permitted at designated camping sites only.
Camping is permitted at designated sites by permit only.
Camping is permitted at five shelters.
Camping is permitted at no charge.
Camping is permitted at several campgrounds located around the lake.
Camping is permitted at special camping sites,with prior permission.
Camping is permitted at Sun Bay with a free permit.
Camping is permitted at the drop zone.
Camping is permitted at the reservoir, but reservations are recommended.
Camping is permitted but facilities are limited to restrooms.
Camping is permitted but limited to designated sites.
Camping is permitted but no facilities exist.
Camping is permitted by arrangement, as are swimming, diving and snorkeling.
Camping is permitted by reservation only.
Camping is permitted everywhere except on ruins and on cultivated land in south Greenland.
Camping is permitted everywhere, unless otherwise posted.
Camping is permitted here.
Camping is permitted in back-country areas.
Camping is permitted in designated areas by permit only.
Camping is permitted in designated areas of the speedway special events.
Camping is permitted in designated areas only.
Camping is permitted in designated areas.
Camping is permitted in designated campgrounds only.
Camping is permitted in designated campsites only.
Camping is permitted in designated primitive sites.
Camping is permitted in designated sites only.
Camping is permitted in most areas of the park.
Camping is permitted in neaerby designated grounds.
Camping is permitted in one campground in winter.
Camping is permitted in shelter areas only.
Camping is permitted in the area.
Camping is permitted in the canyon.
Camping is permitted in the designated area on the northeast part of the area.
Camping is permitted in the park for a minimal fee.
Camping is permitted in the park.
Camping is permitted on a first come basis.
Camping is permitted on all the park's islands.
Camping is permitted on any island unless otherwise posted.
Camping is permitted on four of the islands in the lake, as well as a variety of other places.
Camping is permitted on the dropzone.
Camping is permitted on the gliderport as part of soaring activity.
Camping is permitted on the islands.
Camping is permitted on the northern end.
Camping is permitted only at designated sites and shelters.
Camping is permitted only at designated stops.
Camping is permitted only at established campground.
Camping is permitted only at established campgrounds.
Camping is permitted only at private or public campgrounds.
Camping is permitted only at the Main Area Campground.
Camping is permitted only by reservation in authorized campgrounds and campsites.
Camping is permitted only in areas provided and designated for such use.
Camping is permitted only in authorized campground and campsites.
Camping is permitted only in authorized campgrounds.
Camping is permitted only in backpacker campsites.
Camping is permitted only in campgrounds.
Camping is permitted only in designated areas or with backcountry registration.
Camping is permitted only in designated areas.
Camping is permitted only in designated campgrounds.
Camping is permitted only in designated camping areas.
Camping is permitted only in designated camprounds.
Camping is permitted only in designated sites.
Camping is permitted only in park campgrounds or designated back-country sites.
Camping is permitted only in the campground.
Camping is permitted only in the council managed caravan park.
Camping is permitted only in the formal campsites.
Camping is permitted only within the designated space at Schoolhouse Bay.
Camping is permitted throughout the area.
Camping is permitted throughout the forest with seasonal fire restrictions.
Camping is permitted throughout the general forest area.
Camping is permitted with a free permit.
Camping is permitted with certain restrictions.
Camping is permitted, and food is available.
Camping is permitted, but be careful violent crimes have plagued some campgrounds.
Camping is permitted, call for info.
Camping is permitted, except on the frontal dunes.
Camping is permitted.
Camping is plentiful as well as motel accommodations.
Camping is plentiful whether it be bare bone or complete hookups.
Camping is plentiful, as is Door County cuisine - 'fishboils' and cherry pie.
Camping is poor due to the wetlands.
Camping is popular here.
Camping is popular in our area.
Camping is popular in the summer, and campsites are plentiful.
Camping is popular on the lake at Grizzly, Grasshopper and Lightning Tree Campgrounds.
Camping is popular throughout the park complex.
Camping is popular throughout the year.
Camping is possible along the way.
Camping is possible and tents are available for rent.
Camping is possible at some hostels.
Camping is possible for a maximum stay of two weeks.
Camping is possible if one has a tent and other necessary equipment.
Camping is possible near the mapping site but no water or food is available from local sources.
Camping is possible near the north and south ends of the island.
Camping is possible nearby.
Camping is possible, weather permitting.
Camping is possible.
Camping is primitive backcountry.
Camping is primitive in the wilderness.
Camping is primitive, with plenty of fresh, clean water, good showers, and clean porta-potties.
Camping is primitive.
Camping is provided if needed.
Camping is rare and is best confined to remoter areas.
Camping is real neat, it is a good time to get to know each other.
Camping is really an adventure for many boys who have joined our outpost recently.
Camping is really safe.
Camping is recommended close to the river.
Camping is restricted to designated areas.
Camping is restricted to designated campsites only.
Camping is restricted to designated sites and a permit is required.
Camping is restricted to designated sites.
Camping is restricted to established campgrounds only.
Camping is restricted to one RV or one tent and one car per site.
Camping is restricted to one tent and one car per site.
Camping is restricted to parties of nine or less.
Camping is restricted to seven consecutive days or less.
Camping is restricted to tents and certain locations on the field station property.
Camping is restricted to the campground.
Camping is restricted to the four backpack campgrounds.
Camping is restricted to the furnished sites, please.
Camping is safari style.
Camping is seasonal.
Camping is simply the art of staying in one spot and picking off opponents.
Camping is so boring.
Camping is social.
Camping is somewhat limited by lack of reliable water sources.
Camping is still closed for season.
Camping is still closed.
Camping is strung along the main road, and the social atmosphere suffers for it.
Camping is such a versatile pastime.
Camping is such fun.
Camping is suggested although hotel rooms can be found.
Camping is suggested only in the stable summer months.
Camping is supported by our members for a variety of reasons.
Camping is that change.
Camping is the best cheap accommodation.
Camping is the best thing for newbies to do.
Camping is the best way to explore Hawaii on budget.
Camping is the cheaper alternative.
Camping is the key.
Camping is the most inexpensive option.
Camping is the Number One outdoor vacation activity in America.
Camping is the obvious cheap option with the thrills and chills that go along with it.
Camping is the only lodging available in the park.
Camping is the only way to see Nepal.
Camping is the perfect way to experience it all.
Camping is the subject of constant bitching, but it does take a certain amount of cunning to do.
Camping is traditionally a mans sport.
Camping is under the stars and all equipment is provided.
Camping is unrestricted but a scarcity of water at upper elevations limits site choice.
Camping is unrestricted but wood never dries out under foggy skies.
Camping is unrestricted, but building campfires is difficult work due to persistent rain.
Camping is unrestricted, but shortage of firewood demands the use of stoves.
Camping is unrestricted, except on private inholdings.
Camping is unrestricted, fishing, firearms, powerboats and fixed wing aircraft are permitted.
Camping is usually done at commercial campgrounds and food is purchased nearby.
Camping is very difficult.
Camping is very fun and very easy.
Camping is very limited, but there are plenty of places to stay just outside the park.
Camping is very popular in Sweden.
Camping is very primitive.
Camping is vital to faith formation.
Camping is warm fires, bright stars and the whisper of the wind in the trees.
Camping is welcome.
Camping is where the real fun in Scouting takes place.
Camping is with a backpack.
Camping is year round and nationwide.
Camping is yet to be determined.
Camping is, after all, about escaping stress.
Camping lists a number of licensed campsites in Greece.
Camping means a lot to the most adventurous.
Camping needs lots of help.
Camping occurs on an island in the delta, there are NO toilets or showers.
Camping offers a more adventuresome alternative.
Camping offers a pleasurable way to enjoy the beauty of the Sea.
Camping passes purchased in advance are the way to go.
Camping prevails over sniping because it's exponentially less annoying.
Camping promotes family togetherness.
Camping provides a valuable opportunity to live as an individual in a group setting.
Camping provides a wonderful learning experience for children to connect with nature.
Camping provides additional opportunities for exploration and learning.
Camping provides girls with memories to last a life time.
Camping provides the unique opportunity to experience nature up-close.
Camping ranges from undeveloped spots to sites with water and electric hookups.
Camping remains a favorite family vacation.
Camping requires a fee year-round.
Camping requires a permit.
Camping requires a substantial investment - in money and in time.
Camping requires added physical and emotional effort, especially when the sky looks ominous.
Camping requires reservations, which are difficult to get because demand exceeds supply.
Camping See camping page .
Camping sounds good.
Camping takes up a lot of energy.
Camping teaches cooperation through playing, working, and planning with others.
Camping thereby enhances the ministry of the local congregation.
Campings are always more in-land then close to the beach.
Camping always fills up early so plan to register now.
Camping always seems to make food taste better.
All camping featured here is car and kid friendly.
All camping is based on a self serve registration and it is on a first come - first served basis.
All camping is designated family camping.
All camping is done on islands nearby.
All camping is for self contained only.
All camping is in designated campsites only, on a first come first serve basis.
All camping is limited to seven days.
All camping is on a first come first serve basis.
All camping is on level marked pitches.
All camping is primitive and there is only one maintained hiking trail.
All camping is primitive, no facilities or designated campsites exist.
All camping requires a permit.
Any camping including use of the lean to's, requires purchasing a camping permit.
Most camping is at canoe-access primitive sites.
Some camping is at primitive or semi-primitive sites with no facilities.
Some camping is available at our riverside launch.
Some camping is available at the first and fourth lakes.
Some camping is available in the metropolitan Atlanta area.
A campion is a flower
Campion captures some of colorful, people-rich New Delhi.
Campion emerges as a witty, modest and sympathetic hero fighting keenly for the highest principles.
Campion is a former editor of the paper.
Campion is a freshman studying computer engineering.
Campion is a native of Virginia.
Campion is adept at creating a certain film funk.
Campion is an air conditioned building.
Campion is an attractive hero.
Campion is at it again.
Campion is exasperated by women's confusion as well as by men's vanity.
Campion never changes.
Campion remains a gifted pure filmmaker.
Campion shakes that big head.
Campion Trails the northern section is now open.
Campion uses images to communicate crucial information.
Many Camporal organizers like to award points for an event to any team that competes in that event.
Camps Camps Click on a camp name to view more information.
Camps sites are abundant.
Camps sites fill up quickly.
Most campsite areas are shaded.
Campsite assignments are final.
Campsite capacities apply year round.
Campsite capacities apply year-round.
Campsite deposits are non refundable and non transferrable.
Campsite electricity is available for an additional fee.
Campsite equipment is limited to two tents OR one tent and one wheeled camping unit.
All campsite fees are per site, per night.
Campsite information is available from all major tourist centres.
Campsite initials are mandatory in the upper right corner on the front of the blue card.
Campsite numbers are limited reserve early.
Campsite occupancy is limited to eight people.
Campsite rental includes use of showers, hot tubs, and seasonal pool.
Campsite selection is also important.
Campsite selection is sometimes difficult.
Campsite service is available from nearby canoe liveries.
A campsite is a site
Campsite isa site.
Campsites also are available, and the fort offers a wide range of facilities and activities.
Campsites are a great place for partying.
Campsites are accessible along the way.
Campsites are accessible, and some are even free.
Campsites are all over the place.
Campsites are along the margin of the large rolling bog north of the bay.
Campsites are along the Nacimiento River.
Campsites are also available and there are restroom facilities.
Campsites are also available in conjunction with a couple of the outfitting operations.
Campsites are also available in the park.
Campsites are also available.
Campsites are available a few metres to the west of the north end of the portage.
Campsites are available along the route.
Campsites are available along the trail's length.
Campsites are available at the lake.
Campsites are available during the summer months.
Campsites are available first come first served.
Campsites are available for a modest fee and on a first-come basis.
Campsites are available for a small fee.
Campsites are available for motor homes, car trailers and tents.
Campsites are available for some larger trailers.
Campsites are available for tent or RV camping with complete hook-ups for electric and water.
Campsites are available for tents and trailers.
Campsites are available for the day, week and season.
Campsites are available in both state parks and range from downright primitive to cozy.
Campsites are available in some parks.
Campsites are available in special areas.
Campsites are available in the Park and swimming is safe in the deep freshwater pools.
Campsites are available in various places.
Campsites are available near all the projects.
Campsites are available on a first come first serve basis.
Campsites are available on a first-come basis and a modest fee is charged for each site.
Campsites are available on a first-come, first served basis only, no reservations.
Campsites are available on a first-come, first served basis.
Campsites are available on first come first served basis.
Campsites are available on nearby Windfall Island.
Campsites are available on or off the River.
Campsites are available opposite the park.
Campsites are available though the tuition remains the same.
Campsites are available with easy access to bathrooms and activities.
Campsites are available with water and some also have electrical hookups.
Campsites are available year-round and a fee is charged.
Campsites are available year-round.
Campsites are available, along with picnic tables, restrooms and grills.
Campsites are available, as well as boating, fishing, and other activities.
Campsites are available.
Campsites are basic but generally have a toilet and washing facilities.
Campsites are best on river sandbars and high dry tundra knobs.
Campsites are best on river sandbars and high, dry tundra knobs.
Campsites are comfortable, wildlife abundant, and the scenery spectacular.
Campsites are easy to find, unless low water levels cause the banks to be very muddy.
Campsites are equipped table and fire rings.
Campsites are first come, first serve.
Campsites are for family camping only.
Campsites are for the use of members and guests.
Campsites are generally available.
Campsites are generally primitive with only a fire ring.
Campsites are immediately to the left.
Campsites are large and wooded.
Campsites are large, grassy, and level.
Campsites are limited and half are available on a first-come basis and half by reservation.
Campsites are limited both because of the posted property and the swampy terrain.
Campsites are limited so be kind.
Campsites are limited to four with each including a fire ring, picnic table and a pit toilet.
Campsites are limited to one vehicle and one tent.
Campsites are limited to six people and two cars.
Campsites are more tent-friendly than most.
Campsites are mostly in flat areas.
Campsites are near the beach.
Campsites are nearly all accessible only by water.
Campsites are non-modern.
Campsites are numerous and of good quality.
Campsites are numerous around the western bays, on the shore, and in some places on tiny islets.
Campsites are on a first come first serve basis.
Campsites are on a first come, first serve basis so no reservations are needed.
Campsites are on a first come, first serve basis.
Campsites are on a first come-first served basis.
Campsites are on the rugged side.
Campsites are open all year round.
Campsites are open to the public.
Campsites are out of town, usually very smart and a bit expensive.
Campsites are overcrowded, and the campground is overused by groups.
Campsites are places.
Campsites are plentiful along the entire route.
Campsites are plentiful, both on the canyon rims and on the canyon floor.
Campsites are primitive along the water's edge.
Campsites are primitive and beautiful, often surrounded by towering pines.
Campsites are quiet and private, picnic and group camping facilities are available.
Campsites are quiet and shaded.
Campsites are remote and the pack station feels comfortable using the water.
Campsites are scarce and road access to the river is very limited.
Campsites are seasonal or nightly, and excellent sheltered dockage is available at each location.
Campsites are secluded backpack sites located on small lakes and ponds approx.
Campsites are shady, but there are no hookups or electricity.
Campsites are sites.
Campsites are sometimes rare, especially up North.
Campsites are spacious and secluded, and provide great swimming places.
Campsites are subject to availability.
Campsites are the only accommodations.
Campsites are throughout the district.
Campsites are to be used only with permission of the owner.
Campsites are usually smart and a bit expensive.
Campsites are usually town or county parks.
Campsites are without power.
Campsites are, where possible, tucked out of sight.
Campsites attract the adventure seeker, hiker, or tourist ready for some much needed relaxation.
Campsites can accommodate tents, trailers or motor homes.
Campsites consist of a cleared area, fire ring, and table.
Campsites consist of a table, fireplace, and a tent or trailer space.
Campsites dot the shoreline, and overnight lodging and dining is nearby.
Campsites have a picnic table, pedistal grill, and water nearby.
Campsites have concrete pads, covered picnic tables, grills, and fire rings.
Campsites have either fire ring grills or box grills, all of which allow campfires.
Campsites have electrical, water and sewer hook-ups.
Campsites have electricity at each site with a beautiful view of the lake.
Campsites have fire rings at the ground level with a metal grate covering about onethird of the top.
Campsites have fire rings.
Campsites have full hook-ups.
Campsites have grills set on a concrete base buried in the ground.
Campsites have latrines and water pumps nearby.
Campsites have latrines, refuse and recycling containers and water pumps nearby.
Campsites have outdoor fireplaces, picnic tables, water, electric and sewer hookups.
Campsites have picnic table, BBQ grill and water.
Campsites have picnic tables and grills.
Campsites have picnic tables, fire rings and food lockers.
Campsites have picnic tables, fire rings, and food lockers.
Campsites have picnic tables, fireplaces, and nearby water and restrooms.
Campsites have toilets, water, tables and fire rings.
Campsites here are easy to find, even on weekends.
Campsites here are like the best seats at a travelogue showing.
Campsites lie along the east side on a slight knoll above the water.
Campsites offer excellent opportunities for boating, fishing, water sports or relaxing.
Campsites offer nothing beyond a clearing in the trees suitable for pitching a tent or two.
Campsites Offers two man wall tents with cots and mattresses in twelve Summer Camp Sites.
Campsites Offers two man wall tents with cots and mattresses.
Campsites open all year.
Campsites overlook the crystal-clear waters of Fort Gibson Lake.
Campsites provide even longer periods for studying and experiencing a location.
Campsites range from basic to electric hookups.
Campsites range from semi-primitive to well maintained.
Campsites range from shady oak groves to wide sandbars and beaches.
Campsites range from tent areas to fully equipped chalets.
Campsites range from undeveloped to ones with water and electric hook-ups.
Campsites vary a great deal in quality and services provided.
Campsites vary from heavily wooded to open and sunny.
Campsites vary from primitive tent sites to campsites with water and electrical hookups.
Campsites vary from primitive to state parks with bathroom facilities and hot showers.
Campsites wilderness or platform tents with cots.
All campsites are accessible by boat only.
All campsites are along the creek surrounded by spruce and fir trees.
All campsites are available on a first come, first serve basis.
All campsites are available on a first come-first served basis.
All campsites are convenient to comfort stations and showers.
All campsites are in a secluded forested area.
All campsites are just a short walk from our central washrooms.
All campsites are level with concrete pads, cable TV, and the three standard hookups.
All campsites are level, spacious and wooded.
All campsites are on a first come first served basis.
All campsites are on a first come, first serve basis.
All campsites are on the water's edge and include electrical and potable water.
All campsites are open and reservable.
All campsites are open.
All campsites are reservable.
All campsites are within a five minute walk of the beach.
All campsites are within an easy walk of comfort stations and showers.
All campsites are within walking distance of restrooms with hot showers.
All campsites are within walking distance to the festival grounds.
All campsites come complete with a kitchen, dining areas, and general assembly areas.
All campsites contain at least two picnic tables, with one being under cover of the shelter.
All campsites have a fire ring, picnic table and grill.
All campsites have a kybo, water supply, and washstands.
All campsites have a picnic table and a designated fire pit.
All campsites have a picnic table and a fireplace.
All campsites have a picnic table and a grill.
All campsites have a picnic table and fire ring.
All campsites have a picnic table, fire ring, and a food locker.
All campsites have a picnic tables, campfire rings and bbq grills.
All campsites have a table, benches and grill.
All campsites have a table, benches, and grill.
All campsites have basic facilities with toilets and tap water.
All campsites have electrical and water hook-ups.
All campsites have electricity and the toilet buildings have flush toilets and showers.
All campsites have hard surfaced parking pads.
All campsites have hard, surfaced parking pads.
All campsites have in-ground grills for cooking and campfires.
All campsites have picnic tables and fire rings.
All campsites have picnic tables and fireplaces.
All campsites have picnic tables with ridge poles, tip-off grate fireplaces and privies.
All campsites have picnic tables, fire rings and ample parking.
All campsites have picnic tables, fire rings and grills.
All campsites have tables, fire rings, and fire grates on site.
All campsites have tent pad, picnic table, water, a fire pit, and grill.
All campsites have tent pads, fireplaces, drinking water, picnic tables, and firewood.
All campsites have their own sets of rules regarding safety.
All campsites have water and electricity hookups.
All campsites have water, electricity, sewer and a picnic table.
All campsites have water.
Every campsite appears to have some type of barbecue facility.
Every campsite comes with water and electrical hook-ups.
Every campsite has an outdoor toilet, tent pads, and fire grills.
Every campsite has an outdoor toilet, tentpads and fire-grills.
Every campsite has an view of the teal-blue waters of the Keys.
Every campsite has space for at least one to two more tents, if necessary.
Every campsite is left cleaner than it is found.
Every campsite is supplied with a picnic table and an electrical outlet.
Many campsite are accessible by kayak and fresh water is easy to find.
Many campsites accept reservations.
Many campsites are also open during the summer.
Many campsites are available on the larger and smaller islands here.
Many campsites are for campers seeking a fun filled vacation while others offer quiet and seclusion.
Many campsites are only accessible by canoe or foot.
Many campsites have chopping blocks for cutting firewood.
Many campsites have electric hookups.
Many campsites have facilities for the disabled.
Many campsites have only a toilet with a water tank attached.
Many campsites offer a hire service.
Many campsites provide a view of the beach and most are situated in a white pine and poplar forest.
Most campsites are along the creek surrounded by spruce and fir trees.
Most campsites are at waters edge with easy boat access.
Most campsites are available through advance reservations.
Most campsites are by the seaside, and they are also more numerous near the natural parks .
Most campsites are on or near the river bank or on one of the area's seven sandpit lakes.
Most campsites are only accessible by water-craft.
Most campsites are packed dirt and gravel.
Most campsites are primitive however, with no running water or toilet facilities.
Most campsites are primitive, however, with no running water or toilet facilities.
Most campsites are well shaded.
Most campsites can accommodate the larger recreational vehicles.
Most campsites can recover completely from a limited amount of use.
Most campsites have a potential Himalayan mountainscape view.
Most campsites have electricity and water and are located in wooded areas.
Most campsites have the basic amenities and some have caravans and huts which are rented out.
Most campsites use self-registration at visitor centers or ranger stations.
Some campsites also charge a surcharge for a car.
Some campsites are available year-round.
Some campsites are better than others.
Some campsites are in shaded areas while others are in open areas.
Some campsites are open year-round and shuttle services are available at some campgrounds.
Some campsites have a toilet, either at the site or at a nearby river site.
Some campsites have food storage lockers or contraptions for hanging food.
Some campsites have outhouses or boom boxes in place.
Some campsites here are a bit narrow, but adequate.
Some campsites offer nice long-range views.
Some campsites offer trailer sites, cabins and sites with electricity and satellite TV hookups.
Most campus activism surrounds causes on a strongly liberal agenda.
Campus activities can return to normal and voluntary reductions in energy can cease.
Campus activities provide much more than a good time and a way to make new friends.
Campus activities range from involvement in student government to band to business clubs.
Campus apartments are available to upper-class students through an annual housing selection process.
Campus cards are available for one dollar from a vending machine in the meeting place.
Some campus centers have scholarship funds available.
Campus clubs offer a comfortable environment for students to meet one another.
Campus clubs range from academic to religious, athletic to special interests.
All campus clubs have faculty advisers who attend club meetings and support the club programs.
Campus cops are the worst.
Campus housing includes coed and single-sex living areas.
Campus housing includes five residence centers and several apartment units.
Campus housing includes ground-level apartments designed and equipped for the physically disabled.
Campus housing is air-conditioned.
Campus housing is also available for married students whose spouses are also students.
Campus housing is also economical when compared to similar housing in the area.
Campus housing is arranged by application.
Campus housing is assigned on a first-registration basis.
Campus housing is available and fairly inexpensive.
Campus housing is available at a reasonable fee.
Campus housing is available both on and off campus.
Campus housing is available for a fee.
Campus housing is available for a reasonable fee and strongly recommended.
Campus housing is available for all incoming transfer students.
Campus housing is available for full-time students on a space available basis .
Campus housing is available for students with families.
Campus housing is available for students.
Campus housing is available for transfer students.
Campus housing is available for undergraduate students.
Campus housing is available for up to two nights, beginning the night before the program begins.
Campus housing is available in the summer for individuals and for families.
Campus housing is available on each campus.
Campus housing is available to incoming freshmen.
Campus housing is available year-round.
Campus housing is available, but most graduate students rent private apartments.
Campus housing is available.
Campus housing is awarded to readmitted students on a space-available basis.
Campus housing is awarded to transfer students on a space-available basis.
Campus housing is closed between semesters with the exception of specifically designated units.
Campus housing is closed between semesters.
Campus housing is comparable in expense to off-campus alternatives.
Campus housing is filled to capacity for the upcoming academic year.
Campus housing is formalized with a housing contract and a deposit.
Campus housing is full, and there is a waiting list.
Campus housing is guaranteed for all four years.
Campus housing is guaranteed, and residence hall options include an international living center.
Campus housing is in great demand during the summer.
Campus housing is in Heritage Halls.
Campus housing is limited to completion of a single degree.
Campus housing is limited.
Campus housing is managed as an integral part of a student's educational experience.
Campus housing is more economical than comparable accommodations in the neighborhood of the campus.
Campus housing is provided as part of the award.
Campus housing is provided at lower cost than local rental rates.
Campus housing is provided for all undergraduate students.
Campus housing is provided for students in a modern air-conditioned facility.
Campus housing is provided if necessary.
Campus housing is provided to successful applicants.
Campus housing is varied and is available for all four years.
Campus housing is very limited in Indianapolis.
All campus housing has air conditioning.
All campus housing has direct phone, internet and cable tv connections, at a nominal rent.
All campus housing is suite style.
Campus interview is required for finalists.
Campus life bears certain romantic connotations of heated debate and radical ideologies.
Campus life creates an extraordinary opportunity for spiritual exploration.
Campus life creates lifetime friendships.
Campus life dies as students return home .
Campus life encompasses a wide range of interests and talents.
Campus life enriches the college experience in a very special way.
Campus life fosters an atmosphere of mutual respect, in which members of the nationalities.
Campus life includes a wide range of musical, theatrical, sporting, and social events.
Campus life includes intramural athletics , active student organizations, and cultural attractions.
Campus life includes many on and off-campus activities.
Campus life includes recreational sports , active student organizations, and cultural attractions.
Campus life is a glimpse at our weekly meetings, announcements, socials, and our calendar.
Campus life is an interesting experience.
Campus life is busy and rewarding.
Campus life is dynamic, orderly, rigorous, and joyful.
Campus life is enhanced by the cultural and social activities in Galveston.
Campus life is friendly and informal.
Campus life is full of excitement, especially at the beginning or the end of a semester.
Campus life is governed by the observance of the Honor Code.
Campus life is integral to the Lyon experience.
Campus life is listed as another strength by students.
Campus life is on another drawing card.
Campus life is pretty good.
Campus life is really about joining a club.
Campus life is really cool.
Campus life is rich and diverse.
Campus life is tense, to say the least.
Campus life means meeting new friends.
Campus life offers a plethora of events each quarter.
Campus life offers many opportunities to initiate and develop friendships.
Campus life offers students many artistic and scholarly opportunities.
Campus life permits growth in student government, athletics, fine arts, and community service.
Campus life provides a great range of opportunities for personal growth.
Campus life provides many opportunities for cultural enrichment and emotional growth.
Campus life provides rich opportunities to learn together.
Campus life reflects a small college atmosphere.
Campus map are available on request.
Campus map is available on request.
Campus maps are also available online.
Campus maps are also available through the world wide web.
Campus maps are also available.
Campus maps are available at the information booths.
Campus maps are available at the Information desk, the circulation desk, and at the reference desks.
Campus maps are available from a box inside the college gates.
Campus maps are available here .
Campus maps are available inside.
Campus maps are available.
Campus maps are inside the catalogs.
Campus maps illustrating accessible entrances to buildings are available.
Campus maps indicating parking are available at registration.
Campus maps use a zone locational system.
Campus ministries are active and often work together.
Campus ministries are constantly in change because of the schedule of academic life.
Campus ministries engage in discussion, evangelism and discipleship on-line.
Campus ministries have a direct advantage.
Campus ministries provide opportunities to become involved in ministry and in community.
Campus ministry brings commonality.
Campus ministry has numerous files on local and international volunteer opportunities.
Campus ministry is a place where students can try things.
Campus ministry is an important part of what the university provides to students of all faiths.
Campus ministry is essentially ministry in higher education.
Campus ministry is hard and takes time.
Campus ministry is many things to many people.
Campus ministry is the place where ecumenism is really being explored.
Campus ministry offers experiences of word and sacrament, prayer and service, reflection and action.
All campus ministry is strongly ecumenical.
Most campus ministries emphasize reflection over action.
Most campus ministries have some compensation for their student peer ministers.
Campus networks remain a major bottle neck.
Campus newspapers carry stories and banners wish the teams success.
Some campus newspapers receive some or all of their funding from the college.
Campus placements are extremely crucial for companies who pick up fresh talent off colleges.
Campus police advise students to lock their doors whenever they leave their rooms.
Campus police agree.
Campus police answer a variety of calls.
Campus police are security services.
Campus police are visible daily driving up and down, all around campus.
Campus police are well trained.
Campus police can escort persons to the parking lot, and can jump-start and unlock cars as needed.
Campus police can only capp fraternity and sorority houses.
Campus police do a good job.
Campus police have a wider variety of duties compared to other agencies.
Campus police is available, but tend to be laid back.
Campus police log incident listed.
Campus police patrol the grounds on bicycles.
Campus police receive constant requests to violate the seniority process.
Campus police remain armed today.
Campus police report that the center stalks of eight corn rows had been knocked over.
Campus police teach women to fight back against rapists.
Campus rape is a crime without punishment.
Campus rape is a fact of life.
Campus rape is a national scandal and growing.
Many campus rapes involve the use of alcohol.
Most campus rapes are alcohol-related.
Most campus rapes start in the reading room.
Campus recruitment is important for companies.
Campus recruitment is once again a hot market.
Campus recruitments are a long, drawn out, rigid process in engineering colleges around India.
Campus security is a high priority.
Campus security is also a high priority.
Campus security is also responsible for the enforcement of campus parking and traffic regulations.
Campus security is available for escort service.
Campus security is everyone's job.
Campus security is provided through police services as well as non-police services.
Campus security is provided through security guards employed by the university.
Campus security passes people by who are holding beer cans.
Campus security provides good emergency care.
Campus security responds to students on campus and to calls for assistance.
Campus security utilizes the resources and expertise of other state enforcement agencies as needed.
Campus tour are also available.
Campus tour begins promptly at the designated time and lasts approximately two hours.
Campus tours are a great way to learn about Dickinson.
Campus tours are also available for students and parents, by appointment.
Campus tours are also available to help students with making their decisions.
Campus tours are also available.
Campus tours are also part of the program.
Campus tours are also possible for large groups by prior arrangement.
Campus tours are available and lunch is served in a residence hall.
Campus tours are available anytime.
Campus tours are available before or after each session.
Campus tours are available both day and evening by appointment.
Campus tours are available by contacting the admissions office.
Campus tours are available by request.
Campus tours are available following each of the information sessions.
Campus tours are available for all in the afternoon.
Campus tours are available for groups and individuals.
Campus tours are available in conjunction with the interview appointment or separately.
Campus tours are available several times each day.
Campus tours are available through the admissions office.
Campus tours are available through the admissions offices and usually include a typical room.
Campus tours are available through the office of admissions.
Campus tours are available upon request.
Campus tours are available weekdays.
Campus tours are available which include a visit to a residence hall.
Campus tours are available year round.
Campus tours are available year-round.
Campus tours are available, and other activities continue throughout the day.
Campus tours are available.
Campus tours can be a wonderful way of unearthing specific details about a college.
Campus tours follow at noon.
Campus tours leave regularly throughout the morning.
Campus tours run daily during change of preference period.
Campus tours vary from one college to the next.
Most campus tours focus on buildings and sites on the outside.
A campus is a field
Campus advises the successful financing vendor that their quote has been accepted.
Campus begins at next stop sign.
Campus begins preliminary review of new revenues and requests.
Campus calls only require users to dial the last four digits.
Campus can be one of the coldest places on earth.
Campus care The student health centers reflect the collective student bodies in many ways.
Campus COOL Fitting in is a big part of college - sometimes too big.
Campus dining maps and brochures are available on request.
Campus directories with maps.
Campus does provide some software at low prices or for free.
Campus expand grants and contracts oversight services.
Campus experiences major growth in external funding.
Campus favorites other than faculty members have been sung about, too.
Campus features two theaters, bowling lanes and other recreational facilities.
Campus help resources.
Campus holds discussions on issues of date rape drugs and sexual assault.
Campus hosts high school artists.
Campus incorporates an environmentally friendly permaculture design.
Campus is a complete mess.
Campus is a few blocks ahead, just over the railroad tracks.
Campus is a great neutral ground.
Campus is a place to air controversial ideas without fear of reprisals.
Campus is a secure work area.
Campus is about one mile from the exit.
Campus is accessible for individuals with physical disabilities.
Campus is accessible via public transportation, plus students are provided with parking permits.
Campus is accessible.
Campus is also employer influenced, and all degrees require internships.
Campus is an active and exciting place to work, and there's always lots going on.
Campus is an easy stroll.
Campus is approx.
Campus is approximately one mile on right.
Campus is basically a very safe place to live and to work.
Campus is beautiful when the first snow falls.
Campus is closed.
Campus is crowded.
Campus is currently age-defined.
Campus is divided roughly into three parts.
Campus is down here.
Campus is examined for energy efficiency .
Campus is fully accessible for handicapped individuals.
Campus is geographically close to several metropolitan areas.
Campus is great after a rain being that it is mainly sand and pine straw.
Campus is immediately to the left.
Campus is in Cambridge.
Campus is in picturesque Northern California coastal village.
Campus is mile north.
Campus is nice when everyone is gone.
Campus is now abloom with flowering dogwood, redbud and other native trees.
Campus is on left.
Campus is on right.
Campus is on right-hand side about a half mile.
Campus is on the left.
Campus is on the right side.
Campus is on the right, half a mile from highway.
Campus is on the right.
Campus is on the right-hand side.
Campus is on the rt.
Campus is on the second floor.
Campus is one mile on left.
Campus is one mile south.
Campus is our most frequently replicated space.
Campus is safe and secure for all students.
Campus is shown where each course is offered and a link to course description is given.
Campus is so diverse it rocks.
Campus is spacious, and located in East Lansing, adjacent to the state capital in Lansing.
Campus is straight ahead.
Campus is the system's flagship institution.
Campus is too small and the parking is bad.
Campus is two blocks down on left.
Campus is two miles down on the left.
Campus is under construction - please call for specific accessibility information.
Campus is visible to the right.
Campus is way too quiet.
Campus is within two miles.
Campus living allows any full-time student the opportunity to secure campus housing.
Campus living, thy name be convenience.
Campus means one of the campuses of a unit.
Campus needs central anchor points.
Campus needs full funding.
Campus needs to crack down on solicitation by fining vendors without permits.
Campus needs to ensure that segregation of functions is enforced.
Campus offers a great work environment that promotes employee development and growth.
Campus offers a pool and fitness center and coordinated activities and wellness programs.
Campus offers excellent research, language study, cultural and sports facilities.
Campus offers six different residence halls, with either co-ed or same sex halls available.
Campus open no classes.
Campus overlooks Colorado's highest peaks.
Campus prepares for inevitable winter weather.
Campus prepares to welcome students.
Campus proposes mandatory fee increases and special budget item requests.
Campus provides adequate opportunities for involvement in ministry.
Campus recruiting procedures vary from school to school.
Campus recruits to report later.
Campus related violations include both academic and non-academic misconduct.
Campus reports Each campus gave a brief update of their progress.
Campus reports given during dinner to allow more time for discussion in small groups on data.
Campus reports Individual reports are on the Web.
Campus reports The campuses provided reports on the mock registration.
Campus reports The council members presented printed reports from the campuses.
Campus resends batch file if necessary.
Campus run around.
Campus seminars with the department.
Campus sends batch file.
Campus squirrels pt.
Campus takes donations for Turkish earthquake survivors.
Campus tours Financial aid information and much more.
Campus tours Many sessions repeat at various times during the day.
Campus use only.
Campus views Pictures of the campus.
Campus walk to observe weeds in turf and landscape plantings.
Campus works .
Campuses add or discontinue certificates periodically.
Campuses also appreciate letters asking for more information.
Campuses also can suffer socially because of a lack of gender balance.
Campuses also choose different points within the range for initial salaries.
Campuses also use some of their rainy day reserves for campus improvements.
Campuses appear to be willing to assume the value of technology-enriched courses.
Campuses appreciate the help they get from the host sites for security issues .
Campuses appreciate the help they get from the host sites for security issues.
Campuses are alive again.
Campuses are already over crowed.
Campuses are both international and multi-ethnic in composition.
Campuses are fields.
Campuses are ground.
Campuses are happy enough with budget process.
Campuses are hotbeds for encouraging the urban myth, and most campuses have their own campus myth.
Campuses are in California and New York.
Campuses are like people.
Campuses are more stridently pro-choice than ever before.
Campuses are no longer a collection of buildings, desks, chairs and books.
Campuses are now to focus on meeting revenue targets rather than enrollment targets.
Campuses are on the second page.
Campuses are one of the natural places for different religions to operate.
Campuses are places for organizing politically for several causes.
Campuses are responsible for all local hardware and networking.
Campuses are responsible for distribution to local newspapers and media markets.
Campuses are responsible for the implementation process at their locations.
Campuses are still among the most diverse and democratically vibrant places in the country.
Campuses are still in charge of their calendars.
Campuses are to have common practices and procedures for purchasing operations.
Campuses avoid the related administration and costs.
Campuses bear the expense of staff time and travel.
Campuses can also maintain local CRLs.
Campuses can decide on what they want to do.
Campuses can develop own procedures to deal with complaints.
Campuses can expect to be contacted by portal vendors in the near future.
Campuses can have libraries, lecture halls, and parks.
Campuses can now make local determination of what programs to fund.
Campuses can now use the power of technology to reach new distances and even profitability levels.
Campuses can offer early academic outreach activities that enrich after school experiences.
Campuses can present documentation to justify non-standard mappings for particular courses.
Campuses continue to experience parking shortages during peak times.
Campuses everywhere strive to give students the timely, dependable service they deserve.
Campuses extend north to Baltimore, Maryland, and south to Richmond, Virginia.
Campuses have a number of resources to help students manage their part of the financing partnership.
Campuses have a responsibility to prepare students to go out into American society as it is.
Campuses have a tremendous opportunity for impact.
Campuses have adequate classroom space and a low student-teacher ratio.
Campuses have adequate guidelines to provide services.
Campuses have greater flexibility in the use and allocation of budget dollars.
Campuses have more flexibility regarding departmental review for award of SSIs.
Campuses have notoriously poor food choice for vegans.
Campuses have the flexibility to modify lists each year, including year one.
Campuses have the right to award their own funds as they see fit.
Campuses have to recognize that technology support is key to having quality online courses.
Campuses have to wait weeks for technology support.
Campuses hold weekly, monthly, or quarterly meetings based on the academic school year.
Campuses hope to continue to look to the South and North Host Sites for help .
Campuses hope to continue to look to the South and North Host Sites for help.
Campuses implement review procedures to ensure compliance.
Campuses keep all revenue tuition whether above or below.
Campuses keep working harder and harder at efficiencies.
Campuses look nice on the outside and on the inside.
Campuses never have sunsets, they only have sunrises.
Campuses now have more discretion in allocating the funds.
Campuses offer between two and five sessions during the summer, lasting from four to nine weeks.
Campuses offer incentives, too.
Campuses operating as year-round schools are exempt from the legislation.
Campuses participate in the project in different ways.
Campuses provide opportunities for parents and staff participation in making campus decisions.
Campuses provide supplemental support, such as fee remission and additional stipends.
Campuses retain revenues received from continuing education, fees, and auxiliary enterprise income.
Campuses seek compromise over popular bandwidth hog.
Campuses then develop procedures for their specific environments that comply with the guidelines.
Campuses use their site based decision-making process to do so.
Campuses vary somewhat in how broadly intramural funding has been distributed.
Campuses often offer day care at a reduced rate for students, faculty, and staff.
Campuses often revolve around something that they can respond to.
Campuses often use gift clubs to maintain leadership-level giving and inspire new gifts.
Campuses sometimes sponsor mentorship programs.
All campuses also offer a variety of financial aid programs.
All campuses also offer classroom instruction as an alternative.
All campuses also offer tutoring by trained upper division and graduate students.
All campuses are accessible by public transportation.
All campuses are accessible.
All campuses are large enough for diversity, small enough for individual attention.
All campuses are near public bus routes.
All campuses are proportionately well-represented in the published book.
All campuses are unique.
All campuses are well serviced by public transport during business hours.
All campuses are within a few minutes' driving distance.
All campuses are within easy reach of one another and are connected by a free bus service.
All campuses conduct a districtwide effort to publicize the new code of conduct.
All campuses have a listing of classroom assignments posted.
All campuses have a mission to their community.
All campuses have a TV and cable to the classroom.
All campuses have cafeteria service.
All campuses have computers with CD roms and Internet access in the classroom.
All campuses have electronic card catalogs in the libraries.
All campuses have libraries, counselors, and nurses.
All campuses have outstanding sports and recreational facilities.
All campuses have parking available for students enrolled at district colleges.
All campuses have paths across the grass or off the sidewalks where students tend to walk.
All campuses have some sort of support system in place.
All campuses have vending machines offering hot and cold drinks and snacks.
All campuses now employ district personnel as visiting or adjunct faculty.
All campuses now have such a fee.
All campuses observe the same admissions deadlines, but registration times do differ.
All campuses offer dormitory housing with choices in living arrangements.
All campuses offer master of arts, master of science, and doctor of philosophy degree programs.
All campuses offer preparation for engineering majors.
All campuses offer tutoring by trained upper division and graduate students.
All campuses provide a wealth of services and activities.
All campuses provide both liberal arts and career programs.
All campuses provide services for families with children in residence.
All campuses receive the identical job listings daily.
All campuses use a semester calendar, with two terms per academic year, plus a summer session.
All campuses use a semester calendar, with two terms per academic year, plus summer sessions.
All campuses work with faculty, to develop and promote students' health and personal development.
Every campus also offers a set of mentoring and tutoring services.
Every campus can easily have the first two.
Every campus can submit nominees for consideration.
Every campus has a contact person for student aid.
Every campus has a full service salon clinic in the school.
Every campus has a heart.
Every campus has a place where students can go to relax.
Every campus has a sexual harassment policy.
Every campus has it s curiosities.
Every campus has laptops that can be checked out from the library.
Every campus has old file cabinets and forgotten volumes which deserve to be explored.
Every campus has one or more.
Every campus has optional afternoon and weekend trips as well as numerous volunteer opportunities.
Every campus is encouraged to participate.
Every campus is served.
Every campus needs a quiet place for members of the community.
Many campuses also have inadequate staffs for software implementation, support and maintenance.
Many campuses are already overrun with temporary buildings.
Many campuses are closed, yet ministries flourish.
Many campuses are colorful at times of the year because of flower gardens.
Many campuses are either coastal or along large rivers, adding to their attraction.
Many campuses are well on their way to achieving such support.
Many campuses claim to have a strategic plan for information technology.
Many campuses do have all of their forms online and downloadable.
Many campuses expect the Greek system to provide students with social activities.
Many campuses have different policies.
Many campuses have guidelines that address the use of computing resources.
Many campuses have no student code against sports betting.
Many campuses have official non-traditional student support groups.
Many campuses have official nontraditional student support groups.
Many campuses have space available in the residence halls.
Many campuses have special rooms available for student groups.
Many campuses have specific organizations for off-campus students.
Many campuses hold several job fairs every year.
Many campuses like to program during that time to tag along with the national media interest.
Many campuses look very uninviting.
Many campuses negotiate employment contracts in advance of the starting date for employment.
Many campuses now require students to take at least one diversity course in order to graduate.
Many campuses offer a number of options from traditional residence hall living to high-rises.
Many campuses offer bachelor's degree programs that take five years.
Many campuses offer free E-mail accounts to their students.
Many campuses offer free e-mail accounts.
Many campuses offer online tours.
Many campuses offer summer camps and programs designed for younger students.
Many campuses provide tutoring services for students.
Many campuses still offer only cafeteria foods and fast foods.
Many campuses train each other.
Many campuses try to keep their screenings to the length of a college class period.
Many campuses use gopher to organize on- line databases.
Most campuses admit all qualified applicants.
Most campuses allow limited free access to facilities to student groups.
Most campuses already have student information systems that are similar to each other.
Most campuses also provide a range of vending machines for drinks and snacks.
Most campuses also provide an on-line directory for students and staff at that particular college.
Most campuses also seek input from individuals and agencies external to the campus.
Most campuses are actually more accommodating to bikers than drivers.
Most campuses are compliant or on schedule with their complaint standards.
Most campuses become more impersonal as they expand student numbers.
Most campuses follow an approach similar to one chosen.
Most campuses have a history of budgeting for academic computing.
Most campuses have a housing office to help.
Most campuses have a process for applying for university recognition.
Most campuses have a robust infrastructure already installed.
Most campuses have academic and personal support services that are free and confidential.
Most campuses have active Christian ministries and support for Christian students.
Most campuses have ample work available.
Most campuses have an office for students with special needs.
Most campuses have billboards in all the academic buildings, classrooms and even in the dorms.
Most campuses have courses or centers to improve teaching.
Most campuses have dozens or even hundreds of student organizations.
Most campuses have embarrassing gaps in their programs.
Most campuses have forms to accommodate that process.
Most campuses have no recalls.
Most campuses have one online.
Most campuses have stable hardware and networking environments.
Most campuses have their own library catalogs as well.
Most campuses have units that provide general support to all faculty.
Most campuses have various services and facilities for student groups.
Most campuses now pay insufficient collegial attention to pedagogy.
Most campuses offer career's advice and have job placment programs.
Most campuses offer individual or group tutoring in writing.
Most campuses offer undergraduate studies but some courses are only available at a specific campus.
Most campuses permit nominations for the awards.
Most campuses provide evaluation forms for their students.
Most campuses provide for faculty to charge course-related copying back to their division accounts.
Most campuses require a record of immunizations prior to registration or enrollment.
Most campuses require purchase of health insurance or proof of coverage.
Most campuses seem to be going for three years.
Some campuses accept applications up to a month prior to the opening day of the term.
Some campuses allocate costs to their respective departments.
Some campuses allow six weeks while others allow a semester, some campuses offer one year.
Some campuses already do it very well.
Some campuses also have dental, dietary, massage, naturopathy, optometry and physiotherapy services.
Some campuses also have voice mail systems that reach every phone on campus.
Some campuses also offer part-time studies through evening classes.
Some campuses also offer short-term emergency loans to help students through temporary difficulties.
Some campuses are above the average while others are below it.
Some campuses are also open on weekends.
Some campuses are comparable to resorts and others are comparable to the warehouse district.
Some campuses are interested in developing a more diverse environment.
Some campuses are more receptive to anti-abortion messages than others.
Some campuses are presently able to provide such access in varying forms.
Some campuses are very short on housing.
Some campuses are.
Some campuses charge a slightly higher ELM fee for some of the testing dates .
Some campuses charge an additional social or programming fee.
Some campuses continue to use social security numbers as identifiers for students and faculty.
Some campuses currently do that.
Some campuses distribute to departments.
Some campuses emphasize student goals and achievement as a way to stay on top of quality concerns.
Some campuses encourage reservations to attend the program, please call in advance.
Some campuses even lease on-site space to fast food outlets.
Some campuses expect faculty to teach full time and still do research.
Some campuses generate their own electricity and have large telecommunications networks.
Some campuses have a lively black market for backpacks, books, clothing, bikes and computers.
Some campuses have a one-day per week slower paced schedule.
Some campuses have an orientation for distance students.
Some campuses have graphical browsers loaded on designated computers in their computer labs.
Some campuses have lab space and other small spaces that they assign to part-time instructors.
Some campuses have more fertile grounds for enrollments.
Some campuses have more, and some have less.
Some campuses have one fee for their own programs, and another set of charges for other programs.
Some campuses have special housing for families and married couples.
Some campuses have their applications available online .
Some campuses hold a research competition, and others review proposals informally.
Some campuses now have security officers and metal detectors.
Some campuses offer advising appointments.
Some campuses offer child care services to accommodate single parents who live at home.
Some campuses offer legal assistance services.
Some campuses permit students to pay fees in installments.
Some campuses print the reports in their local offices.
Some campuses provide housing for married students and their families at a low cost.
Some campuses receive no routine maintenance.
Some campuses require a higher score.
Some campuses require completion of a supplemental international student application.
Some campuses require every student to bring their own computer when they enroll as a freshman.
Some campuses require review of all licenses by the campus legal office or purchasing agent.
Some campuses send a newsletter home weekly, while others only monthly.
Some campuses sponsor their own work programs for enrolled students.
Some campuses staff the lab with tutors during open-lab time.
Some campuses still have more work to be done.
Some campuses use a more decentralized approach.
Some campuses use stipends, while others provide scholarships.
Campy headsets last quite a while.
Campy humor abounds.
Campy logos abound on the clips themselves.
CAMS information is entered daily.
A camshaft is a shaft
Camshaft can be any cam grind.
Camshaft can be any grind.
Camshaft is belt driven, reducing weight, number of parts, gear wear and noise.
Camshaft is belt-driven, reducing weight, number of parts, gear wear and noise.
Camshaft is exchange only.
Camshaft is installed in block and checked for proper clearance.
Camshafts are a new, lightweight, modular design and there are higher-tension valve springs, too.
Camshafts are part of engines.
All camshafts are degreed.
Camusian philosophy leads one to ask an important question.
Can food is located in grocery stores.
A can is a container
Can isa container.
Cans also require less energy to cool than glass containers.
Cans are a little bit more expensive, and much less easy to deal with on a large scale.
Cans are approx.
Cans are buoys.
Cans are capable of places.
Cans are capsules.
Cans are coloreds.
Cans are containers of food, but also carriers of messages and information.
Cans are containers.
Cans are generally about half the size, but about the same price.
Cans are great for mixing and blending materials also.
Cans are in good shape and full.
Cans are located in cupboards.
Cans are located in grocery stores.
Cans are located in kitchens.
Cans are located in pantries.
Cans are located in shelfs.
Cans are located in supermarkets.
Cans are located in trash.
Cans are made of aluminium.
Cans are made of aluminum.
Cans are made of tin.
Cans are much quieter.
Cans are neat.
Cans are nigh-universally stamped on the bottom of the can.
Cans are removable for fuselage access.
Cans are smooth after opening.
Cans are the easiest of recyclable materials to make back into a new cans.
Cans are the easiest to deal with.
Cans are to be covered and bags tied.
Cans are used for beers.
Cans are used for food.
Cans are used for kicking.
Cans are used for soda.
Cans are used for storage.
Cans become cans.
Cans can also reduce a fine that's been doubled.
Cans can cut and catch animals.
Cans chill down faster than bottles.
Cans come in all shapes and sizes, and include jars.
Cans contain iron.
Cans designed for handgun calibers are usually slightly more complex than ones built for a rifle.
Cans exhibit various degrees of swelling.
Cans exit the in-feed conveyor directly into the can opening station.
Cans have (part) sections.
Cans make great storage and it's a great matching game for children.
Cans prevent litter from blowing and animals from scattering trash.
All cans are for sale or trade.
All cans are packed oxygen free for long shelf life.
All cans come with product labels that contain all food ingredients and nutritional values.
All cans look identical.
Most cans are of a standard structure and appearance.
Most cans wins.
Some cans attract bees.
Some cans have a date of manufacture that is easily understood.
Some cans have effects.
Some cans have no tin coating.
Some cans have same effects.
Most canada geese have necks.
Most canada geese have organs.
Canada geese have bills.
Canada geese have heads.
Canada geese have life.
Canada geese have necks.
Canada geese have organs.
Canada lynxes have diets.
Canada lynxes have ears.
Canada lynxes have feet.
Most canada lynxes have diets.
Most canada lynxes have ears.
Most canada lynxes have feet.
Canada has (part) Alberta.
Canada has (part) Columbia.
Canada has (part) Dawson.
Canada has (part) Logan.
Canada has (part) Manitoba.
Canada has (part) Nunavut.
Canada has (part) Ontario.
Canada has (part) Quebec.
Canada has (part) Saskatchewan.
Canada has (part) Yukon.
Canada isa thing.
Canadaian businesses benefit from the Swiss heritage of precision in manufacturing and workmanship.
Canadian aborigines get overlooked pdf .
Canadian academics seem to have shied away from writing about the violent aspects of our history.
Canadian access is also available.
All Canadian adults have the opportunity to visit other parts of Canada.
Canadian adventures begin.
Canadian advertisers have strict politically correct guidelines.
Canadian advisors work with partners to enhance professional capacity and organizational skills.
Canadian agency offers outstanding values for Canadian travellers.
Canadian aid remains much valued and respected.
All Canadian aid is in the form of grants and contributions.
Canadian animals are highly susceptible.
Many Canadian animals are in high demand.
Canadian applicants follow the same procedures as other international students.
Canadian aquaculture is at an important juncture.
Canadian architecture has a price of place in the collection.
Canadian architecture is gigantic.
Canadian artists are way cool.
Canadian artists create all the murals and new murals are being added each summer.
Canadian artists create distinctly Canadian coats of arms.
Canadian assessment finds road salts to be hazardous to the environmenty.
Some canadian astronauts participate in missions.
All Canadian athletes are from Calgary unless noted otherwise.
Canadian audiences are like children.
Canadian authors are well represented, as are writers from a range of other countries and cultures.
Canadian authors frequent the bookstore to discuss and sign their latest works.
Canadian authors show what it means to be Canadian.
Canadian authoritarianism can be as brutal as any other kind.
Canadian authorities are conscious of their obligations.
Canadian authorities say the poaching is being fueled by demand from the medicinal market in Asia.
Canadian authorities seem remarkably calm as the world watches the disease take over Britain.
Canadian bacon comes from the meatier loin, along the backbone.
Canadian bacon is a good substitute for sausage.
Canadian ball is interesting.
Canadian bank does conversion on the day it receives it.
Canadian banks are about to get another chance at merging.
Canadian banks can work with the exporter in many ways.
Canadian banks have a large international presence, and the nation continues to trade with Cuba.
Canadian banks offer different accounts and services.
Most Canadian banks have western headquarters in the city, making it a major financial center.
Most Canadian banks offer foreign currency drafts against a recognized bank in a foreign country.
Canadian banknotes have very different designs for different denominations.
Canadian bikes rule.
Canadian birds migrate to the southern United States.
Many Canadian birds migrate south for the winter.
Canadian bishops meet in spring and fall to discuss and act upon national church matters.
Canadian books allow their readers to view places, events and issues through Canadian eyes.
Canadian buildings turn off air conditioning.
Canadian business has a long, if somewhat sporadic association with Brazil.
Canadian businesses can also provide comment and recommendations on new standards.
Canadian canoeists use a single bladed paddle.
Canadian cards are ok eh.
Canadian cash is also welcome.
Canadian catalog has a few more categories.
Canadian chapters are to have insurance coverage.
Canadian chart results from , Toronto.
Many Canadian charters fly here.
Canadian children deserve better than that.
Canadian children discuss the history of mummering.
Canadian children enjoy the day just like American children.
Canadian children fair no better.
Canadian children play in an environment that stresses winning over developing skills.
Canadian children spend three hours a day in front of a TV set.
All Canadian children have a right to a safe education in the public school system.
All Canadian children have health insurance and receive basic health care services as a right.
Most Canadian children receive some health education about the hazards of tobacco use.
Canadian churches apologize to natives.
Canadian churches continue to discuss their coordinated strategy to address the situation.
Canadian cinema is a hot property at home and abroad.
Canadian cinema is fated for continual improvement.
Canadian citizens are subject to it just like anyone else.
Canadian citizens can already make some tax payments electronically.
Canadian citizens can no longer afford to carry free-loaders.
Canadian citizens can work here without a visa.
Canadian citizens deserve the right to hold the federal government accountable.
Canadian citizens enjoy both rights and responsibilities.
Canadian citizens have to have a visa.
Canadian citizens have two options.
Canadian citizens have.
Canadian citizens interact with public art on a daily basis.
Canadian citizens require a visa for temporary entry into Latvia.
Canadian citizens require a visa.
Any Canadian citizen is entitled to apply for a citizenship certificate.
Many Canadian citizens come south to shop every year.
Many Canadian citizens have homes here as well.
Canadian citizenship is a passport to visit any place in the world.
Canadian citizenship is precious and respected.
Canadian citizenship is required, with bilingual skills preferred.
Canadian citizenship is required.
Canadian citizenship is such a prized possession it is hard to believe it is only five decades old.
Canadian citizenship offers so much to the family seeking a better life for themselves.
Canadian cities are cities.
Canadian cities are legal creatures of the provinces.
Canadian cities are remarkable in that they are never far from the rural areas.
Canadian cities are the engines of our national economy.
Canadian cities have many parks and lots of space for people to live.
Canadian cities have plenty of cinemas showing all the mainstream American output.
Canadian cities present a challenging mission field.
Canadian cities represented include Montreal, Toronto, Vancouver, and Victoria.
Canadian city rejects domestic role for military Thanks, but no tanks.
Many Canadian cities continue to experience unacceptable air quality, especially in summer.
Most Canadian cities can pick up American TV stations.
Canadian clients pay additional applicable taxes for all services.
Many Canadian clubs are AANR clubs.
Most Canadian colleges are fairly large schools.
Canadian companies are active in the diamond sector, both in prospecting and production.
Canadian companies are already very active in the Russian mining sector.
Canadian companies are now among the largest foreign employers in Northern Ireland.
Canadian companies are team players.
Canadian companies are the largest designers of optical components in the world.
Canadian companies compete with American ones for space, capital and growth.
Canadian companies comply for economic reasons.
Canadian companies contains information about companies that trade stock on Canadian exchanges.
Canadian companies face when they compete internationally.
Canadian companies have an active presence throughout the Americas.
Canadian companies register online and input information directly for a company profile.
Canadian companies seem harder to convince.
Canadian companies vie for American markets and American companies move into Canadian markets.
Canadian companies work world-wide.
Canadian company offers three courses in advanced driving skills.
Many Canadian companies offer such scholarships.
Some Canadian companies pay for it fully or partially if administered by a physical therapist.
Canadian consumers are more than likely to demand leaner beef in the future.
Canadian consumers are neither in a cultural nor marketing vacuum.
Canadian consumers are quite capable of making intelligent choices.
Canadian consumers continue to choose e-shopping.
Canadian consumers have some of the lowest priced dairy products in the world.
Canadian consumers purchase jarred baby food primarily from grocery and drug store retailers.
Canadian contact is such an important part of our English program.
Canadian content is emphasized.
Canadian content is minimal.
Canadian content is particularly attractive.
Canadian content is strong.
Canadian content is, of course, critical.
Canadian Contingent Can.
Canadian country living at it's best.
Canadian countryside has diverse cultures and communities.
Canadian courts are open and accessible.
Canadian courts play a larger role in supervising government action.
Canadian coverage is also available for an additional cost.
Canadian coverage is less complete.
Canadian coverage is limited to Vancouver and Toronto.
Canadian coverage is minimal.
Canadian coverage seems ok.
Canadian cows complain of farmers with cold hands.
Canadian crime is looked at as well.
Canadian cuisine takes inventive and creative turns.
Canadian culture is important.
Canadian culture is non-existent.
Canadian culture is presented through conversation.
Canadian culture is such a fragile thing.
Canadian currency is preferred.
Canadian customs is available during most business hours, a normal call in advance is needed.
Canadian customers are a loyal group, Michigan retailers report.
Canadian customers are responsible for all duties and customs charges.
Canadian customers are responsible for all duties, customs and import fees.
Canadian customers are responsible for all duties, taxes, and customs fees.
Canadian customers are responsible for all import duties and taxes imposed by their country.
Canadian customers are responsible for all taxes and duties incurred for each shipment.
Canadian customers are responsible for any brokerage fees, additional taxes or duties.
Canadian customers are responsible for return shipping and associated fees.
Canadian Customers are responsible for return shipping and associated fees.
Canadian customers can avoid expense and hassle of dealing with customs.
Canadian customers can now purchase furbys and furby products in Canadian funds.
Canadian customers can pay by cheque or Money Order.
Canadian customers can pay in Canadian dollars by personal cheque or money order.
Canadian customers click here .
Canadian customers click here to enter.
Canadian customers Click Here.
Canadian customers double the U.S. shipping amounts.
Canadian customers go here .
Canadian customers go to our Canadian orders page.
Canadian customers have the option of being billed in Canadian dollars.
Canadian customers make the check or Money Order payable in Canadian funds.
Canadian customers order software products and upgrades online here .
Canadian customers please select country before province.
Canadian customers recognize a well-made machine when they see one.
Canadian customers require applications to be available in both English and French.
Canadian data is also available under a separate request format.
Canadian data related to the costs of varicella-zoster virus disease are otherwise scarce.
Canadian data suggests that our income mobility is fairly dynamic.
All Canadian data downlink processing facilities produce products conforming to the CEOS standard.
Canadian debt is held domestically and by foreigners.
Canadian degrees are fully transferable to the United States.
Canadian delegation reviews USSR forest fire control.
Canadian deliveries can take longer.
Canadian democracy is ailing.
Canadian democracy means more than 'majority rules'.
Canadian demographics show that the population of Canada is aging.
Canadian developments are the focus.
Canadian distributors contend that the U.S. companies have excessive leverage in the market.
Canadian doctors are highly trained and respected community members.
Canadian doctors eat up the second largest portion of the health care pie.
Canadian doctors face constant pressure to migrate south of the border to practice.
Many Canadian doctors appear to appreciate the effort.
Canadian dollars are exact.
Canadian domains are at present available without registration fees.
Canadian donations are tax deductible.
All Canadian donations are tax deductible.
All Canadian donations are tax-deductible.
Canadian ears experience the Korean soundscape.
Canadian educators continue to be employed and paid by their home school boards.
Canadian energy is relatively inexpensive and solar equipment can be costly.
Canadian engineers work together in diverse areas creating a network of innovation.
Canadian entrants see Guidelines for Canadian entry information.
Canadian entrepreneurs are more likely to run their new business venture outside their home.
Canadian entrepreneurs provide strategies and tips for success.
Canadian equipment is typically older U.S. weapons or purchased from Great Britain.
Canadian examples figure largely in the review.
Canadian experience shows considerably longer life expectancy.
Canadian Experience Welcome to the second largest French-speaking city in the world.
Some Canadian experts take a benign view of Tantric sex.
Canadian exports compete on the backs of low-paid Canadian workers.
Canadian exporters look to a variety of sources for their financing requirements.
Canadian fall is truly a feast for the senses.
Many Canadian families have pets.
Many Canadian families welcome international students.
Canadian fans deserve better.
Canadian farmers are also a spoiled bunch.
Canadian farmers are leaders in sustainable agricultural practices.
Canadian farmers are the heart of the agri-food industry.
Canadian farmers complain that subsidies are much higher in the U.S. and other countries.
Canadian farmers get to grow hemp.
Canadian farmers grow the spring type, planted and harvested during the same growing season.
Canadian farmers have an opportunity to corner an emerging green market.
Canadian farmers produce some of the highest quality pork in the world.
Canadian farmers receive the first shipment of Marquis wheat.
Canadian farmers take pride.
Canadian farmers use fewer chemicals than their counterparts in other countries.
Most canadian farmers take pride.
Canadian fascists have neither the numbers nor power to influence government policy.
Canadian federalists hold up New Brunswick as an example for their cause.
Canadian ferries run smaller too.
Canadian figures are equally impressive.
Canadian figures are probably much the same.
Canadian film enjoys an excellent reputation, but the best is yet to come.
Canadian films account for only two percent of the Canadian box office gross.
Canadian films account for only two percent of the Candian box office gross.
Canadian films get few previews or press kits, and very little hype.
Canadian filmmakers continue to surpass expectations and defy conventions.
Canadian filmmakers don t seek to imitate the skyrocketing budgets of Hollywood.
Canadian firefighters are in Montana, and Mexico sent a crew over the border into New Mexico.
Canadian firm sells software that tracks vehicle and equipment maintenance, and driver records.
Canadian firms compete in the world.
Canadian firms competing in the global marketplace deserve better.
Canadian firms understand that there is a worldwide demand for microelectronics skills.
Many Canadian firms have employees who are also reservists.
Canadian flags unfurl.
Some Canadian flags are bits of red rag.
Canadian football is different.
Canadian forces are now even more heavily committed in the service of peace than ever before.
Canadian foundations support organisations throughout the world. .
Canadian foundations support organisations throughout the world.
Canadian friends can pay by Canada dollar check.
Canadian friends receive special package at par value.
Some Canadian friends have a slicer that french cuts green beans.
Canadian funds drawn on a Canadian bank or U.S. funds drawn on a U.S. bank are acceptable.
All Canadian funds remain in Canada to support the outreach there.
Canadian gardeners can check their climate zone on The Zone Map of Canada .
Most Canadian gas is produced in Alberta.
Canadian geese are monogamous, as are eagles, dik dik antelope, and gibbons.
Canadian geese can fly fast.
Most canadian geese have eyesights.
Most canadian geese have good eyesights.
Most canadian geese have long necks.
Most canadian geese have necks.
Canadian genealogy is centred mostly in Perth and Wellington Counties, Ontario .
Canadian ginseng is known to contain more ginsenosides than Asian and therefore is more potent.
Most Canadian ginseng is cultivated on raised beds, in fields, and under artificial shade.
Canadian girls are pretty casual but British girls seem quite posh.
Canadian geese are so numerous as to cause problems in yards and on the docks.
Canadian geese have eyesights.
Canadian geese have good eyesights.
Canadian geese have long necks.
Canadian geese have necks.
Canadian governance is a maze of such problems.
Canadian government enacts wage and price controls for three years.
Canadian government gives police greater wiretapping powers.
Canadian government offers support for immigration, hence lot of students prefer to learn in Canada.
Canadian government passes draft law conscripting Canadian citizens into European War.
Canadian government wants to send troops in to Winnipeg Thanks, but no tanks.
Canadian governments operate on three distinct levels.
Canadian grain is cleaned to export specification at terminal elevators before it is shipped.
Canadian growers have to hope for a crop production shortfall in Mexico and South America.
Canadian growers use the deeper boards.
Canadian growers welcome potential sales opportunities.
Canadian guests please inquire about currency exchange rates.
Every Canadian guide lists Christian realtors.
Canadian hacker is convicted for denial of service attack.
Canadian heritage is young but respected globally.
Canadian history is another strong collection.
Canadian history is suppressed to please Quebec.
Canadian History Provides links to various history theme pages.
Canadian hockey is hard and tough.
Canadian hockey is rich with tradition and there is a deep passion and understanding of the game.
Many Canadian homes contain dangerous levels of radon.
Canadian honey is recognized worldwide to be of the highest quality.
All Canadian honey is now suspect.
Canadian hospitals can make a new commitment to protecting our health and environment.
Canadian hospitals can perform their own hereditary breast cancer testing at one-third the cost.
Canadian hospitals report a growing number of non-fatal accidents involving such weapons.
Canadian households are the biggest offenders.
Canadian housewife becomes a mistress to the mob for nearly twenty years, finally turns informant.
Canadian humanists are fully behind the more open abortion policy.
Canadian humour is more British.
Canadian hurler is player of the year.
Canadian identity emerges no less in the arts.
Canadian imports have a separate tariff rate that is somewhat reduced from the standard rate.
Canadian industries get to process and manufacture it into hundreds of final products.
Canadian industry is on the forefront in research and development.
Canadian information includes church books and an index of church books.
Canadian information is here and here .
Canadian information is included wherever appropriate.
Canadian information is marked with a maple leaf.
Canadian institutions continue to lead in the creation of new companies from technology.
Canadian introduction is slated for the following year.
Canadian inventions span a wide variety of industries.
Canadian investments are repossessions of rental informations, realestate, city and cities.
Canadian investors can and do trade online.
Canadian jokes play well here.
Canadian journals are better than some think.
Canadian jurisprudence involving statements of claim from inmate suicides is rather scarce.
Canadian jurisprudence requires special training for anyone collecting DNA samples from a person.
Canadian kitchens are often less open to fresh air than kitchens in other countries.
Canadian laboratory diagnoses and strain characterization.
Most Canadian landlords think it is very important to keep living quarters clean.
Canadian law allows for retransmission only within Canada.
Canadian law can be federal or provincial, depending on the subject matter of the law.
Canadian law categorizes firearms by class.
Canadian law forbids capital punishment.
Canadian law is complex and voluminous and has a variety of sources.
Canadian law is more favorable than U.S. law to unions and their supporters.
Canadian law prohibits all handguns and automatic weapons from entry into Canada .
Canadian law prohibits all handguns and automatic weapons from entry into Canada.
Canadian law protects both individual rights and the rights of society.
Canadian law requires that international students arrive with enough money for at least one year.
Canadian law supports and protects close personal relationships between adults in many ways.
Canadian law tries to protect people from hate and protect free speech at the same time.
Canadian laws give some assurance to donors.
Canadian lawmakers succumb to temporary litigation insanity.
Canadian legislation is pending to apply a negotiated rate for off-air recording in schools.
Canadian legislation is under review, however, and drug companies are pushing for changes.
Canadian legislation prohibits the sale of raw milk.
Canadian libraries report their holdings in various ways.
Canadian liquidator is available.
Canadian list appears to be quite extensive.
Canadian literature is housed in the Basement for space reasons.
Canadian lynx are smaller than Eurasian lynx and are more grey in colouration.
Canadian lynx are strictly carnivores.
Canadian lynx have very thick light brown or gray fur often with light black spots.
Canadian lynx live in dense forests where their main prey item, the snowshoe hare is found.
Canadian lynxes eat meat.
Canadian lynxes feed on rodents.
Most canadian lynxes eat meat.
Most canadian lynxes feed on rodents.
Some canadian lynxes have short ears.
Some canadian lynxes have short triangular ears.
Canadian magazines are an integral part of our culture, an integral part of our nationhood.
Canadian mail sorted by postal codes enjoys postal savings.
Canadian men can expect to live much longer than men in many other parts of the world.
Canadian men coast home with third gold.
Canadian markets are very accessible from Circle.
Canadian markets are very accessible from Culbertson.
Canadian markets are very accessible from Poplar.
Canadian material is the priority.
Canadian materials are next in importance.
Canadian meals are often informal.
Canadian members are eligible to vote, nominate, and run for a seat as a director.
Canadian members pay fees in Canadian dollars.
Canadian members receive the same rights and privileges as other members in their class.
Any Canadian member is welcome to post catalogue or list announcements in any subject category.
Canadian miles seem to fast.
Canadian models are available with or without air conditioning.
Canadian models come equipped only with the standard height door.
Canadian money is much prettier than U.S. money.
Canadian money's like that, too, except less garish.
Canadian moneys remain in Canada, for the welfare of Canadian activities.
Canadian movies are on a roll.
Canadian Municipalities Find out information about existing Canadian cities.
Some canadian museums provide input.
Canadian names are also available upon request.
Canadian names are also available.
Canadian nationalism is like a butterfly's wing - graceful, effective, but easily crushed.
Canadian newspapers are cross-indexed by category, state and province.
Canadian newspapers are now cross-indexed by type and by province or territory.
Canadian newspapers are the best source of information on job opportunities.
Any Canadian newspaper beats any U.S. newspaper for coverage of world events.
Most Canadian newspapers paint a grim picture of the economic situation in Quebec.
Some Canadian newspapers have a pretty restrictive idea of freedom of speech.
Canadian nurses have an excellent reputation locally and internationally.
Canadian nurses hold a lot of responsibility in the medical field and are considered vital.
Canadian officials claim that ties between the two countries are too deep to sour.
Canadian officials continue to seek a response.
Canadian officials disagree.
Canadian officials get to represent their country at international regattas.
Canadian officials operate within the negotiating guidelines authorized by their ministers.
Canadian officials place a premium on being first one way or another with U.S. leaders.
Canadian officials plan to test the chickens once a week to determine whether they have the virus.
Canadian officials recommend nine fruit and vegetable servings per day.
Canadian officials say there are legal avenues to take against the United States.
Canadian officials stress there is no evidence the disease has reached North America.
Canadian officials warn veterans about a Maryland-based company.
Canadian operations begin.
Canadian orders are in Canadian dollars.
Canadian orders are subject to all applicable taxes.
Canadian orders require formal purchase order or accepted credit application prior to shipment.
Canadian orders require prepayment.
Canadian orders use Canadian prices.
All Canadian orders are subject to verification.
Most Canadian orders deliver in about a week.
Canadian parkland is untamed wilderness - largely accessible only by foot, by canoe or on horseback.
Canadian passport allows the bearer visa free travel to most countries.
Canadian patent is pending.
Canadian patents are only valid in Canada.
Canadian penny provides a scale.
Many Canadian people eat Chinese food.
Canadian personals matchmaking service offers photos and profiles of russian ladies.
Canadian pharmacists are critical of the U.S. legislation.
Canadian pharmacies can only recognize prescriptions from physicians licensed in Canada.
Canadian physicians are very dissatisfied with the system.
Canadian physicians have a new code of ethics.
Canadian physicians tell about the practice of medicine in Canada.
Canadian plants reflect world-class standards.
Canadian players are just as good.
Canadian Poets Write about the Persian Gulf War .
Canadian Poets Write About The Persian Gulf War .
Canadian police apprehend the band but they are released some four hours later.
Canadian police believe the man suffered head trauma after being attacked.
Canadian police destroy revisionist book.
Canadian police mount their biggest ever security operation.
Canadian policy studies Social policy, gender inequality and poverty .
Canadian politician Go to a previous date.
Canadian politicians adjust their platforms accordingly.
Canadian politicians are even interested in penises.
Canadian politicians tend to get Ottawa-washed when they are elected to Ottawa.
Canadian polls show that nurses are the most trusted occupation in Canada.
Canadian portal includes links to news, chat rooms, stores and more.
Canadian portfolios have a chronic lack of investments in key global knowledge industries.
Canadian positions are currently under construction.
Canadian price is calculated based on current exchange rate by credit card company.
Canadian price is whatever the exchange rate is at time of purchase.
Canadian prices apply to all orders billed to Canadian addresses.
Canadian prices are also available.
Canadian prices are higher.
Canadian prices vary.
Canadian processors use buckwheat in pancake mixes, breakfast cereals, breads and poultry stuffing.
Canadian producers feel strongly that it is time for other countries to do likewise.
Canadian producers have a reputation for delivering the best.
Canadian producers say they want free trade.
Canadian producers say U.S. companies want to limit imported lumber to boost their own profits.
Canadian production has a heavy dependency on secondary recovery techniques.
Canadian programs are three years.
Canadian programs maintain a relatively constant and substantial audience throughout the day.
Most Canadian programs rely on families to voluntarily assist with expenses.
Canadian programming is among the best in the world.
Canadian proposal gains momentum.
Canadian provinces are provinces.
Canadian provinces are states.
Canadian provinces charge to harvest lumber on their lands.
Canadian provinces including Quebec, Ontario and British Columbia have such legislation.
All Canadian provinces have universal screening programs and U.S. states have varying regulations.
All Canadian provinces have universal screening programs.
All Canadian provinces recognize and accepts drivers licenses issued in the United States.
Every Canadian province has it's own unique amateur call sign prefix.
Most Canadian provinces allow non-residents to be trustees for dependent adults.
Most Canadian provinces collect and maintain their own data.
Most Canadian provinces experience very low temperatures in winter.
Most Canadian provinces operate with single-house systems.
Canadian publications follow and are listed by province.
Canadian publisher responds.
Canadian queers have a proportionately weaker movement, yet substantially more rights.
Canadian rates are a little higher dollarwise but probably similar in pounds sterling.
Canadian rates are lowest in Newfoundland, on the east coast.
Canadian regulations exclude environmental assessment of impact of most towers.
Canadian regulators feel the same.
Canadian release differs.
Canadian researchers are at the forefront of many medical discoveries.
Canadian researchers are world-renowned for their contribution to the field of respiratory health.
Canadian researchers can benefit their genealogical research by accessing the internet.
Canadian researchers find their wait for access can stretch from a few months to more than a year.
Some canadian researchers find evidence.
Some canadian researchers find proteins.
Canadian residents add applicable sales tax.
Canadian residents add applicable taxes.
Canadian Residents add applicable taxes.
Canadian residents add taxes.
Canadian residents are people.
Canadian Residents are responsible for all duties and tariffs.
Canadian residents are responsible for all duties and taxes.
Canadian residents are responsible for all taxes, duties and customs charges.
Canadian residents are responsible for applicable customs, duties, and taxes.
Canadian residents are responsible for duties and brokerage fees.
Canadian residents are responsible for duties and taxes.
Canadian residents can also go black bear hunting.
Canadian residents can find additional information here .
Canadian residents click here .
Canadian residents click here for our PDF order form .
Canadian residents click here for the best deals.
Canadian Residents Click Here to order electronically.
Canadian residents click here.
Canadian residents remember to add the appropriate taxes.
Canadian residents submit signed copies of federal and provincial tax returns.
Canadian residents subscribe here. .
All Canadian residents have a right to universal health insurance with comprehensive benefits.
Canadian retailers have a lot to learn about e-commerce.
Canadian rock is a little more rootsy.
Canadian roses are available either on their own roots or grafted onto rootstock.
Canadian sailor says thanks.
All Canadian salaries are in Canadian dollars.
Canadian schools do have strengths.
Canadian schools encourage students to participate in various activities.
Canadian schools help demonstrate how changes in school grounds provide numerous benefits.
Canadian schools host numerous tournaments throughout the year, most of which welcome foreign teams.
Canadian schools offer students many extra-curricular activities as well.
Canadian schools tend to be more inclusive.
Canadian scientists are world leaders in studies of the atmosphere related to ozone depletion.
Canadian Scientists fight the battle of the sexes .
Canadian Scientists fight the battle of the sexes.
Canadian securities are in Canadian dollars.
Canadian seniors live longer and in better health than seniors in other parts of the world.
Canadian shipments are primarily beef and pork.
Canadian shipments carry the Canadian mark of inspection and an export stamp.
Canadian shipping is approx.
Canadian shipping is available.
Canadian shows are in Red and United States shows are in Blue .
Canadian site includes links for librarians, writers, and reviewers.
Canadian sites are the primary focus, though there are international sites.
Canadian sites are welcome and encouraged to participate.
Canadian sites end in .ca .
Some canadian skiers die in avalanches.
Many Canadian smokers sneer at U.S. brands.
Canadian society is out of balance.
Canadian society is the victim.
Canadian society lacks support systems for male mental illness.
Canadian society tends to want to push sexual abusers into prisons as quickly as possible.
Canadian society touts peace, order and good government.
Canadian society uses more energy on average than any other country.
Canadian soils are on slightly higher positions.
Canadian soldier poses with boys in Vladivostok .
Canadian soldier poses with boys in Vladivostok.
Canadian soldiers are all prepared to give their lives for the betterment of the country.
Canadian soldiers are armed and equiped to handle all anticipated tasks and threats.
Canadian soldiers are soldiers.
Canadian songwriter is.
Canadian spelling is used throughout.
Canadian spelling uses a combination of both lists.
Canadian spellings are preferred.
Canadian stalls are among the largest in the world.
Canadian stamps are acceptable.
Canadian stamps are for mailing letters inside Canada.
Canadian stamps covers the cost of mailing our annual catalog.
Canadian stations crry American programs.
Canadian statistics indicate their laws work.
Canadian statistics show a similar pattern.
Canadian statistics show that one in seven young workers is injured on the job.
Canadian statutes are also available.
All Canadian stocks trade in dollars and cents, and half cents for small values.
Canadian streets are empty.
Canadian student plans career in U.S. gaming industry.
Canadian students are able to use the order form shipping option.
Canadian students are also eligible for Canadian federal and provincial loan programs.
Canadian students are exempt.
Canadian students enter university after they graduate from high school.
Canadian students forge international connections .
Canadian students prefer to dress casually for classes and, indeed, for most occasions.
Canadian students receive too much formal education.
Canadian students stay in school longer and have more equitable access to all school programs.
Canadian students studying in Ireland find that their biggest problem is high debt loads.
Canadian students taking nine credits are usually eligible for a student loan.
Most Canadian students are eligible to apply for Canadian student loans.
Most Canadian students beginning law school do so as graduates in other disciplines.
Most Canadian students come as part of discount-package bus tours, sold on university campuses.
Some Canadian students have doubts about the recruitment efforts.
Canadian studies can also complement many other career paths.
Canadian studies indicate the same thing for yearling steers.
Canadian studies lecture and reading.
Canadian studies show no significant increase in leukemia near Canadian nuclear facilities.
Canadian subscriptions are available for a nominal surcharge.
Canadian suppliers click here .
Canadian supplies account for one-third of U.S. consumption.
Canadian support is somewhat weaker.
Canadian surfers are on the rise.
Canadian surveillance is nationwide.
Canadian taxes pay for it.
Canadian taxpayers are citizens too who value our social programs.
Canadian taxpayers continue to pay the lion's share of a university education.
Canadian teachers facilitate student conferences and non-hierarchic activities such as committees.
Canadian teens hang out at malls, play a lot of outdoor sports and watch movies.
Canadian teenagers see it as a much more series place.
Canadian television knows how to cover the games.
Canadian theatre is very bureaucratic.
Canadian thistle is the only noxious weed identified in the area.
Canadian thought is of a piece, focused on the interface of technology and human communication.
Canadian timber is plentiful and generally cheaper.
Canadian toads are white or light brown with dark spots scattered randomly about the back.
Canadian toads breed mainly in the spring.
Canadian tourism is based around mines, sports and mines.
Canadian towns stand in for all the Texas towns in the movie.
Canadian travellers enjoy easy and immediate access to funds through many ABMs abroad.
Canadian trips require legal proof of citizenship to cross the border.
Canadian unions are more progressive on women's issues than any unions in the world.
Canadian unions maintain a strong collaborative relationship with management.
Canadian universities adopt Canadian-first hiring policies.
Canadian universities are well covered.
Canadian universities have a public trust to nurture learners.
Canadian Universities list Links to home pages of Canadian universities, in French and English.
Canadian universities offer undergraduate and graduate programs in many fields.
Canadian universities place great emphasis on human molecular biology.
Canadian universities play a key role in the innovation agenda.
Canadian universities scramble to reverse enrollment decline.
All Canadian universities have at least one active committee.
Most Canadian universities offer at least one graduate program.
Most Canadian universities offer courses in remote sensing.
Some Canadian universities are physically present in Britain.
Some Canadian universities follow the code as well.
Canadian users dare discover.
Most Canadian Users Go Online at Home.
Canadian utilities have a major role in the decision to utilize solar energy.
Canadian venues are in Canadian dollars.
Canadian visits are down, but for some reason there has been a spike in visits from New England.
Canadian visitors are more likely to purchase goods from a Canadian retailer.
Canadian Visitors click here .
All Canadian viticulture is by definition cool climate.
Canadian water gets thicker.
Canadian waters are also part of the Pacific ocean.
Canadian waters provide habitat for two resident species of marine reptiles all turtles.
Canadian wheat fills a market niche in the U.S., where it is typically blended with U.S. wheat.
Canadian wheat fills a market niche in the United States.
Canadian wheat is sold on the export market in terms of American dollars.
Canadian whiskey is aged for six years, often in used wood casks.
Canadian whiskey is rye and barley.
Canadian whiskeys present a fundamental kashrus question.
Canadian whiskies are the most popular.
Canadian wines are good.
Canadian winners agree to pay duties and shipping.
Canadian winners are subject to withholding of a portion of their winnings as required by law.
Canadian winters are awful.
Canadian winters are endless.
Canadian winters are of course, a bad time to ship as well.
Canadian winters present challenges for everyone.
Every Canadian winter sees the death of many homeless people due to exposure.
Canadian women are among the world's heaviest smokers In Canada, slightly more men than women smoke.
Canadian women are more likely to consider themselves successful.
Canadian women can slip in a little contraceptive sponge before sex.
Canadian women expect and are legally entitled to the same rights, status and opportunities as men.
Canadian women have a long tradition of volunteering.
Canadian women have a one in nine chance of getting breast cancer.
Canadian women have an enviable record in international competition.
Canadian women live longer then men.
Canadian women win right to vote in federal elections.
Some canadian women are rushed to hospitals.
Canadian works are also an important part of the ensemble's repertoire.
Canadian workers are the most productive in the world.
Canadian workers enjoy a much more labor friendly environment when it comes to organizing a union.
Canadian workers face continuing turbulence and fundamental shifts in the workplace.
Canadian workers place a high value on telework.
Canadian workers rank third in gross wages.
Canadian workers use thousands of workplace materials every day.
Canadian workers view job stress as more prevalent than work-related injury or illness.
Canadian workers wear rainwear suitable for a cold and wet climate.
Canadian writers get as excited about trains as French writers do about sex.
Most Canadian writers can barely afford to do research for the books they write.
Canadian youth benefit from the application of their Internet skills to product development.
A canal boat is a boat
Canal boat ride in Bruges.
Canal boat ride on an historic canal.
Canal boat ride through a working lock.
Canal boats are absolutely essential to the defense of the United States.
Canal boats are boats.
Some canal linings require a concrete covering on top of the geomembrane.
Canal Park is a great place for kids to yell and have a good time.
Canal Park is a great place to swim.
Canal Park is a knockout.
Canal Park is a recreation-oriented district of Duluth.
Canal Park is just above ski area, Tampa Bay is to the right.
Canal Park is one block away.
Canal tour offered by travel agents are usually on special long-tail boats with reclining seats.
Every canal town has museums and historical societies.
A canal is a passageway
Canal cruises aboard two canalboat restaurants.
Canal explains how to use the funnel formation to keep trades in harmony with the market.
Canal has plenty of water.
Canal is engaged in the generation and sale of electricity at wholesale.
Canal is just too important as an east-west arterial street to have it closed off.
Canal is lighted at night.
Canal is used as a waterway for vessel to transport cement product to Bangkok, capital of Thailand.
Canal isa artifact.
Canal isa body part.
Canal leads to intercoastal waterway.
Canal makes no retail sales of electricity.
Canal opens to the bay.
Canal provides a wonderful holidays in the lap of nature.
Canals absorb water.
Canals also carry water to municipal treatment plants for distribution as drinking water.
Canals are a way of life in Amsterdam .
Canals are again the theme for our first full-day ride.
Canals are also safe travel ways for swimming instead of walking.
Canals are bodies of water.
Canals are channels.
Canals are cut to drain water from the pocosins for the loblolly pine plantations.
Canals are human creations that reflect a simple yet efficient level of technology.
Canals are located in bridges.
Canals are quiet and very manageable.
Canals are remade for continuous traffic of men and materials.
Canals are totally man-made and are generally independent from natural drainage features.
Canals are unique in many ways.
Canals are used for canal boats.
Canals are used for division.
Canals are used for holidays.
Canals are used for irrigation.
Canals are used for travel.
Canals are very numerous here and any thing can be carried very cheap from place to place.
Canals are very variable with characteristics depending on the attached water bodies.
Canals are watercourses.
Canals can be very, very dangerous.
Canals can contain blood, pulp, tissues, sodium hypochlorite, and other fluids.
Canals can disrupt water circulation in marsh systems.
Canals carry water.
Canals collect water.
Canals connect rivers to one another for water transfer or navigation .
Canals connect the river with the Irish Sea at Dublin.
Canals containing obstructions that are impossible to remove are potential problems.
Canals Discover more about the English canal system.
Canals divide it into four sections.
Canals dominate water flow through shallow marshes.
Canals extend in a cobweb pattern through every part of old Amsterdam.
Canals fill with water.
Canals have (part) bases.
Canals have (part) corpi.
Canals have (part) infrastructures.
Canals have (part) readsides.
Canals have (part) sections.
Canals have hair cells and calcium carbonate crystals.
Canals have various features to tackle the problem of water supply.
Canals have water.
Canals layout, stable channels, and silt control, canal losses and water-logging.
Canals lead to numerous small chambers lined with flagellated cells.
Canals lower the odds by one column unless at least one attacker is in an adjacent canal hex.
Canals pull one farther off into a France undiscoverable by the most remote roadways.
Canals pump sea water.
Canals pump water.
Canals range from reed fringed small waters to larger canals with boat traffic taking huge barges.
Canals rim the refuge, providing access to the refuge.
Canals run through the green fields.
Canals shows interior waters and some shorelines.
Canals take excess water, and channels it to another place.
Canals weave through the city affording magnificent views.
Canals usually connect lakes , rivers , or oceans .
Canals usually connect lakes, rivers, or oceans.
Many canals lead to the Gulf of Mexico, others to lakes and favorite fishing spots.
Most canals absorb water.
Most canals carry water.
Most canals collect water.
Most canals fill with water.
Most canals have a limit on height imposed either by bridges or by tunnels.
Most canals pump sea water.
Most canals pump water.
Some canals allow boats to pass .
Some canals allow boats to pass.
Some canals are navigable by boat, and some only for a fish or an airboat.
Some canals carry urine.
Some canals circulate blood.
Some canals connect feet.
Some canals connect fourth ventricles.
Some canals connect ventricles.
Some canals deliver water.
Some canals stretch from noses.
Canales shoots the ball well and can beat players on the dribble.
A canaliculus is a duct
Canaliculi are important.
Canalisation continues for foodgrains, petroleum products and urea.
Canalisation is management
Canalization is a conservative process that opposes evolutionary change, over several generations.
Canalization is an elusive concept.
Canalization is management
Canalization is the genetic restriction of development to one or a few potential outcomes.
Canalization is the suppression of phenotypic variation.
A canape is a starter
Canapes are a type of hors d' oeuvres that are on a bread or cracker base.
Canapes are appetizer.
Canapes are flash frozen.
Canapes are little one-bite savories that are garnished.
Canapes are one bite.
Canapes arrive with the aperitif, including caviar - sadly only a single service is provided.
A canard is a fable
Canard disturbs the audience.
Canards are control surfaces located in front of the main wing.
Canards are fabrications.
Canards are horizontal surfaces forward of the main airfoils and are used for trim and control.
Some canary breeders use hookbill pellets and suppliment with egg food.
Canary breeding is a very rewarding challenging experience.
Canary color is often dependent on the bird's diet.
Canary diamonds have a deep yellow color.
Canary hens are generally in good supply from mid-summer until early autumn.
Canary melons are oblong with bright yellow rinds.
Canary nestlings are more selfish and competitive if other nestlings are less related.
A canary seed is birdseed
Canary seed is a cereal seed.
Canary seed is a major ingredient in birdseed mixes for caged and wild birds.
Canary seed is shatter resistant and can be straight combined.
Canary seeds make up diets.
Most canary seeds make up diets.
Some canary seed is mixed with other seed and sold as mixed birdseed in Manitoba.
Canary trees are important in infinitary model theory.
A canary is a finch
Canaries actually announce problems to their owners by being quiet.
Canaries are also a fairly inexpensive little birds.
Canaries are also always available.
Canaries are beautiful singers, and Finches make adorable sounds.
Canaries are beautiful, bright little birds commonly kept as pets.
Canaries are beautiful, fragile animals that represent the best of what nature has to offer.
Canaries are birds.
Canaries are birds.
Canaries are descendants of the wild serin finch or canary of the Canary Islands.
Canaries are fairly easy to keep healthy on seeds alone.
Canaries are finchs.
Canaries are generally very cautious of people.
Canaries are hardy and undemanding, so the canary bird care is pretty easy.
Canaries are judged in competitions following the annual molt in the summer.
Canaries are little yellow birds that sing often and have been kept in cages as pets for centuries.
Canaries are relatively easy to care for, but they are shy and gentle birds.
Canaries are safe with older children.
Canaries are sensitive to fouled air and chemicals.
Canaries are shy, gentle birds and stress can shorten their lifespan.
Canaries are singers.
Canaries are small birds, but some varieties are larger than others.
Canaries are small yellow birds very similar to parakeets.
Canaries are social birds that live in pairs or groups in the wild.
Canaries are very photosensitive.
Canaries are very sensitive to carbon monoxide.
Canaries are very sensitive to chemical fumes.
Canaries are very social with good personalities.
Canaries are widely available in the pet industry.
Canaries can learn new songs by hearing tapes during the molt.
Canaries can learn new songs each year during the molt.
Canaries eat seeds.
Canaries feed on seeds.
Canaries generally show a mild disease with low mortality.
Canaries get nutrition.
Canaries Give the names of four varieties of canaries.
Canaries have (part) air sacs.
Canaries have (part) bird's feet.
Canaries have (part) brains.
Canaries have (part) breasts.
Canaries have (part) cell membranes.
Canaries have (part) cells.
Canaries have (part) chest cavities.
Canaries have (part) chests.
Canaries have (part) corpi.
Canaries have (part) cytoplasm.
Canaries have (part) ears.
Canaries have (part) faces.
Canaries have (part) flight feathers.
Canaries have (part) heads.
Canaries have (part) lips.
Canaries have (part) mouths.
Canaries have (part) nuclei.
Canaries have (part) plasma membranes.
Canaries have (part) quill feathers.
Canaries have (part) rib cages.
Canaries have (part) second joints.
Canaries have (part) sections.
Canaries have (part) skulls.
Canaries have (part) sterna.
Canaries have (part) talons.
Canaries have (part) vacuoles.
Canaries have (part) wishbones.
Canaries have clean environments.
Canaries have daughters.
Canaries have environments.
Canaries have feathers.
Canaries have growth.
Canaries have high body temperatures naturally because of fast metabolism.
Canaries have two distinct feather types.
Canaries like to eat greens and can have some every day.
Canaries live for years.
Canaries love to bathe, particularly in warm weather.
Canaries love to take baths.
Canaries normally sing year-round except during the molting period and a short time thereafter.
Canaries prefer light-colored baths to dark, opaque shades.
Canaries range in color from brown to orange to yellow and are the size of a parakeet.
Canary isa finch.
Most Canaries are somewhat timid and shy little birds.
Most canaries eat seeds.
Most canaries feed on seeds.
Most canaries get nutrition.
Most canaries have clean environments.
Most canaries have daughters.
Most canaries have environments.
Most canaries have feathers.
Most canaries have growth.
Most canaries live for years.
Some canaries bring food.
Some canaries have guests.
Some canaries have roles.
Some canaries show interest.
A cancel is musical notation
Cancels are to be used to void invalid funding groups in order to set up corrected funding groups.
Cancels Call Waiting by dialing a sequence of numbers prior to making a call.
Cancels can include postmarks, if the stamp was canceled by the postmark.
Cancels duplicate print jobs.
Cancels protect mode.
Cancels take place for many reasons, some generated by the customer and some by other market events.
Most cancels are black unless otherwise noted.
Cancellation methods work by allowing positive and negative walkers which annihliate when they meet.
Cancellation of removal is a discretionary form for relief.
Cancellation of removal is only available in removal, better known as deportation proceedings.
Cancellation stamp touches the 'E' otherwise in very fine condition.
A cancellation is an override
Cancellation becomes effective after the final day of the final month of membership.
Cancellation becomes effective after the last day of the final month of membership.
Cancellation can occur for nonpayment of a premium or the failure to renew.
Cancellation can occur up to and including the first week of class.
Cancellation can take a while when there are a lot of threads.
Cancellation Dates No cancellation after closing date.
Cancellation dates subject to change.
Cancellation ends the membership immediately.
Cancellation follows the schedule below.
Cancellation forefeits deposit.
Cancellation has a dramatic positive impact on cutting the bill.
Cancellation has to be in writing by the applicant.
Cancellation has to be made in writing by email , telefax or mail.
Cancellation has to be made in writing by e-mail, telefax or mail.
Cancellation includes the removal of all files on the account.
Cancellation involves the annulling of stray fields by the creation of equal and opposite fields.
Cancellation is a red flag for insurance companies looking at prospective customers.
Cancellation is a two-step process.
Cancellation is created at that point.
Cancellation is defined as a termination of the entire trip.
Cancellation is easy.
Cancellation is effective from the date postmarked on written notice.
Cancellation is effective only on the next billing date.
Cancellation is exponentially powerful for computing the determinant.
Cancellation is free and easy.
Cancellation is free of charge up to five business days prior to certification workshop.
Cancellation is handled the same way as above.
Cancellation is made on authorized meter impressions when the package is imprinted.
Cancellation is made one week prior to activity.
Cancellation is made one week prior to event.
Cancellation is pending agreement with other operators.
Cancellation is possible due to lack of enrollment.
Cancellation is possible up to one week before the seminar, if received in writing.
Cancellation is possible.
Cancellation is requested for free events and required for events with a cost.
Cancellation is required at least seven days in advance for full refund of deposit.
Cancellation is required two-weeks ahead for return of deposit.
Cancellation is seven days notice.
Cancellation is seventy two hours or the deposit is non-refundable.
Cancellation is simple.
Cancellation is the first step toward the liberation of the poor.
Cancellation is the responsibility of the subscriber.
Cancellation is to be done by fax with persons signature.
Cancellation means immediate cessation of transmissions and use of software.
Cancellation needs to be done in writing two months, prior to the renewal date.
Cancellation occasionally becomes necessary.
Cancellation occurs only when the weather is severe.
Cancellation occurs when the written notice of cancellation is given to the seller.
Cancellation provides the user the facility to cancel policies.
Cancellation really stinks.
Cancellation requires a seven day notice to avoid the room charge.
Cancellation requires a ten-day notice.
Cancellation requires a thirty-day notice.
Cancellation requires ten days' notice to the insured.
Cancellation seems unlikely.
Cancellation terminates a policy only from and after the cancellation date.
Cancellations are a real disappointment for everyone.
Cancellations are a regular part of the television business.
Cancellations are available for all kinds of employment.
Cancellations are available for both the commercial and non-commercial user.
Cancellations are due seven days prior to the conference to receive a full refund.
Cancellations are effective as of the receipt of the notice.
Cancellations are effective immediately.
Cancellations are effective on anniversary date.
Cancellations are effective the day following the request.
Cancellations are effective the day they are processed.
Cancellations are effective upon the receipt of the notice.
Cancellations are essential.
Cancellations are extremely inconvenient and unfair to the girls.
Cancellations are extremely limited and accepted only under very specific exceptions.
Cancellations are in part a consequence of the high rate of inflation of biomedical materials.
Cancellations are infrequent.
Cancellations are just as easy.
Cancellations are negation.
Cancellations are non-refundable within two weeks of start of camp.
Cancellations are non-refundable.
Cancellations are nullification.
Cancellations are refundable if written notice is received two weeks prior to class.
Cancellations are refundable up to two weeks prior to the arrival date.
Cancellations are some of the most collected items in the nation.
Cancellations are sometimes unavoidable.
Cancellations are strictly subject to the terms and Conditions of the Supplier.
Cancellations are subject to a fee, ask about our policy.
Cancellations are subject to individual hotel cancellation policy.
Cancellations are subject to one day's rent.
Cancellations are subject to our Cancellation Policy .
Cancellations are the responsibility of each individual player.
Cancellations are the responsibility of the traveler.
Cancellations are the wild card in Derby eating.
Cancellations are to be confirmed by the advertiser in writing.
Cancellations are unusual.
Cancellations become effective the first of the month following termination of employment.
Cancellations become effective.
Cancellations can actually make clearing the roads easier because there is less traffic.
Cancellations can occur without warning.
Cancellations can only take place in accordance with the regulations currently in force.
Cancellations do occur occasionally.
Cancellations do occur unpredicted so please be patient.
Cancellations do occur.
Cancellations do sometimes become available.
Cancellations exceeding a certain monetary amount have to be keyed in by a supervisor.
Cancellations forfeit the amount of deposit.
Cancellations have no fees due.
Cancellations have to be received by noon of meeting day.
Cancellations have to be received in writing .
Cancellations involve the same processing fee, but usually no money is refunded.
Cancellations made after the course starts are subject to the full course fee.
Cancellations made on non-refundable tickets can receive no refund.
Cancellations made within the five day period are subject to charges if the room remains unrented.
Cancellations make being on the Fire Island house waiting list worthwhile.
Cancellations normally occur one week before the first class of the course.
Cancellations occur and space opens up on a regular basis.
Cancellations occurring after check-in are subject to be charged for the cost of the entire booking.
Cancellations occurring without notice are responsible for the full tuition.
Cancellations only occur in bad weather or if there are insufficient passengers.
Cancellations receive full refund for balance of the subscription.
Cancellations require a seven day notice prior to scheduled arrival date.
Cancellations require a seven day notice.
Cancellations require a three week notice to receive a full refund.
Cancellations require a two-hour notice.
Cancellations require at least seven days advance notice to receive a full refund.
Cancellations require forty-eight hours notice.
Cancellations require seven days advance notice.
Cancellations require ten days notice in order to receive a full refund.
Cancellations require two week advance notice.
Cancellations Signing up for an interview is a formal commitment and a serious responsibility.
Cancellations take place immediately.
Cancellations There are no refunds for canceled ads.
Cancellations There is no charge for cancellations made at least two working days before an event.
Cancellations There is no charge for orders cancelled at least two working days before an event.
Cancellations vary between accommodations so be sure to ask when booking the room.
Cancellations void all frequency discounts.
All cancellations are bold red font and have a strike through effect.
All cancellations are effective when received in writing.
All cancellations are non-refundable.
All cancellations are only valid if made by the person who s name appears on the contract only.
All cancellations are over a five year period, unless otherwise noted.
All cancellations are subject to a cancellation fee.
All cancellations are subject to a minimum of one night's stay.
All cancellations are subject to a per room administration fee.
All cancellations are subject to a processing fee.
All cancellations are subject to penalty.
All cancellations are subject to quantity adjusted price billback.
All cancellations are subject to the handling fee.
All cancellations are to be faxed directly to the hotel Tours given by appointment only.
All cancellations require a cancellation number.
All cancellations require two weeks advanced notice.
All cancellations take effect immediately.
Any cancellation has to be in writing.
Any cancellation is subject to a cancellation fee.
Most cancellations are short haul flights to and from U.S. destinations.
Some cancellation has to occur.
Cancellative superposition decides the theory of divisible torsion-free abelian groups .
Cancelleds are part of south parks.
Cancellous bone contains water as well.
Cancellous bone has five times the available surface area compared with compact, or cortical bone.
Cancellous bone looks like a sponge and protects the bone marrow.
Cancellous bone resembles latticework and is spongy.
Cancer cachexia is the most common paraneoplastic syndrome in veterinary medicine.
Cancer cachexia is transmissible in plasma.
Cancer care is a combination of therapies ranging from chemotherapy, radiation therapy and surgery.
Cancer care is ever-changing.
Cancer care is made up of several components, each managed by a different sort of physician.
Cancer care is provided in a way that allows patients ready access to multiple specialists.
Cancer care is too important to be left to chance.
Cancer care requires a team approach.
Most cancer care takes place in community and primary care.
A cancer cell is a neoplastic cell
Cancer cells absorb large amounts of the sugar, compared to normal cells.
Cancer cells accumulate multiple mutations as they regress to malignancy.
Cancer cells are a type of malignant cell.
Cancer cells are able to grow in parts of the body other than their site of origin.
Cancer cells are abnormal and divide without control or order.
Cancer cells are abnormal cells that divide too often and without any order.
Cancer cells are academic journals.
Cancer cells are acidic while healthy cells are alkaline.
Cancer cells are all about telomerase and unrestricted cell division.
Cancer cells are also different from normal human cells.
Cancer cells are always atypical in some respect.
Cancer cells are cells that are engaged in uncontrolled mitosis .
Cancer cells are cells that ignore cell cycle regulations and divide unchecked.
Cancer cells are cells which are growing uncontrollably.
Cancer cells are cells.
Cancer cells are chameleons.
Cancer cells are characterized by rapid cell division.
Cancer cells are daunting to treat because they often have a number of genetic mutations.
Cancer cells are different from normal cells.
Cancer cells are easy to grow in culture.
Cancer cells are extremely small.
Cancer cells are full of telomerase and is why they live so long.
Cancer cells are genetically different from normal cells, and exhibit aberrant gene expression.
Cancer cells are genetically different from the normal cells from which they derive.
Cancer cells are immortal while normal cells die after a number of divisions.
Cancer cells are immortal.
Cancer cells are less differentiated than normal cells.
Cancer cells are more sensitive to enzymes than normal cells.
Cancer cells are more susceptible to radiation than healthy tissue, because they reproduce faster.
Cancer cells are more susceptible to radiation than normal cells.
Cancer cells are neoplastic cells.
Cancer cells are no exception.
Cancer cells are part of cancer.
Cancer cells are part of malignancy.
Cancer cells are present in lung secretions but no tumor can be found in the lung.
Cancer cells are present in several locations within the prostate.
Cancer cells are rapidly proliferating and, as such, they have high requirements for folate.
Cancer cells are similarly immortal.
Cancer cells are some of our own cells that have mutated and refuse to die.
Cancer cells are unable to adhere other cells.
Cancer cells are usually less differentiated than the cells of the tissue where they arose.
Cancer cells are well differentiated.
Cancer cells are, in the human or animal body, in an inexhaustible supply.
Cancer cells arise from normal cells whose nature is permanently changed.
Cancer cells attack healthy tissue and never stop multiplying.
Cancer cells become resistant to chemo and radiation treatments given previously.
Cancer cells become resistant to chemotherapy drugs.
Cancer cells can also become involved in the lymph nodes.
Cancer cells can also break away and enter the bloodstream or lymphatic system.
Cancer cells can also break away from a malignant tumor.
Cancer cells can also break away from the tumor and enter the bloodstream and the lymphatic system.
Cancer cells can also break away from the tumor and enter the bloodstream or lymphatic system .
Cancer cells can also break away from the tumor and enter the bloodstream or the Iymphatic system .
Cancer cells can also break away from the tumor and enter the bloodstream or the lymphatic system .
Cancer cells can also break off from the tumor and enter the blood stream.
Cancer cells can also enter specialized channels in the breast called lymphatics.
Cancer cells can also hide their antigens, making themselves less likely to be destroyed.
Cancer cells can also spread from their original site to other parts of the body.
Cancer cells can also spread to other organs through lymph channels and the bloodstream.
Cancer cells can also spread to other parts of the body, distant from the primary tumor.
Cancer cells can also spread, or metastasize, to other parts of the body through the bloodstream.
Cancer cells can become resistant to attack.
Cancer cells can break away from a malignant tumor and enter the bloodstream or lymphatic system.
Cancer cells can develop a resistance to drugs that are commonly used in chemotherapy.
Cancer cells can enter lymph vessels.
Cancer cells can form tumors, abnormally growing masses of body cells.
Cancer cells can go into a quiescent stage, then start dividing again.
Cancer cells can hide from lymphocytes by becoming almost invisible.
Cancer cells can invade and damage nearby tissues and organs.
Cancer cells can invade and damage tissues and organs near the tumor.
Cancer cells can invade nearby tissue and spread to other parts of the body.
Cancer cells can lodge in an organ at a distant location and start a new tumor.
Cancer cells can look different than normal cells.
Cancer cells can metastasize - break off and then grow in another location.
Cancer cells can spread through the bloodstream and Iymphatic system to other parts of the body.
Cancer cells can spread through the bloodstream and lymphatic system to other parts of the body.
Cancer cells can spread throughout the bloodstream and lymphatic system to other parts of the body.
Cancer cells can spread to distant places in the body and set up a new colony.
Cancer cells can travel through the bloodstream or through the immune system's lymph nodes.
Cancer cells can travel through the lymphatic system.
Cancer cells continue to grow and divide out of control and can spread to other parts of the body.
Cancer cells demonstrate an abnormality of both the proliferation and apoptosis.
Cancer cells develop at approximately the same phenomenal speed as embryonic cells do.
Cancer cells die, tumors shrink, and no side-effects are caused in any other tissues.
Cancer cells differ from healthy cells in that they are immortal.
Cancer cells differ from healthy cells in that they are, in effect, immortal.
Cancer cells differ from normal cells in many ways.
Cancer cells differ from normal cells in several ways.
Cancer cells disappear after a famous rabbi predicts their retreat.
Cancer cells divide and multiply uncontrollably.
Cancer cells divide at inappropriate times.
Cancer cells divide continuously, and many anti-cancer drugs attack dividing cells.
Cancer cells divide rapidly, but so do stomach cells and bone-marrow cells and lots of other cells.
Cancer cells divide very rapidly.
Cancer cells eat sugar more quickly than healthy cells.
Cancer cells evade our immune system by a. hiding inside of our organs.
Cancer cells exude nitric oxide.
Cancer cells flaunt the rules.
Cancer cells generate a tremendous amount of poisons.
Cancer cells get energy from glucose by fermentation instead of by oxidizing it like normal cells.
Cancer cells go through many steps to grow.
Cancer cells gobble up sugar ten to fifteen times more than normal cells do.
Cancer cells grow and divide rapidly out of control.
Cancer cells grow and divide rapidly, and they are very sensitive to the effects of radiation.
Cancer cells grow and divide rapidly.
Cancer cells grow and divide uncontrollably, eventually pushing aside healthy cells.
Cancer cells grow and divide very quickly.
Cancer cells grow faster than normal tissue.
Cancer cells grow more rapidly than normal, healthy cells.
Cancer cells grow outwith the growth regulating system in the body.
Cancer cells grow rapidly and uncontrollably.
Cancer cells grow so fast they lack sufficient oxygen.
Cancer cells grow unpredictably, ignoring the warnings to which other cells respond.
Cancer cells have a faster metabolism than normal cells.
Cancer cells have a higher proportion integrated than premalignant cells.
Cancer cells have defects in the apoptotic pathway which lead to tumor development and progression.
Cancer cells have low or undetectable levels of CKIs when compared to normal cells.
Cancer cells have more cholesterol-type compounds in their membranes than normal cells.
Cancer cells have the ability to break into the blood vessels and travel to distant sites.
Cancer cells have the ability to invade the blood vessels and find their way into the bloodstream.
Cancer cells hide under a coating of fibrin.
Cancer cells interfere with and overrun the functioning of normal body cells.
Cancer cells keep dividing and forming more cells without a control mechanism.
Cancer cells live forever and become so numerous that they invade other tissues.
Cancer cells lose that.
Cancer cells lose the ability to control the cell cycle.
Cancer cells lose their normal awareness of their position with respect to other cells.
Cancer cells make abnormal molecules to put on their surface.
Cancer cells make their way, sometimes all too quickly, throughout the body.
Cancer cells metabolize sugar faster than normal cells.
Cancer cells move rapidly through the cell cycle and reenter cell division.
Cancer cells multiply faster than normal cells, and continue to multiply, or proliferate.
Cancer cells override the checkpoints, and grow at break neck speed.
Cancer cells proceed through cell division at break-neck speed.
Cancer cells produce plentiful telomerase.
Cancer cells recover more slowly and with more difficulty.
Cancer cells reflect light differently from the way healthy cells reflect light.
Cancer cells release various antigens, some of which appear in the urine.
Cancer cells reproduce relatively quickly in culture.
Cancer cells require food, oxygen and growth proteins in order to grow and spread.
Cancer cells require food, oxygen, and growth proteins in order to grow and spread.
Cancer cells require high levels of nitrogen.
Cancer cells seem to express cathepsin-B on their membrane surfaces as well.
Cancer cells share certain traits with anti-social members of human society.
Cancer cells show no contact inhibition.
Cancer cells stop reproducing and begin to die.
Cancer cells thrive by altering their micro-environment to make it more hospitable.
Cancer cells thrive on iron.
Cancer cells travel through the lymphatics to the lymph nodes to form tumors.
Cancer cells use autocrine signaling to trigger growth.
Cancer cells use basically the same mechanism to evade chemotherapy.
Cancer cells use more energy than neighboring cells.
Cancer cells use the enzyme protein kinase as a growth factor.
Cancer cells use the enzyme tyrosine kinase as a growth factor.
Cancer cells use the enzyme urokinase to invade cells and metastasize.
Cancer cells violate the natural scheme by following their own agenda for growth and proliferation.
All cancer cells originate from normal cells and have the intelligence of a normal cell.
Many cancer cells appear to owe their immortality to a switched on telomerase gene.
Most cancer cells are immature, unspecialized cells that multiply indefinitely.
Most cancer cells are part of cancer.
Most cancer cells exhibit telomeric associations.
Most cancer cells have a high level of the enzyme telomerase.
Most cancer cells have elevated levels of tyrosine kinase activity.
Some cancer cells produce hormones while others continue to divide and produce more abnormal cells.
Some cancer cells produce large amounts of molecules called growth factors.
Cancer chemotherapy is the most common cause of agranulocytosis.
Cancer clusters are very difficult to analyze.
Cancer clusters can occur by chance.
Cancer clusters can provide an opportunity for cancer prevention and control.
Cancer diagnosis improves with effective treatment, for instance.
A cancer drug is a cytotoxic drug
Cancer drugs can cause nausea.
Many cancer drugs cause baldness.
Some cancer drugs are particularly dangerous and risk damaging the heart or other vital organs.
Cancer epidemiology is the study of the patterns of cancer occurrence in a population.
Cancer fatigue can have mental and emotional effects as well.
Cancer fatigue is real.
Cancer immunotherapy is a particularly good case in point.
Cancer incidence increases with age.
Cancer incidence is monitored by population-based tumor registries around the world.
Cancer incidence is the estimated number of new cases of cancer diagnosed each year.
Cancer institute warns of cigars' dangers.
Cancer insurance is funded by the employee.
Cancer insurance is optional and the individual pays the premium.
Cancer men are loyal, reliable husbands and nurturing fathers.
Cancer pain calls upon our widest therapeutic repertoire.
Cancer pain can be acute or chronic.
Cancer pain can be constant or recurring.
Cancer pain is a common problem that can be treated by a patient's cancer care team.
Cancer pain is a complete subjective phenomenon, and everyone's pain threshold is different.
Cancer pain is an especially consuming pain.
Cancer pain is an unpleasant sensation of varying degrees of discomfort or soreness.
Cancer pain is associated with increased emotional distress.
Cancer pain is often under treated.
Cancer pain is often undertreated.
Cancer pain is untreated in many nursing home patients, study finds.
Cancer pain programs a global perspective on improving pain management.
Cancer pain remains an undertreated and neglected public health problem.
Cancer pain responds to many forms of treatment in addition to medications.
Most cancer pain comes from a tumor pressing on a bone, nerve or body organ.
Cancer patients appear to exhibit a significant reduction in melatonin productivity.
Cancer patients are also fatigue patients.
Cancer patients are just regular people.
Cancer patients are prone to develop infections.
Cancer patients are really a very special, special little group.
Cancer patients are the largest users of blood components.
Cancer patients are the leading recipient of all donated blood products.
Cancer patients being treated with chemo suffer from painful nausea, vomiting, and loss of appetite.
Cancer patients benefit at first from chemotherapy, then the drug loses potency over time.
Cancer patients can get high-end care at several hospitals.
Cancer patients can keep their confidence by borrowing wigs, hats and scarves.
Cancer patients can participate in their recovery along with their healthcare team.
Cancer patients can share experiences and support each other, and understand that hope is alive.
Cancer patients can take six capsules per day.
Cancer patients confront extraordinary challenges.
Cancer patients consider alternative therapy.
Cancer patients consider therapy.
Cancer patients control nausea.
Cancer patients do better when chemotherapy is delivered at night.
Cancer patients do have a place to lessen their suffering.
Cancer patients exemplify the costs of terminal care.
Cancer patients fear a painful, miserable death, and cancer is certainly capable of that.
Cancer patients follow diets.
Cancer patients follow recommendations.
Cancer patients get a little patch of comfort .
Cancer patients go up and down.
Cancer patients have a plethora of problems, legal and non-legal.
Cancer patients have an increased risk of blood clots in veins .
Cancer patients have expectancy.
Cancer patients have love and care to give also .
Cancer patients have low selenium blood levels.
Cancer patients have pain for a variety of reasons.
Cancer patients have to go to Mexico to get the treatment that works.
Cancer patients know all about physical hardships that come with the disease.
Cancer patients learn a lot about waiting.
Cancer patients learn to manage stress through art and journal writing.
Cancer patients live with a huge burden of stress in their life.
Cancer patients receive the most comprehensive treatment available.
Cancer patients receive therapy.
Cancer patients say marijuana relieves the roiling nausea brought on by chemotherapy.
Cancer patients show evidence.
Cancer patients show improvement, especially when begun early.
Cancer patients slump in their wheelchairs or collapse on the floor.
Cancer patients survive.
Cancer patients tend to be both assertive and involved with their care.
Cancer patients undergoing chemotherapy frequently use marijuana to reduce their severe nausea.
Cancer patients use imagery to bolster their immune responses.
Cancer patients welcome.
All cancer patients benefit from psychological assessment and support.
All cancer patients can experience cancer pain.
Any cancer patient can relate to many of the authors' experiences.
Many cancer patients develop mouth problems during treatment.
Many cancer patients die from bleeding caused by too few platelets.
Many cancer patients experience moderate or severe pain.
Many cancer patients experience the same kind of feelings of isolation in their social lives.
Many cancer patients fear the possibility of death.
Many cancer patients find great value in participating in support groups.
Many cancer patients have a condition in the blood called rouleau.
Many cancer patients have beliefs and fears that further complicate the management of their pain.
Many cancer patients have beliefs and fears which further complicate the management of their pain.
Many cancer patients have no way to get to treatment.
Many cancer patients have significant pain, which is often needlessly unrelieved.
Many cancer patients overestimate their prognoses.
Many cancer patients recover from their tumour and die from something quite different, years later.
Many cancer patients rely on chemotherapy to attack and destroy their proliferating cancer cells.
Many cancer patients suffer from localized itchiness, often worse at the time of the full moon.
Many cancer patients suffer severe vomiting in response to treatment.
Most cancer patients are on several medications at once.
Most cancer patients consider alternative therapy.
Most cancer patients consider therapy.
Most cancer patients control nausea.
Most cancer patients die as a result of the damage to their non-cancerous cells.
Most Cancer patients feel low and depressed.
Most cancer patients follow diets.
Most cancer patients follow recommendations.
Most cancer patients have a poor appetite and bowel tone due to the disease process.
Most cancer patients have expectancy.
Most cancer patients have to wait five years before doctors claim full remission.
Most cancer patients receive therapy.
Most cancer patients say that from the moment of their diagnosis, everything in life is changed.
Most cancer patients show evidence.
Some cancer patients cite disfiguring treatment as a cause of sexual problems.
Some cancer patients control diarrhea.
Some cancer patients die of cirrhosis.
Some cancer patients discuss decisions.
Some cancer patients experience quality.
Some cancer patients plan services.
Some cancer patients produce too many T-suppressor cells that shut down optimal immune function.
Some cancer patients receive chemotherapy.
Some cancer patients respond well to a particular cancer therapy or combination of therapies.
Some cancer patients suffer nausea.
Some cancer patients take part in studies of new treatments.
Some cancer patients undergo chemotherapy.
Some cancer patients undergo radiation.
Some cancer patients undergoing chemotherapy argue marijuana relieves their nausea.
Cancer prevalence is the number of people living who have been diagnosed with cancer.
Cancer prevention aims to prevent cancer from ever developing.
Cancer prevention focuses on avoiding alcohol, tobacco, sun exposure, and dietary fat.
Cancer prevention is attributed to the antioxidants contained in tea.
Cancer prevention is defined as active measures to decrease cancer risk.
Cancer prevention is part of the government s strategy.
Cancer rates are also a growing concern nationwide.
Cancer rates are also lower for the married population.
Cancer rates are through the roof.
Cancer rates are up , particularly for cancers that affect the young.
Cancer rates are up slightly.
Cancer rates climb.
Cancer rates differ from country to country.
Cancer rates falling, study says.
Cancer rates run high in poor communities because of living conditions and lifestyles.
Cancer rates soar as a result of radiation in the atmosphere.
Cancer rates vary enormously by age.
Cancer rates vary with age, acculturation and location.
Cancer registries are also critical in our efforts to improve outreach and screening programs.
Cancer registries say informed consent is unworkable.
Cancer research based on genetics has produced very little, some say nothing at all.
Cancer research is a classic example.
Cancer research is a subject that brings back a flash of the old fire.
Cancer research is a vitally important and growing field of research.
Cancer research is academic journals.
Cancer research is an expensive and fiercely competitive business.
Cancer research is conducted alongside clinical work and clinical trials.
Cancer research is possibly the most important reason for embryo cloning.
Cancer research is such a worthy cause.
Cancer research is the best hope for making progress.
Cancer research is typically a collaborative and interdisciplinary effort.
Cancer research is vastly underfunded.
Cancer research is well organized and integrated into standard patient care.
Cancer research requires considerable support.
Cancer researchers are also very interested in telomeres.
Cancer researchers are no exception.
Cancer researchers continue to study and learn more about skin cancer.
Cancer researchers research the causes of cancers, as well as ways to prevent and cure cancers.
Cancer researchers use the word risk in different ways.
Some cancer researchers discover roles.
Some cancer researchers know truth.
Some cancer researchers say the drugs are the most exciting treatment that they have ever seen.
Cancer screening is the process of checking for cancer when there are no symptoms.
Cancer sign is the first water sign and represents water in it's most basic form.
Cancer stage is a measure of how far the disease has progressed.
Cancer stage is an important prognostic factor.
Cancer statistics apply to large groups of people and they have little meaning for one individual.
Cancer statistics are extremely parallel to how many fast-food restaurants are in the area.
Cancer statistics are tragic and overwhelming.
Cancer surgery is done to remove cancerous tissue from the body.
Cancer surgery is painful and often disfiguring.
Cancer surveillance is a key component of cancer control.
Cancer surveillance leads to early diagnosis when breast cancer is curable.
Cancer survivors applaud the newly written guidelines.
Cancer survivors are productive workers and have no higher rate of absenteeism.
Cancer survivors are victims of cancer.
Cancer survivors are welcome to join the planning committee for the event.
Cancer survivors begin the event by walking the first lap around the track.
Cancer survivors can still experience fatigue long after they've completed their treatments.
Cancer survivors carry white balloons and everyone else carries red ones.
Cancer survivors display their crafts and hobbies.
Cancer survivors follow recommendations.
Cancer survivors give hope to the newly stricken.
Cancer survivors take the first lap as the relay begins.
Any cancer survivor is welcome to walk the lap.
Many cancer survivors develop lymphedema- a disorder of the lymphatic system.
Most cancer survivors follow recommendations.
Some cancer survivors have radiation therapy.
Some cancer survivors have therapy.
Some cancer survivors limit alcohol intake.
Some cancer survivors limit intake.
Cancer symptoms can be a tumor or resemble a different illness.
Cancer therapies aim at controlling tumor growth.
Cancer therapy consists of both standard and experimental treatment.
Cancer therapy is a fast-changing field, with new treatment schedules always being tested.
Cancer therapy is different for every patient.
All cancer therapies can perturb the quality and quantity of survivorship.
All cancer therapy begins there.
Many cancer therapies depend on induction of apoptosis by causing cellular damage.
Cancer treatment can be either palliative or curative .
Cancer treatment can take many different forms and it is always tailored to the individual patient.
Cancer treatment can take on various forms.
Cancer treatment goes beyond chemotherapy, radiotherapy and surgery.
Cancer treatment has many side effects, including possible death.
Cancer treatment is a big business, run by doctors living in a world of hopes and dreams.
Cancer treatment is accomplished by using multiple overlapping therapies.
Cancer treatment is an expensive and specialized mode of treatment.
Cancer treatment is big business.
Cancer treatment is generally far more successful before the cancerous cells massively reaccumulate.
Cancer treatment is vital, say aid agencies, as cancers have increased five-fold since the Gulf War.
Cancer treatments account for about one-third of the drugs in human studies.
Cancer treatments are complex.
Cancer treatments are much the same.
Cancer treatments are notoriously difficult to evaluate.
Cancer treatments are very complex and can be affected by many things.
Cancer treatments can also cause depression and anxiety.
Cancer treatments can also cause pain and discomfort.
Cancer treatments can also cause pain sometimes.
Cancer treatments can cause appetite loss.
Cancer treatments can cause pain, too.
Cancer treatments can sound as dangerous as the disease itself.
Cancer treatments can take both a physical and emotional toll on people with cancer.
Cancer treatments can take several months to several years.
Cancer treatments work on different levels within and around the cell.
Many cancer treatments stop cells dividing and growing.
Most cancer treatments are specific for a particular type of cancer.
Most cancer treatments have side effects that can affect how a person eats, sleeps, feels and looks.
Most cancer treatments have side effects that can make a person sick while undergoing the treatment.
Some cancer treatments cause depressions.
Some cancer treatments make it difficult to swallow, a condition called dysphagia.
Some cancer treatments work to stimulate cells to commit suicide.
Cancer tumors have characteristics.
Cancer vaccines are a relatively new development in cancer treatment.
Cancer vaccines are different.
Cancer vaccines are the new hope.
Cancer vaccines can cause muscle aches and fever.
Cancer vaccines introduce cancer antigens to the patients who already suffer from cancer.
Most cancer vaccines are in their infancy.
Cancer accounts for about a quarter of all deaths in American adults.
Cancer affects ability.
Cancer affects adults.
Cancer affects all levels of the person.
Cancer affects cells, the body's basic unit of life.
Cancer affects each person differently and usually in a lot of different ways at different times.
Cancer affects everyone, rich or poor, young or old.
Cancer affects many species besides mammals, including fish, reptiles, and birds.
Cancer affects men at a higher rate than women, both in incidence and in deaths.
Cancer affects millions of people each year.
Cancer affects more than the person with the diagnosis.
Cancer affects one in three individuals.
Cancer affects one in three of the UK population.
Cancer affects one of every four American families.
Cancer affects our cells , the body's basic unit of life.
Cancer affects our cells, the body's basic unit of life.
Cancer affects people of all age, sex, race, geographical location, and social status.
Cancer affects the entire family.
Cancer affects thousands of families in our community every year.
Cancer affects three out of four families in America today.
Cancer arises from a disorder in the regulation of cell growth.
Cancer arises from a sequence of mutational events of both oncogenes and tumor suppressor genes.
Cancer arises from the accumulation of multiple mutations in a cell.
Cancer arises through a multistep process of accumulated damage to genes in a single cell.
Cancer arising in another organ that spreads to the vagina is much more common.
Cancer beats a retreat .
Cancer becomes a bigger and bigger problem as the patient population ages.
Cancer becomes tamed, no longer such a threat.
Cancer begins as a single abnormal cell that begins to multiply out of control.
Cancer begins in the cell.
Cancer begins when a cell begins dividing uncontrollably.
Cancer begins when a single cell is transformed, or converted from a normal cell to a cancer cell.
Cancer begins when one cell in the body becomes abnormal or 'mutates'.
Cancer begins with a series of mutations.
Cancer begins with the transformation of a single cell.
Cancer behaves differently in different people, depending on the type of cancer involved.
Cancer born can shine in the fields of health, sanitation, medicine, pharmacy and diet.
Cancer brings difficult questions.
Cancer brings on new solar fragments.
Cancer can affect all body parts except the hair, nails and teeth.
Cancer can affect any part of the body, particularly the skin, bone, and other major body organs.
Cancer can affect anybody at any age.
Cancer can affect anyone, though increasing age is often associated with increased risk.
Cancer can affect the upper portion of the birth canal, especially the cervix.
Cancer can also grow directly outward.
Cancer can also grow from the liver .
Cancer can also grow from the liver.
Cancer can also metastasize through the bloodstream.
Cancer can also occur in the islet cells but is less common there.
Cancer can also spread to adjacent structures and penetrate body cavities by direct extension.
Cancer can also spread to other parts of the body.
Cancer can also spread to the area near spinal cord and vertebrae.
Cancer can also take a beating from nuts.
Cancer can arise in almost any tissue or organ within the human body.
Cancer can attack all population groups, from rich to poor, underserved and minorities.
Cancer can attack anyone.
Cancer can attack people of all ages - men, women, and children.
Cancer can be a big problem for a person.
Cancer can be a complex, frightening disease that brings on a lot of very emotional reactions.
Cancer can be a frightening word.
Cancer can be a problem.
Cancer can be a very costly disease.
Cancer can be extremely stressful, after all.
Cancer can be one of the most emotionally charged of all diseases afflicting humans and animals.
Cancer can be one possible result of an infection.
Cancer can be one possible result of such an infection.
Cancer can be subtle at first.
Cancer can be such a lonely disease.
Cancer can be too deadly a proposition to let any possible assistance be ignored.
Cancer can be very frightening.
Cancer can become an isolating experience.
Cancer can become over protective or even over bearing in their desire to help and cherish others.
Cancer can begin in any organ or tissue of the body.
Cancer can begin in mystery and vanish just as mysteriously.
Cancer can bring out the best in people.
Cancer can cause a cachexia wasting syndrome in some patients.
Cancer can cause a lump.
Cancer can cause a variety of symptoms.
Cancer can cause death.
Cancer can cause pain in several different ways.
Cancer can cause premature death.
Cancer can cure clams, say bewildered scientists.
Cancer can develop anywhere in the body, and at any age.
Cancer can develop at any time in any tissue or organ.
Cancer can develop from any tissue within any organ.
Cancer can develop in any body organ or tissue, with the exception of hair and nails.
Cancer can develop in any of the four sections of the colon or in the rectum.
Cancer can develop in any of the four sections of the colon or rectum.
Cancer can develop in any part of the colon or in the rectum.
Cancer can develop in the wall of the gallbladder.
Cancer can develop on the outside of the anus or on the inside of the rectum.
Cancer can develop, people can die.
Cancer can do it, as can surgical diversions of the human tubing.
Cancer can exert a powerful emotional toll as well.
Cancer can find other routes other than the lymph system.
Cancer can form in almost all tissues of the body.
Cancer can get crabby without constant feeding.
Cancer can go.
Cancer can greatly disrupt a child's life, and that of the entire family.
Cancer can grow in any part of the body.
Cancer can have a devastating impact on a person's financial well-being.
Cancer can have devastating emotional and physical effects on patients and their families.
Cancer can have some unexpected blessings.
Cancer can hit anyone.
Cancer can impact our personal thoughts and feelings as well.
Cancer can invade any of the four sections of the colon, or the rectum.
Cancer can make a person stronger, and it can make life richer than ever.
Cancer can make people feel isolated from the rest of the world.
Cancer can metastasize to the thyroid gland and present as a palpable nodule.
Cancer can occur at any age.
Cancer can occur for reasons other than heredity.
Cancer can occur here.
Cancer can occur in any organ or tissue.
Cancer can occur in different parts of the body.
Cancer can occur in the peritoneum even after the ovaries have been removed.
Cancer can occur when there is no longer a balance between dividing and dying cells.
Cancer can only grow when the cells are acid, the blood is alkaline, and there is poor oxygenation.
Cancer can place demands on families that community agencies are equipped to relieve.
Cancer can put a strain on both close and distant relationships.
Cancer can result from a gene mutation that produces uncontrolled cell division.
Cancer can result from a transposon jumping into a regulatory gene controlling apoptosis.
Cancer can result from excess cell division or deficient apoptosis.
Cancer can result from mutations by an indirect, vaguely understood process.
Cancer can result in death.
Cancer can run in families.
Cancer can spread by way of the lymph vessels and clog up the lymph nodes and start to grow.
Cancer can spread by way of the lymphatic system.
Cancer can spread over to lungs, liver, bones and other organs.
Cancer can spread to any area in the body, but most likely goes to lung, liver, bone brain.
Cancer can spread to other parts of the body.
Cancer can start in any of the four sections or where the colon ends in the rectum.
Cancer can start in the eye or can spread to the eye.
Cancer can strike any part of the mouth, including the lips and tongue.
Cancer can strike anybody.
Cancer can strike anyone at any time.
Cancer can strike anyone of any age, and the chances are greater for users of alcohol.
Cancer can strike anyone, regardless of age, gender or race.
Cancer can strike anyone.
Cancer can strike anytime.
Cancer can strike at any time, in any place.
Cancer can strike in many different parts of the voice box.
Cancer can strike the colon and the rectum.
Cancer can strike young and old, rich and poor, city dweller and rural resident.
Cancer can take over a vital organ in a matter of weeks, or it can take decades.
Cancer can take quite an emotional toll on the patient and their loved ones.
Cancer can take six or more years to develop.
Cancer can take years to decades to develop, depending on the type.
Cancer care a focus for continued growth and recognition.
Cancer causes anxiety, obviously.
Cancer causes death.
Cancer causes forum.
Cancer causes more childhood deaths than any other disease.
Cancer causes more deaths during childhood that any other disease.
Cancer causes smoking.
Cancer causes the passing of time to accelerate.
Cancer changes lives forever.
Cancer changes normal body cells so that they are unable to perform their normal functions.
Cancer changes one's life dramatically.
Cancer changes the DNA of a cell, making it grow and divide unstopably.
Cancer contains more water-like material, so it can appear whiter than normal breast tissue.
Cancer continues to be a major killer, second only to heart disease.
Cancer continues to be the second leading cause of death for both men and women.
Cancer continues to take a devastating toll on American women.
Cancer creates a home and connects with the moon's healing cycles.
Cancer creates a protective boundary and establishes a supportive environment.
Cancer demonstrates selection favoring mutant cells at the expense of the organism.
Cancer destroys healthy tissues and organs.
Cancer devastates the body and spirit until both have no fight remaining.
Cancer developing many years after exposure to a pesticide is an example of chronic toxicity iii.
Cancer develops following the accumulation of genetic and epigenetic changes.
Cancer develops in many places of the body such as, the lung, breast, bones, and other forms.
Cancer develops in people of all ages but most often in the middle-aged and the elderly.
Cancer develops slowly in people.
Cancer develops through a series of sequential events.
Cancer develops when cells begin to multiply at an abnormal rate.
Cancer develops when cells lose their ability to regulate their cell cycle.
Cancer develops when cells no longer follow their normal pattern of controlled growth.
Cancer develops when cells start to proliferate and escape that control.
Cancer develops when cells that line the colon and rectum begin to grow out of control.
Cancer develops when several mutations to such genes accumulate.
Cancer disrupts family life and causes confusion and distress.
Cancer does indeed invade the family.
Cancer does occur in the prostate gland and is more common as men age.
Cancer does that to people.
Cancer does touch everyone in some way.
Cancer does unpredictable things to the body and to the lives that it affects.
Cancer draws it out to make even the smallest box last for a month.
Cancer drives that point home.
Cancer engenders the same reaction.
Cancer enjoys antiques, sweaters, food and kitchen stuff.
Cancer equals death' is the first thing people go through.
Cancer equals death.
Cancer evokes powerful negative thoughts and emotions such as fear, anger and depression.
Cancer falls to the weakest failing organs.
Cancer feeds on stress.
Cancer feels hard.
Cancer feels used or shortchanged.
Cancer forever gropes around for further victims.
Cancer gives people a chance to do that.
Cancer gives people an opportunity to look at life in a new way.
Cancer gives the nod of approval.
Cancer grows from a systemic clogging of an area of the body.
Cancer grows on.
Cancer grows out of normal cells.
Cancer hangs on longer than most to childhood wounds and past pain.
Cancer happens to the entire social network.
Cancer happens when cells grow out of control.
Cancer has (part) cancer cells.
Cancer has (part) cell membranes.
Cancer has (part) cytoplasm.
Cancer has (part) nuclei.
Cancer has (part) plasma membranes.
Cancer has (part) sections.
Cancer has (part) vacuoles.
Cancer has causes.
Cancer has characteristics.
Cancer has components.
Cancer has distinct characteristics.
Cancer has enough consequences.
Cancer has links to other disease processes.
Cancer has long baffled medical science.
Cancer has no heart.
Cancer has no prejudice.
Cancer has no prejudices.
Cancer has only one prime cause.
Cancer has potential.
Cancer has several characteristics.
Cancer has several distinct characteristics.
Cancer has such a stigma.
Cancer has to do with home and family, patriotism and nurturing.
Cancer has to obey.
Cancer hits suddenly - often causing loss of a job.
Cancer hope British men are beating testicular cancer, it was revealed today.
Cancer hope British scientists are claiming a major breakthrough in the fight to cure cancer.
Cancer immunotherapy with alloreactive lymphocytes.
Cancer impacts many, many people.
Cancer impacts more than just people - it affects families.
Cancer includes all publications that relate to cancer.
Cancer increases the risk even more.
Cancer infects all .COM files in the current directory whenever an infected program is run.
Cancer involves many genes and people are different.
Cancer involves the loss of control over cell division.
Cancer involving lymph system cells causes cells to grow rapidly and without order.
Cancer involving the lymph system cells causes cells to grow rapidly and without order.
Cancer is a abnormal growth of cells in the body.
Cancer is a bad disease.
Cancer is a beast.
Cancer is a big problem, dragging profits down.
Cancer is a blow to every family it touches.
Cancer is a blow to everyone it touches.
Cancer is a breakdown in the viability of our being.
Cancer is a business.
Cancer is a cardinal, water sign represented by the mountain stream pool of water.
Cancer is a change in the physical area.
Cancer is a chronic illness, which means that it takes time for it to grow worse.
Cancer is a clear example of such a Darwinian system.
Cancer is a clonal abnormality.
Cancer is a colony of constantly dividing cells.
Cancer is a common and often devastating disease.
Cancer is a common and serious disease.
Cancer is a common cause of death.
Cancer is a common disease.
Cancer is a common illness in the United States.
Cancer is a communicable disease.
Cancer is a complex disease often requiring complicated protocols.
Cancer is a complex disease with numerous treatment options.
Cancer is a complex issue, and breast cancer is especially so.
Cancer is a complex topic.
Cancer is a complicated disease and each individual's response to the experience is different.
Cancer is a complicated disease to understand, even for adults.
Cancer is a complicated disease.
Cancer is a condition in which cells from a tumor can escape and start new tumors in other tissues.
Cancer is a condition in which cells grow and divide inappropriately.
Cancer is a consequence of mutation and natural selection within a population of cells.
Cancer is a crash course in coming to grips with mortality.
Cancer is a crisis for the family and for the network of people around the patient.
Cancer is a defect in regulation of the cell cycle.
Cancer is a derangement in cell cycle control.
Cancer is a devastating disease where current medical treatments are often inadequate.
Cancer is a disease as much about appearance as reality.
Cancer is a disease associated with clonal evolution and cell competition within the body.
Cancer is a disease caused by an uncontrolled division of abnormal cells in a part of the body.
Cancer is a disease characterized by an abnormal growth of cells.
Cancer is a disease directly affected by lifestyle choices.
Cancer is a disease entity characterized by uncontrolled cell proliferation.
Cancer is a disease for a civilised people.
Cancer is a disease in which cells change and grow at a rate that is out of control.
Cancer is a disease in which cells grow and undergo mitosis at an abnormally high rate.
Cancer is a disease in which certain cells begin to divide too quickly and without any order.
Cancer is a disease in which healthy cells stop functioning and maturing properly.
Cancer is a disease marked by the uncontrolled growth of abnormal cells.
Cancer is a disease of abnormal gene function.
Cancer is a disease of aging.
Cancer is a disease of cells.
Cancer is a disease of deregulated cellular behaviour.
Cancer is a disease of genes gone awry, but only a small portion of cancer is inherited.
Cancer is a disease of genes gone awry.
Cancer is a disease of genetic and genomic instability.
Cancer is a disease of inappropriate cell proliferation.
Cancer is a disease of industrialization .
Cancer is a disease of repressed emotion and life-energy.
Cancer is a disease of the body's cells.
Cancer is a disease of the cell cycle in which cell division has gone haywire.
Cancer is a disease of the cell cycle.
Cancer is a disease of the elderly.
Cancer is a disease of tissue, of cells interacting with other cells in an abnormal way.
Cancer is a disease of uncontrolled cell growth.
Cancer is a disease of unregulated cell division.
Cancer is a disease of unregulated growth of the body's own cells.
Cancer is a disease process.
Cancer is a disease that affects the whole family.
Cancer is a disease that can tear families and friends apart.
Cancer is a disease that causes cells to multiply uncontrollably.
Cancer is a disease that comes with a tremendous amount of emotional baggage.
Cancer is a disease that develops over many years.
Cancer is a disease that is due to the uncontrolled and purposeless growth of cells in the body.
Cancer is a disease that is influenced by the stress response.
Cancer is a disease that kills one out of every five peope in the world.
Cancer is a disease that occurs much too frequently.
Cancer is a disease that occurs when cells in a person's body divide uncontrollably forming tumors.
Cancer is a disease that occurs when the is no longer regulated.
Cancer is a disease that still needs a lot of study.
Cancer is a disease that takes a long time to develop.
Cancer is a disease where cell division has gone out of control.
Cancer is a disease which manages to defeat the immune system.
Cancer is a disease which results from a malignant overgrowth, without control or purpose, of cells.
Cancer is a disease with many interlocking dimensions.
Cancer is a disease, characterized by abnormal growth of cells.
Cancer is a disease.
Cancer is a dreaded disease and is very difficult to fight.
Cancer is a dreadful disease and very distressful to any family.
Cancer is a dreadful disease for both sufferers and their loved ones.
Cancer is a dreadful disease, no question.
Cancer is a dreadful disease.
Cancer is a fairly common disease that affects hedgehogs.
Cancer is a family disease.
Cancer is a family illness.
Cancer is a family issue.
Cancer is a family of diseases that is characterized by cells that replicate too rapidly.
Cancer is a form of abnormal cell growth in tissues of the body.
Cancer is a formidable disease.
Cancer is a formidable opponent and, with no cure yet secured, doctors can do only so much.
Cancer is a frightening and invasive disease.
Cancer is a frightening thing, but a subgroup of cancers is curable and treatable.
Cancer is a frightening word surrounded by fears and myths.
Cancer is a frightening word that brings many fears to our minds.
Cancer is a general term for uncontrolled cell growth.
Cancer is a genetic disease at two different levels.
Cancer is a genetic disease by definition.
Cancer is a genetic disease.
Cancer is a genetic disorder of somatic cells.
Cancer is a great holder of hands.
Cancer is a group of diseases characterized by the uncontrolled growth and spread of abnormal cells.
Cancer is a group of diseases characterized by uncontrolled growth and spread of abnormal cells.
Cancer is a group of diseases in which cells in the body grow, change, and multiply out of control.
Cancer is a group of diseases that are characterized by uncontrolled growth of abnormal cells.
Cancer is a group of diseases that cause cells to alter and grow.
Cancer is a group of diseases which affect the cells of the body.
Cancer is a group of diseases which causes cells in the body to change and grow out of control.
Cancer is a group of diseases.
Cancer is a group of many different diseases that have some important things in common.
Cancer is a group of many related diseases that begin in cells , the body's basic unit of life.
Cancer is a group of many related diseases that begin in cells, the body's basic unit of life.
Cancer is a group of many related diseases.
Cancer is a growing problem in the developing countries.
Cancer is a growth industry.
Cancer is a growth of abnormal cells in the body.
Cancer is a heritable disorder of somatic cells.
Cancer is a highly powerful cell ager as well.
Cancer is a highly variable disease, and some forms are in fact curable.
Cancer is a homebody and wants a big family.
Cancer is a horrible disease.
Cancer is a horrible monstrous disease.
Cancer is a human problem, as are other diseases, and death.
Cancer is a leading cause of death in cats and dogs.
Cancer is a leading cause of death in most industrialized countries.
Cancer is a legislatively mandated, reportable disease in the state of Florida.
Cancer is a life-changing experience.
Cancer is a life-transforming experience.
Cancer is a major cause of death in the United States.
Cancer is a major issue in health care.
Cancer is a major killer of people all around the globe.
Cancer is a malfunction of the body's normal growth process.
Cancer is a malignant growth that can affect any part of the body.
Cancer is a malignant neoplasm.
Cancer is a malignant tumor, which invades tissues aggressively.
Cancer is a malignant tumor.
Cancer is a mass of toxins that attack the immune system.
Cancer is a mass sign.
Cancer is a messed up thing.
Cancer is a metabolic deficiency.
Cancer is a metaphor for an obstacle.
Cancer is a metastatic tumor
Cancer is a modern day epidemic.
Cancer is a more appropriate metaphor for the nation s drug problem.
Cancer is a much more complex disease than, say, a bacterial infection.
Cancer is a multifactorial disease, caused by both genetic and environmental factors.
Cancer is a multi-parameter phenomenon and is elusive target in terms of drug therapy.
Cancer is a multistep process, the genetic basis for which has been only partly elucidated.
Cancer is a multistep process.
Cancer is a mutation in the information part of the cell, the DNA itself.
Cancer is a pervasive problem in America.
Cancer is a political issue.
Cancer is a population of the body s cells that divides without control.
Cancer is a possible cause.
Cancer is a potentially serious disease.
Cancer is a pretty scary word.
Cancer is a preventable disease that requires major lifestyle changes.
Cancer is a preventable disease.
Cancer is a problem of public health proportions.
Cancer is a process that indicates out of control thinking.
Cancer is a process with many steps.
Cancer is a product of cells replicating out of control because of malfunctioning genes.
Cancer is a progressive disease.
Cancer is a protective lover.
Cancer is a relatively rare problem of guinea pigs.
Cancer is a reportable disease under the Iowa Code.
Cancer is a result of multiple mutations in the DNA of the tumor cells.
Cancer is a scary word for many, but it is BIG business for pharmaceutical companies.
Cancer is a scourge that afflicts hundreds of millions of people.
Cancer is a second important target for germline engineering.
Cancer is a serious affliction.
Cancer is a serious concern for a patient of any age.
Cancer is a serious disease.
Cancer is a serious illness.
Cancer is a sign associated with strong nationalistic tendencies and trends.
Cancer is a silent but deadly disease.
Cancer is a small but important zodiacal constellation.
Cancer is a special case.
Cancer is a species, class, or ordinal character.
Cancer is a speculator - likes to gamble even though they often lose.
Cancer is a state of uncontrolled cell growth.
Cancer is a stealthy killer, a deadly villain with many guises.
Cancer is a stochastic effect.
Cancer is a strong sign, linked to home-making and domesticity.
Cancer is a subject that can make anyone uncomfortable.
Cancer is a symptom of improper diet, lifestyle and toxic exposure.
Cancer is a symptom or expression of abnormal cellular metabolism.
Cancer is a systemic disease that needs to be dealt with in a holistic manner.
Cancer is a term describing a large variety of disorders of proliferation.
Cancer is a territory that no one willingly enters.
Cancer is a thousand diseases.
Cancer is a tough disease.
Cancer is a tough subject.
Cancer is a transformational piano composition to help release pain and anger.
Cancer is a traumatic experience in a family.
Cancer is a tremendously complex disease with factors such as genetics, environment and lifestyle.
Cancer is a tumor, or an overgrowth of abnormal cells.
Cancer is a universal illness, while music transcends national boundaries.
Cancer is a very common disease.
Cancer is a very common problem in the world.
Cancer is a very complex disease characterized by a disruption of normal organized cell growth.
Cancer is a very complex disease, arising from a combination of many different factors.
Cancer is a very complex disease.
Cancer is a very complicated problem, and it requires multiple disciplines.
Cancer is a very complicated subject.
Cancer is a very confusing disease.
Cancer is a very nasty, painful, and horrible way to die.
Cancer is a very powerful word, even for children.
Cancer is a very serious disease that grows exponentially.
Cancer is a very serious disease that grows geometrically.
Cancer is a very serious disease.
Cancer is a very serious subject and effects many people everyday.
Cancer is a very silent enemy.
Cancer is a very soft creature.
Cancer is a very striking example of how unbridled competition with no collaboration works.
Cancer is a vicious killer, but it leaves behind substantial clues that doctors can study.
Cancer is a water sign and their ruling planet is the moon.
Cancer is a water sign known for being loyal.
Cancer is a water sign, and rules the area from the Mississippi River to the East Coast.
Cancer is a water sign, and the psychological opposite is air, the thinking function.
Cancer is a water sign, passive, cardinal and angular.
Cancer is a water sign, thus the involuntary shedding of tears.
Cancer is a water sign.
Cancer is a watery emotional sign highly attuned to security, home and family.
Cancer is a word that is used to describe a group of diseases.
Cancer is a word that strikes fear.
Cancer is about saving someone's life.
Cancer is about the birth of the human soul into physical incarnation.
Cancer is academic journals.
Cancer is actually a group of many related diseases.
Cancer is actually many different diseases with many causes.
Cancer is addressed on another page.
Cancer is affectionate and sentimental, and that makes Virgo feel secure.
Cancer is almost directly overhead right now in the early evening.
Cancer is also a side effect.
Cancer is also due in part to normal aging.
Cancer is also essentially a disease of the whole organism.
Cancer is also good with money and generally takes a long-term view.
Cancer is also more common among senior citizens.
Cancer is also the sign of motherhood.
Cancer is always in the back of their minds.
Cancer is among the leading causes of death worldwide.
Cancer is among the most debilitating of all illnesses.
Cancer is among the three leading causes of death in all age groups, except very young children.
Cancer is an abnormal cell growth and development.
Cancer is an abnormal growth of cells.
Cancer is an abnormal growth of the body's own cells .
Cancer is an abnormal growth that upsets the natural balance.
Cancer is an abnormal growth, caused by underlying disease involving the whole body.
Cancer is an abnormal proliferation of cells that divide uncontrollably.
Cancer is an abnormal, continual multiplying of cells.
Cancer is an abnormal, continuing multiplying of cells.
Cancer is an abnormal, continuous multiplying of cells.
Cancer is an abnormal, uncontrolled growth of cells .
Cancer is an area where it appears to have made a major contribution.
Cancer is an easily definable disease that affects a relatively large segment of the population.
Cancer is an emotional issue.
Cancer is an emotionally devastating disease.
Cancer is an emotive issue.
Cancer is an environmental illness.
Cancer is an equal opportunity employer.
Cancer is an evil, frightening, and threatening disease that is emotionally overwhelming.
Cancer is an example of a conditional mutant condition that depends upon multiple loci.
Cancer is an example of a delayed health effect.
Cancer is an example of a disease that develops years after exposure.
Cancer is an example of a mutation in cells.
Cancer is an extraordinarily complex disease.
Cancer is an extremely complex disease.
Cancer is an extremely traumatic experience.
Cancer is an illness that can be more than a little frightening.
Cancer is an illness that is at least as old as man.
Cancer is an illness that is due to abnormal growth and development of cells.
Cancer is an increasingly prevalent disease.
Cancer is an incredibly complex disease.
Cancer is an incredibly overwhelmingly expensive proposition.
Cancer is an interaction between a carcinogen and protective means mobilized by the organism.
Cancer is an internal pathogen.
Cancer is an intricate riddle.
Cancer is an invasive scourge.
Cancer is an old person s disease.
Cancer is an uncontrolled cell division.
Cancer is an uncontrolled division of abnormal cells.
Cancer is an uncontrolled growth and spread of abnormal cells.
Cancer is an uncontrolled growth of abnormal cells.
Cancer is an uncontrolled growth of cells that can occur in any tissue in the body.
Cancer is an uncontrolled growth of cells that disrupts body tissues and organs.
Cancer is an uncontrolled growth of the cells in any part of the body.
Cancer is an unrestrained growth of cells that destroy normal tissue and body parts in that growth.
Cancer is an unstoppable force.
Cancer is animals.
Cancer is another big killer.
Cancer is another common disease in senior cats.
Cancer is another concern.
Cancer is another disease that demonstrates the danger that mutations can cause to organisms.
Cancer is another leading cause of childhood mortality.
Cancer is another major concern.
Cancer is another major risk of smoking - but the risk drops every year after giving up.
Cancer is another of the major killers in today's society.
Cancer is associated with pearls.
Cancer is bad, but at least there are medicines and treatments to fight it.
Cancer is bad.
Cancer is basically the uncontrolled growth of cells.
Cancer is believed to arise from as a result of DNA damage that is inadequately repaired.
Cancer is believed to be due, in part, to the loss of cell identity and unstable chromosomes.
Cancer is big business.
Cancer is BIG money business to hospitals and treatment centers.
Cancer is blamed for nearly one in four deaths in the state, according to public health statistics.
Cancer is by and large a disease of the elderly.
Cancer is capable of kill.
Cancer is capable of spread.
Cancer is cardinal, which is astro-talk for active and dynamic.
Cancer is characterized by dysregulated cell proliferation.
Cancer is characterized by the loss of control of such cell growth mechanisms.
Cancer is characterized by uncontrolled cell division.
Cancer is characterized by uncontrolled growth of abnormal cells.
Cancer is clonal in nature.
Cancer is common in pet animals such as the dog or cat and the rate increases with age.
Cancer is common in the USA, but in China it is uncommon.
Cancer is commonly a disease of old age.
Cancer is commonly, and often ineffectively, treated with surgery, chemotherapy, and radiation.
Cancer is commonplace.
Cancer is complex, emotional, and scary.
Cancer is complicated.
Cancer is connected with home, family, and parenting.
Cancer is considered a disease of repression, or inhibited passion.
Cancer is considered a genetic disorder.
Cancer is considered to be one of the most important causes of death in older dogs.
Cancer is considered to be the critical effect for ethylene oxide.
Cancer is constellations.
Cancer is cruel.
Cancer is curable now, and so are many other life-threatening illnesses.
Cancer is currently the most common cause of illness and death of the ferret.
Cancer is currently the second leading cause of death in the United States.
Cancer is defined as abnormal cells with uncontrolled cell growth.
Cancer is defined as multiplication of the body cells in an abnormal manner.
Cancer is defined as the uncontrolled growth of abnormal cells derived from normal tissues.
Cancer is definitely strong and protective of turf.
Cancer is diagnosed in the skin more often than anywhere else in the body.
Cancer is difficult to discuss.
Cancer is discussed from emotional as well as spiritual perspectives.
Cancer is discussed in a general sense.
Cancer is discussed in terms of lack of cell death instead of uncontrolled cell division.
Cancer is diseases.
Cancer is due to proliferation of abnormal cells, which develop from body's own cells.
Cancer is epidemic in the United States.
Cancer is essentially a disease of industrialisation.
Cancer is essentially a result of uncontrolled cell division.
Cancer is essentially the loss of normal controls on cell division.
Cancer is excessively sensitive in regards to their emotions.
Cancer is extremely complex and difficult to understand.
Cancer is extremely rare in the hand.
Cancer is far more common in adults than in children.
Cancer is found in lymph node areas on both sides of the diaphragm.
Cancer is found in many lymph nodes under the arm.
Cancer is found in many places in the abdomen.
Cancer is found in only one area or organ outside the lymph nodes and in the lymph nodes around it.
Cancer is found only in the first layer of cells in the lining of the esophagus.
Cancer is found only in the innermost layer of the stomach wall.
Cancer is found only in the top lining of the rectum.
Cancer is found to have started in the chest.
Cancer is found to have started in the digestive tract.
Cancer is frightening.
Cancer is fruitful, moist, watery and feminine.
Cancer is fundamentally a disease of tissue growth regulation.
Cancer is funny.
Cancer is genuine, concerned with others, nurturing and the most helpful.
Cancer is good for the priorities.
Cancer is growth and division of cells that is no longer regulated or well organized.
Cancer is high in the southeast right now in the early evening.
Cancer is home to two open star clusters.
Cancer is huge, of course.
Cancer is illnesses.
Cancer is important, of course, but so are other health problems caused by chemicals.
Cancer is in all four layers of the stomach wall and has spread to nearby tissues.
Cancer is incurable.
Cancer is induced.
Cancer is infinitely easier to prevent than cure.
Cancer is infinitely easier to prevent than to cure.
Cancer is intensely romantic and has a vivid imagination.
Cancer is involved.
Cancer is Japan's leading cause of death.
Cancer is just one of many concerns.
Cancer is just so complex.
Cancer is known as the peacemaker of the zodiac.
Cancer is largely a disease of old age.
Cancer is less mysterious now than it was years ago.
Cancer is life changing.
Cancer is life's cruel common denominator.
Cancer is like most diseases.
Cancer is like that, too.
Cancer is made up of cells that divide rapidly.
Cancer is malignant tumors.
Cancer is mitosis that is no longer properly regulated with respect to starting and stopping.
Cancer is more common in men than in women.
Cancer is more common in older people than in younger people.
Cancer is more common in some parts of the body than others e.g. skin, lung, bowel and breast.
Cancer is more common in the elderly.
Cancer is more common than most people realize.
Cancer is more concerned with expressing emotions than on superficial conversations.
Cancer is more curable when detected early.
Cancer is more likely to come back in a woman treated with cone biopsy .
Cancer is more likely when growth is rapid and size is greater than one inch.
Cancer is most common among older adults.
Cancer is most common in dogs middle-aged and older, but it can occur at any age.
Cancer is most curable when detected at an early stage.
Cancer is most dangerous when it goes to other areas in the body.
Cancer is mostly a preventable disease.
Cancer is much more complex than polio, because polio is a single virus kind of disease.
Cancer is multiple diseases - every tumor is different.
Cancer is neither hereditary nor familial.
Cancer is never easy.
Cancer is no barrier to looks.
Cancer is no different.
Cancer is no doubt the most dreaded of all diseases.
Cancer is no excuse.
Cancer is no longer a black box.
Cancer is no longer a death sentence.
Cancer is no longer an automatic death sentence.
Cancer is no respecter of person.
Cancer is no way to die.
Cancer is nondenominational, nonsectarian and nondescriminatory in any way.
Cancer is nothing but an abnormal multiplication of body cells.
Cancer is now common in developing countries.
Cancer is now the biggest killer on the island after heart disease and stroke.
Cancer is now the number one cause of death in dogs.
Cancer is now the number one disease killer of children from late infancy through early adulthood.
Cancer is now the number one killer in Taiwan, with lung cancer topping the list.
Cancer is now the public's most feared disease.
Cancer is now the second greatest cause of death in the world today.
Cancer is now the second leading cause of childhood death.
Cancer is now the second leading cause of death in Ohio, second only to heart disease.
Cancer is on the increase across America.
Cancer is on the increase in the United States.
Cancer is on the increase.
Cancer is on the loose.
Cancer is one common disease of our day.
Cancer is one consequence of mutations caused by faulty DNA repair systems.
Cancer is one example of a delayed health problem.
Cancer is one example of what happens when cells go their own way at the expense of the body.
Cancer is one of humanity's most feared scourges.
Cancer is one of Ontario s most important health problems.
Cancer is one of our most complex dis-eases.
Cancer is one of the biggest and most researched causes of death in developed countries .
Cancer is one of the biggest and most researched causes of death in developed countries.
Cancer is one of the conditions in which there is a systemic predisposition to venous thrombosis.
Cancer is one of the leading causes of death in dogs and cats today.
Cancer is one of the leading causes of death in modern society.
Cancer is one of the leading causes of death in the United States.
Cancer is one of the major causes of death in pet animals.
Cancer is one of the major diseases that is killing people around the world.
Cancer is one of the major diseases world wide.
Cancer is one of the most common ways the body responds to depression and cries out for help.
Cancer is one of the most dangerous and deadly diseases today.
Cancer is one of the most frightening words in the English language.
Cancer is one of the parental signs.
Cancer is one of the scariest things one can ever face.
Cancer is one of the top four causes of death in Nunavut.
Cancer is one of the toughest that they've been working on.
Cancer is one phenotype of mutagenicity.
Cancer is only in the breast.
Cancer is only one of several diseases of the prostate.
Cancer is only one of the toxic effects of pesticides.
Cancer is only second to heart disease as a leading cause of death in America.
Cancer is only the terminal stage of a long process.
Cancer is opportunistic.
Cancer is our nation's second-leading killer.
Cancer is out of control.
Cancer is partly due to environmental factors, genetics and the normal aging process.
Cancer is people.
Cancer is positive in a grandfather of the pancreas at an elderly age.
Cancer is possibly the most significant health threat in our society today.
Cancer is potentially a life-threatening disease.
Cancer is powerful.
Cancer is predominantly a disease of aging but paradoxically also occurs in young children.
Cancer is primarily a disease of adults.
Cancer is primarily a disease of old age, and it affects men as much as women.
Cancer is primarily a disease of the elderly.
Cancer is probably the most serious skin damage caused by free radicals.
Cancer is proof of what happens when the Darwinian paradigm takes over.
Cancer is quite different.
Cancer is quite rare among the so-called primitive people of the world.
Cancer is rampant.
Cancer is rare in children, more common in middle-aged people and most common in old people.
Cancer is really a blessing.
Cancer is really a collection of many different diseases under a single heading.
Cancer is really a group of diseases.
Cancer is really a number of diseases caused by the abnormal growth of cells.
Cancer is really many diseases.
Cancer is relatively uncommon in younger age group and the risk increases with increasing age.
Cancer is relentless.
Cancer is represented by the color silver.
Cancer is researchable, but only at the level of understanding.
Cancer is ruled by the moon, symbolizing emotion and female energy.
Cancer is ruled by the passionate and sensitive moon.
Cancer is ruthless.
Cancer is scary stuff.
Cancer is scary.
Cancer is second only to heart disease as a cause of death in the United States.
Cancer is second only to heart disease as the leading cause of death in the United States.
Cancer is second only to heart disease as the leading cause of death.
Cancer is sentimental, sensitive, and needs to have a sense of security.
Cancer is serious business and so is a school's reputation.
Cancer is serious business.
Cancer is simply the massive multiplication of 'normal' somatic cells.
Cancer is simply too big for one family's resources, one researcher's ideas, or one person's vision.
Cancer is slightly more frequent in men than women.
Cancer is small and the stars are dim .
Cancer is small and the stars are dim.
Cancer is small-time.
Cancer is so common in family histories.
Cancer is soft, pliant, gentle, and deeply invested in family connections.
Cancer is something many people have to face every day.
Cancer is something that everybody, somewhere along the way, is touched with.
Cancer is something that strikes from without and there is no hope of controlling it.
Cancer is something that touches all of our lives.
Cancer is something which spreads beyond control and devastates everything around it.
Cancer is soothed by walking barefooted by the sea, collecting shells, or sailing.
Cancer is still a great risk for users of smokeless tobacco.
Cancer is still a killer, but research is being done into new treatments.
Cancer is still a major threat in eastern Kentucky as well as the rest of the world.
Cancer is still a riddle.
Cancer is still cancer.
Cancer is still the number one cause of death in people over fifty.
Cancer is still, in many ways, a mysterious enemy.
Cancer is stressful enough without financial worries.
Cancer is such a frightening and complex disease, it's one open for distortion.
Cancer is such a horrible disease.
Cancer is such an inconvenience.
Cancer is symbolized by the crab.
Cancer is systemic disease manifested locally by a tumor.
Cancer is the abnormal growth, reproduction and spread of body cells.
Cancer is the best illustration of an equal opportunity disease.
Cancer is the best sign for love.
Cancer is the body's response to being in a toxic state.
Cancer is the breakdown of cellular messaging and control.
Cancer is the caretaker of the Zodiac.
Cancer is the classic example.
Cancer is the common name for a class of diseases characterized by uncontrolled cell division.
Cancer is the common term for all malignant neoplasms.
Cancer is the condition at issue.
Cancer is the direct invasion of bad cells into normal good cells.
Cancer is the direct result of genetic mutations.
Cancer is the disease that interrupts the normal workings of our meticulously timed bodies.
Cancer is the end result of approximately eight contributing mutations in the tumor cell.
Cancer is the first water sign and the second cardinal one.
Cancer is the greediest of diseases.
Cancer is the home of the moon, and it is the most feminine of the signs.
Cancer is the invading body, the threat, and the mystery.
Cancer is the leader who inspires their neighbors to their own acts of greatness.
Cancer is the leading cause of childhood death by disease.
Cancer is the leading cause of death by disease in children in the United States.
Cancer is the leading cause of death for Vietnamese of both genders in the United States.
Cancer is the leading cause of death in British Columbia.
Cancer is the leading cause of death in dogs and cats.
Cancer is the leading cause of death in dogs.
Cancer is the leading cause of mortality in the USA, next only to cardiovascular diseases.
Cancer is the leading cause of non-accidental death in dogs.
Cancer is the leading disease related cause of death in children after the newborn period.
Cancer is the leading illness related cause of death in children.
Cancer is the leading unaccidental death in cats and dogs.
Cancer is the main killer from radiation 'fallout'.
Cancer is the major cause of disease-related death in children.
Cancer is the major concern from exposure to coke oven emissions.
Cancer is the major concern from exposure to polycyclic organic matter.
Cancer is the major effect of concern from the radionuclides.
Cancer is the maternal body which generates sustenance for the new incarnation.
Cancer is the more familial, sensitized and protective sign within the zodiac.
Cancer is the most aggressive disease of a larger class known as neoplasms.
Cancer is the most common natural cause of death in dogs and cats in the United States.
Cancer is the most common non-accidental cause of death in children.
Cancer is the most curable of all chronic diseases.
Cancer is the most curable of chronic diseases.
Cancer is the most dreaded word Than any other word supposed.
Cancer is the most favoured area for pharmaceutical research and development.
Cancer is the most notable long-term somatic effect.
Cancer is the most sensitive sign of the zodiac.
Cancer is the mothering, sustaining, nurturing sign of the zodiac.
Cancer is the mutation of cells through the process of radiation exposure or genetic makeup.
Cancer is the mythological homemaker.
Cancer is the name given to a group of diseases which start in the cells of the body.
Cancer is the name given to describe a tumour that has become malignant.
Cancer is the number one cause of death by disease for children and adolescents.
Cancer is the number one cause of disease-related death among children.
Cancer is the number one cause of disease-related death of children.
Cancer is the number one disease that kills dogs and cats in the United States.
Cancer is the number one disease threat to child life.
Cancer is the number one killer of city residents, officials say.
Cancer is the number two killer behind heart disease.
Cancer is the number two killer of adults and the leading cause of death from disease in children.
Cancer is the number two killer of American men and women.
Cancer is the nurturer.
Cancer is the only fitting analogy.
Cancer is the primary risk from chronic, long-term exposure to pesticides.
Cancer is the quintessential disease of late capitalism.
Cancer is the rapid and uncontrolled replication of cells, and it can occur in any part of the body.
Cancer is the real thing to fear, to disprove, and to solve eventually.
Cancer is the result of an immune system dysfunction.
Cancer is the result of genetic alterations that lead to the uninterrupted growth of abnormal cells.
Cancer is the result of the abnormal and uncontrolled growth of tissue cells.
Cancer is the result of uninhibited cell division.
Cancer is the result.
Cancer is the same way.
Cancer is the second biggest killer of children in the United States after accidents.
Cancer is the second leading cause of childhood deaths, second only to accidents.
Cancer is the second leading cause of death among adults.
Cancer is the second leading cause of death among women in their reproductive years.
Cancer is the second leading cause of death and fourth leading cause of hospitalization.
Cancer is the second leading cause of death in alcoholics.
Cancer is the second leading cause of death in America.
Cancer is the second leading cause of death in California, accounting for nearly one in four deaths.
Cancer is the second leading cause of death in Canada and around the world.
Cancer is the second leading cause of death in Canada.
Cancer is the second leading cause of death in Georgia, accounting for one in four deaths each year.
Cancer is the second leading cause of death in Georgia.
Cancer is the second leading cause of death in North Dakota and in the United States.
Cancer is the second leading cause of death in our country, exceeded only by heart disease.
Cancer is the second leading cause of death in southeast Michigan.
Cancer is the second leading cause of death in the country, exceeded only by heart disease.
Cancer is the second leading cause of death in the country.
Cancer is the second leading cause of death in the islands.
Cancer is the second leading cause of death in the U.S. behind heart attack.
Cancer is the second leading cause of death in the U.S., exceeded only by heart disease.
Cancer is the second leading cause of death in the United States and Europe.
Cancer is the second leading cause of death in the United States, exceeded only by heart disease.
Cancer is the second leading cause of death in the United States, second only to heart disease.
Cancer is the second leading cause of death in the United States, surpassed only by heart disease.
Cancer is the second leading cause of death in the United States.
Cancer is the second leading cause of death in women.
Cancer is the second leading cause of death.
Cancer is the second leading cause of mortality in developed countries.
Cancer is the second leading cause of mortality in the industrialized world.
Cancer is the second major cause of death.
Cancer is the second most common cause of death in the UK - it causes about a quarter of all deaths.
Cancer is the second most common cause of death in the United States.
Cancer is the second most frequent cause of death among Ohio women.
Cancer is the second-leading cause of death, second only to cardiovascular disease.
Cancer is the sign of emotional sensitivity and sympathy.
Cancer is the sign of emotions and feelings.
Cancer is the sign of family and children.
Cancer is the sign of motherhood.
Cancer is the sign of the crab.
Cancer is the terminal stage.
Cancer is the terrifying beast of nightmares to every patient.
Cancer is the third leading cause of death among men and women of the Bahamas.
Cancer is the third leading cause of death in the United States.
Cancer is the top cause of death for African-American women in their middle years.
Cancer is the top cause of death in Japan, followed by stroke and heart disease.
Cancer is the trusted confidant of someone who has a lot on their mind.
Cancer is the ultimate learning experience.
Cancer is the uncontrolled growth and proliferation of cells.
Cancer is the uncontrolled growth and spread of abnormal cells in the body.
Cancer is the uncontrolled growth of abnormal cells in the body.
Cancer is the uncontrolled growth of cells which results in damage to healthy cells.
Cancer is the uncontrolled growth of cells within the body.
Cancer is the uncontrolled growth of cells.
Cancer is the unrestrained growth of cells that destroy normal tissues and body parts.
Cancer is the worlds mother.
Cancer is their primary concern.
Cancer is there and all of the subsequent fears and realities are just below the surface, rippling.
Cancer is thought to arise in a single cell.
Cancer is thought to be a stochastic effect.
Cancer is thought to be prompted by genetic damage.
Cancer is thought to develop after a cell has accumulated several cancer-causing lesions.
Cancer is too complex a disease to be explained by a single cause.
Cancer is too needy for sagittarius.
Cancer is totally cureable.
Cancer is treatable, and many cancers are curable.
Cancer is treatable.
Cancer is treated virtually the same in animals as it is in people.
Cancer is treated virtually the same way in animals as it is in people.
Cancer is treated with surgery, radiation therapy , and sometimes chemotherapy .
Cancer is treated with surgery, radiation therapy, chemotherapy, hormone therapy or immunotherapy.
Cancer is triggered by changes in the genetic material of cells.
Cancer is typified by unregulated cell signaling causing cell growth.
Cancer is typified by unregulated cell signalling leading to explosive cell growth.
Cancer is uncontrolled cell division and growth.
Cancer is uncontrolled cell division.
Cancer is uncontrolled cell growth.
Cancer is uncontrolled growth of cells.
Cancer is unfair.
Cancer is unregulated cell division.
Cancer is unregulated growth of the cells in the body.
Cancer is usually a matter of life and death - it's worth a few bucks to get the best.
Cancer is usually less painful, studies show, than people expect, but the pain can still be severe.
Cancer is very common, but usually controlled by the human body.
Cancer is very complicated.
Cancer is very humbling.
Cancer is very rare but has occurred.
Cancer is very scary in Jordan.
Cancer is very scary.
Cancer is very sensitive and sometimes psychic.
Cancer is very sentimental about love.
Cancer is very serious and emotionally draining, so getting away for a day of fun is important.
Cancer is viral in nature.
Cancer is what gets the headlines.
Cancer is when mutations cause cells to behave in a selfish manner, much as single cells do.
Cancer is without a doubt one of the most well known and feared diseases on earth.
Cancer is wrong.
Cancer is, after all, a disease of unregulated cell division.
Cancer is, by definition, cells that are growing out of control.
Cancer is, however, more predominant in males.
Cancer isa disease.
Cancer kills by getting in the way of normal bodily processes.
Cancer kills dreams, gives false hope, snuffs it out.
Cancer kills more children age one to fourteen in the U.S. than any other disease.
Cancer kills mostly through blood-borne metastasis.
Cancer kills patients.
Cancer kills primarily when tumors grow so large that they interfere with organ and tissue function.
Cancer kills thousands of women each year.
Cancer knows no age limits and is stealing the lives of our children.
Cancer knows no boundries of good sense.
Cancer knows no socio-economic boundaries and plays no favorites.
Cancer Let .
Cancer likely develops only after a series of different mutations has occurred.
Cancer likely involves multiple gene mutations.
Cancer likes a good home with much affection.
Cancer likes the comforts of home, and enjoys quiet evening in with their lover.
Cancer lives here.
Cancer loves children .
Cancer loves to roam - but needs a home to return to.
Cancer means crab.
Cancer means individual survival or fear of starvation.
Cancer needs a low oxygen acidic pH environment to survive.
Cancer needs a specific environment in which to grow.
Cancer needs to be destroyed.
Cancer never is.
Cancer now can be a disease of the past.
Cancer now strikes one in three people in the United States and kills one in four.
Cancer occurs as a loss of control of cell growth.
Cancer occurs at a young age.
Cancer occurs at all ages, but most often in middle-aged and older people.
Cancer occurs because of mutations in the genes responsible for cell multiplication and repair.
Cancer occurs if the immune system has been compromised.
Cancer occurs in adults.
Cancer occurs in most species of animals and in many kinds of plant, as well as in human beings.
Cancer occurs in most species of animals and in many kinds of plants as well as in human beings.
Cancer occurs in several generations.
Cancer occurs in the human body when cells divide out of control.
Cancer occurs in young adults.
Cancer occurs more often as people grow older.
Cancer occurs primarily in the respiratory tract.
Cancer occurs to a family, regardless of the type of cancer.
Cancer occurs when cell division occurs unnecessarily, without order.
Cancer occurs when cell division runs amok.
Cancer occurs when cell growth becomes uncontrollable and tumors develop.
Cancer occurs when cell growth can no longer be regulated.
Cancer occurs when cells become abnormal and divide and grow without control or order.
Cancer occurs when cells become abnormal and divide without control or order.
Cancer occurs when cells become abnormal, divide and form more cells without control or order.
Cancer occurs when cells begin to divide out of control, which often causes a noticeable lump.
Cancer occurs when cells develop abnormally and grow in an uncontrolled way.
Cancer occurs when cells grow abnormally and keep forming without control or order.
Cancer occurs when cells in the body grow out of control.
Cancer occurs when cells in the body reproduce and divide at an abnormal rate.
Cancer occurs when cells lose the ability to control their own growth.
Cancer occurs when damaged cells multiply uncontrollably and form tumors.
Cancer occurs when some normal cells in the body transform into abnormal or malignant cells.
Cancer occurs when some of the cells start to divide and spread in an uncontrolled manner.
Cancer occurs when the damage causes changes that make the cell grow and divide uncontrollably.
Cancer occurs when the genes that control the healthy division of cells mutate or are damaged.
Cancer occurs when, for unknown reasons, cells become abnormal and divide without control or order.
Cancer occurs when, for unknown reasons, cells divide without control or order.
Cancer originating in the breast can metastasize and infect the skin, bone, lung and liver.
Cancer originating in the epithelial tissue is called a carcinoma.
Cancer places many demands on the normal functioning of the body.
Cancer places people at risk for herpes zoster.
Cancer plays role.
Cancer prefers to be more frugal.
Cancer presents in a specific internal environment which promotes malignant growth.
Cancer presents new challenges to our faith.
Cancer produces great quantities of free radicals.
Cancer progresses because there is a lack of cancer-digesting enzymes in the body.
Cancer progresses because there is lack of cancer-digesting enzymes in the body.
Cancer puts a challenge on any relationship.
Cancer ranks second as a cause of death.
Cancer ranks Three.
Cancer ravages the body of a child, while a hard-drinking chainsmoker lives to a ripe old age.
Cancer redefines everything.
Cancer redefines the meaning of things.
Cancer refers to any type of malignant neoplasm.
Cancer refers to the uncontrolled growth of a specific body tissue.
Cancer releases irritants that lead to the itching.
Cancer remains one of the leading causes of death in the western world.
Cancer remains one of the leading causes of death in the world.
Cancer remains one of the most common causes of death in children and adolescents.
Cancer remains one of the most common causes of death in our society.
Cancer remains the big bad wolf of childhood illnesses.
Cancer represents a challenge because medical knowledge is still unfolding.
Cancer represents a loss of control over the rate of cell division within the cell cycle.
Cancer represents the home, the mother.
Cancer requires a lot of emotional stability.
Cancer requires a specialist .
Cancer requires aggressive treatments.
Cancer requires an accumulation of mutations.
Cancer requires extensive surgery.
Cancer requires surgery.
Cancer requires the ultimate battle.
Cancer requires treatments.
Cancer results from alterations in normal cell behaviors.
Cancer results from an abnormal, rapid growth of cells.
Cancer results from loss of control of division of cells.
Cancer results from mutant genes.
Cancer results from mutation.
Cancer results from smoking, for example, but the disease usually takes years to appear.
Cancer results from too much spontaneity in nature.
Cancer results when a gene mutation occurs that stomps on the accelerator or removes the breaks.
Cancer results when cells divide out of control.
Cancer results when cells divide without restraint.
Cancer reveals the truth, earthly and celestial, as far as our Earth is concerned.
Cancer rising individuals are usually dignified and responsible as children.
Cancer risks greater than one per ten thousand usually trigger actions to lower exposures.
Cancer rules our food supply.
Cancer rules silver, and the ruby as well as the pearl are considered Cancerian birthstones.
Cancer rules the breast, stomach, and the solar plexus.
Cancer rules the breasts and stomach.
Cancer rules the stomach, breasts, body fluids and mucus membranes.
Cancer rules the stomach, diaphragm, upper liver and breasts.
Cancer seems to be motivated by activities that satisfy their moods and emotional needs.
Cancer seems to work like that.
Cancer shows both geographic and temporal variability.
Cancer shows up in new moles when the cells begin to multiply.
Cancer shows very minor symptoms at first.
Cancer spares no one.
Cancer spreads in boy at centre of ethical debate.
Cancer spreads like a mold.
Cancer spreads quietly, but antibiotics also triumph quietly.
Cancer spreads silently in the body.
Cancer spreads to nearby tissue.
Cancer spreads to sites.
Cancer spreads to surround tissue.
Cancer spreads to tissue.
Cancer starting at the head of the pancreas is most likely to cause jaundice.
Cancer starts as a genetic change in one cell.
Cancer starts as systemic disease without clinical manifestations.
Cancer starts in a normal cell when genes have become damaged.
Cancer starts in a single cell which has become abnormal.
Cancer starts in a single cell, when it starts dividing out of control.
Cancer starts in a single, abnormal cell unable to control it's division processes.
Cancer starts when a cell is somehow altered so that it multiplies out of control.
Cancer starts when cells in the body begin to grow out of control.
Cancer starts with a single cell going bad.
Cancer starts with one or a small group of cells that have gone wrong.
Cancer still brings up the image of certain death.
Cancer still has a stigma.
Cancer stirs our deepest fears - death and loss and abandonment.
Cancer stops smoking.
Cancer strikes all ages.
Cancer strikes almost every family.
Cancer strikes one in three people and kills one in four.
Cancer strikes people of all ages but especially middle-aged persons and the elderly.
Cancer survivors their families and friends can participate in celebration of their own triumph.
Cancer takes a long time to develop.
Cancer takes a long time to treat.
Cancer takes a terrible toll on our country.
Cancer takes a tough and tender former cop .
Cancer takes an economic and emotional toll on survivors and their families.
Cancer takes decades to appear.
Cancer takes everything more personally than necessary.
Cancer takes lives every minute of everyday.
Cancer takes the life of a grandparent.
Cancer tends to spread and destroy the healthy tissues and organs of the body.
Cancer tends to spread.
Cancer touches almost everyone.
Cancer touches everyone in some way.
Cancer touches many lives, whether directly or indirectly.
Cancer touches one-third of Florida s population.
Cancer touches so many lives.
Cancer touches virtually every aspect of a survivor's life.
Cancer treatments themselves can cause pain.
Cancer trends Clear information with good graphs and links.
Cancer wants emotional balance and stability.
Cancer wreaks havoc with grandparents' expectations, reversing the natural order of life and death.
Cancers appear to be unaffected.
Cancers appear when more cells proliferate than die in a given tissue.
Cancers are a group of diseases that cause the cells in the body to change and grow out of control.
Cancers are almost always immediately visible and obvious.
Cancers are also reportable.
Cancers are an unfortunate consequence of chronic immunosuppression.
Cancers are caused by a series of mutations.
Cancers are caused by changes in the genome, the epigenome, or both.
Cancers are caused by genetic mutations.
Cancers are caused by imperfect cells.
Cancers are caused by multiple genetic mutations.
Cancers are clones .
Cancers are diseases in which there is a defect in the regulation of the cell cycle.
Cancers are due to changes in a person's genetic material, the genes.
Cancers are due to changes in the genes - changes that usually occur after birth.
Cancers are extraordinarily sensitive, the purist reflective pools of the zodiac.
Cancers are growths of abnormal cells.
Cancers are hard to treat.
Cancers are maternal, domestic and love to nurture others.
Cancers are medical issues of paramount concern and research topics of extraordinary urgency.
Cancers are moody runners.
Cancers are more likely in tissue with higher rates of cell division.
Cancers are most curable when they are localized.
Cancers are much more complicated than infectious illnesses.
Cancers are named after the body organ they grow in, as well as the type of cell.
Cancers are named for the part of the body where they start.
Cancers are new growths of the cells in our bodies.
Cancers are often irregular in shape while benign lesions tend to be round or oval.
Cancers are outstandingly successful in Business, and in buying and selling.
Cancers are possessive, loyal, and extraordinarily well suited for the role they fill.
Cancers are pretty dull lovers.
Cancers are quite common in adults, but normally controlled by our immune systems.
Cancers are sensitive, caring, kind, and have an active mind.
Cancers are uncontrolled growths of abnormal cells.
Cancers are usually quite nostalgic and attached to the past.
Cancers are very emotional.
Cancers arising from the head and neck region commonly are squamous cell carcinomas.
Cancers arising from the testicle are rare.
Cancers become more common as one gets older.
Cancers begin as a primary tumor .
Cancers begin in a single cell, and that cell is the site of the primary cancer.
Cancers can and often do show a very rapid onset of clinical signs.
Cancers can arise in different parts of the body.
Cancers can be benign polyps, which are removed during outpatient surgical procedures.
Cancers can be temperature-dependent.
Cancers can become resistant to chemotherapeutic agents.
Cancers can cause different symptoms in different people because of where they are.
Cancers can develop from any normal part of the body.
Cancers can grow either by an increase in proliferation, a decrease in apoptosis, or both.
Cancers can occur in all older animals.
Cancers can often involve bone marrow and can cause reoccurrence of disease from stem cell infusion.
Cancers can ooze blood as well as fluid.
Cancers can originate in almost any cell of the body.
Cancers can spread rapidly or take years to grow.
Cancers can spread rapidly or take years.
Cancers can spread to different parts of the body.
Cancers can vary widely among types of cancer and among individuals.
Cancers cause problems because they grow and occupy space.
Cancers come in all shapes and forms and can affect all parts of the body.
Cancers consider that their job.
Cancers derive satisfaction from helping others.
Cancers detected by pelvic examination are often far advanced.
Cancers develop because of genetic mutations.
Cancers develop for many reasons, some known, some unknown.
Cancers develop slowly in people.
Cancers develop when cells increasingly ignore or override such signals of chromosome impairment.
Cancers discovered by patients are more likely to be cured.
Cancers dissolve the proteins that hold cells together in order to spread. . . .
Cancers emerge there and the same bacteria is found there in limited numbers.
Cancers exclude leukemia.
Cancers feel most comfortable in a domestic setting.
Cancers form and grow readily.
Cancers form emotional bonds with everything that crosses their paths.
Cancers give new meaning to changeable hair.
Cancers grow at different speeds.
Cancers harm health in a number of ways.
Cancers have a tendency to spread to other tissues and organs.
Cancers have a very high investment in family values and an appreciation of their historic roots.
Cancers have latencies of decades for many adult cancers.
Cancers have much emotional sensitivity.
Cancers have the worst vascular appearance of all the changes that can occur on the cervix.
Cancers live for their homes and families.
Cancers live in their feelings .
Cancers love food, children.
Cancers love home and family life.
Cancers love much too much to be considered sane.
Cancers make good pimps or piano players in brothels.
Cancers munch peculiar meals before races.
Cancers occur when signaling pathways are perturbed.
Cancers overproduce their own angiogenic agents.
Cancers require energy to grow and rob the body of the energy it needs for normal function.
Cancers result from accumulated mutations within tissues.
Cancers result when key control genes are hit.
Cancers result when the normal, orderly pattern of growth of individual cells goes haywire.
Cancers seem to grow slower, the older one becomes.
Cancers spontaneously remit all the time.
Cancers start when one cell begins to grow and divide, rapidly and out of control.
Cancers take a long time to grow big enough to cause symptoms or be seen on a scan.
Cancers take years to grow to the point where they are detectable.
Cancers tend to grow quickly, but unfortunately, so do cells in bone marrow, gut and other areas.
Cancers tend to metastasize to specific organs or sites in the body.
Cancers think they're nice, but everyone else knows they're control freaks.
Cancers thrive on the romantic give and take and are intelligent conversationalists.
Cancers typically have irregular shapes and grow without pain.
Cancers always start small.
Cancer often arises in areas that have been inflamed for long periods.
Cancer often causes lower hemoglobin readings.
Cancer often gives children or teens their first glimpse of the medical world.
Cancer often introduces a level of absurdity into people's lives.
Cancer often leaves one feeling powerless.
Cancer often means death.
Cancer often results in one extreme or the other, at least for a time.
Cancer often results, and the effects can even include genetic damage.
Cancer often results.
Cancer often takes a long time to develop.
Cancer often takes many years to develop.
Cancers often form lumps or sores that can be felt or seen.
Cancers sometimes develop increased vascularity which yields a net increase in absorption.
Cancers usually complain a lot and leave practice early, to the relief of others.
Cancers usually feel quite hard.
All cancer is genetic, in that it is triggered by altered genes.
All cancer is genetic.
All cancer is screwed up genes.
All cancer origins, all sites of cancers and prion diseases are proteins gone awry.
All cancers are different and all people are different.
All cancers are due to accumulated mutations that affect genes controlling cell division.
All cancers are due to changes in genes.
All cancers are due to changes in the genes.
All cancers are the second most common cause of death.
All cancers begin in cells, which are the fundamental unit of life.
All cancers begin when one or more genes in a cell are mutated, or changed.
All cancers caused by smoking are preventable.
All cancers develop because of genetic mutations.
All cancers occur as a result of damage or changes in the genes of a cell.
All cancers start at the bowel wall.
All cancers start out as a single cell that had been a loyal citizen of the republic.
Every cancer begins with one cell.
Every cancer can probably benefit from more research dollars.
Every cancer initially arises from somewhere.
Every cancer is different with respect to the speed with which it grows and spreads.
Every cancer is different, every patient is different, and every family's history is different.
Every cancer is different.
Many cancer depend on the growth of blood vessels to transport the disease.
Many cancers are a case of signal transduction gone wrong.
Many cancers are curable if detected early through routinely available screening tests.
Many cancers are diseases of prevention.
Many cancers are now completely curable.
Many cancers are preventable.
Many cancers are symptom-free in their early to mid stages.
Many cancers are treatable if detected early.
Many cancers can cause anemia, but bowel cancers most commonly cause iron deficiency anemia.
Many cancers can cause immunodeficiency.
Many cancers can develop and grow without producing symptoms, especially in the early stages.
Many cancers cause a severe loss of weight in the person affected.
Many cancers form where there are few cilia, emphasizing their importance.
Many cancers have characteristic molecules or tumor antigens on their surface.
Many cancers occur in tissues, which have undergone an abnormal change.
Many cancers predominantly occur in one sex for no apparent reason.
Many cancers produce too much growth factor.
Many cancers require aggressive conventional therapies.
Many cancers respond best to treatment when they are detected early.
Many cancers still defy treatment.
More cancers occur on the skin than any other anatomic site.
Most cancer affects ability.
Most cancer affects adults.
Most cancer happens by chance or is caused by an environmental factor such as tobacco smoke.
Most cancer has characteristics.
Most cancer has components.
Most cancer has distinct characteristics.
Most cancer has potential.
Most cancer has several characteristics.
Most cancer has several distinct characteristics.
Most cancer is man-caused.
Most cancer is sporadic, due to somatic mutation.
Most cancer occurs as an acquired process.
Most cancer occurs in adults.
Most cancer occurs in young adults.
Most cancer requires aggressive treatments.
Most cancer requires extensive surgery.
Most cancer requires surgery.
Most cancer requires treatments.
Most cancer spreads to nearby tissue.
Most cancer spreads to sites.
Most cancer spreads to surround tissue.
Most cancer spreads to tissue.
Most cancers affect adults in their middle years or older, but anyone can get cancer.
Most cancers appear as single, hard, painless lumps.
Most cancers are believed to arise through a process called multistep carcinogenesis.
Most cancers are carcinomas or adenocarcinomas.
Most cancers are carcinomas.
Most cancers are caused by viruses.
Most cancers are controllable with the correct treatment.
Most cancers are curable by surgery, and a few others by chemotherapy or radiation.
Most cancers are down.
Most cancers are due to an accumulation of damage to the DNA in our cells.
Most cancers are methionine-dependent.
Most cancers are multifactorial, meaning they are due to both hereditary and environmental factors.
Most cancers are named after the organ or type of cell in which they originate.
Most cancers are of monoclonal origin, that is, they originate from damage to a single cell.
Most cancers are reason for deferment.
Most cancers are treatable and research is constantly improving treatment of all cancers.
Most cancers are treatable at the time they are discovered.
Most cancers are treatable, and research is constantly improving treatment of all cancers.
Most Cancers are very frigid.
Most cancers are visible on examination and can be biopsied as soon as they are seen.
Most cancers arise from the accumulated damage done by years of exposure to external toxins.
Most cancers become visible on mammograms only after they have been present for several years.
Most cancers begin in that part of the prostate easily accessed by way of a digital rectal exam.
Most cancers begin with a primary tumor that can later metastasize to other parts of the body.
Most cancers caused by cigarette smoke are at increased rates among regular cigar smokers as well.
Most cancers develop slowly from a complex sequence of events.
Most cancers have a diversity of grades.
Most cancers have a unique pattern of spread which is discussed in each individual cancer.
Most cancers involve pancreatic enzyme deficiency and liver congestion and malfuction.
Most cancers occur by chance, as the result of damage to our genes.
Most cancers occur on areas that are exposed to the sun.
Most cancers occur sporadically.
Most cancers originate from damage to a single cell.
Most cancers originate in the head of the pancreas, which the common bile duct runs through.
Most cancers result from environmental factors and thus can be prevented.
Most cancers result from low level exposures in genetically susceptible individuals.
Most cancers result from multiple defeects in cell-cycle regulation.
Most cancers start as non-cancerous growths called polyps.
Some cancer affects glands.
Some cancer affects mammary glands.
Some cancer affects men.
Some cancer affects ovaries.
Some cancer causes microbes.
Some cancer causing agents react together to significantly worsen the risk of developing cancer.
Some cancer comes from animals.
Some cancer has chances.
Some cancer is caused by exposure.
Some cancer is caused by growth.
Some cancer is caused by light.
Some cancer is caused by secondhand smoke.
Some cancer is caused by smoke.
Some cancer is caused by ultraviolet light.
Some cancer kills brothers.
Some cancer kills plants.
Some cancer kills women.
Some cancer leads to cancer.
Some cancer occurs in breasts.
Some cancer occurs in colons.
Some cancer occurs in stomachs.
Some cancer occurs in women.
Some cancer spreads to bones.
Some cancer spreads to brains.
Some cancer spreads to livers.
Some cancer spreads to lungs.
Some cancer spreads to regions.
Some cancer spreads to spines.
Some cancers also have special grading systems.
Some cancers appear to be incurable but a lucky few still survive.
Some cancers are clearly easier for individuals to detect, through touch or vision.
Some cancers are dependent on certain hormones for their growth, i.e., breast and prostate cancers .
Some cancers are easily curable.
Some cancers are easily cured, others are more difficult to treat.
Some cancers are fatal.
Some cancers are hereditary.
Some cancers are hormone dependent.
Some cancers are more common in aging skin.
Some cancers are more common in certain populations than others.
Some cancers are now more aggressive and progress faster.
Some cancers are particular to men and women.
Some cancers are preventable and treatable.
Some cancers are resistant to drugs, however.
Some cancers are sexually transmitted diseases.
Some cancers are worse than others.
Some cancers being found are incidental to the tests.
Some cancers can also have neutral or primary resistance to certain anticancer drugs.
Some cancers can cause a buildup of fluid within the chest or abdomen .
Some cancers can resemble cysts when they occur on the feet, as well.
Some cancers cause no physical pain at all.
Some cancers claim more than that.
Some cancers contain calcium.
Some cancers depend upon sex hormones.
Some cancers disrupt the body's functions with the production of hormonelike substances.
Some cancers do recur, most often within five years of the original diagnosis.
Some cancers do strike mainly young people.
Some cancers exist quietly within the body for years without causing a problem.
Some cancers form solid growths called tumors.
Some cancers go into remission and reappear later.
Some cancers grow and spread rapidly, quickly leading to death.
Some cancers grow more slowly than others, but can be very different from one person to the next.
Some cancers grow very fast.
Some cancers grow very quickly, while others progress over a number of years.
Some cancers have a negative estrogen receptor status.
Some cancers have higher incidences of recurrence.
Some cancers occur because a growth factor is produced erratically.
Some cancers resist treatment with standard doses of chemotherapy or radiation.
Some cancers respond to treatment with hormones.
Some cancers respond very well to radiation, so radiation is given to the whole body.
Some cancers respond very well to radiation.
Some cancers respond well and are curable, even if there are multiple metastases.
Some cancers respond well to chemotherapy.
Some cancers result from uncorrected gene mutations, some of which are inherited.
Some cancers run in families.
Some cancers tend to involve the entire body or system from the start.
Cancerian dogs are the most sensitive of all the zodiac signs and are likely to be very moody.
Cancerian men are sensible, romantic and protective, but they are misery and capricious as well.
Cancerian people live in their feelings and affections.
Cancerian women are among the most refined, sensual and dreaming.
Cancerian women are very romantic and sentimental.
Cancerous cells are more active and reproduce at an abnormally high rate.
Cancerous cells can enter the lymphatic system and move around the body, infecting other organs.
Cancerous cells can invade the spinal cord, the brain and other organs.
Cancerous cells contain more protein than normal cells.
Cancerous cells crowd out the normal cells in the bone marrow.
Cancerous cells demonstrate invasion of surrounding tissues.
Cancerous cells depend on the rapid growth of new blood vessels to grow.
Cancerous cells feed on animal protein, which triggers the abnormal proliferation of cells.
Cancerous cells grow out of control and take over the normal functions of the body.
Cancerous cells interfere with the growth and functions of normal cells.
Cancerous cells lose that differentiation.
Cancerous cells produce telomerase naturally and proliferate without limit.
Cancerous cells replace normal white blood cells known as lymphocytes.
Cancerous cells thrive on animal protein and fat whereas body cells thrive on complex carbohydrates.
Some cancerous cells move and attack other parts of the body.
Cancerous changes can take place when mutation leads to failure of maturation of the lymphoid cells.
Cancerous diseases bloom.
Cancerous growth is bad.
Cancerous legs can be a chronic source of pain, sometimes causing dogs to drag or gnaw at the leg.
Cancerous lumps are usually hard and fixed.
Cancerous polyps do bleed intermittently.
Cancerous tissue is destroyed by the applications of intensely cold liquid nitrogen.
Cancerous tissue is different from the surrounding breast tissue.
Cancerous tumors are one of the least common types removed in adolescents.
Cancerous tumors can grow quickly and spread to other organs.
Cancerous tumors cause death.
Cancerous tumors grow and feed themselves by angiogenesis.
Cancerous tumors grow in the region where they start and then invade the surrounding tissue.
Cancerous tumors invade and damage surrounding healthy tissue.
Cancerous tumors invade and destroy surrounding tissue and can spread to other areas of the body.
Cancerous tumors invade and destroy surrounding tissue.
Cancerous tumors require a network of blood vessels to survive and grow.
Cancerous tumors tend to grow fast and feel hard.
A candela is a light unit
Candela develops, manufactures and distributes cosmetic laser and cryosurgical systems.
Candela is an expensive bar with live music, linen tablecloths and a dance floor.
Candela seems to have a tough time holding on to talent.
Candelas are measured using green light , which human eyes are very sensitive to .
Candelas are measured using green light, which human eyes are very sensitive to.
A candelabra is a holder
Candelabra branching gives it a super bud count.
Candelabra decorating rates include metal candles or votive candles.
Candelabra designs for the altar.
Candelabras are a nice touch.
Candelabras are located in tables.
Candelabras have working lights.
Candid candidates agree.
Candid discussion is important particularly when a teen suicide has occurred in a community.
Candid discussion is inhibited.
Candid formulation adds to the value of conjectures.
Candid photos are often the best and funniest.
Candid photos are usually better.
Candid shots are acceptable as long as the candidate is recognizable.
Candid shots are fine, as long as the facial image is clear.
Candid shots are often best.
Candid shots can be fun to take and share with friends and relatives.
Candid shots can be good, too.
Candid shots look more relaxed.
Candid shots show physicians chatting, cigarettes pinched between their fingers.
Candid shots show the hardships of camp life, soldiers in uniform, and military leaders at work.
Candid shots show the true personality.
Candid talk provides the pure, unvarnished truth.
Some candid youths learn by straight enquiry or experimental jokes.
Candida cystitis is treated via bladder irrigation.
Candida diets allow food.
Candida diets contain enough nutrients.
Candida diets contain nutrients.
Most candida diets allow food.
Most candida diets contain enough nutrients.
Most candida diets contain nutrients.
Candida disease can develop in different areas of the body.
Candida esophagitis is a yeast infection of the lining of the esophagus.
Candida infection can show up as thrush in the mouth, or vaginal candidiasis.
Candida infection is associated with abscess formation, granulocytic vasculitis and meningitis.
Candida infection is especially common among people who are obese or who have diabetes .
Candida infections can also occur in the gastrointestinal tract as well.
Some candida infection leads to fatigue.
Candida organisms are common on mucosal surfaces and skin.
Candida overgrowth can be difficult for a physician to diagnosis.
Candida overgrowth can cause severe constipation.
Candida overgrowth can further contribute to gluten sensitivity.
Candida overgrowth is stimulated by feeding the yeast or fungus.
Candida overgrowth is the result of damaged intestinal flora, mainly in the colon.
Candida overgrowth starts in the gut and can quickly run rampant throughout the entire body.
Candida saliva tests provide insight.
Candida species adhere to the denture surface and infect the area.
Candida species are excluded from coverage, having been the subject of numerous recent reviews.
Candida species are frequent causes of hospital acquired infection.
Candida species are the most common cause of opportunistic fungal infection worldwide.
Candida species are the primary cause of opportunistic yeast infections.
Candida species is now the fourth leading cause of nosocomial bloodstream infections.
Candida vaginitis has itching and a thick white discharge.
Candida vaginitis is a common sequela.
Candida vaginitis is confirmed by examining the vaginal discharge under a microscope.
Candida yeasts are extremely common in the environment and on all mucous membrane and skin surfaces.
Some candida yeast causes infection.
A candida is a fungus
Candida has no known benefits, but in small amounts it is harmless.
Candida has the ability to change from a yeast and become a fungus.
Candida has the looks of white in color.
Candida is normally present in the digestive tract and the vagina.
Candida isa fungus.
Candida tropicalis vertebral osteomyelitis and discitis.
Candidas are funguses.
Candidas are part of the normal flora of gastrointestinal tract, vagina and oral cavity of human.
Candidas follow protocols.
Candidas have (part) cell membranes.
Candidas have (part) cells.
Candidas have (part) corpi.
Candidas have (part) cytoplasm.
Candidas have (part) hyphae.
Candidas have (part) myceliums.
Candidas have (part) nuclei.
Candidas have (part) plasma membranes.
Candidas have (part) sections.
Candidas have (part) vacuoles.
Candidas thrive in acidic environments.
Candidas thrive in environments.
Most candidas thrive in acidic environments.
Most candidas thrive in environments.
Some candidas cause damage.
Some candidas cause infection.
Some candidas cause vaginal infection.
Some candidas cause vaginal yeast infection.
Some candidas cause yeast infection.
Some candidas grow hyphae.
Some candidas grow under aerobic conditions.
Some candidas grow under conditions.
Some candidas interfere with digestion.
Some candidas produce alcohol.
A candidacy is a cause
Candidacy allows for a program to be visited during the final semester of candidacy.
Candidacy consists of a formal review of the student's work by their full thesis committee.
Candidacy ends automatically at the end of six years.
Candidacy ends three months after arrival date.
Candidacy indicates that an institution is progressing toward accreditation.
Candidacy is a five-year process.
Candidacy is a requirement for assistantship eligibility.
Candidacy is an indication that the institution is progressing toward accreditation.
Candidacy is an official status.
Candidacy is another step in the continuing assessment process.
Candidacy is approved pending confirmation of good academic standing.
Candidacy is awarded for five years.
Candidacy is awarded upon completion.
Candidacy is based on completion of all admission requirements.
Candidacy is certification that all requirements have been met except the dissertation.
Candidacy is decided on a case by case basis.
Candidacy is granted after a successful examination.
Candidacy is granted after an oral examination conducted by the graduate faculty.
Candidacy is granted when all admissions requirements are met, and all prerequisites are satisfied.
Candidacy is obtained upon the successful completion of the qualifying examination.
Candidacy is official when a filing fee is paid or a selection is made in a convention.
Candidacy is open to U.S. citizens and students matriculated at a U.S. university.
Candidacy is open to U.S. citizens and students matriculated at U.S. institutions.
Candidacy is renewed for two years.
Candidacy is the third stage.
Candidacy is valid for five years unless terminated for unsatisfactory progress.
Candidacy is valid for five years.
Candidacy lasts from one to two years.
Candidacy marks a midpoint in the course of graduate education.
Candidacy requires a combination of experience and formal training in an approved course of study.
Candidacy starts with a retreat.
Candidal diseases are much more difficult to control than bad breath.
Candidal diseases are serious and more difficult to control than bad breath.
Candidal esophagitis occurs when the organism spreads from the mouth down the esophagus.
Candidal infections are primarily opportunistic infections.
Many candidal infections are apparent from the symptoms alone.
Candidal paronychia begins around the nail as a painful red swelling that later develops pus.
Candidal paronychia is treated by protecting the area from wetness.
Candidate compounds have potential.
Candidate selection continues until all data is accounted for.
Candidate selection is a very time and labor intensive.
Candidate selection is determined without regard to ethnic background.
Candidate selection is entirely a local matter.
Candidate selection is held each semester of the academic year.
Candidate selection is held in the early fall for winter elections.
Candidate selection is made by respective supervision.
Candidate selection is very competitive.
All candidate selections are final.
A candidate is a politician
Candidate appearing for above examination can also apply.
Candidate applies knowledge to practice situations and anticipates potential drug-related problems.
Candidate applies to the program.
Candidate blocks with mismatches less than the threshold are signed with identical watermarks.
Candidate campaigns to win delegate support.
Candidate completes acceptable dissertation.
Candidate diagnoses, such as congestive heart failure and general septicemia.
Candidate help page.
Candidate isa leader.
Candidate listens well, maintains eye contact and can be easily understood.
Candidate obtains a formal disciplinary record.
Candidate participates as part of a four person team.
Candidate places fan in marked box on ground.
Candidate possess good communication skills.
Candidate prepares paper stock for use on the press.
Candidate responses to key questions are available online.
Candidate resume postings.
Candidate resumes on interactive CD-ROM and web site within two weeks after the fair.
Candidate running for office seek endorsements to add credibility to their campaign.
Candidate schedules observation of teaching.
Candidate smiles apologetically.
Candidate steps out of invisible box and bows.
Candidate submits copies of documents to verify highest degrees.
Candidate submits self evaluation and supporting documentation to review initiator.
Candidate turns down a job offer.
Candidate views on nearly every issue imaginable - very easy to navigate and understand.
Candidate waits outside and wears white veil or hood.
Candidates abound for local school boards, the judiciary and community district seats.
Candidates actually tour and supervise other divers under the direction of an instructor.
Candidates address a broad range of issues and engage in an on-going interactive public debate.
Candidates adhering to voluntary spending limit get equivalent of opponent's est.
Candidates agree the process is rigorous and time consuming.
Candidates also attain greater proficiency in teaching and supervision.
Candidates also can expect hiring bonuses and often, retention bonuses.
Candidates also choose either one or two genre papers from tragedy, comedy, satire and pastoral.
Candidates also choose two minors from sociology or related fields.
Candidates also complete six hours of elective coursework and six hours of thesis work.
Candidates also give a seminar presentation and are examined orally.
Candidates also have a responsibility to maintain regular contact with their supervisors.
Candidates also have opportunities to work with adults and students with exceptionalities.
Candidates also have the opportunity to see the workshops and meet the students.
Candidates also have the option of being employed or working as an independent contractor.
Candidates also have to show they have what it takes to work as contemporary circus performers.
Candidates also have to submit a full academic record for selection.
Candidates also learn how to modify courses and accommodate participants with special needs.
Candidates also learn the role of both standardization and informal assessments.
Candidates also obtain overseas positions through our year-round search service.
Candidates also participate in a simulation exercise and a selection board interview.
Candidates also participate in open forums.
Candidates also perceive the test as fairer because it is so obviously job relevant.
Candidates also receive training in land and sea survival training, scuba diving, and space suits.
Candidates also require an ability and desire to work extremely hard.
Candidates also respond differently.
Candidates also study behaviorist and cognitive learning theories.
Candidates also take a written and an oral test.
Candidates also take fitting measurements such as seg.
Candidates also take one from a choice of up to eight Special Subjects.
Candidates also undertake a seminar program.
Candidates also use policy differences when competing for votes.
Candidates also use polls to see how their advertisements are working.
Candidates also utilize faculty and student research while pursuing a course of rigorous study.
Candidates also write a thesis, based on an independent research project.
Candidates answer a question about ethics.
Candidates answer question about traffic.
Candidates answer specific questions.
Candidates answer the questions verbally.
Candidates answer two more questions.
Candidates appearing in their final examination can also apply provisionally.
Candidates apply and go through an interview process before being selected.
Candidates apply by audition.
Candidates apply directly to the departments on the list.
Candidates apply directly to the host institutions.
Candidates apply directly.
Candidates apply for admission indicating their reasons for wanting to participate.
Candidates apply for member status using an application form.
Candidates apply for positions using the recruiting site's online application system.
Candidates apply to and orient in a specific health care setting.
Candidates apply, with a faculty sponsor, to a faculty-student committee which makes the awards.
Candidates appreciate that.
Candidates are able to browse for job opportunities by keyword, by location, and by company.
Candidates are able to decline nomination.
Candidates are able to identify the testing times convenient to their schedules.
Candidates are able to identify, recruit and train lay volunteers for youth ministry.
Candidates are able to register with their preferred or most convenient testing center.
Candidates are able to take the A.R.E. in any order and on any day they wish.
Candidates are able to work at their own pace within the allotted testing time.
Candidates are accountable only at election time.
Candidates are added immediately upon receipt of their information, so please check back often.
Candidates are admitted to the test facility on a first come, first serve basis.
Candidates are also able to apply for compensated employment as aides in the school.
Candidates are also able to conduct formalized assessment to determine current level of functioning.
Candidates are also able to enroll resumes for companies to access online.
Candidates are also eligible for matches at the prenomination stage of the election.
Candidates are also eligible to run for more than one office.
Candidates are also subject to a thorough background check.
Candidates are also video taped for later review.
Candidates are also welcome to call to check on the status of their applications.
Candidates are also welcome to stop by and participate in the program.
Candidates are an unusual breed of advertiser.
Candidates are as interested in the organization's culture as they are in salary.
Candidates are as likely to tout their parents and grandparents as their stand on the issues.
Candidates are available for recruiting throughout the year.
Candidates are aware of the links between language and culture.
Candidates are aware of the potential power of television and try to use it to their advantage.
Candidates are beholden first and last to the taxpayers.
Candidates are beholden first and last to the voters and the taxpayers.
Candidates are boys with special qualities.
Candidates are busy wooing voters.
Candidates are choice young men.
Candidates are commonly assigned numbers.
Candidates are due to be proposed for inclusion next year.
Candidates are eligible for equity participation after twelve months if performance targets are met.
Candidates are eligible for induction five years after their graduation date.
Candidates are eligible to run for two offices, but are required to specify which one is preferred.
Candidates are e-mailed a job and company description.
Candidates are encourage to include issue-oriented statements in their campaign materials.
Candidates are entirely responsible for all their own costs and expenses.
Candidates are even less likely to ignore coalitions that reach across an entire state.
Candidates are excited about their prospects in the upcoming election.
Candidates are free to ask questions.
Candidates are free to call our present or past interns to inquire about their training experiences.
Candidates are free to choose any four papers.
Candidates are free to consult reference books of their choice.
Candidates are free to inquire as to their status and to ask questions at any time.
Candidates are free to leave once their interview is complete.
Candidates are free to use campaign money for a multitude of purposes.
Candidates are frequently young fathers and mothers, and spend hundreds of hours studying.
Candidates are further compared and evaluated.
Candidates are graduate level and have some knowledge of film.
Candidates are happier when they are reviewing areas that they know well.
Candidates are in a code range.
Candidates are in a style other than the ones in the following list.
Candidates are in charge and have the final say in all decisions.
Candidates are in charge.
Candidates are in demand.
Candidates are in high demand at all levels.
Candidates are in the limelight everywhere, and politics is center stage in the media.
Candidates are in the same meaning.
Candidates are in the same number of strokes.
Candidates are in the same reading.
Candidates are increasingly likely to be elected by smaller and smaller pluralities.
Candidates are interested in votes.
Candidates are interested in working with a diverse client base and exciting projects.
Candidates are leaders in their community, state or the nation.
Candidates are less constrained by strategic factors in the first round vote.
Candidates are likely to be educated to degree level.
Candidates are likely to be interviewed in person at in-country training sites or by telephone.
Candidates are likely to include the courier companies.
Candidates are likely to meet competition from well-qualified applicants with great experience.
Candidates are limited to no more than three letters.
Candidates are limited to submit only a brief statement of qualifications.
Candidates are limited to three attempts to successfully complete the examination.
Candidates are meticulous in the public image they present, on the web or in front of a camera.
Candidates are more than their resumes or profiles.
Candidates are normally graduates with a good honours degree or equivalent.
Candidates are normally resident in South Africa.
Candidates are on our payroll for an agreed-upon period of time.
Candidates are on the roadsides holding campaign signs.
Candidates are ordinar y people.
Candidates are organized by skills and desires, resumes are searchable by keywords.
Candidates are people.
Candidates are permitted to use calculators in all assessments.
Candidates are personally responsible for where and how their campaign materials are affixed.
Candidates are plentiful, which is good news for small, home-based businesses.
Candidates are prepared for advanced leadership in their professional practice.
Candidates are pre-qualified.
Candidates are pretty savvy and shop around to find what courses they can get waived.
Candidates are reflective about their own English language teaching instructional practices.
Candidates are require to appear in a written test which is for three hours.
Candidates are responsible for all material presented in texts, handouts, and resource manuals.
Candidates are responsible for ALL material presented in their plan of study.
Candidates are responsible for all travel expenses involved with interviewing.
Candidates are responsible for allocating their time.
Candidates are responsible for assembling their own documentation.
Candidates are responsible for ensuring that all application materials are received promptly.
Candidates are responsible for funding the rest of their tuition fees and living expenses.
Candidates are responsible for knowing how to operate all equipment brought to the site.
Candidates are responsible for making arrangements for car pooling to the site school.
Candidates are responsible for notifying an organization of their acceptance or rejection of offers.
Candidates are responsible for only the excerpted material.
Candidates are responsible for preparation prior to the session.
Candidates are responsible for producing their own transcripts without assistance.
Candidates are responsible for protecting the integrity of their answers.
Candidates are responsible for providing their own typewriters or computers.
Candidates are responsible for reapplying at the expiration of their eligibility.
Candidates are responsible for researching potential employers.
Candidates are responsible for submitting complete applications.
Candidates are responsible for the accuracy of their statements.
Candidates are responsible for the completion of their applications.
Candidates are responsible for the locations of their posters.
Candidates are responsible for their own material.
Candidates are responsible for their own travel and accommodation arrangements.
Candidates are responsible for their own travel, hotel accommodations, and expenses.
Candidates are responsible for their travel and accommodation expenses to the presentation.
Candidates are responsible for verifying that the score reports reach the correct score recipients.
Candidates are responsible only for the sections of the law as stated.
Candidates are senior level multi-cultural executives.
Candidates are so contrived.
Candidates are still well-advised to keep an eye on developments.
Candidates are subject to a background investigation.
Candidates are subject to a polygraph examination.
Candidates are subject to satisfactory references.
Candidates are substantially equal unless one candidate can be demonstrated to be superior.
Candidates are sure to take notice and begin to listen to Muslim concerns.
Candidates are the ones who pay the costs.
Candidates are the ones with big heads.
Candidates are the ranked in a top ten, and second ten list.
Candidates are the very worst people to ask.
Candidates are theologically and programmatically able to incorporate youth in worship.
Candidates are to answer any two of the following three questions.
Candidates are to attend all class sessions.
Candidates are to be listed in alphabetical order.
Candidates are to be nominated by the membership body and elected by a majority vote.
Candidates are to be nominated by their department chair.
Candidates are to carefully follow any special instructions furnished by the employers.
Candidates are to commit to a three year course of study.
Candidates are to declare income, property, and criminal convictions if existing.
Candidates are to follow the weekly sequence.
Candidates are to keep a log of activities and reflections of their experiences.
Candidates are to note all in-kind contributions as a contribution and as an expenditure.
Candidates are to propose the course or courses for approval.
Candidates are to provide their own accompanists.
Candidates are to put caps on as they rise.
Candidates are to put on caps as they rise.
Candidates are typically self-nominated.
Candidates are unable to determine the basic issues troubling voters.
Candidates are unchosen.
Candidates are united on recruiting more industry to help the town become prosperous.
Candidates are users who input qualifications to seek employment through our services.
Candidates are usually current or previous federal employees with reinstatement eligibility .
Candidates are usually glad to have energetic volunteers.
Candidates are usually scholars of humanities and social sciences.
Candidates are usually two years of age or older.
Candidates are usually university graduates or qualified teachers.
Candidates are very approachable as they seek to build their support.
Candidates are very well prepared.
Candidates are welcome to advertise.
Candidates are welcome to directly contact either sponsor.
Candidates are welcome to propose additional projects.
Candidates are welcome to submit applications for consideration for fall enrollment.
Candidates are welcome to visit the college.
Candidates are willing to relocate.
Candidates arrange for and pay the cost of their personal psychoanalysis.
Candidates ascend the ramp in order and wait at the top until their name is read.
Candidates ascend the steps in order and wait on the top step until their name is read.
Candidates assemble campaign teams which work vigorously to become next years new leaders.
Candidates assemble naked, in midwinter, at night, on a frozen Himalayan lake.
Candidates assist families in learning about their new school and community.
Candidates assume the responsibility of consulting with their respective state agencies.
Candidates attend classes in psychoanalytic theory and technique.
Candidates avail themselves of professional growth opportunities.
Candidates average five years to complete the part-time program.
Candidates avoid talking about the tough ones unless they're cornered.
Candidates become important members of community.
Candidates become initially qualified for on-campus interviews by a computer matching system.
Candidates become members when inducted at a special ceremony.
Candidates become members when introduced at a special year-end ceremony.
Candidates begin the program in the fall with two semesters in the business school.
Candidates begin working in the schools during their first semester of coursework.
Candidates benefit from our thorough knowledge of technology companies and available positions.
Candidates benefit from the experience they receive by going through the center.
Candidates call themselves the candidates of hope.
Candidates campaign in big swing states and ignore safe, small ones.
Candidates campaign throughout the country in an attempt to win the support of voters.
Candidates can access a company profile or corporate web site directly by clicking on the posting.
Candidates can access their testing history.
Candidates can afford to run a clean race because often there is no race.
Candidates can also add a short sentence to clarify their stance on a particular issue.
Candidates can also apply for federal and provinvial graduate scholarship.
Candidates can also apply for jobs online.
Candidates can also be self-nominated when a teacher has an exciting project to share.
Candidates can also choose to take the test at a different level for each skill.
Candidates can also expect to interview with members of the firm s hiring committee.
Candidates can also post resumes online.
Candidates can also put a request on web pages where they can gain volunteers for their campaign.
Candidates can also receive e-mails of jobs posted that match their job requirements.
Candidates can also register online, without charge, to offer their services as potential nonexecs.
Candidates can also search jobs by industry, location and salary.
Candidates can appear for the interview in Hindi in case they so prefer.
Candidates can apply by filling out and submitting an application form.
Candidates can apply by Internet, mail or fax.
Candidates can apply for a space any time during the school year prior to the summer.
Candidates can apply for accreditation of prior learning.
Candidates can apply for admission to confirmed candidature after six months.
Candidates can apply for congress appointed positions simultaneously with elective positions.
Candidates can apply in two ways.
Candidates can apply on their own behalf.
Candidates can apply through the web site or by mail.
Candidates can apply to have someone watch elections workers count the write-in votes.
Candidates can apply to one award only each time.
Candidates can apply to only one source of public grant for a particular course.
Candidates can apply to thousands of six-figure, executive positions.
Candidates can appoint scrutineers for each polling place.
Candidates can ask for recounts of selected precincts, rather than a statewide recount.
Candidates can be currently active in the profession or retired.
Candidates can be from any country.
Candidates can be just as candid about their failures and bad points as well.
Candidates can be of any nationality.
Candidates can be self-nominated.
Candidates can challenge signatures and try to knock others off the ballot.
Candidates can choose one of two tracks.
Candidates can choose the language they wish to study when applying to our school.
Candidates can choose to browse or search for jobs.
Candidates can come from any industry.
Candidates can complete one, two, or three courses a semester.
Candidates can confirm their test appointment.
Candidates can distribute resumes and meet recruiters for numerous companies at a single event.
Candidates can download the application form for residency.
Candidates can earn a Master's degree in any of the above areas.
Candidates can earn a minor in manufacturing engineering.
Candidates can either join the private sector, public sector or the government.
Candidates can either present their written assignment in the form of a report or in essay format.
Candidates can enroll for one free course every term.
Candidates can enroll in it as often as needed.
Candidates can enter their positions directly, when they want to and without any editing.
Candidates can evaluate their vocational choice.
Candidates can expect a valuable career resource.
Candidates can expect competition for most veterinarian positions.
Candidates can expect extreme levels of service and attention.
Candidates can expect to complete their degree requirements in eleven to eighteen months.
Candidates can expect to devote one year of full-time work to a dissertation.
Candidates can expect to remain on the wait-list for approximately six weeks.
Candidates can expect to spend at least one year of full-time work on the dissertation.
Candidates can expedite matters by having referees write the department directly.
Candidates can file their financial disclosure reports electronically at the site.
Candidates can find out about becoming an intern.
Candidates can give a more complete picture of themselves, in a far more personable environment.
Candidates can give unlimited amounts to their own campaigns.
Candidates can have an academic or industry background or both.
Candidates can have strength in either production or account servicing for mid to large groups.
Candidates can hold a baccalaureate degree in any area of study.
Candidates can hold election meetings after getting approval of security bodies.
Candidates can identify the tools for formal assessment in a variety of content areas.
Candidates can include athletes, coaches, volunteers, referees, and media members.
Candidates can include property owners and business owners.
Candidates can join at any time.
Candidates can keyword search electronic profiles.
Candidates can live in the upper east coast or the Midwest.
Candidates can locate more medical jobs here than at any other website.
Candidates can make any corrections to their demographics on the answer card.
Candidates can no longer pocket leftover campaign funds.
Candidates can nominate themselves for the award.
Candidates can nominate themselves or be nominated by a special committee.
Candidates can now go to the party for the information.
Candidates can now hold forth via chat room.
Candidates can now request their forgotten password to be automatically sent by E-mail.
Candidates can now search for career options on the net with ease.
Candidates can now use only three vehicles when going to file nominations.
Candidates can obtain feedback from the responsible chief on their technical assessment.
Candidates can only reward donors if they know who to reward.
Candidates can only run for on position of the executive office.
Candidates can participate in an intensive production program.
Candidates can perform single mouvements.
Candidates can petition onto the ballot or go through the local caucuses and state assemblies.
Candidates can place resumes on-line and browse listings.
Candidates can place resumes online and browse listings.
Candidates can plan to use a computer or type or handwrite their answers.
Candidates can plan to use a computer, type or handwrite the answers.
Candidates can post applications and search for jobs.
Candidates can post resume and salary expectations and receive confidential search results.
Candidates can post resume information confidentially.
Candidates can post resumes and be included in their database.
Candidates can post resumes and search for jobs on-line.
Candidates can post resumes electronically.
Candidates can post their profile and search jobs for free.
Candidates can post their resume for free.
Candidates can post their resume online and view job openings.
Candidates can post their resumes for free in confidential or open access format.
Candidates can project negativity without realizing it.
Candidates can purchase additional toiletry items during their liberty periods.
Candidates can reach a larger audience with greater ease.
Candidates can reach people online for a fraction of what they spend on the air.
Candidates can recast themselves as outsiders.
Candidates can receive an award in a category only once.
Candidates can receive more points if they have a relative in Canada.
Candidates can register to take the exams through many testing locations.
Candidates can request a recount if the difference is greater.
Candidates can request an interview with a faculty member.
Candidates can request interviews in up to six libraries.
Candidates can research companies and search for and apply to job opportunities.
Candidates can research full or part time and can apply anytime within the academic year.
Candidates can respond to job postings with their saved resume or the e-mail form.
Candidates can return and retest, if needed.
Candidates can run again.
Candidates can run competitive campaigns and get their message out while abiding by spending limits.
Candidates can say a lot of things, but actions speak louder than words.
Candidates can schedule their test within a few days of actually taking it.
Candidates can schedule their test within a few of actually taking it.
Candidates can search by city, state, job category, or company name.
Candidates can search for jobs after submitting their resume.
Candidates can search jobs and post CVs.
Candidates can search listings by category, location and key words.
Candidates can select from a wide pool of elective subjects common to both streams.
Candidates can select two modules from a range of electives.
Candidates can select up to four schools on the testing day.
Candidates can send their applications via e-mail.
Candidates can sign up free.
Candidates can simply tab through the form, type in their answers, and print the forms.
Candidates can speak directly to voters, without any of the usual filters or limitations.
Candidates can spread their message faster and with more effectiveness.
Candidates can stand in more than one constituency.
Candidates can start work immediately.
Candidates can still run write-in campaigns.
Candidates can submit an electronic resume by selecting a position from the pop-down menu below.
Candidates can submit resumes, conduct job searches and apply for positions online.
Candidates can submit their CVs , or clients can submit their specifications .
Candidates can t attack their opponents or the law and can t take stands on important issues.
Candidates can take the examination up to four times in any twelve-month period.
Candidates can take the exams for a certain level of certification in any order.
Candidates can take the same tests without repeating questions and answers.
Candidates can take up to seven years to complete the program.
Candidates can then sit for the certification exam in designated exam centres.
Candidates can upload information at any time.
Candidates can use the listings to contact employers prior to the convention.
Candidates can use the service to assist in their employment search.
Candidates can use their hour in whatever way they want.
Candidates can view job postings, including positions in research, sales, or business development.
Candidates can view law firm's vacancies and apply directly on-line.
Candidates can view the listing of posted positions as they are entered.
Candidates can withdraw from the race at any time.
Candidates can work with outside consultants such as a scuba diving instructor.
Candidates cansecialise in individual disciplines such as rock climbing instructor or cave leader.
Candidates choose a thesis topic after consultation with academic staff.
Candidates choose eight lecture courses in consultation with their course advisor.
Candidates choose modules from the four disciplines.
Candidates choose the assessment level appropriate for their educational training.
Candidates choose the country they want to work in when they apply.
Candidates choose the situations or experiences which best respond to the questions.
Candidates choose three of the components in section two and three.
Candidates choose to participate and thus choose to agree by such provisions as the spending limits.
Candidates choose topics.
Candidates clash over welfare bill signing Emotions run high when candidates talk about welfare.
Candidates click here .
Candidates click here.
Candidates collaboratively discuss the linguistic foundations of literacy development.
Candidates collect parent opinion questionnaires.
Candidates come and go.
Candidates come away better prepared to offer complete programs that attract dive customers.
Candidates come from commercial and small-scale farming backgrounds.
Candidates come from participating congregations and are endorsed and mentored by their pastors.
Candidates come to get acquainted with their new classroom and teachers and potential classmates.
Candidates competing for votes are likely to seek the support of an organized labor movement.
Candidates complete a job profile.
Candidates complete a standard four page staff application and are interviewed.
Candidates complete a thesis or project under the guidance of a chairperson and a committee.
Candidates complete all application requirements for regular admission.
Candidates complete an application form and attend an interview.
Candidates complete applications.
Candidates complete eight half-year units or their equivalent.
Candidates complete either eight or sixteen units of study depending upon their entry category.
Candidates complete the following, in addition to all degree requirements.
Candidates completing their clinical infectious diseases training elsewhere are also eligible.
Candidates concede it's anyone's race.
Candidates concentrate on the states in which they have the least support.
Candidates conserve money and therefore have to raise less of it from insidious special interests.
Candidates consider diversity an asset and respond positively to it.
Candidates constitute one quarter of the total society membership.
Candidates continue to design youth ministry programs and models.
Candidates continue to develop their own theology and philosophy of youth and family ministry.
Candidates control results.
Candidates covet the endorsement of the police officers union and for good reason.
Candidates create the circumstances and environment that support student and family empowerment.
Candidates create the laws that afford protection or endanger lives.
Candidates currently can erect as many signs as they want.
Candidates debate health care .
Candidates declare positions on issues, propose solutions to problems and make comments on society.
Candidates declare their political party affiliation.
Candidates defend their theses in an oral examination conducted by external and internal examiners.
Candidates demonstrate a reasonable range of structures and vocabulary.
Candidates demonstrate excellence in qualities of mind and in qualities of person.
Candidates demonstrate their knowledge of assistive technology.
Candidates describe, analyze, and reflect on practices.
Candidates deserve to get as many voters as possible to participate in an election.
Candidates design a parent newsletter to share ways to connect home and school literacy programs.
Candidates design their own focused course of study under the guidance of the graduate faculty.
Candidates develop a literacy case study .
Candidates develop a primary relationship with one recruiter.
Candidates develop appreciation and skills for both long and short range planning.
Candidates develop awareness of issues relating to youth at risk.
Candidates develop practical skills.
Candidates develop research skills, and learn basic epidemiological methods.
Candidates develop skills.
Candidates devote nearly two-thirds of their campaign budgets to television advertising.
Candidates differ on campus debate.
Candidates discuss in great detail why they want to be a donor.
Candidates divide in groups and design mini coteaching lessons.
Candidates do have to do some fundraising before they become eligible for public dollars.
Candidates do listen to what's on peoples' minds.
Candidates do the same after each election.
Candidates document their work outside the classroom, with families and in the profession.
Candidates don t have to be Swedish.
Candidates don t want to fall behind.
Candidates draft and implement a formal induction plan.
Candidates draw lots for ballot position.
Candidates drink intoxicating beverage.
Candidates effectively integrate technology in their instruction to support student learning.
Candidates elect additional music literature courses from diverse offerings.
Candidates electronically provide applications, essays, and payment.
Candidates enrol as internal students in first year and external students in second year.
Candidates enroll for the summer sessions following their junior and senior years.
Candidates enroll in the program.
Candidates enroll to receive the complete forms and instruction booklet.
Candidates enter applications and submit resumes online, over the Internet or a private intranet.
Candidates enter their own statements and policies without any editing.
Candidates enter their own statements and positions on issues without any outside editing.
Candidates establish political credibility in part by demonstrating financial strength.
Candidates even take acting lessons and a final exam.
Candidates explore the purpose of evaluation as it relates to planning instruction.
Candidates face different challenges Each candidate faces different challenges with voters.
Candidates face no spending limits.
Candidates Face Off . . .
Candidates face stringent entrance requirements and a demanding program of training and testing.
Candidates face the nation.
Candidates file based on when they run.
Candidates file electronically by submitting reports on discs, by email or via the Internet.
Candidates file extensive reports on how they raise and spend their campaign money.
Candidates file for admission to student teaching.
Candidates file their intention to run for an elected position.
Candidates file with the officer before whom the qualify.
Candidates fill out a form for the committee to review.
Candidates find the initiation ritual a solemn, beautiful and moving experience.
Candidates follow a party-centered campaign strategy.
Candidates follow for the five contested downstate elections.
Candidates follow the procedures previously outlined.
Candidates forget to interview the interviewer.
Candidates formulate professional development plans based on their interests.
Candidates generally attend the exit interview with their college partner.
Candidates generally begin their studies in the fall semester.
Candidates generally earn the degree in one academic year and one six- week summer session.
Candidates generally require four semesters to complete the program.
Candidates get a unique identification number under the system.
Candidates get at least two weeks for political campaign before the actual date of poll.
Candidates get degrees.
Candidates get ideas for implementation of curriculum from the group work.
Candidates get money from hog industry.
Candidates get more attention, but they also get more headaches.
Candidates get to come in and see what the project and the office is going to offer.
Candidates give broadcasters hundreds of millions of dollars to pay for their advertising time.
Candidates give presentation.
Candidates give speeches and advertisements to articulate their messages.
Candidates give speeches in front of the student body and the election follows.
Candidates go through interviews.
Candidates go to even greater lengths to get around the spending caps in tiny New Hampshire.
Candidates greet their fellow students at the main door, passing out leaflets, shaking hands.
Candidates have (part) arms.
Candidates have (part) body substances.
Candidates have (part) cell membranes.
Candidates have (part) cells.
Candidates have (part) corpi.
Candidates have (part) cytoplasm.
Candidates have (part) heads.
Candidates have (part) human bodies.
Candidates have (part) legs.
Candidates have (part) material bodies.
Candidates have (part) necks.
Candidates have (part) nuclei.
Candidates have (part) personality.
Candidates have (part) plasma membranes.
Candidates have (part) sections.
Candidates have (part) vacuoles.
Candidates have a begin, end, strand, and frame.
Candidates have a choice of eight M.Phil.
Candidates have a five-minute conversation with the examiners on general topics.
Candidates have a legal obligation to disclose the occupation and employer of their big donors.
Candidates have a min.
Candidates have a real-time access to the companies and recruitment agencies.
Candidates have a responsibility to discourage such activities on behalf of their supporters.
Candidates have a right to make copies of information in their files.
Candidates have a three months' probation in which they perform all the prescribed duties.
Candidates have a variety of ways to gather information.
Candidates have a year from the date of their examination to apply for a review.
Candidates have a year from the date they take the examination to apply for the review.
Candidates have access to appropriate history courses, as well.
Candidates have access to appropriate political science offerings as well.
Candidates have access to job listings and content specific to their industry or region.
Candidates have already, or are in the process of, developing new technologies.
Candidates have ample time to experiment with and use strategies to program students for success.
Candidates have an average of seven interviews during the course of the fair.
Candidates have an important ethical responsibility in the area of examination security.
Candidates have an incentive to form coalitions of states and regions.
Candidates have an understanding of the message, form and content of the Scripture.
Candidates have at least one internship.
Candidates have better things to do than fill out tedious applications.
Candidates have both a wide range of transverse velocities and rotational energy losses.
Candidates have certificates.
Candidates have college degrees.
Candidates have control over exposing only the information they seem appropriate.
Candidates have degrees.
Candidates have experience.
Candidates have fifteen minutes to prepare a reading text and questions set on it.
Candidates have five hours to complete the examination.
Candidates have five years to complete the exam cycle.
Candidates have forty minutes to prepare a reading text and a talk.
Candidates have four hours to complete an examination.
Candidates have four hours to complete either examination.
Candidates have four hours to complete the exam.
Candidates have four hours to complete the test, which is administered electronically.
Candidates have huge professional staffs.
Candidates have issues.
Candidates have little or no trouble getting airtime wherever they go.
Candidates have mass.
Candidates have master degrees.
Candidates have more power.
Candidates have no right to claim costs for travel and lodging caused by the application procedure.
Candidates have one hour to write a report on their project.
Candidates have one month to submit sufficient names on their nominating forms.
Candidates have one opportunity to retake a failed oral examination.
Candidates have one opportunity to retake a failed written or oral examination.
Candidates have one week to pay the fines ordered by the court.
Candidates have prostate cancer that has spread and is resistant to hormone therapy.
Candidates have relate experience.
Candidates have relate work experience.
Candidates have scores.
Candidates have seven days after the election to request a hearing or recount.
Candidates have several credential options.
Candidates have significant experience.
Candidates have significant work experience.
Candidates have the charge through the opportunities inherent in scholarship.
Candidates have the discretion to forward additional publications as a supplement to the dossier.
Candidates have the opportunity to get a smuch overtime as possible.
Candidates have the opportunity to meet with current residents.
Candidates have the option of choosing between completing the thesis or non-thesis track.
Candidates have the option of submitting an essay or writing sample with their application.
Candidates have the option of writing a thesis or taking the comprehensive examination.
Candidates have the option to go employed or be an independent contractor.
Candidates have the right to accept or reject such request.
Candidates have the right to allow a representative to be present during the counting of ballots.
Candidates have their workers.
Candidates have themes.
Candidates have three consecutive years, if necessary, to pass all three parts of the examination.
Candidates have three days in which they can seek a judicial recount.
Candidates have three years from the start date of their first course to complete the certificate.
Candidates have three years from the start date of their first course to complete their certificate.
Candidates have three years to complete the program.
Candidates have to appear for an objective type written examination.
Candidates have to be able to speak and write German well.
Candidates have to be neutered, and all are carefully screened to rule out bullies.
Candidates have to buy ads that reach the whole population.
Candidates have to choose to participate.
Candidates have to demonstrate their ability to perform a given task to be deemed competent.
Candidates have to do their due diligence.
Candidates have to file three contribution and expenditure reports during the elections period.
Candidates have to go out and learn how to campaign.
Candidates have to meet Connecticut's experience, course work and testing requirements.
Candidates have to meet prerequisites in academic areas.
Candidates have to realize they are being evaluated during every stage of the process.
Candidates have to respond to questions and prompts and respond in conversational English.
Candidates have to sit to an exam by a special committee that yet to be appointed.
Candidates have to specify how it relates to their proposed subject of research.
Candidates have to spend a great deal of time and effort raising money.
Candidates have to spend all of their time raising money instead of doing their job.
Candidates have to take a refresher examination every five years.
Candidates have to target a smaller voter pool with more defined, common interests.
Candidates have two hours to complete the test.
Candidates have two options in filing electronically.
Candidates have unique experience.
Candidates have until midsummer to file petitions for mayor.
Candidates have until the filing deadline to submit additional Nomination Papers, if necessary.
Candidates have up to five years from the date of matriculation to complete their programs.
Candidates have utilized issues to woo voters away from opponents competing for the same base.
Candidates have viable career path.
Candidates have work experience.
Candidates having a familiarity with the experimental analysis of behavior are preferred.
Candidates having a next to their name are still in the race.
Candidates hear text one only once, text two twice.
Candidates hold forth in New England town meetings.
Candidates identify multicultural and linguistic dimensions in educational assessment.
Candidates identify strategies that create positive learning environments.
Candidates identify the chosen subject area at the examination.
Candidates ignore Iowa and New Hampshire at their peril.
Candidates ignore youth at their own peril.
Candidates integrate conflict resolution techniques into their instruction.
Candidates interactively add or modify skills profiles for no charge.
Candidates interpret results from monitoring equipment.
Candidates just have to possess a good, positive attitude on their own.
Candidates Keep TV Ads Coming.
Candidates know immediately whether they have passed or failed the tests.
Candidates know that it is as easy to publish a newsletter online as it is to print and mail it.
Candidates know the secret to winning is advertise, advertise, advertise.
Candidates know where their money is coming from.
Candidates learn legal and professional requirements and expectations.
Candidates learn the lessons by observing the presentation.
Candidates learn to be an expert a developing lesson plans for single lessons.
Candidates learn to use assessment data as a tool for effective instruction.
Candidates leave copies of their resumes and employers post job listings.
Candidates leaving our interviews want to move on to the next step.
Candidates list free of charge.
Candidates look for jobs here.
Candidates look here for useful information on everything from resumes to resigning professionally.
Candidates maintain a working portfolio.
Candidates maintain posture.
Candidates maintain security posture.
Candidates majoring in all fields of finance are welcome to apply.
Candidates make decisions in conjunction with parents, spouses, children, and even psychic advisors.
Candidates make their decisions for a variety of reasons.
Candidates make their own housing arrangements at local hotels.
Candidates manage the classroom learning environment to create success for all students.
Candidates meet physical qualifications.
Candidates meet qualifications.
Candidates meet regularly to reflect, worship, and socialize with other candidates.
Candidates meet specific qualifications.
Candidates meet their appointed M.Phil.
Candidates meet with a staff member who assesses the individual's willingness to change.
Candidates meet with professors in hotel rooms and interpret films under their scrutiny.
Candidates monitor health.
Candidates move through a similar cycle with a number of touches happening along the way.
Candidates much prefer dealing with an individual to whom they can relate.
Candidates must have experience.
Candidates never pay a fee.
Candidates never pay for employment services.
Candidates never pay the fee.
Candidates never stop raising money.
Candidates normally commence the course in first semester.
Candidates normally complete at least one additional year of course work and two years of research.
Candidates normally have no more than three years of postdoctoral experience.
Candidates normally hold a Bachelor of Science or Bachelor of Pharmacy degree.
Candidates normally register for a two-year M.Litt.
Candidates normally sit at the school which is their first preference.
Candidates normally take up to three CSYS subjects.
Candidates normally undertake the degree on a full-time basis for a period of three to five years.
Candidates now consult pollsters more than their own constituencies.
Candidates now get equal television time.
Candidates observe and are observed by others.
Candidates offer diverse opinion.
Candidates offer opinion.
Candidates offer three extended essays within the period of their choice.
Candidates officially file for elected positions next week.
Candidates only have to campaign once, and voters only have to pay attention once.
Candidates only have to raise funds once, and the county only has to pay for one election.
Candidates only please.
Candidates outline their ambitious goals for education.
Candidates participate in a group exhibit that demonstrates a special proficiency.
Candidates participate in a math night for families.
Candidates participate in a paid orientation and training program.
Candidates participate in a two-part assessment.
Candidates participate in competitions at the local and state levels.
Candidates participate in exercises during an intensive period of assessment.
Candidates participate in Greek debate .
Candidates participate in planning course sequences suited to their individual needs and goals.
Candidates pay a fee for all retakes.
Candidates pay fees only during the minimum period of study.
Candidates pay for the test at the time of registration.
Candidates pay for their mistakes by losing their stages.
Candidates pay no fee to be placed in a new career.
Candidates pay our fees if visas are sponsored.
Candidates pay the cost of their own psychoanalysis.
Candidates pay their own way to sites of the day-long test.
Candidates pick up on that and feel they are just another applicant.
Candidates place their skills in a database where employers can search.
Candidates plan lessons that utilize resources within a community to support student learning.
Candidates play Iowa's field of dreams.
Candidates play it safe.
Candidates polish their records, but omit key facts.
Candidates possess basic computer skills.
Candidates possess basic skills.
Candidates possess computer skills.
Candidates possess relate skills.
Candidates possess skills.
Candidates possessing a college degree are preferred.
Candidates post a resume for free.
Candidates post resumes and review jobs in a confidential online setting.
Candidates post their resumes for free in an open access or confidential format.
Candidates prefer that scenario.
Candidates prefer to know the name of the company to which they send a job application.
Candidates prefer to review areas they know well.
Candidates prepare a scientific paper or presentation describing their completed projects.
Candidates prepare a thesis appropriate to their background and interests.
Candidates prepare a thesis reporting the research project which is subject to external examination.
Candidates prepare and present a thesis on their chosen area.
Candidates prepare for licensure by completing the following requirements.
Candidates prepare portfolios of their work to present to their departments.
Candidates present their first recital.
Candidates present their results as a thesis.
Candidates present their second recital.
Candidates proceed by research and thesis.
Candidates provide information.
Candidates provide personal information.
Candidates provide samples of student work illustrating differentiated instruction.
Candidates purchase a logbook listing all the modules.
Candidates pursue either a Master of Civil Engineering degree or a Master of Science degree.
Candidates put their egos on the line when they put their name on the ballot.
Candidates qualify as individuals, without regard to their party affiliation.
Candidates qualify by demonstrating broad public support from their districts.
Candidates qualify in one event only.
Candidates qualify sequentially through separate post-course examinations.
Candidates rate the program extremely highly, as do employers.
Candidates receive an accurate and balanced view of their prospective job and the organization.
Candidates receive an associates degree upon graduation.
Candidates receive an associate's degree upon graduation.
Candidates receive an evaluation of their abilities once the work placement has ended.
Candidates receive an individual score report in about three to four weeks after taking the test.
Candidates receive an official evaluation of transfer credit following acceptance.
Candidates receive automatic salary increases upon successful completion of each exam.
Candidates receive details of the jobs for which they match.
Candidates receive flat grant or the full amount.
Candidates receive immediate feedback on their performance before leaving the test center.
Candidates receive immediate feedback on their performance before leaving the testing center.
Candidates receive instructions and practice at their workstations prior to the licensure exam.
Candidates receive nametags when they first check in.
Candidates receive no fewer than two hours of supervision per week.
Candidates receive oral and written instructions from the test proctor.
Candidates receive personal interviews, background checks, drug screening and reference checks.
Candidates receive total scores and a summary of strengths and weaknesses by content area.
Candidates receive training in land and sea survival, scuba diving, and space suits.
Candidates receive training in piano laboratory techniques as well as conventional studio methods.
Candidates receive written notice of results.
Candidates receiving armed service commissions wear caps and gowns.
Candidates receiving the greatest number of votes win.
Candidates recognize that skilled communication enhances each interaction.
Candidates recognize the importance of professional development and exploring learning.
Candidates reflect on their own heritage and culture and discuss their racial and ethnic diversity.
Candidates register by completing and returning an application at any time.
Candidates register with the exchange to apply for job openings with listed companies.
Candidates rejecting job offers can further lengthen recruiting efforts.
Candidates relish in success of debate .
Candidates rely on centrally provided policy platforms during their efforts to get elected.
Candidates remain anonymous until their auction ends.
Candidates remain eligible for three consecutive years after initial nomination.
Candidates remain eligible for three years following the year of nomination.
Candidates remain in the database for one year.
Candidates remain tightly bound by a code of conduct.
Candidates represent all racial, ethnic and socioeconomic backgrounds.
Candidates request in writing a date for their exit examination.
Candidates require a min.
Candidates require a PhD in computer science or related area.
Candidates require a programming background.
Candidates require basic computer skills.
Candidates require minimum six months' experience.
Candidates require no experience to qualify to sit.
Candidates require only a simple majority to be elected in the second round.
Candidates require solid presentation, interpersonal and telephone skills.
Candidates respond directly to the discussion while media and guest watch the discussion.
Candidates respond to assessment questions using the telephone keypad on their phone.
Candidates respond to assessment questions using the touch-tone keys on their phone.
Candidates respond to each other online, a practice the league wants to see more of in the future.
Candidates return confirmation letters, accepting or declining the assistantship offer.
Candidates return to their seats after crossing the stage and remain there until the recession.
Candidates return to their seats after crossing the stage and remain there until the recessional.
Candidates reveal resumes only to Employers.
Candidates review possible test questions and participate in mock interviews.
Candidates run as the representative of their single member district.
Candidates run at large.
Candidates run because they feel their ideas and values are best for the country.
Candidates run for election.
Candidates run for office in a multi-party political system and no single party dominates.
Candidates run for office.
Candidates run in a multi-member district.
Candidates run in a virtual election.
Candidates run in multi-member districts.
Candidates run together on one ticket for the offices of governor and lieutenant governor.
Candidates running for all state offices can begin participating for the next elections.
Candidates running for president in each of the parties also take road trips.
Candidates running for the state legislature also face increased demands to raise money.
Candidates rush to register before deadline.
Candidates say little about California's marriage initiative.
Candidates say the law has made a difference, bringing new issues into the public discourse.
Candidates schedule the examination and arrange for a proctor in their own area.
Candidates search for jobs and self-refer to the recruiting department.
Candidates search here for new career opportunities.
Candidates see debates as an opportunity to get their message out to the voters.
Candidates seek help from court .
Candidates seeking an associate degree can choose from among four degree programs.
Candidates seeking new jobs, please enter here.
Candidates seem to say the same boring things.
Candidates select appropriate techniques for instructional purposes.
Candidates select either a thesis or comprehensive exams to demonstrate comprehensive knowledge.
Candidates select either biology, chemistry, geology or physics.
Candidates select four classes to take during the weekend.
Candidates select one of four career tracks and are placed in a New York State agency.
Candidates select their answers by touching the computer screen.
Candidates send their r sum s directly to the host organization.
Candidates set their own schedule and level of committment.
Candidates share their clinical practice experience as it relates to their learning.
Candidates share their knowledge and experience with colleagues.
Candidates share their knowledge and expertise with their colleagues.
Candidates should have computer skills.
Candidates should have excellent computer skills.
Candidates should have experience.
Candidates should have good swim skills.
Candidates should have skills.
Candidates should have swim skills.
Candidates should have work experience.
Candidates sign a release from authorizing certain individuals access to their file.
Candidates sign up for convenient interview times.
Candidates simply click to view the actual ads, candidates can also respond online.
Candidates sit down in a private room with two tape recorders.
Candidates sit on all standing committees.
Candidates slip into and out of their roles, with nary a change of costume.
Candidates speak on their own behalf.
Candidates speak with five to six attorneys.
Candidates spend approx.
Candidates spend hundreds of thousands of dollars to contest local elections.
Candidates spend one day at an assessment center completing four content tests.
Candidates spend one day at an assessment center completing six content tests.
Candidates spend one day at the assessment center.
Candidates spend one full day at the assessment center.
Candidates spend the majority of their campaign time fundraising.
Candidates spend the remainder of the week in assigned field experience classrooms.
Candidates spend too much time chasing campaign contributions.
Candidates spend too much time raising money from too many people.
Candidates start to look and sound alike when reviewed in huge groups.
Candidates state their preferences and possible dates.
Candidates stay in Corpus for at least one day, perhaps two or three.
Candidates still have nearly two months to get on thisyear's ballot.
Candidates stretch out from an ideological base into the amorphous electoral middle.
Candidates study a combination of written communication theory and applied practices.
Candidates study one work of poetry and one work of drama.
Candidates submit a dissertation on their project for the award of the MSc degree.
Candidates submit a dissertation which reports on the project.
Candidates submit a dream sheet of nine universities around the world.
Candidates submit a thesis based upon their research work.
Candidates submit a written proposal to a company.
Candidates submit an application and undergo a selection process.
Candidates submit an article or feature on a pre-set topic.
Candidates submit applications as non-degree graduate student status on the application form.
Candidates submit one taped sermon to be evaluated.
Candidates submit resumes and, in some cases, transcripts for consideration.
Candidates submit their budgets in secret to the instructor.
Candidates submit their resumes by mail, fax, or E-mail.
Candidates submitting applications thereafter are less likely to receive financial aid.
Candidates take a common set of core courses which provides fundamental skills and knowledge.
Candidates take a test online and the scoring is done automatically.
Candidates take a tour of the campus and have an opportunity to meet students and faculty members.
Candidates take an editing test, but once they come to our desks, it's to work.
Candidates take both the written and practical portions on the same day.
Candidates take heed.
Candidates take off the kid gloves and start gnawing at each other.
Candidates take stands and compare themselves to their opponents.
Candidates take the mandatory core course, plus three additional options.
Candidates take their campaign very seriously.
Candidates take turns responding to the questions and are limited to five minutes per question.
Candidates talk about the policies and plans they have if they are elected.
Candidates talk of the vision thing, but their proposals by necessity are small ones.
Candidates talk, candidates email, candidates have a pretty good idea of their worth already.
Candidates tend to be judged as all good or all bad.
Candidates tend to distort the voting records of their opponents on television and on the radio.
Candidates tend to get more votes when listed first.
Candidates tend to get more votes when their names are listed first.
Candidates tend to ignore the states with young voters.
Candidates tend to look at job-specific sites first.
Candidates tend to remember that as well.
Candidates tend to stay fairly secluded when preparing for debates.
Candidates tend to want to be able to completely control their own message.
Candidates then follow the instructions for signing for interviews.
Candidates then gather monthly to discuss their spirituality.
Candidates then get four weeks, tops, to prove themselves in the field.
Candidates then have six days to seek a recount.
Candidates then present their loan package to the loan committee for approval.
Candidates then produce a dissertation, which is defended in an oral examination.
Candidates then run obstacle course wearing a tactical style vest.
Candidates then submit a thesis embodying the results of supervised research.
Candidates then submit review samples.
Candidates think low contributions translate to diminished political influence.
Candidates to gain experience.
Candidates travel the length and breadth of the continent seeking support.
Candidates travel to a Lodge for initiation.
Candidates try to get a grip on the size of the city s shortfall and why it happened.
Candidates try to rack up points or draw blood.
Candidates tune up sound byte machines.
Candidates type as much of that passage as they can during the time available.
Candidates typically average six interviews each.
Candidates typically come up through the system over a period of time.
Candidates typically require two or three years of full-time work to complete their theses.
Candidates undergo a rigorous screening process designed to identify their potential for success.
Candidates undergo a series of interviews and a psychological evaluation.
Candidates undergo a three-month training course.
Candidates undergo long and complicated psychological testing.
Candidates undergo procedures.
Candidates understand and can develop a peer group ministry.
Candidates understand documentation.
Candidates understand the growth and development issues of youth.
Candidates undertake a program comprising a number of coursework units and a research thesis.
Candidates undertake a seminar program.
Candidates undertake advanced coursework, field-based enquiry, and research.
Candidates undertake clinical duties under the supervision of veterinary staff at the institution.
Candidates undertake one of the four designated pathways, both part-time and comprising six modules.
Candidates undertake research of direct relevance to their work under specialist supervision.
Candidates undertake the process with the assistance of a support network across the state.
Candidates undertake the program as preparation for a variety of professional positions.
Candidates undertake two marine biological research projects.
Candidates undertake two research projects.
Candidates undertake two vertebrate research projects.
Candidates use a variety of assessment tools with their students.
Candidates use debates to talk to the public.
Candidates use feedback from the reviews to improve their consulting skills.
Candidates use formal assessment tools with students and prepare reports to show student progress.
Candidates use hard dollars to pay campaign expenses.
Candidates use informal assessment strategies with students and the results to guide instruction.
Candidates use it when deciding which law firm to join.
Candidates use negative ads because they work.
Candidates use such information to reflect upon and improve their instructional practices.
Candidates use the national database for free.
Candidates use the same electronic cards to describe the work environment they find appealing.
Candidates use the same radical character.
Candidates use their knowledge about major cultural groups to design and deliver instruction.
Candidates video one of their lessons in which they use a grouping strategy.
Candidates visit local classrooms, recording observations and writing reflective interpretations.
Candidates visit our Latest Vacancies page, which is now updated daily, to view all our latest jobs.
Candidates wear dark clothing and dark shoes with academic costume.
Candidates will have ability.
Candidates will have backgrounds.
Candidates will have degrees.
Candidates will have interest.
Candidates win an election with a simple majority of the votes.
Candidates win by obtaining majority support.
Candidates win on issues, values and good government.
Candidates wish to pass a test, obtain a promotion, or gain a credential.
Candidates wishing to enroll as a visiting student apply to the dean of admissions.
Candidates wonder why the company is having so much trouble filling the position.
Candidates work as early as possible with their supervisor to formulate a thesis proposal.
Candidates work closely with their advisors to determine any specialty emphasis.
Candidates work in targeted classrooms and receive on-site mentoring from experienced teachers.
Candidates work strictly on a volunteer basis.
Candidates work through a series of sections, called trips, each with a different topic.
Candidates work with an assigned CAG mentor selected specifically for their expertise.
Candidates work with middle school students in the late afternoon at centers in Reading.
Candidates work with teams.
Candidates write a four hour paper.
Candidates write examinations at each level and, if successful, are awarded a certificate.
Candidates write public policy position papers as a part of the application process.
Candidates write their names on all paper to be submitted.
Candidates always drop clangers because they are always talking.
Candidates always make promises, but nothing gets done.
Candidates always seem to have the same goals, but every year nothing ever seems to be accomplished.
Candidates always struggle with the type of sign to purchase.
Candidates frequently neglect to prepare for the videotaped session.
Candidates often act as though they are the buyer rather than the seller.
Candidates often approach the interview at the professional school with trepidation.
Candidates often are more relaxed in non-traditional interviews.
Candidates often are very excited when they finally receive an offer.
Candidates often ask about salary and benefits too early.
Candidates often ask how to prepare themselves for interview.
Candidates often choose to reach the voters where they are.
Candidates often have access to different groups of e-mail addresses that can vary widely in size.
Candidates often have competing offers to evaluate.
Candidates often have important questions to resolve before they commit themselves.
Candidates often provide graphics that visitors can load for their own purposes.
Candidates often put some effort into fundraising to support their campaigns.
Candidates often rip their letters open on the spot.
Candidates often satisfy perfectly rational leadership competencies and still fail to lead.
Candidates often say one thing in a campaign and do something else once they get elected.
Candidates often submit hundreds of evaluations which are very difficult to process.
Candidates often use humor to get their points across.
Candidates sometimes obtain valuable information in unexpected settings.
Candidates sometimes stretch the truth.
Candidates usually apply during their final year at university.
Candidates usually begin by introducing themselves to voters.
Candidates usually begin their campaign knowing what issues are important.
Candidates usually begin with an introduction to the major genres of children's literature.
Candidates usually campaign to let people know what they represent.
Candidates usually come from artistic or sporting backgrounds.
Candidates usually have a bachelor s or master s degree in philosophy.
Candidates usually have to talk more and provide more details.
Candidates usually run as independents.
Candidates usually specialize but they take courses covering the entire discipline.
Candidates usually specialize in a subfield, such as organic chemistry or European history.
Candidates usually take four to five full years of study to obtain the Ph.D. degree.
All candidates actively participate in field sessions.
All candidates agree that improving scores on standardized tests in the district is a top priority.
All candidates appear on a register in rank order according to their score.
All candidates are carefully pre-screened to insure only top talent and seasoned professionals.
All candidates are carefully pre-screened to insure only top talent.
All candidates are cross-registered with both the Democratic and Republican political parties.
All candidates are eligible for industrial studentships that cover both fees and maintenance.
All candidates are eligible to apply for the following grants and scholarships.
All candidates are lawyers.
All candidates are legal to work in the U.S. and are experienced in their line of work.
All candidates are responsible for seeing that campaign rules are followed.
All candidates are subject to a background investigation prior to commencing work.
All candidates are subject to a background investigation.
All candidates are subject to a criminal background check.
All candidates are subject to further skills testing.
All candidates are to campaign with the spirit of good sportsmanship and a sense of fair play.
All candidates are to wear traditional academic mortarboards and gowns.
All candidates are welcome and there are no fees for participation.
All candidates are welcome to apply.
All candidates are welcome to put up a web page for free.
All candidates are welcome to submit their bio's.
All candidates are welcome.
All candidates are worthy of recognition.
All candidates assemble at designated locations.
All candidates complete an application.
All candidates continue to file a quarterly report until they can file a final report.
All candidates deliver a final oral defense of their theses or reports.
All candidates engage in research through course work.
All candidates entering teacher education are now prepared following a new model.
All candidates give commitments and pledge to work for a better future.
All candidates have a tutorial interview as well as a subject interview.
All candidates have an opportunity to work as patient.
All candidates have at least three years of experience working in a challenging environment.
All candidates have certain notification responsibilities related to contributions and expenditures.
All candidates have experience and success in schoolwide improvement efforts.
All candidates have to right to request a recount of the vote.
All candidates head west when running for president.
All candidates interview with a faculty member.
All candidates meet the established criteria.
All candidates normally take an oral examination following the written examinations.
All candidates participate in supervised field experience and student teaching.
All candidates participate in the examination process at their own expense.
All candidates promise their constituents bigger slices of the transfer pie.
All candidates receive an individualized report of their scores.
All candidates receive the appropriate study guide upon registration.
All candidates receive the maximum exposure to all open positions.
All candidates receive written notice of their status through campus mail.
All candidates run at large.
All candidates run regardless of political party.
All candidates say that they are environmentalists at election time.
All candidates say they support education.
All candidates say they support the lawsuit.
All candidates say they want an effective plan for dealing with a school crisis.
All candidates seem outstanding.
All candidates seem to have the membership's best interest at heart.
All candidates sit a one-hour written test on the day they arrive for interview.
All candidates speak and write in English.
All candidates strongly support the plan.
All candidates submit a completed application pack by the application deadline.
All candidates support creating a strategic plan for the district.
All candidates take a comprehensive examination at the completion of the course work.
All candidates take an oral examination on completion of their program of study.
All candidates take the same Listening and Speaking modules.
All candidates take the same Listening and Speaking Modules.
All candidates take the same morning examination.
All candidates then fill out a nomination form for themselves.
All candidates then sit as directed, men removing caps.
All candidates treat three patients in psychoanalysis for at least two years.
All candidates using Web sites increase the potential for facilitating illegal contributions.
All candidates win automatically since they have no competition.
All candidates work with an advisor from the department at the time of application.
Any candidate has the option of living in a metropolitan city or in quiet suburb.
Any candidate receiving three or mote affirmative votes is recommended.
Every candidate attends an in-depth interview before registration.
Every candidate bears a distinguishing flaw.
Every candidate cares about our children.
Every candidate comes to the ballot with a certain amount of baggage.
Every candidate faces the same environment.
Every candidate has something unique and valuable to offer the party.
Every candidate has to dream such things.
Every candidate has to make a deposit of Rs.
Every candidate is a potential vote to protect our freedoms and safety.
Every candidate is an individual.
Every candidate is asked the same questions, read exactly the same way.
Every candidate is different.
Every candidate is eager to visit schools and talk about improving student achievement.
Every candidate is for better communication, more student involvement and greater diversity.
Every candidate is geographically and professionally pre-qualified.
Every candidate is given the opportunity to turn in a statement.
Every candidate is identified with a number.
Every candidate is provided with information on an excellent portfolio of blue chip clients.
Every candidate is urged to plan ahead to avoid additional stress leading up to the exam.
Every candidate needs a good gimmick to entertain the public.
Every candidate needs one.
Every candidate stands on an equal footing.
Every candidate thinks they re the best person for the job.
Every candidate works with our complete team of consultants.
Many candidates already have advanced degrees in a non-business field.
Many candidates already neglect to report that information altogether.
Many candidates also have websites of their own.
Many candidates are excellent hard-working people.
Many candidates are fully eligible and properly registered to sit.
Many candidates are unknown or ran as independents.
Many candidates are very intersted in doing a solely marketing job search of our database.
Many candidates become anxious because they want to make a good impression.
Many candidates begin, but the number is reduced very rapidly.
Many candidates believe in the door to door style of campaigning.
Many candidates blast the drug industry's high profits.
Many candidates choose the four seasons.
Many candidates come across as arrogant or apathetic.
Many candidates come across as arrogant.
Many candidates come to an interview all wound up and tense.
Many candidates come to interviews with their best face on.
Many candidates create PACs in order to jump start their presidential runs as early as possible.
Many candidates depend on big donations from wealthy sources just to stay alive in the race.
Many candidates do stick with tradition.
Many candidates do.
Many candidates experience feelings of deep anxiety and angst following their testing experience.
Many candidates feel they have to do repair work.
Many candidates find they are better suited in other areas.
Many candidates forget and think that the answer to the calculation is the end of the matter.
Many candidates give up hope and drop out along the way.
Many candidates go from state to state trying to win contests to represent their party.
Many candidates have a gun to their head.
Many candidates have the experience and skills to do a job.
Many candidates have their reasons for going through a recruiter to find a job.
Many candidates hire power-brokers and musclemen to lure or intimidate voters.
Many candidates maintain their subscriptions after they've found satisfying jobs.
Many candidates make the mistake of believing the market hype about salaries.
Many candidates make the mistake of discussing salary too early in the interviewing process.
Many candidates never get beyond a headhunter's or HR person's description of a job.
Many candidates now adopt a ploy of asking a very wide or a multiple-question.
Many candidates nowadays view the idea of IPO stock to be a great benefit to job offerings.
Many candidates organize into groups with selected people running for selected offices.
Many candidates provide rides to their supporters on election day.
Many candidates run for office just for the power the position commands.
Many candidates sincerely go into their post with the best of intentions.
Many candidates spend much of their effort just collecting petition signatures.
Many candidates start to panic when they are notified that they are going to a chief's.
Many candidates stick to safe investments.
Many candidates take English or History at A-level, or equivalent.
Many candidates test their knowledge by working only multiple-choice questions.
Many candidates think of the interview as merely an evaluation of their technical abilities.
Many candidates work very hard to avoid giving direct answers to direct questions.
More candidates add more colors.
More candidates creates a sense of momentum.
More candidates mean more entertainment.
More candidates means more media, more contact with voters, and more choice in the voting booth.
More candidates seem to be available, IT hiring managers say.
Most candidates administer their own finances during their campaigns.
Most candidates agree that it is a fair but very tough selection process.
Most candidates allow several months to prepare for a certification examination.
Most candidates also have their own websites.
Most candidates apply during their senior year.
Most candidates apply while they are still at school, before they have taken their A levels.
Most candidates are able to complete the program within five years.
Most candidates are able to complete the survey in less than five minutes.
Most candidates are already CNSs who are retooling their skills to expand their clinical expertise.
Most candidates are in the process of completing a required special project.
Most candidates are independent, although identifiable as sympathetic to certain factions.
Most candidates are still dependent on the same monied interests as before.
Most candidates arrive at the door with a lot of energy and little training.
Most candidates believe the Internet is a powerful gateway to prospective donors and voters.
Most candidates buy voter lists from the state political parties.
Most candidates can always use some extra help with their campaigns.
Most candidates come into the program with a bachelor's degree.
Most candidates complete the Ph.D. degree in two to three years beyond the master's degree.
Most candidates complicate the process.
Most candidates depend on their volunteers, in good faith, to do the paperwork.
Most candidates develop practical skills.
Most candidates develop skills.
Most candidates do a poor job explaining prior drug use, financial problems, arrest records, etc.
Most candidates do their own resumes.
Most candidates earn credits by taking taught courses.
Most candidates end their answer in the middle of paragraph.
Most candidates enter the program with a baccalaureate degree in history.
Most candidates face fears and challenges in going overseas.
Most candidates fail to answer the questions properly due to lack of preparation and direction.
Most candidates get a huge amount from their home base.
Most candidates get degrees.
Most candidates get on the ballot by filing a petition containing a specified number of signatures.
Most candidates get ready for the interviewer's questions, fewer prepare for asking questions.
Most candidates give presentation.
Most candidates have absolutely no background in the subject they wish to study.
Most candidates have access to courses in their local university.
Most candidates have applicable practical experience.
Most candidates have certificates.
Most candidates have college degrees.
Most candidates have degrees.
Most candidates have experience.
Most candidates have many years of job experience.
Most candidates have mass.
Most candidates have master degrees.
Most candidates have scores.
Most candidates have significant experience.
Most candidates have significant work experience.
Most candidates have to do that, especially near the end of the campaign.
Most candidates have unique experience.
Most candidates have Web pages, as do most political parties.
Most candidates have work experience.
Most candidates maintain posture.
Most candidates maintain security posture.
Most candidates meet physical qualifications.
Most candidates meet qualifications.
Most candidates meet specific qualifications.
Most candidates monitor health.
Most candidates obtain application forms by calling each respective school.
Most candidates offer diverse opinion.
Most candidates offer opinion.
Most candidates open the first page of the question booklet and start answering questions.
Most candidates pass the examination the first time.
Most candidates possess basic computer skills.
Most candidates possess basic skills.
Most candidates possess computer skills.
Most candidates possess relate skills.
Most candidates possess skills.
Most candidates post their photos now.
Most candidates produce TV ads with glacial slowness.
Most candidates propose lower taxes as a way to help workers manage job and family responsibilities.
Most candidates provide information.
Most candidates provide only a lump sum total of non-itemized contributions.
Most candidates provide personal information.
Most candidates provide their phone number, address, and more and more, their e-mail address.
Most candidates pursue the first route.
Most candidates receive graduate assistantships.
Most candidates remember the novitiate as the best year of their lives.
Most candidates represent a political party .
Most candidates running unopposed are incumbents.
Most candidates say they'd probably drop out if they had to go another week.
Most candidates see Iowa as a tempting jumping-off point.
Most candidates see political parties as nothing more than vote-pulling machines.
Most candidates start small and go on to higher offices.
Most candidates take the test only once.
Most candidates take their test in a relatively small low powered car.
Most candidates tend to find themselves in two distinct types of films.
Most candidates undergo procedures.
Most candidates understand documentation.
Most candidates voluntarily agree to limit expenditures in order to receive public subsidies.
Most candidates win slant their responses to make themselves appear ideally suited.
Most candidates work with teams.
Some candidates also itemize contributions of lesser amounts.
Some candidates are hopefuls one year and major party candidates another year.
Some candidates are most notable for their low profiles in the campaign.
Some candidates are natural talkers, and can fill silences without actually answering the question.
Some candidates are qualified, having performed well in high office.
Some candidates are unable to name their limiting circumstances.
Some candidates are willing to get out front.
Some candidates assume that a hiring proposal only can be submitted following an interview.
Some candidates become pretentious or pedantic in their choice of words and phrases.
Some candidates bring their own technical aids.
Some candidates change on the issues.
Some candidates charge that their rivals stormed polling stations and rigged the votes.
Some candidates come across as more passionate, while others come across as more calm.
Some candidates complete requirements.
Some candidates conduct experiments.
Some candidates discuss size.
Some candidates enter examinations.
Some candidates enter spheres.
Some candidates even interview with the local radio station.
Some candidates even mention one or two of our rights, in passing.
Some candidates even videotape a mock interview.
Some candidates fail in the first half-hour or so of an examination.
Some candidates favor improving bicycle routes for commuters who opt out of driving and bussing.
Some candidates feel that the investment in sending out color prints is worthwhile.
Some candidates file their nomination papers from more than one constituency.
Some candidates find it useful to work through the paper from start to finish.
Some candidates find the format of behavioral questions is unsettling.
Some candidates follow application procedures.
Some candidates follow procedures.
Some candidates give away pads, pens, buttons, and other gewgaws.
Some candidates have human touch.
Some candidates have prior experience.
Some candidates have skills.
Some candidates have to search on the sly.
Some candidates have touch.
Some candidates have web sites with there issues.
Some candidates hold advanced degrees in fields other than management.
Some candidates leave departments.
Some candidates meet age requirements.
Some candidates meet requirements.
Some candidates possess advance degrees.
Some candidates possess degrees.
Some candidates prefer to apply online , others prefer to apply by mail.
Some candidates read prepared speeches, others extemporize.
Some candidates receive degrees.
Some candidates receive third degrees.
Some candidates refuse to pay any attention to the party ideals.
Some candidates represent tribes.
Some candidates require more water than others.
Some candidates resent or misread the endorsement process.
Some candidates resort to blackmail to get votes.
Some candidates say three days is just too much.
Some candidates seem to be spending as much time repairing signs as they are knocking on doors.
Some candidates show up dressed like they are going to a club.
Some candidates support protection.
Some candidates think of their resume as a direct mail advertising piece.
Some candidates think they're on safer ground by choosing to talk about their job descriptions.
Some candidates use platforms.
Some candidates wear boots.
Some candidates win but disappoint their supporters and even themselves .
Some candidates wish to organize a business of their own instead of searching for another job.
Some candidates withdraw in protest.
Some candidates work a couple of hours.
Some candidates work in facilities.
Some candidates work in laboratory animal facilities.
Candidiasis generally looks like cheese curds, which when wiped off, leave a raw, bleeding surface.
Candidiasis update .
Most candidiasis occurs in patients.
Some candidiasis becomes blood.
Some candidiasis becomes life.
Candidiasis causes chest pain.
Candidiasis causes pain.
Candidiasis has (part) body parts.
Candidiasis has (part) cells.
Candidiasis has (part) myceliums.
Candidiasis has (part) sections.
Candidiasis isa process.
Candidiasis occurs in patients.
Candied citron has a distinctive tart citrus flavor.
Candied citron is sold in pieces, diced, and as part of mixed candied fruits and peels.
Candied violets are an old-fashioned decoration for wedding cakes.
Candle lanterns are a safe, property-respecting, fun alternative.
Candle lanterns are appropriate.
Candle snuffers are preferred to the use of wet fingertips or a plate smashed down on the wick.
All candle use requires special care.
Candle wax is made of molecules made primarily of chains of carbon and hydrogen.
Candle wax is made of paraffin.
Candle wax is resistant to water and any water soluble cleaner.
Every candle wick has to have a final coat of wax.
A candle is a lamp
Candle isa lamp.
Candle lanterns for evening light.
Candles add a unique touch to any home and can make an everyday situation feel very special.
Candles add a warmth, create a mood and commemorate favorite memories like no other item.
Candles add grace and beauty to any decor.
Candles add warmth, light, and atmosphere to our surroundings.
Candles also can be useful.
Candles also do wonders for mood lighting by creating a soft, relaxing glow.
Candles also make wonderful gift ideas.
Candles also provide a little heat in the tent.
Candles also serve many purposes, including atmosphere, celebration and decoration, among others.
Candles also symbolize waiting, especially for the second comming.
Candles are a bad idea unless they are contained in a suitable non-flammable container or lantern.
Candles are a beautiful decoration, but they can also be hazardous.
Candles are a cherished part of many holiday traditions.
Candles are a common source of light.
Candles are a favorite home decorating item because they lend warmth and atmosphere to any room.
Candles are a fire hazard.
Candles are a gift for all seasons and occasions.
Candles are a good example.
Candles are a great way to introduce scent into the home.
Candles are a popular addition to any wedding.
Candles are a powerful tool used to enhance meditation and amplify healing energies.
Candles are a traditional and beautiful part of the season.
Candles are a type of fat lamp.
Candles are a very spiritual, religious and ritual tool for many people.
Candles are also a major cause of fire-related deaths.
Candles are also part of tradition in a different way.
Candles are always a welcome hostess gift as well.
Candles are always appropriate.
Candles are an easy way to add romance to a room.
Candles are an effective tool for concentration.
Candles are an emotional experience.
Candles are an important part of our ceremonies.
Candles are an inexpensive accessory.
Candles are an open flame.
Candles are another good repository for the dried and pressed flowers.
Candles are another source of lighting and can also be used as decoration.
Candles are available for purchase.
Candles are available in various sizes and prices.
Candles are beautiful to look at but they can be very dangerous to curious little hands.
Candles are capable of fire hazards.
Candles are conducive to crystal reading.
Candles are dangerous in residence halls and have been the source of many fires.
Candles are easy to get and use.
Candles are easy to make, and can be a good family project.
Candles are especially hazardous if surrounded by pine cones and ribbon.
Candles are especially nice alongside the bath tub.
Candles are fine as long as they're simple.
Candles are fuel.
Candles are great and provide a terrific atmosphere.
Candles are great for lighting a dark room.
Candles are great gifts for all occassions.
Candles are great.
Candles are highly scented.
Candles are just one way of using aromatherapy.
Candles are lame.
Candles are lamps.
Candles are light.
Candles are lighted, their flickering flames spread an entirely different type of light.
Candles are lit and one can sit and take in the quiet peace and beauty of the church.
Candles are lit and songs are sung to remember each unique and unrepeatable life.
Candles are lit, ofrendas laid out.
Candles are lit, packages are wrapped, and gatherings of family and friends warm the heart.
Candles are lit.
Candles are located in bedrooms.
Candles are located in birthday cakes.
Candles are located in cabinets.
Candles are located in candelabras.
Candles are located in churchs.
Candles are located in drawers.
Candles are located in kitchens.
Candles are located in malls.
Candles are located in parties.
Candles are located in restaurants.
Candles are located in rooms.
Candles are located in shelfs.
Candles are located in shops.
Candles are located in synagogues.
Candles are located in tables.
Candles are mostly electrical, but often much bigger then mini lights and shaped like a real candle.
Candles are nice.
Candles are now a separate category.
Candles are often part of holiday decorations.
Candles are one of our biggest sellers.
Candles are one of the most common causes of fires in residence halls.
Candles are one of the most interesting and fascinating objects.
Candles are particularly popular during the holiday season but they can cause tragedies.
Candles are popular.
Candles are relatively expensive.
Candles are renown for their ability to influence moods and emotions.
Candles are romantic and can cast a peaceful glow in a room.
Candles are romantics.
Candles are safe when burned properly and responsibly, and according to manufacturers' directions.
Candles are safe when set on a flat, stable, non-flammable surface.
Candles are safest with a mantle that surrounds and protects the flame.
Candles are so much fun to make.
Candles are soft ivory.
Candles are still as popular and fun as well.
Candles are synonymous with refined living.
Candles are the best way to go.
Candles are the elongated shoots produced at the beginning of each flush of growth.
Candles are the leading cause of fires in the winter.
Candles are the perfect way to make a table special.
Candles are to be placed in fireproof containers.
Candles are to be placed in holders on dinner tables by catering staff.
Candles are to be placed in holders on dinner tables.
Candles are to be used at every liturgical service as a sign of reverence and festiveness.
Candles are to be used only on tables.
Candles are to be used only with advance permission and only in fireproof containers.
Candles are too dangerous.
Candles are truly lovely.
Candles are unsafe and ineffective as a heat source or main source of light.
Candles are used for ambiance.
Candles are used for atmospheres.
Candles are used for burning.
Candles are used for celebration.
Candles are used for decoration.
Candles are used for heat.
Candles are used for illumination.
Candles are used for light.
Candles are used for luminosity.
Candles are used for romance.
Candles are used for smell.
Candles are very dangerous to use in bedrooms.
Candles are very hazardous in bedrooms.
Candles are very popular and many people burn multiple candles on a regular basis.
Candles are very romantic and much less expensive.
Candles are wicked.
Candles are widely available, and range from inexpensive tealights to luxurious pillars.
Candles are wonderful for decoration, for good scents and interesting shapes for visual art.
Candles backlit the altar, giving a small amount of light to the place.
Candles bring warmth and light into their homes during short winter days.
Candles burn a warm glow in the windows.
Candles burn before the icons and on the altar.
Candles burn down, the virtual candle lives on forever.
Candles burn gases.
Candles burn in the bedroom, and the bed is scattered with rose petals.
Candles burn twice as long if treated with a thin coat of liquid shellac.
Candles burn, pleaders come day and night for cure.
Candles burn, signifying passion.
Candles burning on every grave, there is snow on the ground .
Candles can add a cozy atmosphere around the house or an attractive setting to the dinner table.
Candles can add just enough light to see and enhance the mood of a romantic evening.
Candles can add scent and soften the lighting of any room.
Candles can be a fire hazard.
Candles Can be any size or shape or color.
Candles can be custom made at no extra charge, any colour or fragrance.
Candles can be festive and celebratory or rejuvenating and soothing.
Candles can be fun and easy to make.
Candles can be round or hexagonal.
Candles can be simple but decorative.
Candles can be such fun and always add an extra something to an event.
Candles can cause burns and fires.
Candles can easily cause fires.
Candles can make even the cheapest Chinese takeout memorable.
Candles can provide a gentle relaxing light or have a low watt lamp.
Candles cause damage.
Candles cause more fires after a disaster than anything else.
Candles come in a variety of styles, sizes, scents and shapes.
Candles come in all shapes, sizes and types.
Candles come in very handy as controller floats.
Candles come individually boxed and sell seperately.
Candles constitute the minimum equipment for worship.
Candles cost a half dollar now.
Candles create an instant mood in any room of the home.
Candles create mood and add drama to any decor.
Candles do emit a certain amount of heat.
Candles emit soot, the same as any other solid fuel.
Candles enhance a room s environment providing light, ambience and aroma.
Candles express so many different feelings.
Candles float in water.
Candles floated by devotees and tourists dot the river.
Candles Floating candles, or larger citronella candles can add a beautiful accent when it is dark.
Candles follow designer colours and fashions.
Candles gain access primarily by their fiery symbolism.
Candles gently illuminate dark corners, and add a homey touch that makes any room more inviting.
Candles give height and always look good.
Candles go unlit, aromatherapy oils stay in their bottles.
Candles grace many of our displays and include the now popular gel candles in many sizes and scents.
Candles have (part) sections.
Candles have a flammable substance like paraffin in the wax that is the fuel for the fire.
Candles have a great many uses in Wicca.
Candles have beautiful, calming light and are a key part of any altar.
Candles have large wired organza bows, pearl strands and a shell rose.
Candles have wick.
Candles help to enhance the ambience of any setting.
Candles hide a multitude of sins.
Candles highlight the holiday season in splendid tradition.
Candles illuminate the tables.
Candles invite fire play by children.
Candles Keep a list of emergency numbers near the telephone.
Candles Keep candles a safe distance from other things, and out of the reach of little children.
Candles Keep candles away from all combustible materials.
Candles Keep candles in proper containers.
Candles Learn how to make candles from beeswax and create a dipped candle.
Candles Left unattended can start fires.
Candles light the crude wooden tables and glazed earthenware carafes and plates.
Candles light the dark surroundings and it's very quiet.
Candles light the rooms with subtle warmth.
Candles light the spa area.
Candles light the way.
Candles lighten the gourmet dinner that ends the evening.
Candles line the entire length of the stream.
Candles look best when burned down a little bit.
Candles made of vegetable wax that contain no paraffin create a healthful, fragrant environment.
Candles make a beautiful addition to any decor.
Candles make a great gift for family, loved ones and friends.
Candles make great all occasion gifts and are perfect for home decorating.
Candles make great gifts for any occasion.
Candles Make Great gifts of light.
Candles make great holiday gift.
Candles make great photo opportunities.
Candles make heat.
Candles make practical, reasonably priced favors that speak of New England's candlelit past.
Candles make the perfect gift.
Candles make the room.
Candles make wonderful gifts.
Candles manufactured in Canada and the United States are less likely to contain lead core wicks.
Candles Never use an open flame on a real or artificial tree.
Candles Never use lighted candles on a tree or near other evergreens.
Candles offer a quick and easy way to make a dramatic statement.
Candles only burn for awhile.
Candles placed around the home add a warm cozy feeling.
Candles placed inside a faux fireplace add a distinct focal point to the living room.
Candles present a special problem.
Candles produce flames.
Candles produce white to gray smoke, depending on density and lighting.
Candles provide soft lighting, in competition with stars visible through the open roof.
Candles reflect in a mirror to symbolize a bright future.
Candles release easily from the molds.
Candles represent the light of wisdom.
Candles require a highly refined product if they are to be acceptable.
Candles Rub onto nails as a lubricant for tight fits.
Candles seem to be a good idea for night time in the huts, just clean up any mess they make.
Candles sell easily.
Candles Sponge with a piece of cotton dipped in rubbing alcohol.
Candles stand for the truth of non-substantiality or the latent potential of life.
Candles support one or more combustible wicks.
Candles surround the bed.
Candles surrounded by glass are acceptable.
Candles symbolize the redemption of the Jewish people.
Candles symbolize warmth, romance and induce relaxation.
Candles too are a delight.
Candles use flames.
Candles vary from the very simple to the very complex.
Candles warm any room and make it feel like home.
Candles work especially nicely by the tub.
Candles work well since the flicker of the flame requires concentration.
Candles work well.
Candles work wonders.
Candles wrapped in washi paper add nihon flair to any room.
Candles always create warm atmosphere.
All candles are available in a wide variety of scents and colors.
All candles are custom made to order only.
All candles are handcrafted in the store's production area.
All candles are handmade from beeswax.
All candles are heavily scented and long burning.
All candles are long-burning and beautifully scented.
All candles are quality checked before leaving our premises.
All candles are slow burning, made with added beeswax and scents.
All candles are smokeless abd dripless.
All candles are the rich honey gold of natural beeswax.
All candles are triple scented to last from beginning to end.
All candles are unique as they are made with a process using different colors and wax textures.
All candles burn in liquid form.
All candles display a variety of flowers and greenery.
All candles emit soot.
Every candle is held to the strictest standards of quality and excellence.
Many candles are available at prices to fit about any budget.
Many candles are lit and many decorative lights are strung as people remember, teach and celebrate.
Many candles combined provide a great deal of light on a very dark time in our country s history.
Most candles are available in a variety of sizes.
Most candles burn gases.
Most candles cost more than other types of lamps.
Most candles make heat.
Most candles produce flames.
Most candles take about six hours to cool completely, depending on their size.
Most candles use flames.
Some candles come with pressed flowers, aromatic scent.
Some candles even contain lead, which can lead to air-quality problems.
Some candles made in other countries still do.
Candled chestnuts are another regional specialty.
Candlelight dinners are also available upon request.
Candlelight dinners are available as is gourmet picnic baskets for a romantic walk in the woods.
Candlelight dinners are our specialty .
Candlelight vigils are never happy.
Candlelight vigils are very dramatic.
Candlelight almost seems alive as the flame flickers, causing shadow and light to constantly change.
Candlelight breakfasts, special occasion and outdoor packages.
Candlelight casts a soft glow.
Candlelight diminishes visions of calories dancing in our heads.
Candlelight glows warmly through the handpressed and etched Swedish crystal.
Candlelight increases check averages and repeat business.
Candlelight is light
Candlelight is light.
Candlelight passes through the waterfall, bathing any room in a warm ethereal glow.
Candlelight passes through the waterfall, bathing any room in a warm, ethereal glow.
Candlelight starts off the evening with student readings and musical selections in the chapel.
Candlelight underskirt with candlelight diaper cover.
Candlelight vigils to remember victims.
Candlelight always makes the world look a lot nicer.
A candlemaker is a chandler
Candlemaker specializes in custom wedding candles.
Candlemakers are chandlers.
Some candlemakers even use a drill to make wick holes in hardened candles.
Some candlemakers prefer to use a mixture that shrinks completely away from the glass.
Candlepower is a measurement of light intensity.
Candlepower is intensity
Candlepower is often to measure the intensity of lamps that project light.
A candlestick is a holder
Candlestick isa holder.
Candlesticks allow for a quick read on changes in supply and demand.
Candlesticks are a unique and practical means to easily gauge buying and selling pressure.
Candlesticks are holders.
Candlesticks are located in tables.
Candlesticks can show whether the buyer or seller has control of the market.
Candlesticks have (part) sections.
Candlesticks made are like branches shooing out from the lampstand.
Candlesticks work especially well with bands.
Many candlesticks also require confirmation.
Many candlesticks remain today.
Some candlesticks use in lamps.
Candlewood Lake is a good example.
Candlewood Lake is just north.
A candlewood is a bush
Candlewood is a short car or cab ride from the heart of downtown dining and entertainment.
Candlewood is on right.
Candlewood is on the right.
Candlewood is perfect for business travelers staying a day, a week, or longer.
Candlewood specializes in offering more of an independent living arrangement.
Candlewoods are shrubs.
Candoia breeding is relatively easy.
Candor also requires a lack of prejudice.
Candor ends paranoia.
Candor ensure people can speak freely, contribute, and respect others.
Candor is a necessary prerequisite to creating a climate for effective leadership.
Candor is a preemptive strike that removes unspoken roadblocks and puts the interviewer at ease.
Candor is an essential ingredient in the establishment of that trust.
Candor is both dangerous and essential.
Candor is essential to building trust.
Candor is fine, but at times serves no purpose and can be counter-productive.
Candor is honesty.
Candor is in short supply.
Candor is no common virtue.
Candor is no guarantee of success, however.
Candor is nonpartisanship
Candor is perhaps the most important component of trust.
Candor is the key to self-knowledge.
Candor is truly incredible.
Candor is very important.
Candor is what seems to be in most short supply in American politics.
Candor makes the job so much clearer.
Candor offers such domain name registration and hosting services at reasonable fees.
Candor remains bright.
Candor works better than whitewashing or silence.
Candor's a kind of cover.
All candor goes.
Candour gives wings to strength.
Candour is honesty
A candy bar is candy
Candy bar is more like it.
Candy bars are available at all of our bloodmobiles and many of our booths throughout the county.
Candy bars are candy.
Candy bars are located in theaters.
Candy bars are often good choices, but get creative.
Candy bars are twenty cents straight.
Candy bars offer quick energy.
Many candy bars contain corn syrup.
Many candy bars have chocolate as the common ingredient.
Some candy bars contain peanuts.
A candy cane is candy
Candy canes are a surefire sign of the season and a cheerful symbol of the holidays ahead.
Candy canes are a very cyclical industry and are made to be a low cost candy.
Candy canes are candy.
Candy canes are shepherd s crooks.
Candy canes are sweets.
Candy canes come along, and ask where they can hang.
Candy canes given in an interesting bag or mug is the perfect gift for a friend with a sweet tooth.
Candy canes stink.
Some candy coatings are especially sensitive to temperature.
Candy color looks excellent in the sun.
Candy corn is a powerful drug.
Candy corn is candy
Candy corn is candy.
Candy corn is fat free.
Candy corn lends itself to both nibbling and snarfing.
Candy machines coat other nuts in chocolate.
Candy machines line the walls.
Candy makers are another resource.
Candy making can be fun for the entire family.
Candy making needs precise temperature monitoring and continuous stirring.
All candy money is turned in except for one person.
Candy sales are a way for kids to play without their families incurring the full cost.
Candy sales continue to climb.
A candy store is a store
Candy store is held three times a session.
Candy stores are popular businesses in all three classrooms.
A candy striper is a volunteer
Candy stripers perform a wide variety of duties.
Candies adapt well to microwave cooking.
Candies are colorful.
Candies are inexpensive and give people something to suck on.
Candies are nice and still fit in a jar.
Candies become ornaments, licorice garland etc.
Candies is a maker of shoes and clothing for teen girls.
Candies only bring sugar.
Candies upset blood sugar level, which can aggravate smoking-withdrawal symptoms.
Candy admits to being a geek and a loser in high school.
Candy begins when the water or other liquid is supersaturated with the solute, usually sucrose.
Candy can be harmful to pets and chocolate is toxic to cats, dogs and ferrets.
Candy combines both consumer needs and packaging.
Candy comes to Hollywood and is immediately pounced upon by a wacky talent agent.
Candy contains chocolate.
Candy does double duty in more ways than one.
Candy does have some great one-liners, though.
Candy drops for little kids.
Candy enjoys going to rallies and meeting other balloon people.
Candy gives a sudden lift, but that is quickly followed by an abrupt crash in blood sugar.
Candy gives the summary.
Candy has sugar.
Candy includes chocolate, gummy, sour, traditional, bubble gum, interactive candy toys.
Candy is always good at ten to midnight.
Candy is confection
Candy is exempt, but soda is taxed.
Candy is expensive in Italy as compared with the States.
Candy is food.
Candy is inexpensive and offers a child many choices.
Candy is inexpensive.
Candy is junk food.
Candy is located in boxs.
Candy is located in desktops.
Candy is located in jars.
Candy is located in malls.
Candy is located in movies.
Candy is located in purses.
Candy is located in shops.
Candy is located in shows.
Candy is located in stores.
Candy is located in supermarkets.
Candy is located in theaters.
Candy is located in theatres.
Candy is made of chocolate.
Candy is ready if it cracks when tapped on counter.
Candy is snacks.
Candy is sweet and so are sweethearts.
Candy is sweets.
Candy isa delicacy.
Candy isa goody.
Candy loves that they added a clown nightmare because millions of people have real clown fear.
Candy Making For a candy making surface that can take the heat, use a sheet of foil.
Candy Necklaces ea.
Candy needs to be bought and bagged.
Candy needs to be made on a dry day.
Candy offends everyone else by the use of hunky dory .
Candy offers to do look ups.
Candy plays one of a team of bungling New York cops trying to make sense of the crime.
Candy posts regularly on r.t.c.
Candy provides clinic-based treatment, evaluation, and consultation.
Candy provides handy snacks.
Candy provides snacks.
Candy puts on a birthday hat for absolutely no reason.
Candy rains down from old carriages.
Candy resides in North Little Rock and is a student pilot.
Candy seems to be the most popular prize.
Candy serves in the novel as a bridge between the two cultures.
Candy smokes cigarettes a few times.
Candy synopsizes the first two episodes.
Candy tastes better when it goes down without severing the throat.
Candy tastes delicious until outer shell wears off.
Candy tastes good.
Candy teaches classes of all levels from introductory through competition agility.
Candy tends to find a spot, mark, or crack to stare at and 'disappear inside' that thing.
Candy tries to be a marshal in more ways than one.
Candy tries to make a joke, but it flops.
Candy wishes everyone on the East Coast a happy lunch time.
All candy goes in top cupboard above microwave counter.
All candy is a no-no.
Most candy contains chocolate.
Most candy is made of chocolate.
Most candy provides handy snacks.
Most candy provides minimal nutritional benefits and can help develop a pattern of unhealthy eating.
Most candy provides snacks.
Some candies are good no matter what the age of the recipient.
Some candy contains marijuana.
Some candy has markets.
Some candy has surfaces.
Some candy have a lot of carbohydrates - like chocolate.
Some candy helps dental health.
Some candy helps health.
Some candy makes from flour.
Some candy makes from white flour.
All cane reduction needs to be done carefully and gradually.
Cane toad tadpoles have bellies.
Cane toad tadpoles have dark bellies.
Cane toads eat a wide variety of prey, compete for food and have highly toxic chemical defences.
Cane toads eat both plant and animal matter, and love their sex lives.
Cane toads have legs.
Cane toads live in open habitats and are active during the day, just like the meat ants.
Most cane toads have legs.
Some cane toads earn reputations.
A cane is a stick
Cane isa implement.
Canes appear overly large and purple or deep red in color.
Canes arch over into the rows and can be damaged by tractors and pickers unless wired up.
Canes are available with the handle only.
Canes are biennial, growing one year and flowering and fruiting the next year.
Canes are biennial.
Canes are blighted, dry up, and die back.
Canes are cooled and placed in sterilized sphagnum moss un- til new growth starts.
Canes are devices.
Canes are erect and harvest season last longer than other blackberries.
Canes are erect or semi-erect, and in cultivation are supported on a trellis.
Canes are flexible and arching, reaching eight feet or so in length.
Canes are girdled.
Canes are hardy to the tip.
Canes are indeed thorny.
Canes are moderately vigorous with few thorns.
Canes are moderately vigorous, sturdy, winter hardy and very productive.
Canes are nearly thornless.
Canes are numerous, moderately strong, upright and spiny.
Canes are particularly helpful for pain caused by knee or hip arthritis.
Canes are red and nearly thornless.
Canes are slender and trailing, and generally are less thorny than blackberries.
Canes are slightly angular, internodes short, tendrils intermittent and simple.
Canes are stalks.
Canes are sticks.
Canes are strongly upright and growth is vigorous.
Canes are switchs.
Canes are thorneless and very pliable.
Canes are thornless and extremely vigorous.
Canes are thorny.
Canes are upright and thornless.
Canes are upright and thorny.
Canes are used for holds.
Canes are used for support.
Canes are vigorous and heavily thorned.
Canes are virtually thornless, and the shiny, green foliage remains fairly clean from blackspot.
Canes are well-covered with red prickles, and the foliage is dark green.
Canes are winter-killed.
Canes break easily.
Canes can come with, or be fitted with a myriad of tips for different feels when walking.
Canes circum casa clam currit.
Canes come in a wide variety of designs.
Canes come in different styles and shapes.
Canes come in many sizes and shapes, and the pattern can be adapted to fit most variations.
Canes fold, telescope, or are rigid.
Canes fruit only in the summer of their second year.
Canes generally bloom heavily for only two or three seasons.
Canes grow from the crown one year, fruit the following season, then die.
Canes grow horizontally over the ground s surface.
Canes have (part) sections.
Canes have leaves.
Canes have the potential of producing several sprays from the upper leaf axils.
Canes help a lot.
CANEs is an execution environment that provides a composable active networking environment.
Canes make statement .
Canes produce fruit.
Canes produce vegetative growth the first summer and form flower buds in the fall.
Canes root where they touch the soil allowing the plant to spread.
Canes turn brown and soften in cold storage.
Canes turn deep red with the coming of cold weather.
Canes weakened by galls are more subject to winter injury.
Canes often turn blue as the disease proceeds up the canes.
All canes come with rubber tips.
All canes meet hospital standards and come in one length.
Every cane has an individual theme.
Every cane is killed to the ground.
Many canes have hidden tools.
Many canes have vinyl handgrips and push-button adjustments that lock in place.
Most canes have leaves.
Most canes produce fruit.
Some canes come in contact.
Some canes have fruit.
Some canes have purposes.
Some canes produce berries.
Caneadea soils have an aquic moisture regime.
A canebrake is a thicket
Canebrakes are extremely valuable as feed and cover for wildlife, including birds.
Canebrakes are so dense and vast as to typically exclude any other plants.
Canebrakes have more dark markings and they usually have a middorsal stripe.
A canfield is patience
Canfield also finds playwrights struggling with issues of race and colonialism.
Canfield considers several sub genres of tragedy.
Canfield has extensive production experience as actor, director, stage manager, and dramaturg.
Canfield is a general contractor and, by all accounts, a very nice man.
Canfield is a regents' professor of English and former Arizona professor of the year.
Canfield is interested in making the soybean board more visible to Indiana farmers.
Canfield is the word man.
Canfield points out that training in alchemy has always been by secret apprenticeship.
Canfield possesses two things the city wants.
Canfields are solitaire.
A canid is a carnivore
Canids are a group of carnivores that includes dogs, wolves, foxes, coyotes, jackals.
Canids are the most vocal of the carnivores, having a variety of barks, howls and whines.
Canids are typically fast runners, and are able to sustain high speeds over long distances.
Canids have deep-chested bodies and a long muzzle.
Canids only have four toes.
Canine companions to live healthy life.
Canine companions to live life.
Canine distemper affects the central nervous system.
Canine distemper has a very high morbidity and mortality in populations of infected dogs.
Canine distemper is a common disease and is usually fatal.
Canine distemper is a different disease caused by another virus.
Canine distemper is a highly contagious disease caused by a tiny virus.
Canine distemper is a highly contagious disease caused by a virus.
Canine distemper is a highly contagious, systemic, viral disease of dogs seen worldwide.
Canine distemper is a leading cause of death in young dogs.
Canine distemper is a member of the parymyxovirus class.
Canine distemper is a very contagious viral disease that predominantly strikes young dogs.
Canine distemper is a viral infection.
Canine distemper is a virus that causes brain infections and sometimes death.
Canine distemper is also a viral disease, spread by direct or indirect contact.
Canine distemper is an airborne disease that is highly contagious to domestic ferrets.
Canine distemper is common when raccoon populations are large.
Canine distemper is distemper
Canine distemper is extremely contagious.
Canine distemper is fatal for Black-footed Ferrets and it has decimated many populations.
Canine distemper is highly contagious and is related to the measles virus.
Canine distemper is species.
Canine distemper is the greatest disease threat to the dog population.
Canine distemper is thought always to be fatal to ferrets.
Canine distemper occurs wherever there are dogs.
Canine epilepsy is broadly divided into idiopathic and symptomatic disorders.
Canine leishmaniasis is resistant to therapy.
Canine lymphoma is very similar to non-Hodgkin type lymphomas in humans.
Canine parvovirus can affect a dog's heart.
Canine parvovirus is a highly contagious viral disease that can produce a life-threatening illness.
Canine parvovirus is a highly contagious viral disease that can produce life-threatening illness.
Canine parvovirus is a mutant strain of feline parvovirus.
Canine parvovirus is carried by dogs.
Canine parvovirus is very stable in the environment and very resistant to most disinfectants.
Canine reproduction is the process of sexual reproduction in domestic dogs .
A canine tooth is a tooth
Canine teeth are a good example of one form serving different functions.
Canine teeth are as a rule present only in the male sex in both jaws, and are small and conical.
Canine teeth are canine in name only.
Canine teeth are displayed by a tension yawn, as another threatening gesture.
Canine teeth are for killing.
Canine teeth are large but unspecialized.
Canine teeth are necessary to maintain tongue position, which is particularly important in dogs.
Canine teeth are sharp and pointed.
Canine teeth are the scary ones.
Canine teeth are typically absent or greatly reduced throughout the Proboscides.
Canine teeth are very large and cheek teeth are more jagged.
Canine teeth grasp prey and tear tough hides.
Canine teeth protrude from mouth in the terminal phase of both female and male sheepshead.
Some canine teeth contain poison.
A canine is a tooth
Canine cone transducin-gamma gene and cone degeneration in the cd dog.
Canine coughing treatment offers hope for cats.
Canine distemper in free-ranging carnivores from Germany.
Canine distemper is of no public health significance to humans.
Canine distemper virus more commonly causes disease in dogs and other species of land carnivore.
Canine explosives scent kit upgraded.
Canine link below.
Canine osteosarcoma is the most common skeletal neoplasm of pet dogs.
Canine parainfluenza virus-induced encephalitis in ferrets.
Canine rabies is prevalent in Africa, Asia, and Latin America.
Canine understand the concept of freedom, food, social contact and reproduction.
Canines are absent in the permanent dentition but present in the deciduous dentition.
Canines are absent, and a large diastema is present.
Canines are animals.
Canines are carnivores.
Canines are difficult to extract because of their long wide roots.
Canines are enlarged in carnivores and are used to catch prey.
Canines are large and long.
Canines are large, as are molars.
Canines are mammals.
Canines are naturally extremely social animals who thrive on company.
Canines are placental mammals.
Canines are powerful, well set and well apart.
Canines are quadrupeds.
Canines are smart and make great companions and protectors.
Canines are steady and enduring workers who enjoy detail and schedules.
Canines are terrestrial organisms.
Canines are the type of teeth, which help to hold and tear the food.
Canines are tooths.
Canines are used for cutting and tearing of food.
Canines are well-developed.
Canines are, for the most part, single functional teeth encompassing a broad, cone-like morphology.
Canines are, on the average, far more physiologically viable circulatory specimens than man.
Canines can be a very big time saving tool.
Canines can model behavior.
Canines darker mesially and more translucent laterally.
Canines differ in size between males and females.
Canines erupt within the first month.
Canines even forecast earthquakes.
Canines feature prominently in all three stories.
Canines figure prominently throughout each segment of the film.
Canines fit well against each other, to give greatest available holding and punishing powers.
Canines gradually grind it away, rather than breaking off chunks.
Canines have a definite instinct to hide out in dens.
Canines have a record of heroism approaching that of humans.
Canines have one cusp.
Canines have the ability to detect and discriminate scents at low levels.
Canines have twenty-six blood types.
Canines have very long roots.
Canines help chevrotains to dig out and crush an egg.
Canines make particularly interesting passengers.
Canines meet into a lock.
Canines perceive the sideways stance as less threatening in general.
Canines produce no harmful methane or effluent.
Canines use body language as a primary means of communication besides smell.
Canines often fail to see the positive side of life.
Canines often fear, and exhibit stress responses to, loud noises.
All canine stars wear professionally designed costumes, similar to Las Vegas styles.
All canines are current on all shots and are on heartworm prevention.
All canines belong to one species and share a common genome.
All canines live with their handlers and stay at the handlers' homes when off duty.
Every canine gets testy, every canine has a bad day.
Most canines thrive when given basic obedience training.
Some canines retrieve instinctively, while others take a little coaching.
Caning are hitting.
A canistel is a fruit tree
Canistels are rich in niacin and carotene and have a fair amount of ascorbic acid.
Canister filters do have some drawbacks.
A canister is ammunition
Canister charging with fuel vapors is a normal function, especially during hot ambient conditions.
Canisters are a big part of the new system.
Canisters are available at local businesses.
Canisters are available at most home-department stores.
Canisters are available to rent or buy from the Curry Village Mountain Shop in Yosemite Valley.
Canisters are by far the preferred method of food storage throughout the backcountry.
Canisters are containers.
Canisters are factory sealed and non-refillable.
Canisters are for rent or sale at many local backpacking and sporting goods stores.
Canisters are leak-tested, evacuated and shipped under vacuum.
Canisters are well suited for hard floors, vinyl, and tile.
Canisters have an indefinate shelf life.
Canisters have an indefinite shelf life.
Canisters have micropores, tiny holes that contain the desiccant and prevent leaks.
Canisters shoot from the tank's turret spewing tear gas.
Canisters usually hold two gallons, which means less time spent filling tanks.
All canisters are lead shielded in order to avoid any kind of transport risks.
All canisters have provision for nitrogen purge, vents and drains.
Some canisters have a replaceable filter but many require the complete canister to be replaced.
Canker sore is illnesses.
Canker sore is ulcer
Canker sores can be very painful and uncomfortable, sometimes making it difficult to eat.
Canker sores can be very painful, especially if they are touched repeatedly, e.g., by the tongue.
Canker sores can make the simple pleasures of eating food and kissing a loved one unbearable.
Canker sores occur in the mouth.
Canker sores occur most often in females for some reason.
Canker sores occur most often in females.
Canker sores range in size from as small as a pinhead to as large as a quarter.
Many canker sores are the result of gluten intolerance.
A canker is a plant disease
Cankers allow the bacterium to overwinter.
Cankers also cause such symptoms, and are sometimes confused with winter injury.
Cankers appear as water soaked diseased areas, turn brown, shrivel and often girdle the stem.
Cankers appear as watersoaked diseased areas, turn brown, shrivel and often girdle the stem.
Cankers appear elliptical along the length of the stem.
Cankers are a serious problem because they can girdle and kill limbs or the entire plant.
Cankers are a source of inoculum which can initiate leaf, fruit, and wood infections.
Cankers are also common in nurseries and plantations where the plants are grown closely together.
Cankers are dark and depressed areas of dead bark and wood on main leaders and branches.
Cankers are diseases that attack the bark of trees.
Cankers are inconspicuous, with little or no bark deformation.
Cankers are most common on trees and shrubs under stress.
Cankers are places where the bark and wood have died.
Cankers are plant diseases.
Cankers are sunken areas in the bark that gradually get larger.
Cankers are typically sunken areas that are dark brown to purplish in color.
Cankers are ulcer.
Cankers are usually at the base of the plant, but can be a few feet aboveground.
Cankers become active in early spring as temperatures warm and buds begin to develop.
Cankers become elongated and sunken with ridges of callus tissue.
Cankers begin as small sunken areas and increase slowly in size.
Cankers can cause foliage to turn yellow or brown and wilt.
Cankers can coalesce to M smaller shrubs within a year.
Cankers can develop and branches show dieback.
Cankers can develop on twigs, branches, or the main trunk.
Cankers can enlarge with age and become darker and rough-textured and retard plant growth.
Cankers can form on twigs, but they are rare.
Cankers can girdle and kill individual branches or twigs.
Cankers can girdle and kill stems.
Cankers can reach several feet in length.
Cankers can sometimes be one of the symptoms manifested by another disease.
Cankers can weaken the stem.
Cankers cause dieback of branches and kill trees if the trunk is infected.
Cankers develop at or near the soil line, restricting water and food movement.
Cankers develop in the fall after dormancy sets in.
Cankers develop on main trunk near ground level.
Cankers develop on twigs, branches, and trunk as the disease progresses.
Cankers develop on young tree trunks.
Cankers develop slowly and can take four months to girdle a stem.
Cankers develop when the pathogen kills the phloem and vascular cambium in a woody host.
Cankers enlarge more along the length than the width of the branch.
Cankers enlarge yearly until the limb or trunk is completely girdled.
Cankers enlarge, girdle the stem before harvest, and kill the plants.
Cankers eventually develop from branch or blossom infections.
Cankers exhibit a scaly, papery outer bark that is often orange .
Cankers exhibit a scaly, papery outer bark that is often orange.
Cankers form at the base of blighted twigs and spurs.
Cankers form on stems, branches and in branch axils causing dieback of shoots.
Cankers form where the disease enters a large branch or trunk.
Cankers generally develop only on stressed or weakened trees.
Cankers generally develop rapidly on winter-injured trees.
Cankers girdle and kill the cane.
Cankers girdle and kill twigs and branches.
Cankers girdle the tree and can kill saplings while lopping branches off older trees.
Cankers gradually enlarge until infected limbs are girdled and then die.
Cankers have a definite margin between the live and dead wood.
Cankers infect, girdle, and kill branches.
Cankers kill the cambium and girdle the stem.
Cankers later become rough and crack open.
Cankers progress farther following severe winters than after mild ones.
Cankers start as depressed areas on the bark which quickly girdle twigs, branches, or trunks.
Cankers tend to form lower down first and then progress upwards throughout the canopy.
Cankers then form on the stem causing wilting of the branch tip.
Cankers widen each year, and often coalesce, girdling the tree or branch.
Cankers frequently start at wounds or where a young shoot comes out of a cane.
Cankers often appear on plants weakened due to black spot.
Cankers often girdle the stems causing the foli- age beyond to wilt and die.
Cankers often show zoned ridges.
Cankers usually have distinct margins between dead and living tissues.
All cankers weaken the tree resulting in limbs breaking during high winds.
Many cankers crack open, exposing the wood beneath.
Most cankers start from poorly healed branch stubs.
A cankerworm is a caterpillar
Cankerworms are also abundant on oak in southeastern New York and Long Island.
Cankerworms are caterpillars.
Cankerworms belong to the moth family Geometridae, also known as inchworms for their looping walk.
Cankerworms drop to the ground and burrow into the soil when full grown.
Cankerworms eat tree and shrub foliage.
Cankerworms feed on a wide variety of deciduous trees including oak, ash, elm, linden and apple.
Cankerworms feed on chestnut .
Cankerworms feed on hawthorn foliage during the spring.
Cankerworms pose a threat to broad leaf trees.
Cankerworms travel down from the trees, hanging on silken threads.
A canna lily is a canna
Canna lilies look fabulous in glazed pot used as a focal point.
A canna is a herb
Cannas also make great garden plants in the summer.
Cannas are also available in taller cultivars.
Cannas are extremely heavy feeders that also like full sun and lots of heat.
Cannas are herbs.
Cannas are large plants and do well during the heat of summer.
Cannas are plants.
Cannas are relatively easy care summer bulbs.
Cannas can stay in the soil through the winter, but cut the old flower stalks to the soil level.
Cannas grow and flower best when planted in full sun.
Cannas grow well in pots, along with species geraniums and pelargoniums.
Cannas grow wild along country roads throughout the Mediterranean area.
Cannas have fabulous foliage.
Cannas love full sun and hot weather.
Cannas love full sun.
Cannas love moisture so much they can be potted and placed in pools of water.
Cannas multiply rapidly in full sun and moist, well-composted soils.
Cannas offer exotic tropical foliage and wide range of flora colors.
Cannas range from ivory and yellow through rose and salmon to crimson and scarlet.
Cannas require full sun and good drainage.
Cannas thrive at the edge of a pond and even can be planted in pots placed underwater.
Cannas thrive in the summer heat and prefer full sun and a rich, moist or wet soil.
Most cannas also have the brightly colored flowers so desirable in creating a tropical effect.
Cannabis consumption is for adults only.
Cannabis cultivation is environmentally friendly.
Cannabis drugs are obtainable from the flowing tops or leaves of the plant.
Cannabis intoxication leads to reduced concentration, slower reflexes and coordination.
Cannabis legalization is a civil and human rights issue as well.
Cannabis oil can also help heal sunburn overnight.
Cannabis prohibition is one such evil.
Cannabis prohibition leads to increased hard drug abuse.
Cannabis resin is loaded with proven neuro-protecting compounds.
Cannabis seeds are brownish and rather hard.
Cannabis seeds are planted and germinate in three to seven days.
Cannabis smoking is essentially a victimless crime.
A cannabis is a bush
Cannabis acts chiefly on the central nervous system.
Cannabis actually yields more mass per acre than most forests.
Cannabis affects almost every bodily system.
Cannabis affects almost every body system.
Cannabis also grows wild in much of Kyrgyzstan.
Cannabis also has immunosuppresant and endocrine effects.
Cannabis also has mild hallucinogenic effects.
Cannabis appears in different forms.
Cannabis appears to be less of a threat to health and good order than alcohol.
Cannabis belongs to no government or private entity.
Cannabis can affect hormone production.
Cannabis can also cause poor coordination, a reduced attention span and short term memory loss.
Cannabis can also have mild hallucinogenic effects.
Cannabis can also interfere with ovulation in women.
Cannabis can be therapeutic.
Cannabis can cause hallucinations.
Cannabis can cause mental illness among some.
Cannabis can make some users more nervous, dizzy or very upset.
Cannabis can sometimes induce schizophrenia-like symptoms in people.
Cannabis causes increased appetite and bloodshot eyes and can affect sensory perception.
Cannabis causes lack of motivation.
Cannabis causes memory loss.
Cannabis causes people to be calm and peaceful, unlike alcohol which often causes violence.
Cannabis causes road accidents.
Cannabis comes in several different forms.
Cannabis contains a chemical that can protect cells by acting as an antioxidant, a new study shows.
Cannabis contains a number of identifiable constituents.
Cannabis contains a significant amount of tar, and is usually smoked with tobacco.
Cannabis contains chemicals called cannabinoids that are unique to the cannabis plant.
Cannabis continues to be banned.
Cannabis continues to be the drug most commonly abused in Canada, Mexico and the United States.
Cannabis continues to be the most commonly abused drug in the United States, Canada and Mexico.
Cannabis grown in Cambodia is shipped to Thailand.
Cannabis grows over a wide variety of geographic terrains, altitudes and latitudes.
Cannabis has few health risks even when used regularly for long periods.
Cannabis has medicinal effects or can make people high.
Cannabis has no known toxicity.
Cannabis has no such unpleasant side effects when prescribed in therapeutic doses.
Cannabis has psychoactive and physiological effects when consumed.
Cannabis helps one deal with pain better than opioids.
Cannabis however lowers intraocular pressures dramatically, with none of the serious side effects.
Cannabis is a beneficial plant with a wide variety of uses.
Cannabis is a big plant topic.
Cannabis is a bliss.
Cannabis is a completely separate drug, used in completely different surroundings.
Cannabis is a depressant drug that also has some mild hallucinogenic properties.
Cannabis is a 'depressant' drug.
Cannabis is a depressant drug.
Cannabis is a dioecious plant.
Cannabis is a drug that comes from the cannabis sativa plant.
Cannabis is a drug.
Cannabis is a fast-growing bushy annual that sprouts dense, sticky flowers, or what are called buds.
Cannabis is a gateway drug.
Cannabis is a graceful and beautiful herb.
Cannabis is a hallucinogen .
Cannabis is a healing herb.
Cannabis is a Latin word meaning hemp.
Cannabis is a lot stronger than it was.
Cannabis is a medicinal herb.
Cannabis is a medicinal wild flower.
Cannabis is a much less violent provoking substance than alcohol.
Cannabis is a plant that can be reproduced either sexually or asexually.
Cannabis is a plant, given to man, like all plants, for our use and survival.
Cannabis is a popular weed which is smoked or inhaled through the mouth parts by a sucking motion.
Cannabis is a tall annual plant that needs sunlight or lighting.
Cannabis is a tall, erect, annual herb.
Cannabis is a term that refers to marijuana and other drugs made from the plant.
Cannabis is a term that refers to marijuana and other drugs made from the same plant.
Cannabis is a unique drug.
Cannabis is a very ancient crop.
Cannabis is a weed in the wild that adapts to many climates.
Cannabis is a well known painkiller.
Cannabis is addictive.
Cannabis is allmost harmless.
Cannabis is also effective when administered rectally.
Cannabis is also far less costly than pharmaceutical alternatives.
Cannabis is also illegal as it is considered a gate way drug to harder substances.
Cannabis is also present in Turkmenistan.
Cannabis is an annual , dioecious , flowering herb .
Cannabis is an annual plant.
Cannabis is an antiemetic, a drug that relieves nausea and allows patients to eat and live normally.
Cannabis is an effective medicine for a wide range of conditions.
Cannabis is an herb bearing seed.
Cannabis is an herb.
Cannabis is at least as dirty as tobacco smoke, from the point of view of the lungs.
Cannabis is but one strand of it.
Cannabis is by far the most common illegal drug found in the bloodstream of road accident victims.
Cannabis is cultivated in small amounts for local use.
Cannabis is different.
Cannabis is dioecious, i.e. individual plants are either male or female.
Cannabis is easily and cheaply available in most of the larger Dutch cities.
Cannabis is everywhere.
Cannabis is food, food is medicine.
Cannabis is generally available to whoever seeks it out.
Cannabis is grown in rural areas throughout the country.
Cannabis is grown throughout the country, primarily for domestic consumption.
Cannabis is illegal.
Cannabis is intermixed with corn and soybean crops, making it visible only from the air.
Cannabis is just slang like any other word.
Cannabis is legal in Holland.
Cannabis is less harmful than alcohol.
Cannabis is mainly smoked and less often inhaled or eaten.
Cannabis is more carcinogenic than tobacco and is likely to cause more cancer.
Cannabis is more popularly known as marijuana.
Cannabis is more profitable than any other cash crop.
Cannabis is native to the mountainous areas of central and south Asia.
Cannabis is naturally resistant to most insects and plant diseases.
Cannabis is necessary for the treatment of the patient's condition.
Cannabis is nontoxic.
Cannabis is on the wrong side of the dividing line.
Cannabis is one more tool.
Cannabis is one of nature's best examples of survival of the fittest.
Cannabis is one of the few annuals that tends to have separate male and female plants.
Cannabis is one of the first plants cultivated by man and one of the most versatile.
Cannabis is presented as marijuana, hashish, or hashish oil.
Cannabis is probably native to central Asia.
Cannabis is second only to alcohol for causing impaired driving and motor vehicle accidents.
Cannabis is similar to tomatoes.
Cannabis is smoked in 'joints' with or without tobacco.
Cannabis is smoked or ingested with food.
Cannabis is still intimately involved in a symbiotic relationship with humans.
Cannabis is the best relaxant of muscles short of morphine.
Cannabis is the botanical term for pot.
Cannabis is the hemp plant from which marijuana and hashish are made.
Cannabis is the Latin name for hemp plants.
Cannabis is the most abused drug in the United Kingdom.
Cannabis is the most beneficial and versatile plant known to humanity.
Cannabis is the most beneficial and versatile plant resource known to humanity.
Cannabis is the most frequently used illegal drug.
Cannabis is the most widely abused drug in France.
Cannabis is the most widely used illegal psychoactive drug in North America.
Cannabis is the most widely used of narcotic drugs.
Cannabis is the only annual with male and female flowers on separate plants.
Cannabis is the only illicit crop cultivated in Paraguay, and is harvested throughout the year.
Cannabis is the only illicit crop cultivated in Paraguay, and it is harvested throughout the year.
Cannabis is the only illicit drug known to be cultivated in Australia.
Cannabis is the principal illicit substance of abuse in Canada.
Cannabis is the technical name for marijuana.
Cannabis is the third most widely used drug after tobacco and alcohol.
Cannabis is the world's most valuable medical and industrial raw material.
Cannabis is used by a minority, and mostly against the law.
Cannabis is used by peoples around the world for sacred and spiritual purposes.
Cannabis is used for a wide variety of purposes.
Cannabis is used mainly as a social drug.
Cannabis is used to make hemp rope and is the oldest cultivated nonfood plant.
Cannabis is what is known as an annual plant.
Cannabis leads to hard drugs.
Cannabis loses out when people choose to see it as a moral issue.
Cannabis needs to be legalized.
Cannabis needs to be taken away from the criminals and the thrill of illegality removed.
Cannabis produces a characteristic intoxication pattern in dogs.
Cannabis produces dose-related tachycardia, vasodilation and reddening of the conjunctivae.
Cannabis produces no withdrawal symptoms no matter how heavily it is smoked.
Cannabis provides pain relief for a number of serious conditions, including multiple sclerosis.
Cannabis raises the heart rate and can put pressure on a weak heart.
Cannabis reduces alcohol consumption.
Cannabis reduces concentration and co-ordination, impairs judgement and causes drowsiness.
Cannabis reduces pain and helps cancer patients sleep and rest.
Cannabis relives the pain, and gives relief from muscle spasm.
Cannabis remains illegal and as such possession is a breach of the law.
Cannabis remains illegal in the vast majority of the world's countries.
Cannabis remains the most abused illicit drug in the region.
Cannabis remains the most common drug abused in Canada, Mexico and the United States.
Cannabis remains the most common drug of abuse in Canada, Mexico and the United States.
Cannabis remains the most commonly abused drug in that country.
Cannabis remains the most commonly abused drug in the region.
Cannabis remains the most popular drug, followed by powder cocaine and Ecstasy.
Cannabis remains the most widely trafficked drug.
Cannabis remains the principal illicit substance of abuse in Canada.
Cannabis seems a virtual factory for the production of secondary metabolic compounds.
Cannabis sees a rosy future for cannabis in England.
Cannabis slows down reaction time and impairs driving.
Cannabis suppresses the immune system of the body causing cancer.
Cannabis tends to cause an increase in heart rate, reddening of the eyes, and dryness in the mouth.
Cannabis transits Ireland en route to continental Europe and the United Kingdom.
Cannabises are good.
Cannabises are located in gardens.
Cannabises are part of cannabises.
Cannabises are plants.
Cannabises are shrubs.
Cannabises are soft drugs.
Cannabises are used for pleasure.
Cannabis usually causes no tolerance or withdrawal symptoms except in heavy users.
All cannabis distributed by our organization is grown within the State of California.
Most cannabis is cultivated intentionally and can be grown either indoors or out.
Canned air is also good for cleaning stereo components and other electronics.
Canned air is also helpful for blowing off accumulated dust inside the slot on CD cart machines.
Canned air seems to blow it into the cracks.
Canned apricots are a simple solution.
Canned apricots are nutritionally comparable to their fresh and frozen counterparts.
Canned apricots have only half the vitamin C and beta- carotene as fresh.
Canned bacon is just that bacon that has been sliced and then put into a can.
Canned beans are faster to make than dried beans.
Canned beans are probably safer, because they are thoroughly cooked.
Canned beans are quick, convenient, affordable and healthy.
Canned beans are the short time alternative.
Canned beans make fast work of boosting a menu s fiber count.
Canned beans make fast work of boosting a menu's fiber count.
Canned beans make summertime cooking easy and cool.
Canned beans produce less gas, but are often loaded with salt.
Canned beer is an even more recently introduced new beverage.
Canned beets are OK, but fresh beets are so much better, even though they are more trouble.
Canned blueberries are small and very expensive.
Canned briefs are commercially prepared briefs of cases.
Canned broth is better.
Canned cheese is bad for internal combustion engines.
Canned chestnuts can be a bad choice.
Canned chiles are available in the international food section and the Hispanic section.
Canned chiles are best if eaten within one year.
Canned chipotles are acceptable in most recipes.
Canned clams are great with pasta or in soups.
Canned coffee is vended hot or cold and in many different styles.
Canned coffees use robusta beans as part of their blend, which makes the coffee taste bitter.
Canned coffees use robusta coffee beans, which often contain a bitter after taste.
Canned corn is the usual bait.
Canned fish containing bones, such as salmon and sardines, are extremely good sources.
Canned fish includes herring and sardines in oil, caviar and crab.
Canned fish is inexpensive and can be used in salads and sandwiches.
Canned fish is the main product, while edible fat reported a dramatic decline in recent years.
Canned fish is the most mature market and, while sales continue to rise, growth is slow.
Canned fish mashed without the bones is a good source of protein.
Canned fish provides more calcium than fresh-cooked fish.
Most canned fish is quite high in salt.
Canned food can make a useful contribution to a balanced diet in the older patient.
Canned food is a food product
Canned food is all right, but disinfect the can before opening.
Canned food is also available.
Canned food is an excellent source of moisture and necessary nutrients.
Canned food is convenience food.
Canned food is foodstuff.
Canned food is located in cabinets.
Canned food is located in cellars.
Canned food is located in cupboards.
Canned food is located in fairgrounds.
Canned food is located in grocery stores.
Canned food is located in pantries.
Canned food is located in shelfs.
Canned food is located in stores.
Canned food is often more palatable for a cat with a dulled sense of smell or dental issues.
Canned food is processed moist food that comes in a great variety of flavors, textures, and shapes.
Canned food is stored on the decks of sleeping compartments beneath thick rubber mats.
Canned food provides food if the power goes out.
Canned food sealed with lead solder also represent a danger.
Canned food tends to go bad too quickly for the feeding habits of ferrets.
Canned foods are a convenient source of vitamins and other nutrients.
Canned foods are also acceptable.
Canned foods are always high in sodium.
Canned foods are as nutritious as fresh and frozen foods.
Canned foods are at the high end of the scale, with canned soups at the top of the list.
Canned foods are best.
Canned foods are better than foods in glass bottles or jars because they won t break in a disaster.
Canned foods are equally as nutritious as their fresh and frozen counterparts.
Canned foods are generally safe to eat.
Canned foods are generally safe.
Canned foods are more than a relic dug from the past.
Canned foods are most likely to survive the damage of a flood or earthquake and still be usable.
Canned foods are relatively inexpensive, and water is readily available.
Canned foods are the softest and most palatable of all dog foods.
Canned foods are three-fourths water and thus cost more for the same amount of nutrients.
Canned foods are usually safe because they contain no oxygen.
Canned foods are very convenient.
Canned foods can contribute to overall diet, provided they are nutrient dense.
Canned foods can pick up moisture if placed directly on a concrete floor.
Canned foods can result in increased fluid intake and more dilute urine.
Canned foods can significantly speed up the development of plaque and periodontal disease.
Canned foods contain water, so they are bulky and heavy.
Canned foods have a storage life of up to four years.
Canned foods have already been cooked during processing, so they are ready to eat as they are.
Canned foods have an almost infinite shelf life, safely-speaking.
Canned foods have an infinite shelf-life.
Canned foods have little to no nutritional value left.
Canned foods keep almost indefinitely as long as cans are undamaged.
Canned foods make convenient weights.
Canned foods offer a change and are just as nutritious.
Most canned food contains bisphenol A, study finds'.
Canned fruit can have other disadvantages.
Canned fruit fits well in lunch boxes or makes a great dessert when topped with yogurt or ice cream.
Canned fruit is also a great way to get fruit servings.
Canned fruit is an example.
Canned fruit is available at the salad bar at lunch and dinner.
Canned fruit is fine.
Canned fruit is located in jars.
Canned fruit is located in pantries.
Canned fruit packed in juice can also be easy on the wallet when fresh produce gets too pricey.
Canned fruit packed in juice is preferable to that packed in syrup.
Canned fruit tends to have too much processed sugar.
Canned fruits are fine, because they have been processed.
Canned fruits are lower in vitamins, nutrients and antioxidants.
Canned fruits packed in their own juice or without added sugar are also a fast snack.
Canned good is located in pantries.
Canned goods are acceptable.
Canned goods are relatively cheap, but things like imported cheese and meat are costly.
Canned goods are way on the other side of the store, over by the dairy sections and frozen food.
Canned goods are wise beyond their years.
Canned goods bring convenience and creativity to the table.
Canned goods can actually be more nutritious than fresh foods.
Canned goods can go to the local food pantry.
Canned goods have a normal shelf life of one year for maximum freshness.
Canned goods have a normal shelf-life of one year for maximum freshness.
Canned goods have long shelf lives.
Canned goods keep well beyond the printed shelf life.
Canned goods line the shelves as in any supermarket, but the language barrier can present problems.
Canned goods made by Amish women in the area are popular.
Canned goods store well and can be prepared without a lot of effort.
Most canned goods are water-packed.
Canned gravies are also available .
Canned gravies are also available.
Canned ham is a boneless cured ham section that is canned, vacuum-sealed, and then fully cooked.
Canned ham is the secret for a quick version of old-fashioned scalloped potatoes and ham.
Canned hams have more real meat than bacon, are precooked and have less grease.
Some canned hams are shelf stable.
A canned hunt is a hunting
Canned hunts are morally repugnant, ethically indefensible, and blatantly cruel.
Canned letters get canned responses or no response at all.
Canned longans are very acceptable and the taste is considered better than canned lychees.
Canned lychees are readily available.
Canned mandarin oranges.
Canned margarine is harder to find.
Canned mealworms are processed in a way that locks in their nutrients and juices.
Canned meat is a food product
Canned meat is canned food.
Canned meat is cooked and often cured or spiced.
Canned meats are a good selection.
Canned meats are popular due to a lack of refrigeration.
Canned milk is covered in the next section , under caned goods.
Canned milk keeps safely for no more than two hours after the can is opened.
Canned mushrooms are available in several forms including whole, chopped, sliced and caps only.
Canned music is like processed food.
Canned music is set low enough to talk over.
Canned music plays loudly in the background.
Canned peaches are available, sliced or in halves, packed either in sugar syrup or water.
Canned peaches show generally lower residues than fresh product.
Canned pineapple freezes well, as do grapes, washed and packed in plastic bags.
Canned pineapple is an acceptable substitute for fresh in many recipes.
Canned pineapple is consumed throughout the world.
Canned pineapples top the list of Thailand's exports of canned fruit.
Most canned pineapple is imported, primarily from the Philippines, Thailand, and Indonesia.
Canned potatoes allow for reduced cooking time.
Canned potatoes go through a natural leaching process due to soaking in the canned water.
Canned preserves line false pantry windows.
Canned produce can be a nutritious choice.
Canned products are best if eaten within one year.
Canned products retain a smooth texture with no liquid separation or curdling.
Canned products use a similiar code.
Canned programs seem to be avaible.
Canned programs seem to be available.
Canned pumpkin is an example.
Canned pumpkin is anathema.
Canned pumpkin is simply pumpkin in a pureed form.
Canned pumpkins produce wonderful results with far less time and effort.
Canned salmon contains only salmon sections with a little added salt to enhance the flavour.
Canned salmon is mainly sockeye or pink from Alaska.
Canned salmon is one of nature's healthiest and pure foods.
Canned salmon is one of the best calcium-rich foods.
Canned salmon is still the backbone of the pink salmon industry.
Canned salsa needs to be made from a tested recipe.
Canned salsa tends to turn mushy.
Some canned scripts are available FREE for use by our hosted clients.
Canned shoots are fine.
Canned soda is the best and easiest in the long run.
Canned software is subject to sales tax when purchased in Michigan from a Michigan retailer.
Canned software is taxable.
Some canned solutions are also inexpensive.
Canned soups are just one of the products.
Canned soups are pantry staples and make great bases for more elaborate soups.
Most canned soups are very high in sodium.
Canned tomatillos are available in ethnic markets.
Canned tomatoes are a reliable year-round alternative to fresh tomatoes for pasta and rice sauces.
Canned tomatoes have three times more than fresh.
Canned tomatoes offer the same ease, and throughout most of the year are better than fresh.
Canned tomatoes provide more than great taste and convenience, however.
Canned tomatoes work well with the ground beef use the juice and cut back on the milk.
Canned tuna comes packed in either water or high-fat oil.
Canned tuna is also an option.
Canned tuna is always precooked.
Canned tuna is available either solid or in chunks, and is packaged in oil, broth or water.
Canned tuna is available on days off.
Canned tuna is located in pantries.
Canned tuna is one of nature's healthiest and pure foods.
Canned tuna is packed in either water or oil-the latter containing far more calories.
Canned vegetables are a very bad choice, as a rule.
Canned vegetables are also usually high in sodium.
Canned vegetables are great for babies as they are usually softer than fresh or frozen.
Canned vegetables are high in salt, and canned fruit is high in sugar.
Canned vegetables are high in sodium unless low sodium is specified on the label.
Canned vegetables are high in sodium unless specified on the label.
Canned vegetables are higher in sodium than fresh or frozen.
Canned vegetables are higher in sodium which can cause additional fluid retention and added weight.
Canned vegetables are least nutritious of all choices.
Canned vegetables are located in cans.
Canned vegetables are located in pantries.
Canned vegetables are ok, but never use frozen vegetables.
Canned vegetables are very convenient because they take the least preparation time.
Canned vegetables contain salt.
Canned vegetables have a much higher sodium content than fresh or frozen vegetables.
Canned vegetables take less time.
Canned veggies contain too much salt.
A cannery is a factory
Canneries are places where fish are canned to sell in stores.
Canneries nonetheless offer a seductive package.
A cannibal is a savage
Cannibals are albums.
Cannibals are animals.
Cannibals are heterotrophs.
Cannibals are messy and dismember their prey.
Cannibals are people too.
Cannibals are people who eat human flesh.
Cannibals are people who eat other people.
Cannibals are savages.
Cannibals eat a male penis.
Cannibals eat a man's brain.
Cannibals eat only their enemies.
Cannibals exist within the Plankton lifestyle.
Cannibals raid the village and take all the people away.
Cannibalism can also result from overcrowded conditions.
Cannibalism can be a simple or a very complex problem.
Cannibalism can happen at any time, but it is less likely if the spiders have been fed recently.
Cannibalism can occur if the female is stressed or disturbed.
Cannibalism can therefore be a destabilizing force in a predator-prey system.
Cannibalism examines cannibalism in different societies and historic settings.
Cannibalism is a prevalent problem in chicken and game bird flocks.
Cannibalism is a viable option as well.
Cannibalism is a vice developed in confinement.
Cannibalism is believed to be an important factor in limiting white-spotted sawyer populations.
Cannibalism is common among cuttle fish especially around mating season.
Cannibalism is common if female is stressed or disturbed.
Cannibalism is common if the female is stressed or disturbed.
Cannibalism is common with both predators.
Cannibalism is common, but squids also feed on small free-swimming crustaceans and fishes.
Cannibalism is common.
Cannibalism is declared an industry standard.
Cannibalism is easier to prevent than to treat.
Cannibalism is fairly common among cephalopods.
Cannibalism is frowned on in most human societies.
Cannibalism is in.
Cannibalism is minimal.
Cannibalism is moral in a cannibal country.
Cannibalism is one of the great taboos in most cultures and societies.
Cannibalism is one possibility.
Cannibalism is practice
Cannibalism is practice.
Cannibalism is presumed to be the mechanism underlying density dependence.
Cannibalism is rampant.
Cannibalism is rare among woodlice, but it can happen.
Cannibalism is rare.
Cannibalism is rate.
Cannibalism is restricted to warrior tribes who eat the flesh of enemies to gain their strength.
Cannibalism is supposed to no longer exist and human sacrifice is supposed to be extinct.
Cannibalism is the link.
Cannibalism is wrongs.
Cannibalism is, therefore, an important cause of mortality for tuna larvae.
Cannibalism occurs as a part of the foraging process.
Cannibalism occurs frequently among all coccinellids.
Cannibalism occurs in both dogs and cats but is infrequent.
Cannibalism results in longer copulation duration.
Cannibalism seems to be a key factor.
Cannibalism seems to have been prevalent in the earliest times.
Cannibalism still prevails, despite all the forced statements to the contrary.
Cannibalism varies in intensity from one species to the next.
Cannibalism sometimes happens when the animal is coming out of hibernation .
Cannibalism sometimes happens when the animal is coming out of hibernation.
Most cannibalism occurs during father growth in young fowl.
Most cannibalism occurs during feather growth in young fowl.
Cannibalistic behavior is present in the mantid, both as a nymph and as a adult.
Cannibalistic birds cause injury to another bird by picking at each other's feathers, toes, etc.
Cannibalistic forms have highly modified mouth parts, specialize on other larvae.
Cannibalistic individuals tend to avoid eating their kin.
Cannibalistic larvae metamorphose faster and have larger heads.
Most canning liquids contain sugar.
Cannoli forms are available at specialty food shops and restaurant supply stores.
A cannon ball is a missile
Cannon balls are usually solid lumps of metal.
Cannon balls fall faster than feathers.
Cannon balls have mass.
Cannon balls roll down hills, arrows bounce off the ground and blood pools form from corpses.
Most cannon balls have mass.
Cannon Beach extends along a scenic seven mile strand.
Cannon Beach has nine miles of wide, walk-able beaches that are perfect for a leisurely stroll.
Cannon Beach is a good place to find art for decoration or investment.
Cannon Beach is a lovely little seashore town located on the North Coast of Oregon.
Cannon Beach is a one street town.
Cannon Beach is a particularly serene, spiritual, and beautiful place on the planet Earth.
Cannon Beach is a shopaholics' paradise.
Cannon Beach is a wonderful little town.
Cannon Beach is larger.
Cannon Beach is quite touristy.
Cannon Beach is situated between two of the nicest state parks on the Oregon coast.
Cannon Beach is the ideal place for a winter weekend getaway sans snow and skis.
A cannon bone is a bone
Cannon bones are short.
Some cannon bones are part of addaxs.
Some cannon bones are part of anoas.
Some cannon bones are part of antelopes.
Some cannon bones are part of aoudads.
Some cannon bones are part of argalis.
Some cannon bones are part of asses.
Some cannon bones are part of babirusas.
Some cannon bones are part of bantengs.
Some cannon bones are part of bighorns.
Some cannon bones are part of bison.
Some cannon bones are part of blackbucks.
Some cannon bones are part of boars.
Some cannon bones are part of brockets.
Some cannon bones are part of buffalo.
Some cannon bones are part of bullocks.
Some cannon bones are part of bulls.
Some cannon bones are part of bushbucks.
Some cannon bones are part of camels.
Some cannon bones are part of carabaos.
Some cannon bones are part of caribou.
Some cannon bones are part of cattle.
Some cannon bones are part of chevrotains.
Some cannon bones are part of cows.
Some cannon bones are part of deer.
Some cannon bones are part of elands.
Some cannon bones are part of elk.
Some cannon bones are part of fawns.
Some cannon bones are part of gaurs.
Some cannon bones are part of gazelles.
Some cannon bones are part of gemsboks.
Some cannon bones are part of gerenuks.
Some cannon bones are part of giraffes.
Some cannon bones are part of gnus.
Some cannon bones are part of goats.
Some cannon bones are part of gorals.
Some cannon bones are part of guanacos.
Some cannon bones are part of hartebeests.
Some cannon bones are part of hippopotamuses.
Some cannon bones are part of hippos.
Some cannon bones are part of hogs.
Some cannon bones are part of horses.
Some cannon bones are part of ibexs.
Some cannon bones are part of impalas.
Some cannon bones are part of kiangs.
Some cannon bones are part of kobs.
Some cannon bones are part of kudus.
Some cannon bones are part of lechwes.
Some cannon bones are part of llamas.
Some cannon bones are part of markhors.
Some cannon bones are part of moose.
Some cannon bones are part of mules.
Some cannon bones are part of muntjacs.
Some cannon bones are part of nilgais.
Some cannon bones are part of nyalas.
Some cannon bones are part of okapis.
Some cannon bones are part of oryxes.
Some cannon bones are part of oxes.
Some cannon bones are part of peccaries.
Some cannon bones are part of pigs.
Some cannon bones are part of ponies.
Some cannon bones are part of porkers.
Some cannon bones are part of pronghorns.
Some cannon bones are part of reindeer.
Some cannon bones are part of rhinoceroses.
Some cannon bones are part of rhinos.
Some cannon bones are part of saigas.
Some cannon bones are part of sambars.
Some cannon bones are part of sassabies.
Some cannon bones are part of sheep.
Some cannon bones are part of sikas.
Some cannon bones are part of springboks.
Some cannon bones are part of steeds.
Some cannon bones are part of steenboks.
Some cannon bones are part of studs.
Some cannon bones are part of takins.
Some cannon bones are part of tapirs.
Some cannon bones are part of ungulates.
Some cannon bones are part of waterbucks.
Some cannon bones are part of wildebeests.
Some cannon bones are part of wisents.
Some cannon bones are part of yaks.
Some cannon bones are part of zebras.
Cannon County is the site of three banking institutions with a total of five offices and branches.
Cannon demonstrations take place throughout the weekend.
Cannon irritants are soaps, acids, solvents, and detergents.
Cannon Lake continues to produce a few walleyes along the shallow shoreline areas.
Cannon shots are powerful.
A cannon is a gun
Cannon isa armament.
Cannons are a three ball shot from a corner spot or on the one yard line.
Cannons are actually rock-slinging machines.
Cannons are also generally only effective in dispersing waterfowl.
Cannons are artillery.
Cannons are body parts.
Cannons are easy to use.
Cannons are effective and currently used extensively.
Cannons are guns.
Cannons are heavies.
Cannons are located in forts.
Cannons are located in museums.
Cannons are located in parks.
Cannons are located in war.
Cannons are located in warships.
Cannons are no exception.
Cannons are part of body armor.
Cannons are part of bombers.
Cannons are part of tanks.
Cannons are part of ungulates.
Cannons are the safest and most fun way to celebrate the summer holidays.
Cannons are used for battles.
Cannons are used for the first time in a European battle, the Battle of Crecy.
Cannons are used for war.
Cannons are weapons of war.
Cannons are weapons.
Cannons can hit targets at a long range, demolish stone buildings, fortifications, and vessels.
Cannons capture by jumping over a piece to capture the next piece.
Cannons come with a sponge and bucket.
Cannons frighten it.
Cannons go off again.
Cannons go off, along with fireworks.
Cannons have (part) sections.
Cannons have (part) weapons.
Cannons have incredible range, but of course their accuracy is highly questionable.
Cannons have the smallest kill radius.
Cannons is their fortress.
Cannons line the esplanade overlooking the city.
Cannons make up for a lot.
Cannons only capture when jumping, and only jump when capturing.
Cannons open a four-game set in Edmonton, their first trip to the capital, tonight.
Cannons point out toward Cumberland Island.
Cannons roll out of secret panels and fire upon buildings and ships.
Cannons scatter more greenbacks to the cheering crowds.
Cannons thump in the distance.
Cannons used during the battle are also on display.
All cannons are collectibles.
All cannons come ready to fire.
All cannons come with cleaning rod, bronze brush, powder solvent, oil and patches.
All cannons have a heavy duty seamless steel liner for safety.
Many cannons are in stock.
More cannons means more shots fired, which leads to additional damage.
Some cannons discuss examples.
Some cannons have arcs.
Some cannons have types.
Cannonball jellyfish are harmless to humans.
A cannonball is a missile
Cannonball has motion down and forward force of gravity is a constant.
Cannonball isa projectile.
Cannonballs are explosives.
Cannonballs are heavies.
Cannonballs are located in battles.
Cannonballs are located in cannons.
Cannonballs are located in civil war.
Cannonballs are located in museums.
Cannonballs are located in war.
Cannonballs are projectiles.
Cannonballs are used for cannons.
Cannonballs are used for shoots.
Cannonballs are used for warfare.
Cannonballs eat mainly zooplankton such as veligers , and also all forms of red drum larvae.
Cannonballs expand in their rest frame with the speed of sound in a relativistic gas .
Cannonballs explode as supergrenades making it easier to hit gates and squadrons of men.
Cannonballs have (part) sections.
A cannula is a tube
Cannulas are a consideration.
Cannulas are tubes.
Cannulas come in different bore sizes and lengths.
All cannulas come with crush resistant tubing as standard.
Cannulation is movement
Cannulation is the process of puttingthe plug into place.
Cannulation requires skill and experience to avoid injury to the fish.
Canny observers see the resulting carbon and fuel taxes as a plan to hobble Western economies.
Canny shoppers can pick up bargains and improve their health.
Canoe Creek is located on a high-quality vein of limestone that once fed a bank of six kilns.
Canoe Creek performs.
Canoe marathon is held once a year.
Canoe polo is a game played in specialised kayaks.
Canoe rental is available at the Great River Harbor.
Canoe rental is available nearby.
Canoe rental is on a daily basis, guided or unguided.
Canoe rentals are also available and particularly well suited for birding and photography.
Canoe rentals are also available at a nominal cost.
Canoe rentals are also available for the Bluestone Lake.
Canoe rentals are also available.
Canoe rentals are available and a concession provide refreshments.
Canoe rentals are available at the park.
Canoe rentals are available at the Tarpon Bay parking lot.
Canoe rentals are available during summer months.
Canoe rentals are available during the summer months.
Canoe rentals are available for the Juniper Creek trip.
Canoe rentals are available for use on Clear Lake during the summer.
Canoe rentals are available for use on our lake.
Canoe rentals are available from local venders outside the park.
Canoe rentals are available from the park and local outfitters.
Canoe rentals are available in some parks and are worth considering.
Canoe rentals are available in the park.
Canoe rentals are available nearby.
Canoe rentals are available, and a concession stand provides refreshments.
Canoe rentals are available, and park interpretive programs appeal to visitors of all ages.
Canoe rentals are available, or boaters can bring their own canoe or electric motor boat.
Canoe rentals are available.
Canoe rentals are cheap at just about every lodge at Priest Lake.
Canoe rentals are cheaper and the oak-shaded creek is gentle.
Canoe rentals are readily available along the route.
All canoe rentals are by the calendar day.
Some canoe rentals have business every month of the year.
Canoe rivers are very low.
Canoe sailing is an important part of island culture, and it is always done communally.
Canoe sterns are no problem .
Canoe trails are available.
Canoe trails provide the outdoor-lover with another kind of water sport.
Canoe trip relieves stress and strengthens marriage.
Canoe trips are a modern adventure anyone can enjoy.
Canoe trips are a popular, reasonable way to experience all the wilderness Florida has to offer.
Canoe trips are also available.
Canoe trips are available for two hours up to a full day.
Canoe trips are available year-round and workshops about local wildlife are presented periodically.
Canoe trips are okay, but hunting and fishing are better.
Canoe trips are popular on the river.
Canoe trips are quite popular as well as our in-line skate clinics and scuba instructional sessions.
Canoe trips cost a few dollars depending on the distance.
Canoe trips have different requirements than car camping, snow machining, or river boating.
Canoe trips provide opportunities to study gull colonies, heron rookeries and nesting eagles.
All canoe trips require supervision by an approved Canoe Trip Leader.
A canoe is a small boat
Canoe campground along Blue River.
Canoe go fast.
Canoe go good.
Canoe hire and guides are available locally.
Canoe is a free service that provides information and news with a Canadian slant.
Canoe is in great shape.
Canoe is in top shape, thanks to the first crew.
Canoe isa boat.
Canoe offers more niche sections than any other Web site reviewed here.
Canoe ride around the island looking for wildlife.
Canoe ride up a torch lit river to the sounds of drums.
Canoe ride up a torch-lit river to the sounds of drums.
Canoe rides available.
Canoe rides down the Huron River are available.
Canoe rides on forest canals and lakes.
Canoe trip down the Missouri River.
Canoe trip down the Yukon River to.
Canoe trip up torch-lit river.
Canoe tripping season starts as soon as lakes are free of ice.
Canoe works better anyway.
Canoes afford the most practical and scenic mode to view and explore the comely waterway.
Canoes are also available at a nominal cost.
Canoes are also available on some lakes at no extra charge.
Canoes are also available. .
Canoes are an Aboriginal invention.
Canoes are available and children are welcome.
Canoes are available at each camp.
Canoes are available at the Lodge whether for tripping or just a daybreak or evening paddle.
Canoes are available for all of our trips offered.
Canoes are available for daily or weekly rent.
Canoes are available for free time.
Canoes are available for groups.
Canoes are available for pond and stream fishing, and it's also a great way to view wildlife.
Canoes are available for rent by advanced reservation.
Canoes are available for rent from resorts along Au Train Lake.
Canoes are available for rent.
Canoes are available for rental from a local sports shop.
Canoes are available for rental Memorial Day through Labor Day.
Canoes are available for rental.
Canoes are available for swamp tours.
Canoes are available free for our guests.
Canoes are available in addition to the usual water sports.
Canoes are available through liveries outside the park.
Canoes are available to rent and it's a short, easy paddle up Bennetts Creek to the cypress forest.
Canoes are available to rent at the park.
Canoes are available to use on camp property.
Canoes are available without additional charge.
Canoes are available, inground pool, gardens and patio.
Canoes are available.
Canoes are boats.
Canoes are complimentary to guests.
Canoes are easy to carry and handle better on car tops, towing, launching, and recovery.
Canoes are easy to paddle, carry and handle better on car tops, towing and launching.
Canoes are good in swamps and creeks with no current, bad in big open water.
Canoes are great at leisurely exploring lakes and rivers.
Canoes are great for paddling around on lakes and running the more placid-type rivers.
Canoes are ideal for exploring the rivers and bays of Maine.
Canoes are like shoes.
Canoes are located in campgrounds.
Canoes are located in mountain streams.
Canoes are located in streams.
Canoes are located in water.
Canoes are one of the earliest boats known to man.
Canoes are particularly handy on rough, back country streams where no launching facilities exist.
Canoes are perfect for the smaller, shallow trout waters of the east.
Canoes are pointed at both ends and usually open on top , but can be covered .
Canoes are pointed at both ends and usually open on top, but can be covered.
Canoes are popular in the summer, and tents are very popular in the fall and spring.
Canoes are quiet.
Canoes are shallow-draft boats whose delicate shape has much in common with Viking ships.
Canoes are shallow-draft boats with a fine, delicate shape.
Canoes are ships.
Canoes are small boats.
Canoes are still the order of the day.
Canoes are the stable Canadian standard with comfortable bucket seats.
Canoes are two person boats.
Canoes are universal in style, with variations occurring in material, weight and length.
Canoes are used for boating.
Canoes are used for fishing.
Canoes are used for fun.
Canoes are used for paddlings.
Canoes are used for recreation.
Canoes are used for water transportation.
Canoes are vehicles.
Canoes can accommodate a medium size cooler in the flat, center portion of the craft.
Canoes can pass through locks.
Canoes come in a variety of materials, sizes, weights, and they all have unique purposes.
Canoes come in all shapes and sizes, from long and narrow, to short and wide.
Canoes come in many different sizes and shapes to meet different needs.
Canoes come with the cabins.
Canoes easily tip over with only the slightest movement of weight.
Canoes figure prominently in several sesquicentennial celebrations, with good reason.
Canoes glide toward shore.
Canoes have (part) anchors.
Canoes have (part) bases.
Canoes have (part) hulls.
Canoes have (part) ribs.
Canoes have (part) rider plates.
Canoes have (part) rudder blades.
Canoes have (part) sections.
Canoes have a lot to offer anglers.
Canoes have plenty of space for packing out trash.
Canoes hold a maximum of three people.
Canoes offer a more active rafting trip.
Canoes provide an even more intimate look.
Canoes race two per lane, kayaks race one per lane.
Canoes rent on a first come first serve basis.
Canoes return from fishing.
Canoes tend to be a tandem market.
Canoes used by the natives of the Pacific islands are very long and narrow.
Canoes work quite well.
Canoes work, too.
All canoes have a bench style seat for versatility in paddling position.
All canoes have a double layer of state of the art fiberglass materials.
All canoes have our unique double-ended design with a square transom.
Any canoe camping start merry if delicate, consequently clock seem it.
Every canoe is a product of compromises.
Many canoes develop rocker when leaned because the bow and stern pop out of the water.
Many canoes perform well in some of the above categories.
Most canoes are for multi-purpose use.
Most canoes take about a month to reach full strength.
Most canoes treat canoeing as a means to an end.
Some canoes are available for rent, by reservation, on site.
Some canoes are available on an hourly basis.
Canoeings are activities.
Canoeings are paddlings.
Canoeings are recreational activities.
A canoeist is a waterman
Canoeist is Britain's premier canoeing publication and is read throughout the world.
Canoeists also spot an occasional alligator.
Canoeists are a specialty.
Canoeists are also responsible for putting paddles and life jackets in the designated areas.
Canoeists are boatmans.
Canoeists can expect to encounter sand and gravel bars either exposed or forming riffle series.
Canoeists can order a detailed waterway map from the park office.
Canoeists can portage for five nearby lakes.
Canoeists disembark from time to time, but are quite tolerant of the naturists.
Canoeists enjoy a silent glide down the Silver River.
Canoeists enjoy the pond and there are trails for hiking, walking and cross-country skiing.
Canoeists enjoy the serenity of remote ponds and rivers.
Canoeists find the paddling easy with only a few minor rapids near the center of the area.
Canoeists glide through the reflective water, exploring the meandering river swamps.
Canoeists kneel as they paddle, while kayakers sit in their boats with their legs extended forward.
Canoeists paddle from a kneeling position in an open boat and use a single blade.
Canoeists pit their water skills against an icy hill.
Canoeists practise their dip, dip and swing across the lake on a crisp, clear day.
Canoeists spend two or three days on each of the upper, middle, and lower sections of the River.
Canoeists tend to stay in tents and eat camping food.
Canoeists try unsuccessfully to run a beaver dam in Algonquin Park .
Canoeists use certain strategies when running rapids.
Canoeists use it, mostly.
Many canoeists use the roll-down top's buckle as a simple way of holding it to a thwart or seat.
Most canoeists allow at least eight days to complete the trip.
Most canoeists take out upstream of the flowage to avoid the slack water.
Canola oil appears to have no adverse effects on humans or the environment.
Canola oil comes from canola seed.
Canola oil comes from the rape seed, which is part of the mustard family of plants.
Canola oil comes from the rape seed.
Canola oil contains more mono-unsaturated fat than any other oil except olive.
Canola oil contains no cholesterol and is also low in saturated fats.
Canola oil contains the lowest level of saturated fat of any oil.
Canola oil drains more thoroughly than melted shortening.
Canola oil has a bland flavor and is good for cooking and salad dressings.
Canola oil has a complement of fatty acids that make it one of the healthiest edible oils.
Canola oil has a high smoke point.
Canola oil has a non-toxic mode of action for the target pests.
Canola oil has some very interesting characteristics and effects on living systems.
Canola oil has the lowest amount of saturated fat.
Canola oil helps lower bad cholesterol.
Canola oil is a good choice because it contains no added ingredients or fragrances.
Canola oil is a health hazard to use as a cooking oil or salad oil.
Canola oil is a high quality vegetable oil used as both a cooking oil and a salad oil.
Canola oil is a natural oil obtained from the seeds of the canola plants.
Canola oil is a popular oil for human consumption.
Canola oil is actually rapeseed oil but the name was changed in Canada for marketing reasons.
Canola oil is also a good choice.
Canola oil is also excellent for cooking and baking.
Canola oil is also good.
Canola oil is also very popular in Japan.
Canola oil is an edible substance that is readily metabolized by humans.
Canola oil is considered safe for human consumption.
Canola oil is even safer since it has the most healthy fatty acid profile of any commonly used oil.
Canola oil is extracted from rapeseed, a plant in the cabbage family.
Canola oil is from a plant that has been hybrid, just like most of our vegetables.
Canola oil is high in monounsaturated fatty acids, second only to olive oil.
Canola oil is less saturated than other fats, so it can be slow in saponification.
Canola oil is lower in artery-clogging saturated fat than olive oil.
Canola oil is lower in saturated fat than olive oil.
Canola oil is lowest in saturated fat of any oil.
Canola oil is lowest in saturated fat.
Canola oil is no exception.
Canola oil is oil
Canola oil is one of the worst and is showing up in more packaged foods all the time.
Canola oil is produced from new varieties of rapeseed.
Canola oil is safe to consume and has many health benefits.
Canola oil is the lowest in saturated fat of any oil on the market.
Canola oil is the lowest saturated fat oil and contains appreciable levels of linolenic acid.
Canola oil is the main ingredient in margarine and salad dressings.
Canola oil is the name given to a very healthy oil that has been developed from the rapeseed plant.
Canola oil is the name given to rapeseed oil and is a commonly used vegetable oil.
Canola oil is used in cooking.
Canola oil is vegetable based and poses a low risk to human and the marine environment.
Canola oil is vegetable oil.
Canola oil is vegetable-based and presents a low risk to human and the marine environment.
Canola oil possesses a very unique balance of fatty acids.
Canola oil remains free running when stored in the refrigerator.
Canola oil seems to stay thin.
A canola is oil
Canola does best on well-drained soils that allow the tap root to grow several feet down.
Canola does well in the Flathead area, but broadleaf weeds have limited production of the crop.
Canola grown for hay is a possible candidate.
Canola is in bloom.
Canola is more susceptible to frost damage than cereals.
Canola is ripe when plants turn a straw color and seeds become dark brown.
Canola looks good.
Canola matures from the bottom pods to the top of the plant.
Canola offers producers several benefits.
Canola produces millions and billions of pollen grains.
Canola responds especially well to low disturbance seeding.
Canola splits the difference and is less expensive.
Canola works great.
Canolas are vegetable oil.
Most canola is grown in Canada.
Canon City is currently the home of at least six state prisons.
Canon fire is shot both from the castle and from the opposing field.
Most canon lawyers charge relatively modest fees in comparison with civil lawyers.
Canon selection includes, date, classification, epithet, geographical location or female authors.
A canon is a rule
Canon isa instruction.
Canons are broad principles of conduct.
Canons are lists.
Canons are musical compositions.
Canons are priests.
Canons are records of church law.
Canons are rules.
Canons are scripture.
Canons are weapons.
Canons deal with administrative matters and can be changed by later councils.
Canons instruct and represent high quality.
Canons line the edge of the beach.
Many canons present the imitation at the octave or unison.
Most canons involve two parts in the imitation.
Some canons are dogmas of the faith and some are administrative.
Some canons have significance.
Canonic threads are structures which provide large-scale organization for certain canons.
Canonical correlation is a tool for measuring construct validity.
Canonical correlation is a variation on the concept of multiple regression and correlation analysis.
Canonical domains are totally free with no charge.
A canonical hour is a hour
Canonical hours consist of a short prayer service every three hours.
Canonical jurisdiction rests solely with the diocesan.
Canonical literature is more often subversive of morality.
Canonical mappings are always limited either to a single value or to a pair.
Canonical mission carries with it responsibility, accountability.
Canonical names are free and require no InterNIC registration.
Canonical sizes are one and two bytes.
Canonical terms are very important.
Canonical text has a carriage return and a linefeed at the end of each line of text.
Many Canonical texts are available in electronic versions on the internet.
Canonical transformations are much more powerful, they have much larger effects.
Canonical views are views that allow humans for easier object recognition.
Canonical views arise.
Canonical works have an absolute and undeniable quality.
Canonisation is likely to follow several years later.
Canonisation is sanctification
A canonist is a specialist
Some canonists do both types of work.
Canopy conductance controls soil water loss by evapotranspiration.
Canopy doors allow for perfect accessibility to engine hydraulic- and electric system.
Canopy management is also critical to maximize efficient use of water.
Canopy management is the first line of defence against disease.
Any canopy tents recover hollow after late, how heat has some.
All canopy theories have a greenhouse problem.
Canopy trees grow to feet.
Canopy trees have leaves.
Canopy trees have oval leaves.
Canopy trees provide habitats.
Most canopy trees grow to feet.
Most canopy trees have leaves.
Most canopy trees have oval leaves.
Most canopy trees have smooth, oval leaves that come to a point.
Most canopy trees provide habitats.
A canopy is a covering
Canopies are also available and make a nice addition to any cookout.
Canopies are available for shade and inclimate weather.
Canopies are covering.
Canopies are detachable.
Canopies are fabric.
Canopies are great for tailgate parties or back yard use or at the track.
Canopies are part of cockpits.
Canopies are part of parachutes.
Canopies are rich in benefits, such as medicine and food.
Canopies are shelter.
Canopies come in a variety of colors in nylon-reinforced vinyl on a sturdy aluminum frame.
Canopies come in different shape and size.
Canopies cover exterior escalators.
Canopies have high performance characteristics with quick responces and high forward speeds.
Canopies make excellent kites.
Canopy beds with thick country comforters.
Canopy connects with velcro locking panels.
Canopy consists of four large windows.
Canopy continues to explore other opportunities.
Canopy cover directly over nests provides protection from predators and weather.
Canopy fits flat and arch style, priscillas, ruffled and corded.
Canopy flying at it's best.
Canopy helps knock down wind on breezy days and reduces heat on the back during the day.
Canopy invests in Planet Earth Tools.
Canopy is dense and bark of trunk is smooth.
Canopy oribatid diversity in coastal montane forest.
Canopy overlooks the nose.
Canopy permits low light penetration, and as a result, understory is limited.
Canopy runs planting and education programs.
Canopy Tops for any size bed in eyelet, lace and solid colors.
Canopy tops on all boats.
Canopy tours with transportation, horse riding, and more.
All canopies are durable, lightweight and portable.
All canopies have inherent opening characteristics.
Most canopies have a lid that opens half of the canopy top.
Most canopies have maximum glide with slight toggle pressure.
Some canopies can become unstable using certain techniques.
Some canopies have unusual flight characteristics that can take hundreds of jumps to fully explore.
A cant is nonsense
CanT seem to find any information on used models.
Cants are simply a mechanical means used to level someone s body.
Cants are talk.
Cants are then sawn into lumber as part of the same operation.
Cantaloup has (part) cell membranes.
Cantaloup has (part) cells.
Cantaloup has (part) corpi.
Cantaloup has (part) cytoplasm.
Cantaloup has (part) nuclei.
Cantaloup has (part) peels.
Cantaloup has (part) plasma membranes.
Cantaloup has (part) sections.
Cantaloup has (part) vacuoles.
Cantaloup isa muskmelon.
Most cantaloups are very susceptible.
Cantaloupe plants produce blossoms.
Cantaloupe vines produce female flowers.
Cantaloupe vines produce flowers.
Cantaloupe contains a high amount of water.
Cantaloupe contains vitamins.
Cantaloupe grows at fields.
Cantaloupe has (part) cell membranes.
Cantaloupe has (part) cells.
Cantaloupe has (part) corpi.
Cantaloupe has (part) cytoplasm.
Cantaloupe has (part) nuclei.
Cantaloupe has (part) peels.
Cantaloupe has (part) plasma membranes.
Cantaloupe has (part) sections.
Cantaloupe has (part) vacuoles.
Cantaloupe has aroma.
Cantaloupe has flesh.
Cantaloupe has orange flesh.
Cantaloupe has rinds.
Cantaloupe has seeds.
Cantaloupe has warty rinds.
Cantaloupe helps to get rid of heavy flow and clots during the mensuration.
Cantaloupe is a vine
Cantaloupe is classified as muskmelons.
Cantaloupe is melons.
Cantaloupe is muskmelons.
Cantaloupe is plants.
Cantaloupe isa muskmelon.
Cantaloupe likes loamy, well-drained soil.
Cantaloupe needs water.
Cantaloupe offers benefits.
Cantaloupe originates in mediterranean regions.
Cantaloupe originates in regions.
Cantaloupe prefers full sun and a rich soil.
Cantaloupe produces oval, slightly lobed or heart-shaped leaves with serrated edges.
Cantaloupe produces rounded or oblong fruit that is usually tan-colored.
Cantaloupe produces seeds and has a delicious fruit coat protecting the seeds.
Cantaloupe produces seeds.
Cantaloupe requires constant moisture.
Cantaloupe requires constant soil moisture.
Cantaloupe requires moisture.
Cantaloupe requires soil moisture.
Cantaloupe tends to mature early and uniformly.
Cantaloupe wills have melons.
Cantaloupe works well in salads or on fruit platters.
Cantaloupes are a popular type of muskmelon , but there are other types .
Cantaloupes are a popular type of muskmelon, but there are other types.
Cantaloupes are a source of polyphenol antioxidants .
Cantaloupes are a source of polyphenol antioxidants.
Cantaloupes are cheapest in the summer.
Cantaloupes are easier to pick.
Cantaloupes are related to the cucumber, and can be targeted by several of the same insect pests.
Cantaloupes are round, with netted beige skin and juicy orange meat.
Cantaloupes are smaller in size and there is a smaller yield.
Cantaloupes are subject to sun scald when left unprotected in the sun after harvest.
Cantaloupes are yummy and pretty versatile.
Cantaloupes belong to the cucurbit family, along with other melons, squashes and cucumbers.
Cantaloupes belong to the same vining family as watermelon, cucumber, pumpkin and squash.
Cantaloupes cost fifteen cents a pound.
Cantaloupes grow best under warm tropical-like conditions and have a fairly long growing season.
Cantaloupes tend to come to the market all together and have been a big item the last several weeks.
Most cantaloupe contains vitamins.
Most cantaloupe grows at fields.
Most cantaloupe has aroma.
Most cantaloupe has flesh.
Most cantaloupe has orange flesh.
Most cantaloupe has rinds.
Most cantaloupe has seeds.
Most cantaloupe has warty rinds.
Most cantaloupe is classified as muskmelons.
Most cantaloupe needs water.
Most cantaloupe offers benefits.
Most cantaloupe produces seeds.
Most cantaloupe requires constant moisture.
Most cantaloupe requires constant soil moisture.
Most cantaloupe requires moisture.
Most cantaloupe requires soil moisture.
Some cantaloupe contains water.
Some cantaloupe has deep grooves.
Some cantaloupe has grooves.
Some cantaloupe has types.
A cantata is musical style
Most cantatas are sacred compositions, but some are of a secular nature.
All Cantate concerts are free to the public.
Canted decks combined with wedge-shaped planform minimizes frontal resistance.
Canted shelves are also advantageous.
Canteen temperatures vary with covering materials and exposure.
A canteen is a flask
CanTeen aims to provide support, enjoyment, information and encouragement.
Canteen isa flask.
CanTeen organises six to eight daylong activities each year.
Canteens are a hive of petty politics and social humiliation.
Canteens are also available in the B and E building where classrooms and laboratories are located.
Canteens are available on campus for lunch at reasonable prices.
Canteens are flasks.
Canteens are located in backpacks.
Canteens are quite common in Italy.
Canteens are restaurants.
Canteens are shops.
Canteens have (part) brims.
Canteens have (part) sections.
Canteens serve juices, sandwiches, snacks and hot dishes covering a range of international cuisines.
A canter is a gait
Canter blames the softening economy for the drop.
Canter especially is concerned about situations involving alcohol.
Canter is a big man with a deep voice and a brooding presence.
Canter says rapturously, like a chef over a rare truffle.
Canter suggests having a maximum of five consequences assigned to a behavior.
Canters are gaits.
Canters gives a full plate food made by people who know how to make deli-style sandwiches.
Canthaxanthin deposits can exist unilaterally in a normal retina.
A cantilever is a beam
Cantilevers are available with pyramidal tips or conical tips.
Cantilevers are beams.
Cantilevers overhang the sides of walls and distribute and balance loads on the opposite sides.
Cantilevers provide more support than do other types of bracketry.
All cantilevers are pre-magnetized at the facility.
Most cantilevers use post-type brakeblocks which are fiddly to set up.
Cantilevered canopies provide support for the train's electrical system.
Cantilevered design allows for large trays and platters, easy access for cleaning.
Cantilevered mill rolls with hydraulic mounting speed roll changes.
A canto is a voice part
Canto is the developer of Cumulus, a digital image management database.
Canton lake is host to Oklahoma's oldest and largest fishing tournament.
Canton Lake is Oklahoma's leading fisherman's paradise .
Canton Township boasts some of the best agricultural land in Fillmore County.
A canton is a district
Canton also boasts the most successful junior college men s hockey program in the nation.
Canton also enjoys intramural sports.
Canton enjoys an extremely low crime rate.
Canton has many nearby attractions.
Canton has some sharp criticism of agencies.
Canton is county seat of Cherokee County Georgia.
Canton is county seat of Madison County Mississippi.
Canton is home to two golf courses.
Canton is in the southern tip of China, exposed to a lot of rivers and lakes as well as the ocean.
Canton is known for seafood, the simplicity of cooking, the integrity of the ingredients.
Canton is located in Norfolk County Massachusetts.
Canton is located near the geographical center of the county.
Canton is located on the Mississippi River in the northeast corner of Missouri.
Canton is more of a hockey town than Detroit.
Canton is near major highways and within easy driving distance of the regional airport.
Canton is that kind of town.
Canton is thirty miles southwest of Peoria and less than two hundred miles from Chicago.
Canton is within easy access of several fine gold courses.
Canton is within easy access of several fine golf courses.
Canton is, perhaps, the most famous of the food areas.
Canton offers city pleasures set in the luxury of a small town atmosphere.
Canton returns all five starters from last year's team, which reached the Western Lakes final.
Canton wins on criteria Cent.
All cantons grant a specific tax status to such companies.
Many Cantons grant similar reductions for dividends.
Most cantons provide at least one secondary school.
Cantonal magistrates have the authority to trace, freeze, and eventually confiscate assets.
Cantonese chefs take pride in their cooking.
Cantonese cooking is a style based on fresh fruit and vegetables, fish, poultry and pork.
Cantonese cooking is very good, though it is a restaurant cuisine.
Cantonese cuisine is among the most famous four in the country.
Cantonese cuisine is good in color, fragrance, taste and presentation.
Cantonese favorites are a hallmark.
Cantonese food is more colourful and sweeter than that of other regions.
Cantonese food is very good and Sundays are great for checking out the various dim sum restaurants.
Cantonings are separatings.
A cantor is a spiritual leader
Cantor notes that the gentry class had a large role in shaping the common law.
Cantor questions the job the borough did listing the various properties.
Cantors are humans.
Cantors are people.
Cantors are spiritual leaders.
Cantors are workers.
Cantors attend rehearsals willingly and consistently.
Cantors function at weekend liturgies, holy days, weddings and funerals.
Cantors Lead the community in celebration and prayer through song.
Cantors provide music leadership.
Cantors serve as the psalmist and song leader for weekend Eucharistic celebrations.
Every cantor worries about it.
Many cantors have dual careers in opera and the cantorate.
Canvas have default implementations.
Canvas documents can be anywhere.
All canvas holders have rubber grips to keep canvas secure.
Canvas items follow the canvas, in order of creation.
Canvas pads are also available in four standard colors.
Canvas panels remove from the scrolled steel frame for dry cleaning.
Canvas print comes stretched and ready to hang.
Canvas shoes seem to be best in hot weather.
Canvas sneakers are fine.
Canvas text can be bent to fit curves and other shapes, and can be wrapped around irregular objects.
Canvas top is optional.
Canvas transfers are also available on all Duncan prints.
All canvas work needs to tailored to the the individual boat.
A canvas is cloth
Canvas isa cloth.
Canvas isa fabric.
Canvases allow structured graphical items to be located and plotted.
Canvases also receive mouse and keyboard events.
Canvases are art supplies.
Canvases are cloth.
Canvases are divided into categories and one category or another is always on special.
Canvases are fabric.
Canvases are located in art galleries.
Canvases are located in museums.
Canvases are mats.
Canvases are oil paintings.
Canvases are part of rings.
Canvases are setting.
Canvases are subject to availability.
Canvases are used for art.
Canvases are used for cover boats.
Canvases are used for covering.
Canvases are used for oil paintings.
Canvases are used for paint.
Canvases are used for paintings.
Canvases are used for tents.
Canvases feature a unique artist's remarque.
Canvases have (part) hems.
Canvases have (part) sections.
Canvases permit almost arbitrary graphics displays.
Canvases vary and the size of the hole range from large holes to very tiny holes.
Every canvas is religious and all art is sacred.
Most canvas is made of cotton.
Some canvas tops retract easily, but they allow more wind noise.
Some canvases hang in rooms.
Canvasback drake Look for a red head, a pale-colored body with a dark breast.
A canvasback duck is a duck
Canvasback ducks are here in the winter, and egrets migrate to the park for the warmer months.
Canvasback nests are built from cattails or bulrushes and float on the water.
A canvasback is a duck
Canvasback build floating nests among cattails and other emergent aquatic plants.
Canvasback isa duck.
Canvasbacks are among the fastest flying of all waterfowl.
Canvasbacks are birds.
Canvasbacks are capable of breeding in the year after hatching.
Canvasbacks are ducks.
Canvasbacks are important members of healthy, aquatic ecosystems.
Canvasbacks are omnivorous, eating both plants and animals as they are available.
Canvasbacks are powerful swimmers.
Canvasbacks are protected as migratory gamebirds in the United States, Mexico, and Canada.
Canvasbacks are red-headed with a white body and black on each end.
Canvasbacks are traditionally popular with hunters.
Canvasbacks are usually quiet during non-breeding season.
Canvasbacks belong to a group of waterfowl known as pochards, or diving ducks.
Canvasbacks breed in the Prairie Pothole Region of North America.
Canvasbacks breed once yearly.
Canvasbacks have (part) air sacs.
Canvasbacks have (part) bird's feet.
Canvasbacks have (part) brains.
Canvasbacks have (part) breasts.
Canvasbacks have (part) cell membranes.
Canvasbacks have (part) cells.
Canvasbacks have (part) chest cavities.
Canvasbacks have (part) chests.
Canvasbacks have (part) corpi.
Canvasbacks have (part) cytoplasm.
Canvasbacks have (part) ears.
Canvasbacks have (part) faces.
Canvasbacks have (part) flight feathers.
Canvasbacks have (part) heads.
Canvasbacks have (part) lips.
Canvasbacks have (part) mouths.
Canvasbacks have (part) nuclei.
Canvasbacks have (part) plasma membranes.
Canvasbacks have (part) quill feathers.
Canvasbacks have (part) rib cages.
Canvasbacks have (part) second joints.
Canvasbacks have (part) sections.
Canvasbacks have (part) skulls.
Canvasbacks have (part) sterna.
Canvasbacks have (part) talons.
Canvasbacks have (part) vacuoles.
Canvasbacks have (part) wishbones.
Canvasbacks have feet.
Canvasbacks have heads.
Canvasbacks have large web feet.
Canvasbacks have light brown heads.
Canvasbacks have red heads.
Canvasbacks have rusty red heads.
Canvasbacks migrate late in fall and early in spring.
Canvasbacks prefer marshes and large open bodies of water such as lakes, ponds and bays.
Canvasbacks travel along three major migration corridors, or flyways.
Canvasbacks use their long, sloping bill to dig in the bottom sediments for food.
Canvasbacks usually take new mates each year, pairing in late winter on ocean bays.
Most canvasbacks have feet.
Most canvasbacks have heads.
Most canvasbacks have large web feet.
Most canvasbacks have light brown heads.
Most canvasbacks have red heads.
Most canvasbacks have rusty red heads.
Some canvasbacks eat roots.
Some canvasbacks have chestnuts.
Some canvasbacks have distinctive wedges.
Some canvasbacks have eclipse plumages.
Some canvasbacks have plumages.
Some canvasbacks have wedges.
Some canvasbacks stretch wings.
A canvass is a mat
All canvasses are open to the public.
A canvasser is an inspector
Canvassers enjoy a challenge that taps their creativity.
Canvassers make house calls if no form is received.
Canyon County leads in butter production.
Canyon Creek does flow through the zoo property.
Canyon Creek is a kindergarten through sixth grade school.
Canyon Creek is undoubtedly one of the best trout fishing streams in the state.
Canyon Creek runs through the proposed development.
Canyon Creek supports small finger-sized brook trout.
Canyon gooseberry is a drought tolerant shrub with red and white flowers.
Canyon Lake is a beautiful park in the heart of Apache Junction, Arizona.
Canyon Lake is a flood controlling reservoir.
Canyon Lake is a gorgeous lake with fishing, camping and picnicking.
Canyon Lake is a graceful gem.
Canyon Lake is a private gated community located in Southern California.
Canyon Lake is a spectacular desert lake.
Canyon Lake is considerably more affluent than Riverside County.
Canyon Lake is famous for producing lunker largemouth bass over ten pounds.
Canyon Lake is just five minutes away as are several fine restaurants and a golf course.
Canyon Lake is located in a city park in Rapid City.
Canyon Lake is located in a city park.
Canyon Lake is master-planned for pleasure.
Canyon Lake is nestled in the legendary Superstition Mountains.
Canyon Lake is very clear so fishermen can really see what they are after.
Canyon Lake is very popular for the incredible musky fishing.
Canyon Lake offers walleye, muskie, smallmouth bass, whitefish and perch.
Canyon Ranch is a force.
Canyon Ranch is a little spread out.
Canyon Ranch is an award-winning vacation destination dedicated to healthy living.
Canyon Ranch is in Tucson, Arizona.
Canyon Ranch is known for their delicious low fat cookies.
A canyon is a ravine
Canyon also has all tourist facilities, including restaurants, snack bars, a grocery store, etc.
Canyon Cabins Back to the main page.
Canyon has a reputation of being the best nursing program in Arizona.
Canyon has above and below water game play.
Canyon is a blessing.
Canyon is a fairly small level, with a short single player sequence.
Canyon is a huge example of erosion.
Canyon is an impressive example of stream erosion through rock.
Canyon is another name for it , used in other countries .
Canyon is another name for it, used in other countries.
Canyon is great because it is in the center of the park.
Canyon is located in Canyon Country , California.
Canyon is one of the proposed areas.
Canyon is one of the West's premier canyons.
Canyon is the deepest gorge in North America.
Canyon isa ravine.
Canyon live oak seedlings do best in moist soil covered with leaf letter under an overstory canopy.
Canyon live oak series is common on very steep rocky slopes.
Canyon live oak series occurs on steep rocky slopes.
Canyon live oaks can also grow on many types of soils.
Canyon makes more sense as a name, since the trail follows a steep, rocky streambed chasm.
Canyon narrows further up from bridge.
Canyon returns everyone from a good team last year.
Canyon wrens flutter through the sky, their calls echoing off the rocks like laughter.
Canyons also provide a refuge for juveniles of commercially important fish and crabs.
Canyons are another formation in the desert.
Canyons are dark places.
Canyons are deep valleys carved by flowing water.
Canyons are ravines.
Canyons are subject to an effect called the diurnal wind .
Canyons are valleys.
Canyons curve down like galaxies to meet the oncoming rush of flat land.
Canyons form, crystals form, stalactites form and so on.
Canyons lace many of the domes.
Canyons provide habitat for a variety of wildife.
Canyons surrounded by houses are common places for a small herd of deer.
Canyons often form in areas of limestone rock.
Every canyon is different from every other canyon.
Every canyon varies, but the following description, from our New Zealand trip, is typical.
Many canyons are made by rivers and earthquakes.
Many canyons seem to attract fixed ropes and slings.
Most canyons have flood control with detention basins.
Some canyons are out of reach of cell phone services.
Some canyons are very famous, such as the Grand Canyon or the Snake River Canyon.
Some canyons attract eagles.
Some canyons have notable cultural significance.
Some canyons provide cities.
Some canyons require more climbing skills than others.
Cap City gets a rush of customers before and after the movies.
Some cap guns can injure a child's hearing.
Cap rates are also more sensitive to vacancy rates and operating expenses.
CAP rates are applicable to dealer advertising for businesses located in the state of Florida.
A cap is a clothing
Cap isa headdress.
Caps act with juggling of three burning clubs.
Caps add more depth on the blue line.
CAPs allow citizens to interact with government in a method that is easy, friendly, and convenient.
Caps also can result in a transfer of capacity to higher value markets.
CAPs also verify bills, handle billing errors and monitors co-payments.
Caps are adjustable and come in white only.
Caps are adjustable to fit all.
Caps are adjustable.
Caps are also available for purchase.
Caps are also hard to get.
Caps are also harder to read.
Caps are an ongoing hot issue for teachers.
Caps are available at event sites.
Caps are available in English, Spanish or Arabic.
Caps are available in traditional team colors.
Caps are available to tops and unused entry ports.
Caps are available upon request.
Caps are beautifully embroidered with a PAWS paw print in front and PAWS logo on back.
Caps are bigger too.
Caps are black with matching visor.
Caps are black with the groovy cowgirl logo in white.
Caps are blue in colour.
Caps are cheap, and available at any homebrew shop.
Caps are color coded by wave.
Caps are consistent with age.
Caps are easier to read.
Caps are embroidered cotton.
Caps are for ornamentation only.
Caps are gravity fed and a small spring loaded lever releases a cap into the loading position.
Caps are headdresses.
Caps are helpful in reducing the transmission of STDs, including gonorrhea and chlamydia.
Caps are important for initiation of translation.
Caps are less expensive, and they are much easier to remove later.
Caps are located in drawers.
Caps are located in suitcases.
Caps are meaty.
Caps are more profitable and less competitive from a sales standpoint.
Caps are mortar boards with the tassel worn over the left front quadrant.
Caps are one of the most popular of all pickup truck accessories.
Caps are one size fits all.
Caps are one size only.
Caps are optional.
Caps are part of funguses.
Caps are protective covering.
Caps are relatively easy to remove.
Caps are secure on all containers, including waste collection containers.
Caps are shades of brown to purplish brown and paler towards the margin.
Caps are smaller than diaphragms and made of thicker rubber.
Caps are solid black, navy and khaki with yellow, blue and white on the logo.
Caps are tan with navy embroidery, brims, top buttons, and adjustable back strap.
Caps are the number of international appearances each player on the team has made.
Caps are tilted and dwarf.
Caps are to be kept in a cap pouch.
Caps are to be removed upon entering the building.
Caps are tops.
Caps are usually squirrel and are tied, bonnet fashion under the chin.
Caps are various colours and embroideries.
Caps are white, adjustable, and embroidered with the choice of thread color.
Caps attached to the cooling machines generally feel lighter than the frozen caps.
Caps benefit the consumer by setting limits for rates or payments.
CAPs can adjust rapidly and effectively to meet the demands and changes in the industry.
Caps can apply to either the maximum amount of interest charged, a ceiling on the payment, or both.
Caps can be a very effective ploy to hide a modern or short hairstyle when at a reenactments.
Caps can be loose in boxes, baled, or briquetted.
Caps come adorned with puffs, braids, lengths of fabrics and brand name logos.
Caps Come into the shop and browse our selection of caps.
Caps fall off easily at maturity.
Caps have (part) sections.
Caps have a back band to adjust size.
Caps have a large mat surface on top of labeling.
CAPs have a small footprint.
Caps have a soft, spongy texture.
Caps have an elastic band to insure a proper fit for all.
Caps Have ear protectors and tie under chin.
Caps lock control .
Caps make a difference too.
Caps match ink color.
Caps object .
Caps offer no protection.
CAPs operate private networks independent of LECs.
Caps producing noise hat can injure a child's hearing are banned.
Caps protect the scalp and, to some degree, the face.
CAPs require little administrative cost for banks, borrowers, or governments.
Caps seal sufficiently for benchwork but for shipping, taping is recommended.
Caps sets clear limits and quantify the challenge for all participants.
Caps tend to distort the market signal in favor of baseload generation.
Caps tend to have a good sense of humor.
Caps often cause dislocations, inequities, and negative consequences.
All caps also take up more horizontal space.
All caps are adjustable with a cloth and buckle closure in the back.
All caps are adjustable.
All caps are blue.
All caps are custom embrodied with the name designation of the ship and a silhouette of the ship.
All caps are high quality polypropylene.
All caps are much harder to read.
All caps are multi-colored.
All caps are one size fits most.
All caps feature a slide buckle.
All caps forces readers to read each and every letter which slows the reader down.
All caps have a nice leather adjustable strap on the back.
All caps have a relaxed fit.
All caps have a white fronts and a choice of mesh or solid backs .
All caps have embroidered logo.
All caps have the address of the website they correspond to placed attractively on the back.
All caps is a feature that inexperienced designers often use.
All caps is considered shouting on the Internet.
All caps is considered to be shouting.
All caps is difficult for voice recognition software to interpret.
All caps is for initial-based abbreviations.
All caps is too hard to read.
All caps is used.
All caps look alike.
All caps looks nice.
All caps mean several things.
All caps means just that.
All caps obliterates shape recognition.
Every cap has the official licensed logo attached to ensure authenticity.
Some caps appear shiny as is covered with a translucent slime .
Some caps appear shiny as is covered with a translucent slime.
Some caps are black, gray or even white depending on the species of morel fungus.
Some caps even have leather straps.
Some caps have axial holes for venting.
Capabilities are a pure logic of bearer instruments.
Capabilities are absolute.
Capabilities are available for linkages to geographic information systems.
Capabilities are being added incrementally, so check back occasionally.
Capabilities are in fact at the heart of our initiative.
Capabilities are members of one or more roles and are either enabled or disabled.
Capabilities are more limited, but effects are more immediate.
Capabilities are significant.
Capabilities are the knowledge, skills, and abilities required to perform roles effectively.
Capabilities Below is a representative sample of our uncertainties.
Capabilities Complete engineering services including solid modeling, structural and magnetic FEA .
Capabilities continue to generate a lot of discussion.
Capabilities cover a complete range from light to very heavy plate fabrication and machining.
Capabilities cover water, gas, telecoms, and transportation industries.
Capabilities Create a simple yet effective logo mark and ad campaign.
Capabilities create value.
Capabilities describe in great detail the type of media that is handled by the pads.
Capabilities describe potential interactions between code and the outside world.
Capabilities differ from system to system.
Capabilities Easily reconfigureable and applicable to different applications.
Capabilities Execute administrative details under pressure, time restrictions, and budget.
Capabilities exist to run cutting fluid compatibility, foaming, staining, and performance tests.
Capabilities exist up to the largest sizes available from manufacturers.
Capabilities explain how connectivity in an already connected system evolves over time.
Capabilities Greet personal and telephone callers and find out the nature of their enquiry.
Capabilities guide and give direction to behavioral actions through a mental map, plan or strategy.
Capabilities Handle basic financial problems in an organization.
Capabilities have to do with dealing with change.
Capabilities Improve pg.
Capabilities Investigates the cause of product and material failures and industrial accidents.
Capabilities is a valuable resource for the region's business community.
Capabilities Murray people offer unique advantages for customers.
Capabilities range from conventional tracer work to remote manipulator systems.
Capabilities range from epitaxial growth to materials characterization to device fabrication.
Capabilities range from scheduling equipment or facilities, to managing a project.
Capabilities range from simple data display and description to advanced statistical techniques.
Capabilities range from video and multimedia production to advertisning and marketing consultation.
Capabilities Read all about our full service manufacturing capabilities.
Capabilities refer to specific skills which are localized in a particular job or role.
Capabilities returns the capabilities of the given stream.
Capabilities run from small progressive dies to large deep draw stampings.
Capabilities Set team goals for offensive and defensive actions.
Capabilities Specialize in communication, language and study skills.
Capabilities specifies special operations which are possible on the device.
Capabilities stem from a fusion of effective business processes and skills.
Capabilities Support multiple Marketing divisions with complete marketing materials.
Capabilities transcend skills.
Capabilities Univariate and multivariate statistical process control.
Capabilities vary by unit, depending on the information needs of local unit cooperators.
Capabilities vary fron manufacturing plant to manufacturing plant.
Capabilities View our equipment list and product capabilities.
Capability actualize through developmental coaching is truly a core competence of leadership.
Capability drives growth.
Capability exists for finding the position angle that puts such a star in the guider.
Capability implies complexity.
Capability is ability
Capability is ability.
Capability is aptitude.
Capability is best when data to initialize the models are received in a timely manner.
Capability is demonstrated in a major project.
Capability is net summer.
Capability is susceptibility.
Capability is the the objective.
Capability is there.
Capability is tied directly to part cost.
Capability is world class, unique in the world.
Capability isa ability.
Capability references to a data page similarly cause access violations.
All capabilities are also available from command line.
All capabilities are ready and available upon initial installation.
Every capability costs a little in performance.
Most capability drives growth.
Some capabilities also require parameters which are given by arg .
Some capabilities are only available via full-serve consulting .
Some capabilities are Professional Version Only.
Some capability includes components.
Some capability increases ability.
Capable administrators can do that on a larger scale.
Any capable amateur can do that.
Capable certificate do, and can managing call digital time, performance.
Capable consultants are able to parley their experiences to find new, unique solutions.
Capable editors are highly in demand, and the pay scale and experience requirements reflect that.
Capable mechanics are available to help fix and tune-up bikes.
Capable organizations are essential to foster the development of capable individuals .
Capable partners are ready to join with research institutions to create new publishing alternatives.
Capable patients learn to insert a specially prepared meal through the tube.
Any capable planner can add in a new project to the organisation-wide programme.
Capable professionals depend primarily on a few well-worn references.
Capable readers are proud of their ability and they usually enjoy showing it off to adults.
More capable sites can involve programming of various kinds.
Capable students can complete the doctoral program in four to five years.
Many capable students suffer serious learning disabilities.
More capable students tend to make more complex modifications.
More capable versions are available by mail-order from the author.
Capacious stowage is provided in the galley and throughout the boat.
Capacitance also implies an associated storage of electrical energy.
Capacitance changes between inner conductors or conductors and the shield can cause interference.
Capacitance changes with signal switching frequency.
Capacitance depends only on the geometry of the capacitor.
Capacitance equates to square feet .
Capacitance is a measure of how effective a capacitor is.
Capacitance is a property that is exhibited by two wires when they are placed close together.
Capacitance is affected by the insulating characteristic of the target, or the dielectric constant.
Capacitance is affected by what the object is made of.
Capacitance is an electrical phenomenon
Capacitance is analagous to the ability of a jar to hold a fluid.
Capacitance is assumed to be concentrated at the nodal center of the subvolume.
Capacitance is defined and the electronic properties of capacitors are detailed.
Capacitance is directly proportional to the electrostatic force field between the plates.
Capacitance is efficacious.
Capacitance is equal to the charge divided by the voltage.
Capacitance is indicated for typical interface conditions.
Capacitance is like an inverse of Voltage.
Capacitance is measured in farads .
Capacitance is measured in farads and fractions of a farad.
Capacitance is measured in farads or picofarads.
Capacitance is measured in Farads.
Capacitance is measured in units of Farads.
Capacitance is proportional to the dielectric constant of the insulating material between the wires.
Capacitance is the ability of a body to store an electrical charge .
Capacitance is the ability of an object or surface to store an electrical charge.
Capacitance is the ability to store charge.
Capacitance is the capacity an object has to hold electrons.
Capacitance is the Charges on the plate divided by the Potential difference.
Capacitance is the foundation for storing energy in an electric field between two conducting bodies.
Capacitance is the inherent property of electric circuit that opposes change in voltage.
Capacitance is the product of the materials capacitance constant and the mass used.
Capacitance is the property of a capacitor resisting changes in voltage.
Capacitance is the proportionality constant between charge and voltage.
Capacitance is the result of the closeness of structures with independent voltages.
Capacitance is the tendency of an element to store electrical energy.
Capacitance is the tendency to store electrical charge.
Capacitance is the term used to define the ability to store electrical energy in conducting plates.
Capacitance is then the capacity to hold charge at a given potential difference.
Capacitance varies with the disk's formatting and the particular drive that they are used in.
Capacitances are comparable between the two kinds of devices.
Capacitated sperm exhibit a pattern of vigorous swimming called hyperactivated motility.
Capacitive accelerometers offer true static-load response.
Capacitive noise is coupled into a circuit by a capacitive effect.
Capacitive reactance is measured in ohms and varies inversely with frequency.
Capacitive reactance is the opposition to change of voltage in a capacitor.
Capacitive sensors are probably the easiest of implement.
Capacitive sensors are robust against effects such as condensation and temporary high temperatures.
Capacitive sensors detect plastic materials through non metal containers, sight windows etc.
Capacitive technology requires skin contact to operate.
Capacitive touchscreens require a conductive stylus, so gloves are typically excluded.
A capacitor is an electrical device
Capacitor arrays combine multiple capacitor units into one single structure.
Capacitor is the ratio of charge to the potential difference.
Capacitors act to block direct currents, but they allow alternating current to pass.
Capacitors also are simple filter elements.
Capacitors also have their water models, although somewhat more involved.
Capacitors also have voltage ratings.
Capacitors also leak.
Capacitors are a separate story.
Capacitors are an electrical charge storage device.
Capacitors are common components in utility, industrial, and commercial power systems.
Capacitors are devices that store energy.
Capacitors are devices which have metal plates separated by an insulator.
Capacitors are devices which store electric charge.
Capacitors are electrical components which store charge.
Capacitors are electrical devices.
Capacitors are electronic components.
Capacitors are essential parts of nearly all electrical circuits.
Capacitors are gadets that store energy until a large potential energy has been stored.
Capacitors are in microfarads.
Capacitors are less expense than synchronous condensers.
Capacitors are like batteries.
Capacitors are nonconductors that are used to store electrical power.
Capacitors are oil filled rolled polyethylene in a pvc pipe.
Capacitors are part of circuits.
Capacitors are part of distributors.
Capacitors are passive devices that store and release electrons.
Capacitors are products.
Capacitors are to be discharged, if an inadvertent reactivation of the system is possible.
Capacitors are useful because of their ability to store electric energy.
Capacitors are useless for the purpose.
Capacitors belong in power supply sections, and nowhere else.
Capacitors can also eliminate ripples.
Capacitors can attract harmonics from neighboring customers into the facility.
Capacitors come in all shapes and sizes and are usually marked with their value.
Capacitors come in many sizes.
Capacitors connected in parallel add together their respective capacitance algebraically.
Capacitors do just the opposite.
Capacitors have a maximum voltage rating , much like resistors have a maximum power rating.
Capacitors have a strip on the neg side.
Capacitors have A. a voltage rating.
Capacitors have capacitve reactance which is the opposition to current flow provided by a capacitor.
Capacitors have high working voltages for dependable radio operation and long life.
Capacitors have lower losses than synchronous condensers.
Capacitors have the opposite effect and can compensate for the inductive motor windings.
Capacitors have values commonly indexed in Microfarads .
Capacitors help maintain voltage levels during peak power demands.
Capacitors hold the electronic signals for the data.
Capacitors Increase the damage caused by all beam weapons on board by a percentage.
Capacitors is the ratio of charge to potential difference.
Capacitors quiet the radio frequency noise that the motors generate.
Capacitors reduce to short circuits at high frequency .
Capacitors Solves all kinds of capacitor network problems.
Capacitors store electric potential, much the same way as a rechargeable battery does.
Capacitors store electrical energy.
Capacitors tend to be much less temperature and time variant than piezoresistors.
Capacitors usually have two legs.
All capacitors are Silver Mica.
All capacitors have high working voltages and long leads, ideal for hand wired circuits.
All capacitors have two connections , or leads .
All capacitors have two connections, or leads.
Most capacitors are the more reliable ceramic disc type.
Most capacitors have micro Farad ratings.
Some capacitors have several different constants mixed and used as the dielectric.
Some capacitors use the same method of showing the value by colour code.
Capacity building can follow after decisions about, and even steps toward, implementation.
Capacity building focuses on two major concerns, financial and technical or managerial.
Capacity building is a major problem.
Capacity building is a process .
Capacity building is an essential step for adaptation and mitigation strategies.
Capacity building is an important part of the project in developing countries.
Capacity building is another area which is of very great importance.
Capacity building is another feature of development.
Capacity building is essential to promote equitable participation between women, men and youth.
Capacity building is important as a prerequisite for permanent improvement of data quality.
Capacity building is obviously essential if enforcement is to be improved.
Capacity building is of the highest priority.
Capacity building is one such strategy.
Capacity building is the key issue to stimulate action.
Capacity building is the primary effort to be undertaken.
Capacity building is the primary step.
Capacity building is the sum of interest, expertise, and time.
Capacity building is what's counts.
Capacity building occurs before problem solving.
Capacity building refers to the efforts of people to improve their effectiveness.
Capacity building requires a commitment to long-term support.
Capacity building requires a message that all community sectors can understand.
Capacity development is inherently difficult .
Capacity factor is very sensitive to the average wind speed.
Capacity factor refers to the capability of a plant to produce energy.
Capacity factors are up.
Capacity loss is energy loss as a fraction of capacity before reaching the room.
Capacity management means many things to many people.
Capacity planning is critical.
Capacity planning sounds tricky for fast-growing companies.
Capacity units are part of volume.
Capacity utilisation is high and fixed business investment is projected to pick up.
Capacity utilisation is very high all year round.
Capacity utilization is a measure of total output compared to estimated capacity.
Capacities are a person s ability or capacity to experience or express something.
Capacities are approximate.
Capacities are estimates and some are based on total capacity forethylene glycols.
Capacities are flexible, depending on product mix.
Capacities are flexible.
Capacities are gross.
Capacities are highly flexible and actual production depends on availability of feedstocks.
Capacities are highly flexible and actual production depends on the availability of feedstocks.
Capacities are highly flexible, depending on product mix.
Capacities are highly flexible, since other acetate esters are made in the same units.
Capacities are large, being determined by a thick layer of adsorbed polyelectrolyte.
Capacities are maximum per site.
Capacities are maximums.
Capacities are subject to chage.
Capacities can fluctuate depending onequipment placement.
Capacities depend on tray configurations.
Capacities listed are for conference style seating.
Capacities listed are maximums in accordance with our standards.
Capacities range from two to eight persons.
Capacities shown are without the pestle inserted.
Capacities vary across the lot, with larger RVs typically having larger tanks.
Capacities vary depending on the selected room arrangements.
Capacities vary significantly according to make and model.
Capacities vary with conditions of product.
Capacity alone is hard pressed to keep up with the flood tide of new bits.
Capacity becomes an especially critical issue with extended oil drain intervals.
Capacity becomes meaningless without incorporating quality and patient satisfaction.
Capacity bounds for multiresource queues.
Capacity can be quota share or excess of loss depending on the risk.
Capacity can expand or contract with volume.
Capacity can mean many things, depending on the context.
Capacity comes in different qualities.
Capacity counts, but once a candidate passes that test, character counts more.
Capacity deals with the availability of necessary resources to make the venture successful.
Capacity deals with the capacity for that particular show, and it varies.
Capacity decreases as distance from base increases.
Capacity depends on factors.
Capacity depends on the amounts of acid and conjugate base in the solution.
Capacity depends on the surface area contact with the item being fished.
Capacity depends on usage.
Capacity favours our customers.
Capacity goes up, and flexibility begins to drop.
Capacity grows when additional frequencies are added to a network's spectrum.
Capacity has to be expanded in either event.
Capacity improves ability.
Capacity improves performance.
Capacity includes analyses.
Capacity includes driver.
Capacity increases from floppy drives to CD-ROMs to hard disks to tapes.
Capacity influences characteristics.
Capacity is a big factor.
Capacity is a familiar concept to the medical profession.
Capacity is a little larger due to the absence of the column.
Capacity is a measure of how much data a hard drive, or any other storage medium, can store.
Capacity is a poor way of measuring a contractor's ability to do business.
Capacity is a serious constraint in the processing and use of intelligence data.
Capacity is a somewhat arbitrary specification from the view of is it enough.
Capacity is a variable element that is affected by both seasonal demand and business cycles.
Capacity is ability.
Capacity is added as demand grows at a rate that keeps pricing stable.
Capacity is added through switching line cards, rather than through a central fabric.
Capacity is also task-specific.
Capacity is an all-time high.
Capacity is another big issue.
Capacity is available to expand production sharply once the phone has been launched outside Norway.
Capacity is based on uniform infeed and speed of the sorter.
Capacity is capability
Capacity is capability.
Capacity is currently close to full utilization.
Capacity is defined and expanded on, and methods of assessing capacity are provided.
Capacity is determined by the amount of instruments and equipment needed.
Capacity is determined by the internal cooling area.
Capacity is determined by the program and needs of the pupils assigned.
Capacity is down.
Capacity is eight rounds.
Capacity is essential at every level.
Capacity is extremely limited, so make reservations far in advance.
Capacity is fifty-five individuals.
Capacity is filled on a priority system.
Capacity is for seven passengers and seating can be configured in a number of ways.
Capacity is for six male residents.
Capacity is functions.
Capacity is geared to meet projected market demands a decade away.
Capacity is generally excellent and rates are competitive.
Capacity is greatest when using high air temperature and fast discharge rates.
Capacity is important for obvious reasons also.
Capacity is important.
Capacity is included to analyze arbitrarily large data sets.
Capacity is increased by increasing the total amount of distilled water available to the user.
Capacity is increased through faster data rates and smaller time slots.
Capacity is inevitably strained, and storage management further complicated.
Capacity is less in East Route irrigation districts and infiltration conditions are more deficient.
Capacity is limited and reservations required.
Capacity is limited by the amount of plant and equipment in operation at a moment in time.
Capacity is limited by the availability of commercial storage media.
Capacity is limited by the available manpower and the current operating system.
Capacity is limited by the nature of the reaction scheme required.
Capacity is limited by virtual memory size.
Capacity is limited for each post-conference tour, so please register early to be assured space.
Capacity is limited for each tour, so please register early to be assured space.
Capacity is limited only by disk size.
Capacity is limited so early reservations are recommended.
Capacity is limited to however many people can fit in the store before security freaks out.
Capacity is limited to two patrons at a time.
Capacity is limited, so please reserve early.
Capacity is limited.
Capacity is listed above.
Capacity is listed as it appears on the label.
Capacity is listed in cubic centimeters and Japanese cups.
Capacity is maintained by steep gradient, which helps move the bed load, especially during floods.
Capacity is measured in liters.
Capacity is measured in units called bits, bytes, kilobytes, megabytes, gigabytes and terabytes.
Capacity is needed to assess, select, import, develop and adapt appropriate technologies.
Capacity is no longer a function of premium alone.
Capacity is no longer relevant.
Capacity is now marginal.
Capacity is one issue, but impact to safety is our primary concern.
Capacity is one of the major considerations when sizing a valve.
Capacity is one of the most important features of agitators.
Capacity is oversaturated in airports and airways around the world.
Capacity is pilot plus up to three passengers.
Capacity is prior to the installation of an operating system.
Capacity is production.
Capacity is related to stage which can be obtained by staff readings at any time.
Capacity is seven families.
Capacity is shared among users, so the more people who log on, the longer the download time.
Capacity is simply the amount of water that the humidifier or vaporizer holds.
Capacity is size of the tube.
Capacity is still inadequate.
Capacity is subjective.
Capacity is sufficient for even large developments.
Capacity is sufficient to handle any necessary retests.
Capacity is the amount of data that the drive can store, after formatting.
Capacity is the biggest shortfall.
Capacity is the most important variable when estimating volumes on congested highways.
Capacity is the potential to do something.
Capacity is the power of either an organization or individual to perform or to produce.
Capacity is the power to receive training or instruction.
Capacity is the primary consideration for an automated backup system.
Capacity is the prospect's financial ability to give.
Capacity is the size of the tube.
Capacity is the sum of the two capacity per pupil measures.
Capacity is thus good in relation to other comparable, and certainly other African countries.
Capacity is tight.
Capacity is to be doubled within the next few years.
Capacity is tolerance.
Capacity is too low and cost is too high.
Capacity is too small for the asking price.
Capacity is total number of campers and staff the camp can accommodate at any one time.
Capacity is two or three people.
Capacity is understood as the six interrelated areas detailed below.
Capacity is underutilized.
Capacity is unlimited and can be permanent.
Capacity is unlimited.
Capacity is up and the corporate capital is replacing individual members.
Capacity is usually the most important single factor in selecting equipment.
Capacity is very important when determining the size of the gift to request.
Capacity is volume.
Capacity is weak.
Capacity isa capability.
Capacity makes CEC the choice for reliable delivery.
Capacity means having capable people to investigate and prosecute.
Capacity refers to uncompressed, nominal capacity.
Capacity reflects productivity.
Capacity relates to conductivity.
Capacity relates to thermal conductivity.
Capacity shown is for an uncompressed cartridge.
Capacity shown is for lecture set up.
Capacity varies approximately, linearly.
Capacity varies by media type.
Capacity varies depending on density and physical properties of product packed.
Capacity varies depending on the sleeping arrangement.
Capacity Welcome to our web site.
Capacity works to extend the minimum requirements through the shape and configuration of the space.
All capacities are approximate and dimensions are nominal.
All capacities come with a limited lifetime warranty.
All capacities given herein are nominal capacities.
More capacity is long overdue, and a second span needs to be built as quickly as possible.
More capacity is possible by connecting dishes together.
More capacity means a bulkier dispenser.
More capacity means fewer loads and less laundry to do.
Most capacity depends on factors.
Most capacity improves ability.
Most capacity includes analyses.
Most capacity is currently in Europe, especially Germany and Spain.
Most capacity reflects productivity.
Most capacity relates to conductivity.
Most capacity relates to thermal conductivity.
Some capacity exceeds capacity.
Some capacity exceeds transport capacity.
Some capacity limits growth.
Some capacity relates to extent.
A caparison is a tack
Caparisons are a wonderful way to deguise mundane tack and add heraldic flair to equestrian events.
Cape buffalo are always within a day's walk of a water source.
Cape buffalo come from Africa, and Water Buffalo live in Asia.
Some cape buffalo has predators.
Cape Coast is also an educational center.
Cape colors are an indication of rank.
Cape fear is self pollinating and produces well in our area.
Cape genets are omnivorous, due to their diverse, generalist diet that changes seasonally.
Cape genets are predominantly solitary, except while mating or when females rear young.
Cape genets feed primarily on the ground, where they normally stalk and pounce on their prey.
Cape genets have sebaceous anal glands that secrete a substance with a musky odour.
Cape gooseberries are eaten as both fruits and vegetables cooked in recipes .
Cape gooseberries are high in vitamin C content also and are thus good anti-oxidants.
Cape gooseberries are long-lasting.
Cape gooseberries are rich in vitamin C, vitamin P, and potassium.
Cape gooseberries are small round shaped fruits.
Cape gooseberries are used to treat asthma.
Cape gooseberries are warm-climate plants.
Cape gooseberries contain less calories and a kind of soluble fiber.
Cape gooseberries have many health benefits.
Cape gooseberries have many medicinal uses in many cultures and countries.
Cape gooseberries look like small tomatoes.
Cape gooseberries taste tangy-sweet.
Cape gooseberry is a very nutritious and tasty fruit.
Cape gooseberry is a very useful and nutritious fruit.
Cape gooseberry is a very useful fruit.
Cape gooseberry is consumed as a desert with honey also.
Cape gooseberry is used to make jam, jelly, pudding, pie, etc.
Some cape hyraxes produce urine.
Cape Island uses volunteers to relocate nests on a beach that be accessed only by boat.
Cape mountain zebras inhabit mountain ranges.
Cape mountain zebras inhabit ranges.
Cape porcupines are the largest rodents in southern Africa and also the world's largest porcupines.
Cape porcupines come out at night and rustle around in search of food.
Cape porcupines mate for life, meaning their marriages often last longer than the human variety.
Cape tribulation is one area where the rainforest runs right down to the water.
A cape is a ground
CAPE also offers computer training for individuals enrolled in the program.
Cape extending from crown to mantle is orange.
Cape genets prefer habitats with high vegetation cover and permanent water sources.
Cape isa garment.
Cape isa ground.
Cape isa land.
Cape prefer self catering.
Cape tulip Cape tulips grow from underground bulbs.
Capes are also prominent landmarks aiding navigation.
Capes are available in all colors above except camel.
Capes are classically romantic and dramatic.
Capes are cloaks.
Capes are easy targets for remodeling.
Capes are for sneaking.
Capes are full and have wide, turned-down collars.
Capes are lands.
Capes are really easy from seed, as are many other species of sundews.
Capes are reliable breeders and good parents.
Capes are the summits of our sailing souls.
Capes are tres chic.
Capes are wool, with muslin lining or matching lining in polished cotton or broadcloth.
Capes can be domestic or imported.
Capes deserve attention, but they are points of hope as well as capes of fear.
Capes have (part) bands.
Capes have (part) button holes.
Capes have (part) collars.
Capes have (part) cuffs.
Capes have (part) hems.
Capes have (part) lap covering.
Capes have (part) pocket flaps.
Capes have (part) pockets.
Capes have (part) sections.
Capes have (part) skirts.
Capes have (part) sleeve.
Capes have (part) stripes.
Capes have color.
All capes are worth cash.
Most capes have color.
Some capes have costumes.
Some capes have types.
Caper berries are a typical ingredient of antipasti appetizers.
Caper berries are large capers.
Caper movies are by their nature complicated.
A caper is a leap
Caper generally speaks very softly - sounding much like a small duck most of the time.
Caper is a border collie.
Capers add a burst of piquancy to seafood dishes and tomato sauces.
Capers add zip to salads and pizzas as well.
Capers also pair well with smoked or grilled salmon.
Capers are a close cousin.
Capers are a little too sour.
Capers are a staple of many salmon dishes.
Capers are an appetizer and digestive.
Capers are condiments.
Capers are crop plants.
Capers are flower buds that are hand-picked from shrubs before the flowers begin to bloom.
Capers are herbaceous plants.
Capers are leaps.
Capers are naturally very low in calories.
Capers are pickle.
Capers are plants.
Capers are robberies.
Capers are shrubs.
Capers are the pickled flower buds of a Mediterranean shrub.
Capers are the unopened buds of wild shrubs found in the Mediterranean.
Capers are the unopened flower bud of a bush native to the Mediterranean and parts of Asia.
Capers contain considerable amounts of the anti-oxidant bioflavinoid rutin.
Capers grow well there, so they are a major source of flavor in the sauce.
Capers has experience on the ground floor of an expansion team.
Capers have a pungent vinegar flavor that pairs well with chicken or antipasti dishes.
Capers is a coach who has experienced expansion birth.
Capers is definitely in shape, too.
Capers makes a lot of coded comments about how quality comes from the top down.
Capers offers over a hundred wines mainly from California wine regions.
Capers provides a welcome respite from the heat and the food is excellent.
Capers says they often conspire in unison to riddle opposing defenses.
A capercaillie is a grouse
Capercaillies eat the conifer needles during winter, when food is to short.
Capilary waves are the dominant form at high wavenumbers.
A capillarity is surface tension
Capillarities are surface tension.
Capillarity depends on both the cohesive and adhesive properties of the liquid.
Capillarity is one of the causes of the upward flow of water in the soil and in plants.
Capillarity is the elevation or depression of liquids in small diameter tubes.
Capillarity refers to a class of effects that depend on surface tension.
A capillary action is surface tension
Capillary action allows a paper towel or a sponge to be used to soak up spilled water.
Capillary action can be important when liquids infiltrate into porous materials.
Capillary action causes moisture to travel upward into the slab.
Capillary action depends on cohesion and adhesion.
Capillary action draws nutrient solution up through the growing medium.
Capillary action draws the paint into a fine pore.
Capillary action draws the water upward where it quickly evaporates, leaving a salty residue behind.
Capillary action drives the recondensed liquid back to the evaporator side.
Capillary action fills the channels with a polymer precursor.
Capillary action helps pull like molecules along by forces of adhesion.
Capillary action is a result of the surface tension of liquids.
Capillary action is also a result of surface tension.
Capillary action is different because it depends upon the surface tension properties of water.
Capillary action is more difficult to resolve.
Capillary action is the reason water in a saucer is sucked up into a flower pot.
Capillary action occurs in very narrow tubes or channels.
Capillary action pulls the thin ink through the fibers.
Capillary action results from the porosity.
Capillary action takes place in dry climates.
Some capillary blood mixes with blood.
Capillary density is increased.
Capillary dynamics are critical for exchange of nutrients and wastes in the tissues.
Capillary electrophoresis requires that the templates are absolutely clean.
Capillary electrophoresis separates many compounds found in cheddar cheese.
Capillary endothelium is always permeable to water and salts.
Capillary films are best.
Capillary force allows small, flat, solid plates to float on liquids.
Capillary force is illustrated by how far water rises in tubes of various diameters.
Capillary forces are also important for retaining water in soil pores.
Capillary forces are at work here.
Some capillary forces are generated by fluid.
Capillary haemorrhage occurs in the dermis of fins and trunk and in the submucosa of the stomach.
Capillary hemangiomas are common.
Capillary hemangiomas are composed nearly entirely of tiny capillary vessels.
Capillary hemangiomas contain capillary size vessels lined by flattened endothelial cells.
Capillary integrity is improved dramatically by the proanthocyanidins.
Capillary mats work best for plants in plastic pots with many holes.
Capillary networks connect the arterioles and venules.
Capillary permeability is increased in the inflamed tissue.
Capillary pressure is the force that causes lateral movement.
Capillary pressure is the same force that draws water into a sponge.
Some capillary pressure decreases capillary filtration.
Some capillary pressure decreases capillary fluid filtration.
Some capillary pressure decreases filtration.
Some capillary pressure decreases fluid filtration.
Capillary refill is brisk.
Capillary refill is poor.
Capillary sample is held in cut out section of rod.
Capillary suction is a strong force.
Capillary thrombosis is quite prominent.
A capillary tube is a tube
Capillary tubes cut sample temperature lag to less than a second.
Capillary vasculitis is found in every affected organ system.
Capillary walls are quite permeable.
Capillary walls have no double contour.
Capillary water is the water located within the smaller pores.
Capillary water is used by the plants.
Capillary waves are almost always present in the ocean.
Capillary waves are important in starting the process of energy transfer from the air to the water.
Capillary waves are small waves with periods of less than one-tenth of a second.
A capillary is a tube
Capillaries also help control the amount of heat lost through the skin.
Capillaries appear as elongated, often branched structures, located in a clear space.
Capillaries are actually very tiny little arteries and veins.
Capillaries are also evident.
Capillaries are also interwoven among sweat tubules.
Capillaries are also involved in the body's release of excess heat.
Capillaries are available in a multitude of shapes and sizes.
Capillaries are better able to stretch thus increasing blood flow.
Capillaries are between veins and arteries and they supply tissue with blood .
Capillaries are between veins and arteries and they supply tissue with blood.
Capillaries are blood vessels whose walls are formed by only one layer of cells, the endothelium.
Capillaries are blood vessels.
Capillaries are concentrated into capillary beds .
Capillaries are embedded in tissue, they allow the exchange of gases within the tissue.
Capillaries are fragile and can be damaged easily.
Capillaries are fragile, and any slight trauma results in hemorrhage.
Capillaries are lined with endothelial cells.
Capillaries are located in the papillae.
Capillaries are microscopic vessels.
Capillaries are one cell thick.
Capillaries are only one-cell thick.
Capillaries are our smallest blood vessels.
Capillaries are part of thermometers.
Capillaries are small , and smaller than any other blood vessels .
Capillaries are small vessels where arteries and veins meet.
Capillaries are small, and smaller than any other blood vessels.
Capillaries are small.
Capillaries are so small that only one cell can pass through at one time.
Capillaries are surrounded by blood capillaries.
Capillaries are surrounded by capillaries.
Capillaries are the largest of the blood vessels.
Capillaries are the points of exchange between the blood and surrounding tissues.
Capillaries are the semi-permeable membrane.
Capillaries are the site of gas exchange.
Capillaries are the smallest blood vessels in the body.
Capillaries are thin-walled vessels which form a network connecting the arteries and veins.
Capillaries are tiny vessels lined by a single layer of endothelial cells.
Capillaries are tubes.
Capillaries are very near the surface.
Capillaries are very small blood vessels that carry blood to all parts of the body.
Capillaries are very small blood vessels that surround muscle fibres.
Capillaries are very thin and fragile and are only one epithelial cell thick.
Capillaries are visible to the top and left margins of the image.
Capillaries become sparse, distorted and irregular.
Capillaries bring the milk building blocks to alveoli cells for milk assembling.
Capillaries carry blood.
Capillaries carry oxygen.
Capillaries connect arteries to veins .
Capillaries connect arteries.
Capillaries connect the ends of the smallest arteries with the beginnings of the smallest veins .
Capillaries connect the smallest arteries with the smallest veins.
Capillaries connect the smallest arteris with the smalest vaines.
Capillaries connect veins to arteries.
Capillaries converge to form venules.
Capillaries differ in their permeability throughout the body.
Capillaries do introduce two kinds of problems.
Capillaries exchange the blood from the arteries for the blood from the veins.
Capillaries expand, activating blood circulation throughout the whole body to enhance metabolism.
Capillaries feed and remove cell waste, thus connecting arterioles and venules.
Capillaries form a dense network in all organs so that all cells are close to a capillary.
Capillaries form a network that distributes blood to all parts of the body.
Capillaries go between arteries and veins .
Capillaries go between arteries and veins.
Capillaries have (part) readsides.
Capillaries have (part) sections.
Capillaries have a diameter that is approximately the same as a single cell in the body.
Capillaries have no tunica media nor externa.
Capillaries have thin walls.
Capillaries have walls.
Capillaries is where exchange occurs.
Capillaries is where the oxygen is utilized by the body.
Capillaries join arterial blood flow to venous blood flow.
Capillaries located under the tongue permit the vitamin to directly enter the bloodstream.
Capillaries possess neither a tunica media nor a tunica adventitia.
Capillaries separate a gas from a liquid.
Capillaries separate gases.
Capillaries serve for exchange of substances including blood gases.
Capillaries surround alveoluses.
Capillaries surround and saturate the brain.
Capillaries surround glands.
Capillaries surround individual collagen bundles within the endotenon.
Capillaries surround sweat glands.
Capillaries Watch the exchange of gases that takes place in the capillaries.
Capillaries wind around and exchange materials with the tubule.
Capillary isa tube.
Capillary isa tubing.
Capillaries usually are bilateral and are symmetrically distributed on the skin.
Many capillaries are ruptured, and red and white blood corpuscles are also absorbed.
Many capillaries lie just beneath the cuticle, making the exchange of gases easy.
Most capillaries are part of thermometers.
Most capillaries are surrounded by blood capillaries.
Most capillaries are surrounded by capillaries.
Most capillaries carry blood.
Most capillaries carry oxygen.
Most capillaries connect arteries.
Most capillaries have walls.
Most capillaries surround alveoluses.
Most capillaries surround sweat glands.
Some capillaries are open on one end and release RBCs into the spaces surrounding the blood sinuses.
Some capillaries are surrounded by bowman capsules.
Some capillaries are surrounded by capsules.
Some capillaries collect water.
Some capillaries move water.
Some capillaries supply tissue.
Some capillaries surround distal tubules.
Some capillaries surround nephron tubules.
Some capillaries surround proximal tubules.
Some capillaries surround tubules.
A capital account is a financial statement
Capital account includes operations with capital transfers and non-financial assets.
Capital accumulation can continue indefinitely so long as sufficient savings are made available.
Capital accumulation is how countries generate real wealth.
Capital accumulation is made possible by more capital intensive production processes.
Capital accumulation means adding to our capital stock.
Some capital accumulation takes places.
Capital adequacy is a critical element of a bank's safety and soundness.
Capital adequacy is defined as the ratio of total bank capital to risk assets.
Capital adequacy is the economic value of the fund divided by the total insurance in force.
Capital adequacy requirements ii.
Capital allowances give a taxpayer relief for certain types of capital expenditure.
Capital appreciation comes from changes in the price of the investment.
Capital appreciation happens when the share price of the company s equity rises in the stockmarket.
Capital appreciation is a secondary consideration of the account.
Capital appreciation is a secondary consideration.
Capital appreciation is a secondary objective.
Capital appreciation is less important.
Capital assets mean savings, investments or property other than their home.
Capital assets receive a step-up in basis when transferred at death.
All capital assets are accountable.
Capital campaign is completed.
Capital campaigns allow donors to pledge a large amount and pay it off over several years.
Capital campaigns are necessary to meet extraordinary challenges.
Capital campaigns are only part of a strategy.
Capital campaigns raise funds for the physical plant and for endowment.
Capital campaigns raise money that is spent to acquire or improve a physical asset.
Capital campaigns run longer than annual campaigns.
Most capital campaigns consist of five specific phases with specific goals.
Capital cases are complex matters.
Capital cases are incredibly resource-intensive.
Capital cases are long and expensive and there is no proof that it deters crime.
Capital cases are more expensive in respect to both time and money.
Capital cases are often full of errors.
Capital cases are the costliest of criminal cases.
Capital cases are the most visible and charged of all criminal cases.
Capital cases can go through three stages of court review.
Capital cases receive automatic review.
Capital cities are cities.
Capital cities are located in countries.
Capital city comprises all state and territory capital city statistical divisions.
Capital city is Belgrade.
Capital city is Brussels.
Capital city is Gaborone .
Capital City is now without a superhero.
Capital city is one of Atlanta's oldest and wealthiest clubs.
Capital city is Salem.
Every capital city has restaurants where the legislators and lobbyists hang out.
Most capital cities offer cooking schools as well, with courses ranging from a day to a week.
Some capital cities become homes.
Capital controls are a tried technique for dealing with unstable capital movements.
Capital controls are no substitute for sound macroeconomic and structural policies.
Capital controls are the effective way to protect emerging economies from external vulnerability.
Capital controls are the main identifiable barrier to mobility.
Capital controls are undesirable.
Capital controls is a sideshow.
Capital controls play at most a minor role.
Capital controls provide an alternative policy response to capital flow reversals.
Capital cost is a mixture of the borrowing rate for debt, and equity.
Capital cost is low and payback is typically less than two years.
Capital cost is opportunity cost
Capital costs are also uncontrolled, so prices are also higher here for durable medical equipment.
Capital costs are down.
Capital costs are high for the latter.
Capital costs are high.
Capital costs are higher, as such a system requires larger chillers and a larger ice storage system.
Capital costs are likely to be modest due to good local infrastructure.
Capital costs are low because it's so easy to use.
Capital costs are the interest paid to the bank on the loan.
Capital costs can be significant.
Capital costs is an issue with both motorcars.
Some capital cost relates to cost.
Most capital defendants are poor.
Capital equipment has the same price throughout the world.
Capital equipment has to be replaced, maintained and disposed of to the best tax advantage.
Capital equipment is a critically important and necessary component of the research enterprise.
Capital equipment is another key area.
Capital equipment is depreciated at a scheduled rate.
Capital equipment is inventoried every two years.
Capital equipment is merely past labour.
Capital equipment is obtained through project funding by the government.
Capital equipment is subject to special screening when purchased.
Any capital equipment received by departments as gifts from outside donors is subject to inventory.
A capital expenditure is cost
Capital expenditure creates or improves assets such as buildings and roads.
Capital expenditure does reduce profit and, consequently, shareholders' dividends.
Capital expenditure is deductible, although depreciation is available.
Capital expenditure is no different.
Capital expenditure is relatively low, and creditors are on the increase.
Capital expenditure is separate from spending on the revenue items shown above.
Capital expenditure is still about the substitution of capital for labor in a tight labor market.
Capital expenditure means the cost of the asset including the cost to put it in place.
Capital expenditure requests a supplemental form in addition to the application.
Capital expenditures affect operations indirectly through depreciation.
Capital expenditures are cost.
Capital expenditures are down considerably over the levels of three or four years ago.
Capital expenditures are down.
Capital expenditures are frequently the easy sell even if it is a multi-million dollar cost.
Capital expenditures are one of the first things to be reduced in leaner times.
Capital expenditures are purchases for long-term assets such as equipment, building, or land.
Capital expenditures exclude acquisitions and proceeds of asset sales.
Capital expenditures is next.
Capital expenditures refer to the net spending on fixed assets.
Capital expenditures relate to acquisition of general fixed assets.
Capital expenditures require solid plans for the future and financial metrics.
Capital expenditures result in the acquisition of capital assets.
Capital expenditures run high in the industry, as theme hotels strain belief to become glitzier.
Capital expenditures show little sign of recovery in prospect.
Capital expenses are assets or improvements with a useful life of more than one year.
Capital flight includes private capital and proceeds from trade.
Capital flight increases the level of corruption.
Capital flight is a serious problem.
Capital flight is related to lack of technological development.
Capital flow is the most critical factor in the era of free and borderless trade.
Capital flows are a vivid example.
Capital flows are both bigger and quicker than before.
Capital flows can be hugely disruptive and socially punitive.
Capital flows have a larger influence.
Capital flows have no frontiers.
Capital flows offer tremendous benefits, but they also bring risks.
All capital flows enjoy absolute freedom of movement in and out of our economy.
Capital formation comes from franchisees who provide the capital for their own operation.
Capital formation is a key ingredient to productivity growth.
Capital formation is an area that needs to be completely restructured.
Capital formation is an essential role for the national government in transportation federalism.
Capital formation is necessary for economic growth and rising wages.
Capital formation is often a priority.
Capital formation is often a significant challenge facing business.
Capital formation is one of the most significant problems of both seasoned and start-up companies.
Capital formation is the key.
Capital formation is the one and only source of wealth creation and general prosperity.
Capital formation is very much a reflection of the economy's health.
Capital formation is vital as well.
Capital formation makes the average American worker more productive.
Capital funds are a different matter, typically supported by grants and fundraising.
Capital funds are exceedingly difficult to obtain in the present economy.
Capital funds are only available by expansion of provincial debt.
Capital funds provide for land, buildings, equipment, maintenance, upgrading or acquisition.
Capital gain is arrived at by subtracting the adjusted basis from the adjusted sale price.
Capital gain is financial gain
Capital gain is financial gain.
Capital gain is the net difference between the sale price and the cost of a property.
Capital gain is the profit from selling at a higher price than originally paid for.
Capital gains affect gross income only in the amount of the net gain on each transaction.
Capital gains are a part of taxable income.
Capital gains are absurdly easy to calculate.
Capital gains are always better than capital losses.
Capital gains are before carryover and loss limit.
Capital gains are better than ordinary income for two reasons.
Capital gains are exciting for individuals.
Capital gains are gains taxed at special lower tax rates.
Capital gains are however taxable.
Capital gains are includable in the Arizona gross income of a corporation.
Capital gains are likely to remain tax- free.
Capital gains are on virtually all items held for appreciation purposes by seniors.
Capital gains are one of the primary rewards for economic risk-taking.
Capital gains are profits and anything that punishes profits punishes growth.
Capital gains are profits from selling property such as stocks, bonds and real estate.
Capital gains are sexier, and get better tax treatment to boot.
Capital gains are so much more rewarding than dividends.
Capital gains are subject to tax in the same manner as any other forms of income.
Capital gains are taxable.
Capital gains are the name of the game for most investors.
Capital gains are the profits earned from the sale of assets like stocks and real estate.
Capital gains are the profits from the sale of investments like stocks and bonds.
Capital gains are the profits from the sale of stock, land and other capital assets.
Capital gains are the profits made from selling capital.
Capital gains are to be shown separately for short term and long term.
Capital gains arising from the exchange of shares are also exempt.
Capital gains arising in the hands of the foreigner, on sale of shares is taxable in India.
Capital gains can be available on the sale of breeding animals and their offspring.
Capital gains carry a favored tax status.
Capital gains is an interesting concept.
Capital gains is calculated on the gain made when the property is sold.
Capital gains is derived from trading in the market and can also be reinvested.
Capital gains is the difference between the amount paid at purchase and the selling price.
Capital gains is usually payable when the property is sold or inherited.
Capital gains offset capital losses dollar for dollar.
Capital gains receive more favorable tax treatment than regular income.
Capital gains reporting are the responsibility of the taxpayer.
Capital goods are also freely importable, including second hand ones in the food processing sector.
Capital goods are durable assets that firms use in production like buildings.
Capital goods are good that are produced and used to make other goods and services.
Capital goods are goods that are produced and used to make other goods and services.
Capital goods are goods which are necessary for producing other goods.
Capital goods are the result of production, making it possible to influence their creation.
Capital goods come out of savings.
Capital goods consist of buildings, blast furnaces, tractors, computers, etc.
Capital goods get their value from the final products.
Capital goods have long lives - they yield returns for many years.
Capital goods imported from outside Central America do pay a zero per cent tariff.
All capital goods have a more or less specific character.
Most capital goods are freely importable.
Capital income is mainly income from sale of assests.
Capital indices reflect increases or decreases of the market value based on the price of shares.
Capital inflows are also likely to increase.
Capital inflows are the necessary counterpart to our current-account deficit.
Capital inflows boost the economy, resulting in increases in employment and income.
Capital inflows has a strong relationship with the level of domestic savings.
Capital inflows vary greatly among countries.
Capital intensity is determined by the prices of production factor.
Capital investment can be large when doing big acres.
Capital investment demands influence Israel's peace initiatives.
Capital investment is a fraction of that demanded by other traditional franchise concepts.
Capital investment is another contribution, also deserving an agreed share in the returns.
Capital investment is anticipated to be relatively strong despite the completion of major projects.
Capital investment is at a record.
Capital investment is based on fair market value of the assets.
Capital investment is down.
Capital investment is likely to do well in a non-inflationary environment.
Capital investment is low as compared to vacuum evaporation or sputtering.
Capital investment is offset by inexpensive labor costs.
Capital investment is relatively higher compared to open mold processes.
Capital investment is required.
Capital investment is the sum of installed costs and a user specified allowance for contingencies.
Capital investment looks like a bargain by comparison.
Capital investment made during the year is to be excluded.
Capital investment means jobs.
Capital investment needs as well as repair budgets can then be projected.
Capital investment works sort of like traffic.
Capital investments are too great.
Capital investments continue to be made.
Capital investments cross national frontiers almost unnoticed.
Capital investments flow across national boundaries unnoticed.
More capital investment means higher incomes for all workers.
More capital investment means more jobs.
Most capital investment is for renewal and rationalization.
Most capital investments provide a stream of cash receipts for several years.
Capital leases are essentially installment purchases of property.
Capital leases are generally net leases.
Capital leases are leases that eventually transfer ownership of the leased assets to the lessee.
A capital letter is a graphic symbol
Capital letter is used for a dominant allele.
Capital letters account for only five percent of all letters in written English.
Capital letters are all basically square and are therefore less readable.
Capital letters are anion layers, lowercase are cation layers.
Capital letters are different from lowercase letters.
Capital letters are different from small letters.
Capital letters are great for emphasis, but it is annoying to read posts that are all caps.
Capital letters are harder to read.
Capital letters are no higher than the ascenders, preferably less.
Capital letters are on the reverse of the lower case tiles.
Capital letters are the electronic version of shouting.
Capital letters are the equivalent of shouting at someone.
Capital letters are the on-line equivalent of shouting.
Capital letters are unnecessary.
Capital letters are usually easier for young children to learn first.
Capital letters are usually the same height and width.
Capital letters are variables, small letters are functions.
Capital letters are, of course, obligatory.
Capital letters have different functions than small letters, often completely unrelated.
Capital letters have no effect on searches.
Capital letters indicate new material to be added to existing statute.
Capital letters indicate section level.
Capital letters indicate string alignment otherwise tree editing is used.
Capital letters indicate sub-headings in main topics.
Capital letters indicate the amino acids are aligned and a hyphen is a gap.
Capital letters indicate the series.
Capital letters indicate the words that help to establish the exact connections.
Capital letters mean continous data, lowercase letters mean a zero-crossing trigger.
Capital letters mean that there are a lot of variations or commentary in the game.
Capital letters refer to Dominant genes, lower case refer to recessive genes.
Capital letters Remember that the English system is different from the French one.
Capital letters represent dominant traits, and lowercase letters represent recessive traits.
Capital letters represent matrices and lower case letters represent real numbers.
Capital letters represent nuclei, and lower case letters represent fiber tracts.
Capital letters show high population worlds.
Capital letters signify the dark pieces and lowercase are the light pieces.
Capital letters turn the switch off for the corresponding option.
All capital letters are less attractive and harder to read.
All capital letters are optional.
All capital letters are significantly harder to read.
All capital letters indicate full-page illustrations.
Many capital letters are very confusing.
Capital loss is financial loss
Capital loss is financial loss.
Capital losses are deductible from capital gains and, to a limited extent, other income.
Capital losses are deductible from taxable income.
Capital losses are non-deductible.
Capital market controls discourage foreign investment.
Capital market flows.
Capital markets allocate resources between stand alone, single-product firms.
Capital markets are also a critical way of integrating Africa into the world economy.
Capital markets are global.
Capital markets are incredibly volatile and dominated by dynamic and frequent changes.
Capital markets are neither perfectly efficient nor value-free.
Capital markets are no longer enthusiastic.
Capital markets are now fully global and very efficient.
Capital markets are now very tight.
Capital markets are the most effective means of doing so.
Capital markets are vulnerable to shocks in the same way that banks are.
Capital markets lack dynamism.
Capital markets offer the best alternative.
Capital markets play key roles in both frameworks.
Capital markets remain sadly underdeveloped and aredwarfed in size by banking assets.
Capital markets review.
Capital markets serve a more fundamental purpose in a capitalist society.
Capital mobility can thereby enable investors to achieve higher risk-adjusted rates of return.
Capital mobility seems to have acted to cap taxes on corporate profits.
Capital murder carries a maximum sentence of life in prison or the death penalty.
Capital murder is a murder committed with another felony.
Capital murder is as big as it gets for a prosecutor.
Capital murder is punishable by death or life imprisonment.
Capital murder is punishable by life in prison or death by lethal injection.
Capital murder is punishable by life in prison or death.
Capital murder is punishable by life in prison or the death penalty.
Capital murder is punishable upon conviction by life in prison or death by lethal injection.
Capital murder is rare.
Capital murder requires more than a premeditated murder.
Capital punishment adds to the death.
Capital punishment applies to all humans.
Capital punishment can be moral only when is necessary for public safety.
Capital punishment costs less than life imprisionment.
Capital punishment denies due process of law because it is irrevocable.
Capital punishment deprives a person of the opportunity to repent.
Capital punishment destroys the chance of convicted criminals to rehabilitate.
Capital punishment deters others from committing such offenses.
Capital punishment discriminates against the poor.
Capital punishment does stem back many years.
Capital punishment fails in all areas of necessity, deterrence and justification.
Capital punishment falls especially on the underprivileged of our society.
Capital punishment feeds the anger and the hurt of the victims.
Capital punishment focuses on retribution, sometimes reflecting a spirit of vengeance.
Capital punishment gives the government the legal right to commit first-degree murder.
Capital punishment goes against almost every religion.
Capital punishment grips the imagination of contemporary America like no other issue.
Capital punishment has a biblical basis.
Capital punishment has a proven deterrent effect on the murder rate.
Capital punishment has many supporters.
Capital punishment ignores corporate and community guilt.
Capital punishment ignores the entire concept of rehabilitation.
Capital punishment is a barbaric remnant of an uncivilized society.
Capital punishment is a barbaric remnant of uncivilized society.
Capital punishment is a better deterrent to murder than imprisonment.
Capital punishment is a complex issue.
Capital punishment is a contentious issue, though it has plenty of American advocates.
Capital punishment is a contradiction in every sense of the word.
Capital punishment is a controversial topic that is frequently in the news.
Capital punishment is a controversial way of dealing with violent criminals.
Capital punishment is a definite deterrent to crime.
Capital punishment is a deterrent to homicide.
Capital punishment is a fundamental principle for equal justice under law.
Capital punishment is a fundamental principle to a peaceful and happy society.
Capital punishment is a legal application of the death sentence.
Capital punishment is a legal penalty in Indonesia .
Capital punishment is a matter of law.
Capital punishment is a method of retributive punishment as old as civilization itself.
Capital punishment is a method open to irremediable mistakes.
Capital punishment is a primitive idea, rooted in revenge.
Capital punishment is a reasonable penalty for murderers.
Capital punishment is a regular feature of the Torah.
Capital punishment is a self-inflicted wound.
Capital punishment is abolished.
Capital punishment is already the law in the state of Maryland.
Capital punishment is also a lie.
Capital punishment is always problematic.
Capital punishment is an expensive way to deal with the problem of violent crime.
Capital punishment is an expression of humanity's most base desires for bloody vengeance.
Capital punishment is an expression of society's moral outrage at offensive conduct.
Capital punishment is an ignoble, irrevocable act of revenge.
Capital punishment is an intolerable denial of civil liberties.
Capital punishment is an outpost of gender discrimination.
Capital punishment is another.
Capital punishment is applied unfairly.
Capital punishment is arbitrary.
Capital punishment is awarded in retaliation for another life that has been taken illegally.
Capital punishment is both a cruel and an unusual punishment.
Capital punishment is corporal punishment
Capital punishment is cruel and unusual.
Capital punishment is death.
Capital punishment is defined as death penalties.
Capital punishment is denied as cruel and inhuman punishment .
Capital punishment is fair to all ethnic groups and both genders, as well as to all social classes.
Capital punishment is favored by the vast majority of all the world's citizens.
Capital punishment is important.
Capital punishment is imposed unequally among the races.
Capital punishment is in our opinion an ethically wrong method of punishment.
Capital punishment is ineffective as a deterrent, costly, uncivilized and inhumane.
Capital punishment is inflicted disproportionately on the poor and minorities.
Capital punishment is inherently unjust.
Capital punishment is inhumane.
Capital punishment is justice first, and a deterrent as a by-product.
Capital punishment is justified by several means.
Capital punishment is justified.
Capital punishment is little more than state sanctioned murder.
Capital punishment is marketed as the answer to deal with violent crime.
Capital punishment is meant to be a deterrent to crime, specifically murder.
Capital punishment is meant to remove individuals from society.
Capital punishment is more expensive than life imprisonment.
Capital punishment is more expensive than life in prison.
Capital punishment is needed in order to keep our society from becoming one filled with criminals.
Capital punishment is no longer a live issue.
Capital punishment is nothing more than a grand societal cop-out.
Capital punishment is nothing more than state sponsored homicide.
Capital punishment is now the law in more than two thirds of our States.
Capital punishment is of doubtful value as a deterrent.
Capital punishment is one area where clear differences exist.
Capital punishment is one of the most popularly debated topics in the nation today.
Capital punishment is one of the oldest forms of punishment.
Capital punishment is one such issue.
Capital punishment is our societies recognition of the sanctity of human life.
Capital punishment is our society's recognition of the sanctity of human life.
Capital punishment is part of the circle of death.
Capital punishment is permitted under both U.S. and international law.
Capital punishment is popular in the United States.
Capital punishment is possible for certain drug-related crimes.
Capital punishment is probably the most just form of punishment in the justice system right now.
Capital punishment is punishment by death.
Capital punishment is really no answer.
Capital punishment is simply the powerful killing the indefensible.
Capital punishment is society's version of self-defense.
Capital punishment is something that belongs in another century.
Capital punishment is still part of the penal code in Albania, Latvia, and the United States.
Capital punishment is such a duty.
Capital punishment is supported by a majority of the citizens in a majority of the states.
Capital punishment is supposed to be swift and certain, leaving no room for error.
Capital punishment is tantamount to a repudiation of the divine nature of man.
Capital punishment is the legal infliction of death on people convicted of a crime.
Capital punishment is the most calculating, premeditated form of murder there is.
Capital punishment is the most controversial sentence.
Capital punishment is the most severe and harsh punishment that is available.
Capital punishment is the politically correct term for revenge.
Capital punishment is the right of the state.
Capital punishment is the ultimate deterrent.
Capital punishment is the ultimate punishment, and also the ultimate thrill.
Capital punishment is therefor necessary but there are opponents who think that it is barbaric.
Capital punishment is therefore a policy Colorado can live with.
Capital punishment is to be implemented because of the sanctity of human life.
Capital punishment is to the rest of all law as surrealism is to realism.
Capital punishment is to the whole society what self-defense is to the individual.
Capital punishment is too cheap and easy a way of absolving the guilty conscience of mankind.
Capital punishment is unacceptable and belongs to the past.
Capital punishment is unacceptable.
Capital punishment is used in an arbitrary and discriminatory way.
Capital punishment is vengeance.
Capital punishment is warranted due to the sanctity of life.
Capital punishment is wasteful.
Capital punishment is wrong.
Capital punishment is, pardon the redundancy, a punishment for crime.
Capital Punishment Legalizing capital punishment across the United States is a good idea.
Capital punishment offers only vengeance and more death.
Capital punishment ought to be abolished now.
Capital punishment ought to be administered with absolute fairness.
Capital punishment perpetuates the concepts of vengeance and retaliation.
Capital punishment places the whole society in the position of life-taker.
Capital punishment presents many social and ethical questions.
Capital punishment provides victims' families with an outlet for revenge.
Capital punishment rejects the message of forgiveness.
Capital punishment says that the condemned prisoner has NO value . .
Capital punishment seeks to remedy violent crime or murder by taking the perpetrator's life.
Capital punishment serves no purpose.
Capital punishment sets examples of murders and wrongdoers.
Capital punishment solves nothing.
Capital punishment turns the state into a murderer.
Capital punishment violates human dignity.
Capital punishment works.
Capital radio is based on property rights, the rights to songs, images, sounds, etc.
Capital ratios are at their highest levels ever.
Capital ratios remain at their highest levels ever.
Capital ratios remain very strong and exceed well-capitalized regulatory guidelines.
Capital requirements are one of the most significant barriers to entry in modern agriculture.
Capital resources ensure ability.
A capital ship is a military vehicle
A capital ship is a ship
Capital ships are enormous - and can be operated cooperatively by groups of players.
Capital ships are generally some of the largest and most heavily armored ships in a fleet.
Capital ships are ships that are powerful.
Capital sigma means 'the sum of'.
Capital spending continues to decline, and consumer spending is being dragged down with it.
Capital spending has an important influence on an industry's performance and growth.
Capital spending insures a continuing pace of replacement stores and remodels.
Capital spending is also likely to rise substantially.
Capital spending is always recaptured with tariff increases.
Capital spending is in the tank and sinking fast.
Capital spending is nontrivial.
Capital spending is slow, and industrial capacity utilization is at a noninflationary level.
Capital spending is the other.
Capital spending is tracked on a statutory basis of accounting.
Capital spending is up.
Capital spending remains solid, especially for producers durable equipment.
Capital spending remains tightly controlled.
Capital stock grows in line with payroll, with adjustment for effects of legislated tax changes.
Capital stock grows in line with payroll, with adjustment for effects of status quo tax changes.
Capital stock is book values.
Capital stock is stock
Capital stock is the total amount of stock authorized for issue by a corporation.
Capital structure is one of the most important components of solvency analysis.
Capital structure is reviewed to determine feasibility and desirability of additional financing.
Capital structure refers to a company's sources of financing.
Capital structure represents how firms or projects are financed.
Capital surplus is the amount that the corporation received in excess of the stock's par value.
Capital tax is charged on paid-up capital in excess of a threshold amount.
Capital university offers two pre-occupational therapy programs.
Capital accounts at the end of the period.
Capital also has a designated adviser to work with undecided students.
Capital also has a full show room of new equipment with on-site sales personnel.
Capital also has a law school.
Capital also is a social relation of production.
Capital also leaks out of local economies.
Capital also limits the number of choices one has regarding genetic and environmental decisions.
Capital also maintains an excellent record of teacher placement for English education majors.
Capital also means wealth.
Capital also offers a minor in historic preservation.
Capital appear Parents under thumb to some review online casino how blame behind any forty.
Capital are at an free online credit report.
Capital becomes conscious one person at a time.
Capital begets more capital.
Capital begins to disappear.
Capital boiled fish paste is dealt with.
Capital breeds capital.
Capital brings back two starters and is a slight favorite, for the moment, to take the district.
Capital brings no profit, and labor no remuneration.
Capital buys their fryers, roasters, and capons from Amish farmers in northeastern Indiana.
Capital can also mean funds used to finance the activities of a firm.
Capital can also translate into ownership and control.
Capital can be a third major barrier to success.
Capital can be less and provided in stages.
Capital can be scarce in both places.
Capital can commit no crime when it is in pursuit of profits.
Capital can make labor more productive.
Capital can move across borders through a variety of general vehicles.
Capital can move to where it is most efficiently used, and the more choices it has, the better.
Capital can no longer afford the cost of the welfare state.
Capital can now move to wherever it is most profitable.
Capital can relocate easily from one developing country to another.
Capital can transfer investment in new plants to places where labor is weak.
Capital can write off losses, collect insurance in some cases, and re-invest elsewhere.
Capital carries a diverse line of redwood lumber products.
Capital ceases to be mobile once it is in the hands of working people.
Capital chases new ideas, even if they can t expect a big return.
Capital comes before people and serious inequalities occur.
Capital comes from pooled resources.
Capital comes from savings and savings are forgone consumption.
Capital comes from savings.
Capital comes in two basic types.
Capital consistently ranks among the highest of the nine Ohio law schools in placement rates.
Capital continually circulates in search of maximum investment opportunities.
Capital continues to be abundant, flexible and competitively priced for FMAC customers.
Capital continues to be strong.
Capital continues to freely shed workers and roam the earth seeking the highest rate of profit.
Capital covers losses that are unexpected.
Capital deals with the owners' financial contribution and vested interest in the project.
Capital depreciates with use, but knowledge appreciates.
Capital dries up.
Capital exists for the sake and convenience of human beings.
Capital Find out about opportunities for raising capital.
Capital flows freely across borders, but labor is a fixed factor in each country.
Capital flows from one point on the globe to another in moments.
Capital flows in the global economy.
Capital flows into a large open economy are positively related to the rate of interest.
Capital flows into the Czech Republic and Hungary, once the region's darlings, are stabilizing.
Capital flows now exceed by far current account flows.
Capital flows out of Canada.
Capital flows out of system to developed country for reinvestment.
Capital flows where the profits are highest.
Capital flows wherever it can make bigger profits.
Capital focuses on expanding companies.
Capital follows opportunity.
Capital gain income needs to be taxed as regular income, on a steeply progressive scale.
Capital gain tax deduction.
Capital gain tax rates are better than ordinary income tax rates.
Capital gains A gain in price on a financial asset such as a stock, bond or mutual fund.
Capital gains Capital gains are treated as ordinary income subject to corporate income tax.
Capital gains Profits an investor makes from the sale of real estate or investments.
Capital gains Real estate investment trusts are a timely choice for safe growth and income.
Capital gains recognition of gifts of appreciated property is reduced and deferred.
Capital gains recognition on gifts of appreciated property is reduced and deferred.
Capital gains relief for homeowners also is to be part of the proposal.
Capital gains tax and fringe benefits tax.
Capital gains tax computation.
Capital gains tax cut on sale of houses.
Capital gains tax cut on the sale of other investment securities.
Capital gains tax cut.
Capital gains tax cuts especially are economic super-stimulants.
Capital gains tax determination tells the user how many days left till a stock turns long-term.
Capital gains tax implications.
Capital gains tax indexation.
Capital gains tax liability further complicates the issue.
Capital gains tax on profits made on investments.
Capital gains tax on real property or other investments can be a burden.
Capital gains tax only arises on the realisation of an asset.
Capital gains tax problems are good problems.
Capital gains tax reduction.
Capital gains tax reform to stimulate growth and stability, particularly in the livestock industry.
Capital gains tax reform.
Capital gains tax relief .
Capital gains tax relief is especially important to women business owners.
Capital gains tax relief.
Capital gains tax savings.
Capital gains tax taper relief for businesses.
Capital gains taxes on the stock are completely avoided.
Capital goes beyond bricks and mortar, it can also apply to information technology infrastructure.
Capital going in and out can cause havoc.
Capital grows when profits are made and is reduced when assets are withdrawn by the owner.
Capital has more tulips than any place outside of the Netherlands.
Capital has no boundaries or borders.
Capital has no home country.
Capital has to offer, belonging liberal professions, or merchants, property owners, etc.
Capital has to weaken the unions if it is to succeed in lowering costs.
Capital Has two distinct but related meanings.
Capital improvements Permanent.
Capital includes both tangible and intangible capital.
Capital includes capital debt service and capital improvements.
Capital includes cash, other assets that can be easily converted into cash, and available credit.
Capital includes equipment, structures, inventories, and land.
Capital includes equipment, structures, land and inventories.
Capital includes jewellery, cars, collections, and expensive furniture.
Capital includes much more than buildings and machines.
Capital includes share capital plus reserves.
Capital includes such things as a. money.
Capital increases worker productivity.
Capital indeed is an informational thing.
Capital integrates accounting and property management functions in one computer system.
Capital interacting with itself does produce more capital.
Capital is a critical element in the credit union's risk management program.
Capital is a cruel master.
Capital is a dominant factor in the telecommunications industry.
Capital is a form of private property.
Capital is a form of relationship.
Capital is a fully-integrated, complete property management and accounting solution.
Capital is a heterogeneous structure in which capital combinations have to be integrated.
Capital is a little less available.
Capital is a long term liability.
Capital is a material income-producing factor.
Capital is a measure of non-human resources expended over time.
Capital is a praxeological concept.
Capital is a reserve kept against things that can t be divined at all, against unexpected losses.
Capital is a result of labour, and is used by labour to assist it in further production.
Capital is a social construct.
Capital is a social relation of abstract labor.
Capital is a social relation.
Capital is a stinging critic of capitalism.
Capital is a thing - it is property.
Capital is abundant, and plenty of corporations of all sizes are up for sale.
Capital is accessible today for good ideas and good projects.
Capital is accumulated labor.
Capital is acquired chiefly through the personal resources of the owner and investor-related debt.
Capital is actually number two.
Capital is after-tax income.
Capital is always in the form of definite capital goods.
Capital is always scarce in growing a business.
Capital is always scarce in low-income countries.
Capital is an accumulation of value, i.e., of crystallised abstract labour.
Capital is an assets
Capital is an international category.
Capital is assets.
Capital is associated with roundabout methods of production.
Capital is at historical highs.
Capital is at once uniting and dividing the workers of the world.
Capital is attracted primarily by the infrastructure and monopoly sectors of the economy.
Capital is available from more sources at potentially lower costs.
Capital is available if the returns are attractive.
Capital is available.
Capital is Bucharest .
Capital is but the last stage of patriarchy, just like profit is but the last mask of power.
Capital is centers.
Capital is characters.
Capital is cities.
Capital is created by new investment.
Capital is creative and life-affirming.
Capital is critical.
Capital is dependent on the individual s assets and credit.
Capital is derived from labor.
Capital is derived from the accumulated and ongoing savings and investments of people.
Capital is destroyed and there tends to be less replenishment of physical and intellectual capital.
Capital is easier to get than good ideas.
Capital is easy to raise through sale of interests.
Capital is easy to raise through sale of stock.
Capital is either tools or money instruments or machines, or money.
Capital is either unavailable or over-priced even for blue chips as the sector overcorrects.
Capital is essential to any business.
Capital is essential to labor, just as labor is essential to capital.
Capital is footloose, while labor is immo- bile.
Capital is formed by thrift.
Capital is guaranteed but no interest is paid.
Capital is hard to come by.
Capital is harder to find, sales are down, and the IPO window is shut.
Capital is highly mobile and can go where conditions are most favorable.
Capital is in short supply for businesses owned by people of modest means.
Capital is increasingly mobile.
Capital is incredibly fluid in today's world.
Capital is indeed much more mobile than labor.
Capital is intellect.
Capital is intrinsically a lagging indicator of problems.
Capital is invested to create more capital.
Capital is Kazan, on the Volga River.
Capital is like blood.
Capital is like water.
Capital is limited by the partners' ability and desire to contribute.
Capital is limited to the proprietor's personal capital.
Capital is located in countries.
Capital is located in proper nouns.
Capital is located in states.
Capital is London.
Capital is made up of all of the tools and machinery used to produce a good or service.
Capital is material.
Capital is measured on a maintenance and depreciation expense basis.
Capital is measured on an expenditure basis.
Capital is mobile worldwide.
Capital is mobile, however, and flows to the locations where the return is the highest.
Capital is mobile.
Capital is money, capital is commodities.
Capital is money, pure and simple.
Capital is more widely available to finance electric power.
Capital is more widely available.
Capital is necessary for safe and sound lending.
Capital is needed to launch any business.
Capital is never satisfied.
Capital is no longer a factor of production .
Capital is no longer the invisible center determining the mode of production.
Capital is no longer the most important economic input for a modern industrial corporation.
Capital is now a very scarce resource.
Capital is now global, and corporations answer to no one.
Capital is one of the factors of production.
Capital is one of the precious few law schools that houses a paralegal program.
Capital is one of the three main factors of production, the others being land and labor.
Capital is out to make money.
Capital is part of columns.
Capital is plentiful.
Capital is plenty and largely wasted.
Capital is portrayed as invading the social body.
Capital is priced at r dollars per units, and L at w dollars per unit.
Capital is provided by a private lending institution and is subject to credit approval.
Capital is raised by the members making deposits into the credit unions.
Capital is raised through close acquaintance.
Capital is raised throughout the world from thousands of global investors.
Capital is research grants from government, university, industry.
Capital is Riga, form of government a constitutional republic.
Capital is risked on an assessment of the market.
Capital is risk-sharing.
Capital is scarce in Japan.
Capital is scarce in the Delta . . .
Capital is scarce, and in demand.
Capital is seats.
Capital is self-financing.
Capital is spotty, which presents more acquisition opportunities.
Capital is still available but it is being allocated differently than it was a year ago.
Capital is strong and classification levels are stable, even declining.
Capital is supplied perfectly inelastically in both sectors.
Capital is Tegucigalpa o.
Capital is the basis of production in all economies.
Capital is the best team.
Capital is the boss money being used to make more money for the boss.
Capital is the congealment of abstract, undifferentiated labor.
Capital is the grease of a market economy.
Capital is the key ingredient for getting any business off the ground.
Capital is the main lever for controlling growth.
Capital is the material means of production, which consists of a complex heterogeneous structure.
Capital is the material means of production.
Capital is the new gunship of the rich.
Capital is the new imperial power.
Capital is the only content, inequality of different sexes the most common mode of living.
Capital is the pillar upon which the modern industrial society is founded.
Capital is the practical totalisation of modern life.
Capital is the resource most responsible for increasing labor productivity.
Capital is the second engine.
Capital is the second factor influencing economic growth.
Capital is the second source of income.
Capital is the seed that makes the plant grow, that benefits everybody.
Capital is the tools needed to produce things of value out of raw materials.
Capital is tight and an important deadline is approaching.
Capital is tops.
Capital is tough to come by.
Capital is used for business.
Capital is used to create or enhance value.
Capital is wealth on the move, it is money in power.
Capital is wealth or money.
Capital is wealth that is used in production, or wealth that is in the course of exchange.
Capital is welcome too.
Capital is welcomed after years of being shunned.
Capital is what brings companies up to the next level.
Capital is what fuels entrepreneurial growth.
Capital is what the business owes the owner.
Capital is Yangon or Rangoon.
Capital isa center.
Capital isa centre.
Capital isa middle.
Capital isa possession.
Capital knows no borders.
Capital lives by the sword.
Capital lying idle is no better than grass.
Capital magnifies the significance of small differences in skill.
Capital makes the difference.
Capital moves freely across international boundaries.
Capital moves to where ever production costs are cheapest.
Capital Needs vs.
Capital now flows from poor countries to the richest.
Capital owns many older volumes of periodicals in either microfilm or print format.
Capital prides itself on connections to the community.
Capital produces essentially capital, and does so only to the extent that it produces surplus-value.
Capital Provides a cushion for repayment in the event of the member having a financial setback.
Capital provides borrower equity and other re-payment guarantees.
Capital quarks The subatomic structure of the elemental breeding matter of any business.
Capital rationing is another example of inter-relatedness of a mutually exclusive nature.
Capital refers to equipment of all kinds and to hourly or salaried labor.
Capital relates to money, which is locked up in a business enterprise.
Capital remains incredibly hard to come by.
Capital remains locked up for generations.
Capital represents the tools that the average person has to work with.
Capital runs two exchange programs in Jamaica and Hungary.
Capital See Capital for additional sources of business financial aid.
Capital seems to be becoming a commodity in the same way that wheat or iron ore are commodities.
Capital steal into an soap when offend asian teenager.
Capital steal into an soap when offend christian teenager.
Capital steal into an soap when offend online chats.
Capital steal into an soap when offend pre teen chat room.
Capital steal into an soap when offend teen african american chat rooms.
Capital still is in plentiful supply.
Capital sucks the marrow out of the bones of the working men.
Capital takes the function of abstraction and generalizes it into exchange.
Capital then is no different from land - the more some have, the less for others.
Capital therefore Bow afford most struggle throughout no full alaska.
Capital therefore tends to move to low-wage countries.
Capital too lies idle, deteriorating by the day.
Capital travels thousands of miles at the click of a mouse.
Capital wipe behind any tip although matter equity.
Capital wipe behind any tip although matter interest rate calculator.
Capitals are above and lowercase below.
Capitals are in 'bold'.
Capitals are larger than lower case characters.
Capitals are usually large cities .
Capitals are usually large cities.
Capitals Click on the button next to the correct answer to receive feedback.
Capitals have different sizes.
Capitals have no effect.
Capitals indicate inactivity.
Capitals make general terms more specific.
Capitals represent present events, boldface past events, and italics future events.
Capitals stamp duties on the issuance of capital originating from foreign investment.
Capitals usually work best, because they create a more pronounced ribbon effect.
All capital is raised by train fares, donations, membership dues, and gift shop profits.
ALL capital is the result of saving.
All capitals are also harder on the eyes.
All capitals are difficult to read.
Any capital operating in the markets is subject to profits, as well as risks.
Every capital has it's supreme center of justice in it's capital.
Some capital enables workers.
Some capital has firms.
Some capital has values.
Capitalisation emerges from e-commerce in goods and services, among other things.
Capitalisation is an estimate
Capitalisation is another issue.
Capitalisation is ignored.
Capitalisation is language dependent .
Capitalisation is language dependent.
Capitalism advocates the building of a never-ending capital.
Capitalism alienates people from their work and creates a degenerate society.
Capitalism allows for a wealthy elite while millions starve in the supposed land of equality.
Capitalism allows people to solve the problems of mutually destructive behavior.
Capitalism allows the individual to enjoy the fruit of ones labour.
Capitalism also assumes the profit motive serves a cleansing function.
Capitalism also comes with an automatic feedback mechanism that prevents a gross excess of capacity.
Capitalism also constitutes and an obstacle to the formation of balanced markets.
Capitalism also recognizes the freedom of the human person.
Capitalism also relies on specialization to produce goods and services.
Capitalism bans the initiation of force from all human relationships.
Capitalism based on perpetual expansion is wasteful and outmoded.
Capitalism beats feudalism.
Capitalism becomes a fetter upon the method of production which has flourished with it and under it.
Capitalism begins with an exploitation of labor of workers.
Capitalism believes in profit and return on investment.
Capitalism believes that every person deserves an opportunity.
Capitalism believes the least amount of government interference in the market place the better.
Capitalism breeds greed, agression, isolation and self-intrest.
Capitalism brings a lot of stress to people unnecessarily.
Capitalism brings together workers from a range of backgrounds.
Capitalism can also look less than nice.
Capitalism can be hell.
Capitalism can change the foundations of economics in a country.
Capitalism can go on as before.
Capitalism can never abolish slavery since it is based on wage slavery.
Capitalism can only mean, war, starvation and misery for the African masses.
Capitalism can run, even flourish, in a society of selfish cynics.
Capitalism celebrates individualism.
Capitalism certainly has a better track record than other systems.
Capitalism combines formal equality with economic and, consequently, social inequality.
Capitalism combines what geography, language, and religion have kept apart.
Capitalism comes in a variety of forms.
Capitalism conceals it's tiger claws behind the ramparts of order.
Capitalism concentrates money and power in the hands of the few.
Capitalism continues to have instability.
Capitalism continues to open the chasm between rich and poor.
Capitalism counts on it.
Capitalism creates contradictions in people's experience.
Capitalism creates hunger for criminality.
Capitalism creates inequality, and poverty creates a lack of culture.
Capitalism creates monopolies.
Capitalism creates poverty and inequality.
Capitalism creates prosperity.
Capitalism creates unrest through an excess of products available to consumers.
Capitalism creates victims.
Capitalism creates wealth, but limits freedom.
Capitalism creeps into every aspect of life.
Capitalism crushes small business and drives the small farmer off the land.
Capitalism demands accumulation and expansion and has little room for compassion.
Capitalism demolishes all economic barriers unleashing our maximum human potential.
Capitalism denies the banal dichotomy between property values and human values.
Capitalism depends upon competition.
Capitalism destroys community.
Capitalism destroys social relations.
Capitalism develops spontaneously.
Capitalism does breed innovation and competition.
Capitalism does come with certain costs, however.
Capitalism does have requirements considered by some to be a drawback.
Capitalism does have some advantages to it.
Capitalism does that with all our needs or passions.
Capitalism does work.
Capitalism dogs Ukrainian man in A Friend of the Deceased .
Capitalism dominates area.
Capitalism drives innovation.
Capitalism drives workers' wages down to the subsistence level.
Capitalism encourages invention, innovation and technological advance.
Capitalism encourages people to put profit first.
Capitalism encourages the maximization of self-interest.
Capitalism exalts the selfish individual.
Capitalism excels at enriching industrialized countries at the cost to the rest of the world.
Capitalism exists throughout the world.
Capitalism exists to prison too.
Capitalism exists to produce ads.
Capitalism exports food from the hungriest nations in the world and imports it to the fattest.
Capitalism expropriates the wealth created by working people through their labor.
Capitalism faces a crisis of accumulation.
Capitalism falls apart when a monopoly forms.
Capitalism fashions a permanent underclass.
Capitalism finds a friend who embraces the market - but wants to banish child poverty.
Capitalism fuels freedom.
Capitalism gives more than it takes.
Capitalism gives people the opportunity to obtain economic freedom while helping others.
Capitalism has a few flaws which can be corrected with appropriate laws.
Capitalism has a short term outlook.
Capitalism has a sibling in political philosophy called liberalism .
Capitalism has a thousand ways to squash talent in the working class.
Capitalism has an iron grip on the political process.
Capitalism has devastating effects.
Capitalism has lowest taxes, freest markets and smallest government.
Capitalism has no answer to the needs of the elderly for a decent income in their retirement.
Capitalism has no easily dated origin.
Capitalism has no future.
Capitalism has no values but creating more.
Capitalism has nowhere to go after the imperialist epoch.
Capitalism has quite a few adjectives by now.
Capitalism has social production and private appropriation.
Capitalism has that, too.
Capitalism hates art more than ever.
Capitalism hinges on laws to promote, restrain, and subsidize transactions.
Capitalism holds profits derived from risk and investment to be as honorable as wages or rent.
Capitalism hops the tracks, however, when it tries to deal with the tragedy of the commons .
Capitalism inevitably means impoverishment, oppression and conflict.
Capitalism inherently discriminates against merchants who are jerks.
Capitalism institutionalizes variety, motivates excellence, but often neglects security.
Capitalism is a Biblical concept.
Capitalism is a big, worldwide system.
Capitalism is a classic.
Capitalism is a cruel and unjust system.
Capitalism is a cyclical system.
Capitalism is a daily purveyor of misery and death.
Capitalism is a dead end for humanity.
Capitalism is a dead system.
Capitalism is a difficult system to understand, even with training.
Capitalism is a disaster.
Capitalism is a dynamic system.
Capitalism is a euphemism for white-collar crime.
Capitalism is a fight to the death.
Capitalism is a form of life in which it is very hard to live fully in the present.
Capitalism is a fraud within a fraud.
Capitalism is a global system which subordinates human and environmental existence to money making.
Capitalism is a global system, with the rule of the market imposed everywhere, usually by force.
Capitalism is a good theory because it works in practice.
Capitalism is a great assistance in that.
Capitalism is a lose-lose situation for the working class.
Capitalism is a male supremacist society.
Capitalism is a market economy.
Capitalism is a mode of production that moves assets to their highest valued uses.
Capitalism is a moral system if only because it is based on trust.
Capitalism is a moral system that depends on free exchange.
Capitalism is a non-utopian system.
Capitalism is a perversion.
Capitalism is a point of view and a way of life.
Capitalism is a powerful force that influences governments, institutions, and people.
Capitalism is a productive, efficient, and powerful organizer of human energies.
Capitalism IS a pyramid scam.
Capitalism is a realistic element that is never forgotten.
Capitalism is a sinking ship.
Capitalism is a social system based on the principle of individual rights.
Capitalism is a social system founded upon individual rights.
Capitalism is a soul-crushing system.
Capitalism is a system based on individual freedom.
Capitalism is a system based on production for profit and consequently on exploitation.
Capitalism is a system based on production for profit.
Capitalism is a system based on the exploitation of labor.
Capitalism is a system designed to encourage commercial expansion beyond the local level.
Capitalism is a system of profit and loss.
Capitalism is a system of social production.
Capitalism is a system that works via self-interest.
Capitalism is a system through which human wealth is reproduced.
Capitalism is a totalitarian superorganism.
Capitalism is a tough game, after all, and no one has a right to be in business.
Capitalism is a type of felony.
Capitalism is a unique system.
Capitalism is a value only to people who want to enjoy prosperity.
Capitalism is a very good thing.
Capitalism is a very recent innovation.
Capitalism is a vicious circle.
Capitalism is a wonderful system for the creating of wealth.
Capitalism is a wonderful thing to see.
Capitalism is a world system.
Capitalism is about capital, it s about money.
Capitalism is about capital, nowhere more so than at an online startup.
Capitalism is about freedom to choose.
Capitalism is about interdependence and the exchange of services.
Capitalism is about risk and reward.
Capitalism is about the bottom line.
Capitalism is about the right to own private property.
Capitalism is about winning, and about dominating and controlling the market.
Capitalism is accompanied by the ideal of freedom as something to be attained.
Capitalism is accompanied by the ideal of freedom.
Capitalism is alive and kicking throughout the countryside.
Capitalism is alive and well in China, on a small scale.
Capitalism is alive and well.
Capitalism is all about relations of power.
Capitalism is all about risk and excess.
Capitalism is also a highly cooperative system.
Capitalism is also worthy of civil disobedience.
Capitalism is always theft and often murder.
Capitalism is an abomination.
Capitalism is an amoral economic philosophy, which admits no obligation to social responsibility.
Capitalism is an anarchic and crisis-ridden economic system based on production for profit.
Capitalism is an art form, an Apollonian fabrication to rival nature.
Capitalism is an economic system based on individual rights.
Capitalism is an economic system in which the factors of production are privately owned.
Capitalism is an economic system that allows much freedom but provides few protections.
Capitalism is an economic system.
Capitalism is an ideology with a very shakey grip on the minds of the populace.
Capitalism is an international system and it can only be combatted on the international arena.
Capitalism is an international system, organised on an international basis.
Capitalism is an organized economic system.
Capitalism is an unequal system that exploits and brutalises human beings for profit.
Capitalism is as conspicuous for what it requires as for what it allows.
Capitalism is ascendant.
Capitalism is bankrupt.
Capitalism is based on an unequal distribution of wealth and power.
Capitalism is based on family.
Capitalism is based on forms of organization that require careful calculation rather than habit.
Capitalism is based on money.
Capitalism is based on private ownership of the means of production and on competition for profits.
Capitalism is based on production for profit.
Capitalism is based on profit and exploitation.
Capitalism is based on property rights, and democracy on personal rights.
Capitalism is based on the exploitation of man by man.
Capitalism is based on the exploitation of the working class by the ruling class.
Capitalism is based on the notion of the supremacy of the individual.
Capitalism is based on the right to property.
Capitalism is based on wage slavery.
Capitalism is based upon exploitation.
Capitalism is believed to have too much of a certain principle in it, namely, too much freedom.
Capitalism is better.
Capitalism is big, powerful, and, above all, international.
Capitalism is built on the firm foundation of individual liberty.
Capitalism is but a collection of communistic bodies working in harmony with each other.
Capitalism is but the gentleman s form of slavery.
Capitalism is but the gentleman's form of slavery.
Capitalism is by far the most fair system in terms of opportunity.
Capitalism is by the definition an alienated relationship between means and ends.
Capitalism is centered on the principle of property rights and the defense of such rights.
Capitalism is characterized by all but one of the following.
Capitalism is civilization s current dominant manifestation.
Capitalism is civilization's current dominant manifestation.
Capitalism is color-blind.
Capitalism is competition, it forces people to compete to make the best product possible.
Capitalism is complimentary to human nature.
Capitalism is corrupt and it has got to be replaced.
Capitalism is dangerous to children and other living things.
Capitalism is dead, consumerism is king.
Capitalism is dead.
Capitalism is declared decadent and inescapable.
Capitalism is defined within the context of a discussion of commodity producing societies.
Capitalism is doomed to fall from the angle of material life.
Capitalism is driven by competition and the desire to constantly upgrade products.
Capitalism is driven by selfish accumulation, democracy by altruistic cooperation.
Capitalism is economy
Capitalism is entirely just and sane, at least as sane as any human institution can be.
Capitalism is essentially a scheme for peaceful nations.
Capitalism is essentially an amoral system based on exploitation.
Capitalism is essentially mass production for the satisfaction of the needs of the masses.
Capitalism is essentially mass production for the satisfaction of the wants of the masses.
Capitalism is everywhere.
Capitalism is evil and corporations are the devil.
Capitalism is exploitation.
Capitalism is first an foremost a system in which workers are proletarianized.
Capitalism is fundamentally a risk-management system.
Capitalism is generative and amnesiac.
Capitalism is good for people and for other living things.
Capitalism is good for the economy.
Capitalism is grand.
Capitalism is happy to concentrate nationalism.
Capitalism is harsh, but productive.
Capitalism is how to make a profit, and nothing else.
Capitalism is human action toward the creation of value.
Capitalism is human behavior.
Capitalism is hypocrisy.
Capitalism is in a crisis and unemployment is increasing every year.
Capitalism is in crisis , but it can still maneuver.
Capitalism is in crisis the world over.
Capitalism is in crisis.
Capitalism is in deadlock as a system exactly as Marxist science has predicted long ago.
Capitalism is in principle wonderfully productive.
Capitalism is inexorably rational and inevitably cruel.
Capitalism is infinitely flexible.
Capitalism is inherently incompatible with the survival of the Earth's life sustaining processes.
Capitalism is inherently out of order with natural law.
Capitalism is inherently pessimistic or nihilistic.
Capitalism is inherently prodigal of resources.
Capitalism is internally and inexorably fettered.
Capitalism is king but government still largely sets the rules.
Capitalism is king.
Capitalism is less and less capable of coping with advances in science and technology.
Capitalism is like a giant game of Monopoly.
Capitalism is like a huge monolith that presents a smooth surface to the world.
Capitalism is like any other system in that it relies on the integrity of the participants.
Capitalism is like the lottery.
Capitalism is marked by the exploitation and commodification of human labor power.
Capitalism is market economy.
Capitalism is meant to be a lifetime companion.
Capitalism is never self-regulating.
Capitalism is no better than communist dictatorship.
Capitalism is no dream system.
Capitalism is no dream.
Capitalism is no relic of Colonial America.
Capitalism is notorious and defined by private property in the basic means of production.
Capitalism is now in terminal crisis for three reasons.
Capitalism is on the decline as it depended on the continual expansion of the economic system.
Capitalism is on the decline.
Capitalism is one of many possible economic systems.
Capitalism is one variant of liberalism.
Capitalism is one way in which oppression is fueled.
Capitalism is one way.
Capitalism is only one stage in the progress of humankind.
Capitalism is opposed to slave states.
Capitalism is organized acquisitiveness.
Capitalism is organized crime.
Capitalism is organized on a global scale.
Capitalism is our industrial-age evolution.
Capitalism is our politics.
Capitalism is out of control, but there is nothing new in that.
Capitalism is overheated.
Capitalism is paved with competition for inroads into new markets.
Capitalism is private ownership of the means of production, and anarchy in production.
Capitalism is promise and fulfillment.
Capitalism is quite divisive.
Capitalism is rampant, in part due to economic synergies of networking.
Capitalism is reinstated.
Capitalism is rejected by the modern right-which preaches enterprise but practices protectionism.
Capitalism is relatively new in human history.
Capitalism is relentlessly inventive.
Capitalism is remarkably short on selfless altruism.
Capitalism is resilient.
Capitalism is rife with greed.
Capitalism is safe for the moment.
Capitalism is simply the process by which technology evolves.
Capitalism is simply undemocratic.
Capitalism is so successful because it is genetic.
Capitalism is still an uncomfortable companion.
Capitalism is subject to business cycles.
Capitalism is such a system.
Capitalism is superior to socialism as a means of achieving economic justice.
Capitalism is supposed to give people choice.
Capitalism is that victor.
Capitalism is the best economic system ever devised.
Capitalism is the best economic system yet devised .
Capitalism is the best possible economic system.
Capitalism is the best system for the poor.
Capitalism is the culprit here.
Capitalism is the economic system in which the commodity relation becomes all pervasive.
Capitalism is the exploitation of man by man and communism is the reverse.
Capitalism is the exploitation of man by man.
Capitalism is the fastest route to a clean environment.
Capitalism is the freest form of exchange between individuals.
Capitalism is the growth of an industry with a concentration on production.
Capitalism is the last expression of class rule.
Capitalism is the lifeblood of the United States.
Capitalism is the main cause of both overpopulation and the ecological crisis.
Capitalism is The market, like gravity, is.
Capitalism is the means of production, socialism is the means of the government.
Capitalism is the mortal enemy of both.
Capitalism is the most flexible system yet created by humans.
Capitalism is the most innovative system so far developed.
Capitalism is the most productive economic system found in human history.
Capitalism is the name of the system which rules our lives .
Capitalism is the only ethical economic system.
Capitalism is the only moral economic system in the world.
Capitalism is the only proven system that enables everyone to become richer.
Capitalism is the only religion in the west that is practiced without an iota of hypocrisy.
Capitalism is the only social system compatible with individual liberty.
Capitalism is the only social system that bars the initiation of force in human relationships.
Capitalism is the only social system that rewards virtue and punishes vice.
Capitalism is the only socio-economic system based entirely on the doctrine of individual rights.
Capitalism is the only system based on law and reason.
Capitalism is the only system that allows freedom of religion, including freedom from it.
Capitalism is the only system that fully allows and encourages the virtues necessary for human life.
Capitalism is the only way resources can be allocated without the use of force.
Capitalism is the only way to promote the well-being of the masses.
Capitalism is the opposite of greed.
Capitalism is the private ownership of the means of production for profit.
Capitalism is the profit and loss system.
Capitalism is the real enemy of tyranny.
Capitalism is the reverse.
Capitalism is the rule of capital.
Capitalism is the same thing, whatever economic qualifiers are applied to it.
Capitalism is the social system based on the principle of inalienable individual rights.
Capitalism is the system of individual rights.
Capitalism is the system of of laissez faire .
Capitalism is the system that recognizes and protects individual rights.
Capitalism is the tool of change, and resources are the driving force of that tool.
Capitalism is the worst economic system, except for all the others.
Capitalism is the worst way to run an economy except for all others.
Capitalism is theft.
Capitalism is there and there to stay.
Capitalism is today's version of the what and democracy is the how .
Capitalism is too demanding for most people.
Capitalism is too easy to tend to a downward spiral resulting in economic and social ruin.
Capitalism is tough.
Capitalism is triumphant.
Capitalism is truly miraculous.
Capitalism is typified by a desire to create a mass market.
Capitalism is undemocratic, especially when combined with racism and sexism.
Capitalism is unnatural.
Capitalism is unstable and leads to economic crisis.
Capitalism is untouchable.
Capitalism is very old and natural.
Capitalism is very strong.
Capitalism is very unstable and needs to make profits as quickly as possible.
Capitalism is viewed as hopeless.
Capitalism is vindicated by the disintegration of 'state socialism'.
Capitalism is way down on the bottom of the list.
Capitalism is weird but hypercapitalism is weirder.
Capitalism is weird.
Capitalism is what created the middle class in America, the largest the world has ever seen.
Capitalism is wicked because it fosters greed, materialism, consumerism.
Capitalism is working, both men are free to work and to risk and to work at what they like.
Capitalism is, above all, an economic idea.
Capitalism is, in many important ways, dehumanizing.
Capitalism is, in short, morally corrupting, both for the individual and business.
Capitalism knows no morality when it comes to profit.
Capitalism lacks morals.
Capitalism leads to dole queues, the scramble for markets, and war.
Capitalism leads to excessive market concentration.
Capitalism leads to exploitation of workers, which promotes inequality.
Capitalism leads to greed and suffering.
Capitalism lives on profits, on the surplus value it extracts from workers' labor.
Capitalism makes an industry like Hollywood as rich as it is.
Capitalism makes benevolence affordable to individuals.
Capitalism makes for free trade, free markets, limited governmental power, and peace.
Capitalism makes profits by the exploitation of labor.
Capitalism means allowing people to get rich by serving the needs of others.
Capitalism means exploitation and repression.
Capitalism means to Make Money.
Capitalism means war.
Capitalism meets beer In Europe, there are a number of local breweries still doing a good business.
Capitalism needs profits above all else.
Capitalism needs women to work.
Capitalism needs young blood.
Capitalism now operates globally.
Capitalism nowadays is in serious trouble.
Capitalism obviously needs to be employed.
Capitalism offers only poverty sandwiched between periods of growth.
Capitalism offers working people no future, but increasing unemployment, poverty and war.
Capitalism only triumphs when it becomes identified with the state, when it is the state.
Capitalism only works for the privileged few.
Capitalism operates on investments.
Capitalism pays no respect to hierarchies of power.
Capitalism places profits before the welfare of people, thus causing poverty.
Capitalism pollutes the air, the water, and seas.
Capitalism prefers it that way.
Capitalism prepares the ground for socialism.
Capitalism pretends to fight against drugs.
Capitalism produces poverty and alienation which in turn generates crime.
Capitalism promotes inequality and social injustice on a global scale.
Capitalism protects all individuals from being sacrificed to any group.
Capitalism provides jobs for workers.
Capitalism reigns supreme.
Capitalism relies on the market system to allocate scarce resources among competing wants.
Capitalism remains in crisis, unable to address the needs of the vast majority of people.
Capitalism remains unstable, economics is political and globalization calls for regulation.
Capitalism replaces government of the people as the security for their rights.
Capitalism requires an ever-improving knowledge system.
Capitalism requires communication.
Capitalism requires complete honesty on the part of workers, managers, customers and suppliers.
Capitalism requires peace.
Capitalism respects the market as the only effective and fair means of allocating scarce goods.
Capitalism rests on the bases of private property and the competition of the free market.
Capitalism rests on the exploitation of the many by the few.
Capitalism rests upon a foundation of private property rights.
Capitalism results in ever-widening circles of service to others.
Capitalism rewards the best and most intelligent efforts with commensurate financial rewards.
Capitalism seems firmly in the saddle, with little threat from anti-capitalists.
Capitalism seems new to Dublin, and one can almost feel the energy.
Capitalism seems quintessentially masculine.
Capitalism separates workers from each other.
Capitalism serves as the catalyst for revolution, as it provides for the separation of classes.
Capitalism serves no common good for society.
Capitalism serves no social or collectivist agenda.
Capitalism serves people as consumers, as buyers of what others produce.
Capitalism simply takes over ideas about gender that existed before it.
Capitalism stands for freedom.
Capitalism subverts morality when it uses the sacred days to create possessive individualism.
Capitalism succeeds, because it is consistent with human passion and character.
Capitalism sucks, sometimes.
Capitalism takes the opposite tack.
Capitalism tends to degrade the work process.
Capitalism tends to despoil the land and pollute the atmosphere.
Capitalism tends to destroy all social relations.
Capitalism tends to destroy the ancient forms of privilege and oppression.
Capitalism tends to disemploy people.
Capitalism tends to economic crisis.
Capitalism then proceeds to push America aside and the next struggle ensues.
Capitalism thrives off exploiting others, it is the only way it can continue to grow.
Capitalism thrives on undoing the excess of capitalism.
Capitalism thus demands of capitalists a cut-throat ethic.
Capitalism too depends on reason.
Capitalism turns out to be the best green of all.
Capitalism turns productive citizens into drones who do no useful work.
Capitalism violates human rights, they say, since some people are rich and others poor.
Capitalism wins again.
Capitalism works beautifully.
Capitalism works best when unfettered markets set prices.
Capitalism works by constantly displacing old ideas with new and better ideas, products and methods.
Capitalism works nicely in cyberspace and free internet sites have to finance themselves too.
Capitalism works that way.
Capitalism works to the advantage of consumer and worker alike.
Capitalism works, on the whole.
Capitalism always loses when compared to the promises of communism and socialism.
Capitalism often goes hand in had with political freedom.
Capitalist accumulation is internationalized.
Capitalist activism can be dangerous.
Capitalist circles see the situation here as dangerous and are pulling out for that reason.
Every capitalist class has imperialistic impulses.
Capitalist companies are institutions which exist in order to maximise their profits.
Capitalist competition continues on a higher plane and exists side by side with capitalist monopoly.
Capitalist competition is certainly vigorous.
Capitalist control has a stronghold on American mentality.
Capitalist countries are in the minority of nations.
Capitalist crises return and proles are ready to rise up again.
Capitalist culture is in the habit of offering itself as the solution to everyone's problems.
Capitalist democracy is merely an exercise in mass disefranchisement.
Capitalist development gives humanity more than just the raw means to civilize itself.
Capitalist economies are dependent on an expansion of the gross national product in order to thrive.
Capitalist economies have a long history of overinvestment in hot new technologies.
Capitalist economy is economy
Capitalist firms invest in a lot of unnecessary machinery.
Capitalist globalization brings great wealth to the happy few, while marginalizing the masses.
Capitalist globalization is a fact of life.
Capitalist globalization is indeed the abolition of borders.
Capitalist governments are the same.
Capitalist groups rivalries.
Capitalist ideologues argue that socialism has failed.
Capitalist ideology sucks.
Capitalist ideology supports imperialism, privatization and globalization.
Capitalist law reflects the material substructure of capitalism.
Capitalist organizations can play no part in building the organizations of the working class.
All capitalist paths lead to a new nightmare for the people of Ireland.
All capitalist paths lead to a new nightmare for the people ofIreland.
Capitalist production goes bust, leading to a recession or even depression.
Capitalist production is distinguished from the outset by two characteristic features.
Capitalist relations shape the differential impact of the floods.
Capitalist societies promote individualism.
Capitalist society is organised in a top-down way.
Capitalist society is unthinkable without armaments, as it is unthinkable without wars.
Capitalist society produces people whose aims and desires are 'privatised'.
All capitalist systems rely on abundant, free-flowing currency.
Capitalist theory utilizes market and prices to mediate transactions.
Capitalist ventures tend to favor the rich getting richer rather than a distribution of capital.
A capitalist is a conservative
Capitalists are able to travel and move their capital from country to country very easily.
Capitalists are all greedy, grasping, mean, and exploitative.
Capitalists are always organised.
Capitalists are conservatives.
Capitalists are environmental vandals.
Capitalists are especially pleased about that.
Capitalists are greedy.
Capitalists are in the business of making money.
Capitalists are located in shops.
Capitalists are Machiavellian, politicians are cynical and corrupt, and workers are deluded.
Capitalists are over-extended.
Capitalists are people who use capital to produce goods and services.
Capitalists are people.
Capitalists are sadistic.
Capitalists are self-interested.
Capitalists are very proud of that and they win marketing awards for it.
Capitalists base their power on owning labor power.
Capitalists break down skills with technology a.
Capitalists call it market advantage.
Capitalists can also scapegoat whole groups of immigrants.
Capitalists can always find good and safe investments.
Capitalists can do nothing without laborers, nor the laborers without capital.
Capitalists can sometimes be their own worst enemy.
Capitalists can take comfort, too.
Capitalists cease to exist and workers cease to be their employees.
Capitalists commodify and simplify culture.
Capitalists compete with each other to make profit.
Capitalists contribute so little, yet they take so much.
Capitalists control the workforce indirectly, through at least one layer of middle management.
Capitalists decide what to produce and how to produce it.
Capitalists despoil the environment.
Capitalists enrich themselves by keeping surplus value d.
Capitalists even slap patents on scientific techniques and ideas.
Capitalists exist because it takes a large amount of money to start a business.
Capitalists exploit the workers.
Capitalists exploit workers by squeezing the surplus value of workers.
Capitalists extract their monies, ultimately, from the labor process.
Capitalists have systemic power by virtue of the state's dependence on private capital accumulation.
Capitalists know it, as they know all things, as tools for making money.
Capitalists love to invent new medicines.
Capitalists make profits.
Capitalists motivated by greed seek their own gain by maximizing profits.
Capitalists promote war to increase profits.
Capitalists raise prices on the products they sell.
Capitalists routinely invest in tyrannies where the lack of democracy helps to guarantee profits.
Capitalists rule through violence against the working class.
Capitalists run America.
Capitalists say and do boneheaded things and so do environmentalists.
Capitalists say they believe in a free market.
Capitalists seek profits.
Capitalists seek to find what people want and produce and market it as efficiently as possible.
Capitalists speak of forgiving of debts to the underdeveloped areas of the world.
Capitalists step on poor to get rich.
Capitalists think they are standing atop an economic crest from which they can see forever.
Capitalists turn disaster to their advantage.
Capitalists use state power to reorganize global power relations.
Capitalists work for individual benefits, in many cases ignoring the community.
Capitalists always look for the greatest possible return on their investment.
Capitalists always pay subsistence wages for work c.
Capitalists usually seek quick profits.
Every capitalist aims to 'make money', and most capitalists do.
Capitalistic civilization chewing itself through resources, leaving mainly waste behind.
Capitalization rules are generally american and have two additions.
Capitalization applies to letter characters only.
Capitalization denotes statutory language.
Capitalization does matter on the password.
Capitalization eliminates payments while in school, but does increase the amount owed after school.
Capitalization ends when the asset is complete and ready for use.
Capitalization forces a case-sensitive match for that word.
Capitalization helps as well, although that is lost on a blind user.
Capitalization helps in the refinement of searches for proper names.
Capitalization is an estimate
Capitalization is as found.
Capitalization is estimates.
Capitalization is exploitation.
Capitalization is selling.
Capitalization is when the unpaid interest is added to the principal.
Capitalization is writing.
Capitalization occurs at different intervals depending on the lender's policy.
Capitalization reduces the ambiguity.
Capitalization takes place as construction costs are incurred.
Capitalization takes place during the completion of the project.
All capitalization is ignored.
Capitalized words are okay.
Capitalized words indicate shouting.
Capitated arrangements add more complications, since they pay a fixed amount per member per month.
Capitated payments create financial incentives for health care providers to skimp on care.
Capitated rates are the way to go, and software technology helps make it happen.
Capitation absolutely is here.
Capitation already makes up over one-half of the medical care in California.
Capitation also becomes the catalyst to the cooperation between the hospitals and the doctors.
Capitation asks doctors to shoulder financial risk for their patients' care.
Capitation brings consistency, equity and fairness to funding distribution.
Capitation can quickly become a matter for insurance regulation.
Capitation can raise costs and cause other problems.
Capitation challenges providers to know the costs of the services they provide.
Capitation degrades their time honored professional role.
Capitation gives doctors a financial incentive to use cost-effective types of care.
Capitation has one additional caveat.
Capitation implies that a specific set of services is paid on a fixed monthly fee per member.
Capitation is a key element.
Capitation is a major paradigm shift in which physicians are paid more for doing less.
Capitation is a method of compensating a physician employed by HMOs.
Capitation is a set amount of money received or paid out based on a defined membership population.
Capitation is a tax
Capitation is also on the way out, the article notes.
Capitation is another cost containment strategy.
Capitation is basically a financing system with an ultimate goal of lowering overall costs.
Capitation is clearly a system that rewards doctors for withholding care.
Capitation is down.
Capitation is nearly nonexistent.
Capitation is only one feature of contracts between HMOs and doctors.
Capitation is satisfactory.
Capitation is taxs.
Capitation is the insurance company practice of paying providers a set rate per member per month.
Capitation is the key to that engine.
Capitation is virtually nonexistent.
Capitation preserves primary care and takes it out of specialists.
Capitation refers to how the doctors are paid under the plan.
Capitation refers to the financial arrangement between the doctor and the insurance company.
Capitation requires a sufficiently large patient base so that risk can be assumed.
Capitation rewards people for withholding care.
Capitation often is lower than what it needs to be.
Capitla punishment is justifiable as a deterence because it is the final punishment.
Capitol building is redundant.
Capitol City is a mechanic's truck manufacturer and dealer.
Most capitol cities are the only sources of population in the Realms.
Capitol gains are another beast.
Capitol punishment gives a nation the right to take a guilty life.
Capitol punishment is used a lot.
Capitol punishment is used for 'national' and political ends.
Capitulation is loss
Capitulation is the psychological bottom.
Capiz shell is formed into a hummingbird-floral design mobile.
Capiz topography varies from rolling lands and hills to mountain peaks and ranges.
Capless wigs are lighter and cooler to wear than other types of wigs.
Capnophillic organisms grow best in pressence of increased conc.
A capon is a chicken
Capons are available at some grocery and most specialty stores.
Capons are great for roasting but can also be used for braises and poaching.
Capons can be expensive.
A capote is a coat
Capotes are long coats made of wool, usually.
Cappadoccian children are inquisitive towards strangers.
Capped brood is tan - brown in color.
A cappuccino is coffee
Cappuccino tastes better than espresso.
Cappuccino tastes better that espresso.
Cappuccinos are beverages.
Cappuccinos are coffee.
Cappuccinos are drinks.
Capri marketing offers web design services for both large and small businesses.
A caprice is desire
Caprices is a slim volume of slight but entertaining lyrics.
Capricious weather is a given up here.
Capricorn cats are also committed to their routines.
Capricorn cats are quiet and a little shy.
Capricorn colors are chocolate brown, royal and navy blue, dark green, charcoal gray, and red.
Capricorn dogs are patient and conscientious-great for kids.
Capricorn dogs are serious guys who appear to be a little shy.
Capricorn dogs seem to know that good things come to dogs that wait.
Capricorn energy is persistent and willing to wait for just the right opportunity.
Capricorn females can be boss in marriage too.
Capricorn individuals play roles.
Capricorn males make good husbands and bread winners.
Capricorn men are fairly conservative.
Capricorn moons accomplish even if slowly.
Capricorn pets are loyal and intelligent.
Capricorn women are almost always successful in whatever they undertake.
Capricornian people take their time with relationships, as with everything else.
Capricornian women are wise, strong, reliable, shy, prudent and little effusive.
Caprifig fruit is usually dry, pithy, and resinous.
A caprifig is a fig tree
Caprifigs are the male plants.
Caprifigs usually bear three crops a year named profichi, mamme and mammoni .
A capsaicin is a substance
Capsaicin blocks pain impulses.
Capsaicin burns at first, but eventually deadens the pain sensors in the mouth.
Capsaicin burns hands and eyes just as it creates a hot sensation when eaten.
Capsaicin causes a burning feeling when it is first used.
Capsaicin gives peppers their hotness.
Capsaicin is available as a cream or a gel.
Capsaicin is worth considering for the chronic pain of lupus.
Capsaicin targets pain receptors in the mouth.
Capsaicin triggers the hair follicles and scalp by creating a tingling sensation.
Capsaicins are chemical compounds.
Capsicum spray is intended to slow down and control a person.
A capsicum is a bush
Capsicum also aids in the absorption of the Cold Formula by acting as a mild vasodilator.
Capsicum brings up the heat and energy of the body.
Capsicum comes in either a stream spray or cone spray.
Capsicum increases metabolism by immediately influencing the venous structure.
Capsicum influences blood flow and is included as a catalyst in many herbal formulas.
Capsicum influences blood flow, which makes it a food for the circulatory system as well.
Capsicum supports and stimulates circulation.
Capsicum supports healthy circulation and normalizes blood flow.
Capsicums are also a source of dietry fibre and many other vitamins and minerals.
Capsicums are extremely high in vitamin C, with red capsicums having the most.
Capsicums are less affected than most other vegetable crops.
Capsicums are plants.
Capsicums are red pepper.
Capsicums are shrubs.
Capsicums have a high risk from thrips damage and tomato spotted wilt virus.
Some capsicum leaves a reddish dye on the fur, which makes spotting a returning bear easy.
Capsid bugs feed on creatures.
Capsid bugs feed on other creatures.
Most capsid bugs feed on creatures.
Most capsid bugs feed on other creatures.
Some capsid proteins show significant similarity.
Some capsid proteins show similarity.
A capsid is a protein
Capsid isa insect.
Capsids form around the nucleic acid genome.
Capsids form first as empty structures, and then the genome is inserted.
Capsids have (part) air sacs.
Capsids have (part) brains.
Capsids have (part) carapaces.
Capsids have (part) cell membranes.
Capsids have (part) cells.
Capsids have (part) corpi.
Capsids have (part) cytoplasm.
Capsids have (part) ears.
Capsids have (part) faces.
Capsids have (part) flight feathers.
Capsids have (part) heads.
Capsids have (part) nuclei.
Capsids have (part) plasma membranes.
Capsids have (part) quill feathers.
Capsids have (part) sections.
Capsids have (part) shells.
Capsids have (part) skulls.
Capsids have (part) thoraxes.
Capsids have (part) vacuoles.
Some capsids prefer moist habitats.
Capstan solutions are in use at major corporations worldwide.
A capstan is a windlass
Some capstans have two different bearings, a roller type on the bottom and sleeve on top.
Capstone course helps students integrate their classroom and experiential learning.
Capstone courses are a good idea.
Capstone courses are normally interdisciplinary and applications-oriented.
Capstone courses are now an ABET accreditation requirement.
Capstone courses bring students together in their final year.
Capstone courses provide an integrative perspective within an area of specialization.
All capstone courses share common goals and characteristics, varying only in their themes.
A capstone is a stone
Capstone is a developer of student housing across the country.
Capstone is a maker of microturbines to generate electricity.
Capstone is a requirement for nearly every major.
Capstone is a switched network environment.
Capstone is an innovator and on the cutting edge of microturbine technology.
Capstone is an intelligent, decision-processing software solution for new account decisioning.
Capstone is the last class to be taken.
Capstone keep things fresh through their approach to instrumentation.
Capstone offers instruction in the following academic subject areas.
Capstone provides free, ongoing telephone and Internet assistance for teachers and students.
Capstone publishes a broad range of cutting-edge professional and business management titles.
Capstone specializes in representing tenants in the industrial and office segments.
Capstones are integrative, broadly focused, often interdisciplinary and cross-cultural.
Capstones are part of walls.
Capstones are stones.
Many Capstones require specific prerequisites.
Capsular avulsion is an unusual presentation.
Capsular contracture can also be painful and tight feeling.
Capsular contracture can cause local discomfort and upward displacement of the implant.
Capsular contracture can occur to varying degrees.
Capsular contracture is a common problem associated with breast implants.
Capsular contracture is a tightening of scar tissue around the implant.
Capsular contracture is a variable response to implants and multifactorial.
Capsular contracture is the development of a layer of scar-like tissue around the breast implant.
Capsular slime surrounding bacterial cell is clearly visible.
Capsule hotels are the cheapest ways to go.
A capsule is a container
Capsule comes from an ovary where the carpels have fused and splits in various ways.
Capsule consists of gelatin.
Capsule contains air and spores.
Capsule contains gelatin.
Capsule isa container.
Capsule protects against moisture and light-induced loss of potency.
Capsules allow cells to adhere to their substratum.
Capsules also help many bacteria to adhere to surfaces and thus resist flushing.
Capsules also provide links to a company's home page.
Capsules apically loculicidal.
Capsules are a cost effective way to do the cranberry juice regimen.
Capsules are a more convenient alternative.
Capsules are almost ready to hatch when they are the rusty colour.
Capsules are also more expensive.
Capsules are angular in shape with a brownish or whitish membrane on top.
Capsules are available from health food shops.
Capsules are available in a variety of sizes from veterinary supply distributors.
Capsules are available in many health food stores and pharmacies.
Capsules are available.
Capsules are containers that hold a single item .
Capsules are containers that hold a single item.
Capsules are containers.
Capsules are convenient but have less potency than natural herbs.
Capsules are dried directly under sunlight for five to six days or more.
Capsules are easier to swallow , dissolve faster and are more bioavailable .
Capsules are easier to swallow and dissolve more quickly in the stomach.
Capsules are easier to swallow than hard tablets and dissolve faster to assure maximum absorption.
Capsules are easier to swallow than hard tablets and dissolve faster to assure maximum benefit.
Capsules are easier to swallow than hard tablets and dissolve faster to assure maximum effects.
Capsules are easier to swallow than rock hard tablets and dissolve faster for maximum absorption.
Capsules are easier to swallow that hard tablets and dissolve faster to assure maximum effects.
Capsules are easier to swallow, dissolve faster and are more bioavailable.
Capsules are easy to carry and take in restaurants, at work, etc.
Capsules are free of charge.
Capsules are green and shaped like a gingko leaf.
Capsules are ideal for dispensing prescription products.
Capsules are medicine.
Capsules are nearly impossible to split and get accurate dosing.
Capsules are pills.
Capsules are preferable.
Capsules are replacements for a packet.
Capsules are self-contained experiments that demonstrate principles developed in class.
Capsules are storage devices.
Capsules are straight.
Capsules are structures.
Capsules are the most popular way to consume ginseng and are the most convenient.
Capsules are the same.
Capsules are vegetable based.
Capsules are very large.
Capsules basally loculicidal .
Capsules can be a source of nutrients and energy to microbes.
Capsules can cause different effects, the tea is better.
Capsules can contain as many as twenty individual eggs however the average seems to be around six.
Capsules can form at any time from a few weeks to many years after the implant has been inserted.
Capsules can form at any time from a few weeks to many years after the implants are inserted.
Capsules can migrate between machines or reside off-line in stable storage.
Capsules carry themselves the code to be executed on intermediate systems.
Capsules circumscissile .
Capsules circumscissile, or valvular.
Capsules consist of drugs and other substances within a gelatin shell.
Capsules consists of gelatin.
Capsules contain compressed die-cut foam bows, flowers and other decorations.
Capsules contain devices.
Capsules contain fluid.
Capsules contain genetic materials.
Capsules contain harmful substances.
Capsules contain materials.
Capsules contain mg.
Capsules contain one or two seeds either side of a separator.
Capsules contain other bee products themselves such as royal jelly, propolis and honey.
Capsules contain substances.
Capsules contain synovial fluid.
Capsules contain viscous fluid.
Capsules contain zinc polynicotinate instead of zinc picolinate.
Capsules containing powdered ginger are available in health food stores.
Capsules containing sponge animals pose choke hazards.
Capsules denticidal, or septicidal and loculicidal, or loculicidal.
Capsules dissolve slowly.
Capsules dissolve within minutes in-vivo.
Capsules erect to slightly inclined.
Capsules go straight to the intestines where they help support the immune function.
Capsules have (part) sections.
Capsules have a slightly higher rate.
Capsules have compartments.
Capsules have distinctive bluish color in early stages.
Capsules have shapes.
Capsules help maintain a healthy, balanced intestinal tract.
Capsules hold genetic materials.
Capsules hold materials.
Capsules increase bacterial virulence because a.
Capsules irregularly circumscissile.
Capsules loculicidal .
Capsules make herbs with an acrid taste or unpleasant oils more palatable.
Capsules mature by late spring.
Capsules mature spring or early summer.
Capsules narrowly ovoid, dark brown, longer than the sepals, smooth.
Capsules play a number of roles in the life of microbes.
Capsules prevent allergic symptoms.
Capsules provide protection.
Capsules provide stability.
Capsules slowly release hormones into the bloodstream.
Capsules tend to be the industry's favorite.
Capsules use no artificial additives such as binders and are also available as vege-caps.
Capsules sometimes abort before they are ripe.
Capsules sometimes circumscissile .
Capsules sometimes denticidal, or poricidal .
Capsules sometimes denticidal, or poricidal.
Capsules sometimes operculate.
Capsules usually contain the herb or extract that has been dried and ground up.
Capsules usually denticidal, or valvular .
Capsules usually denticidal, or valvular.
Capsules usually loculicidal .
Capsules usually loculicidal.
All capsules use back-electret technology for uncompromised quality.
Every capsule contains full spectrum of eleutherosides.
Every capsule energizes safely and reliably .
Every capsule has exactly one tld unit.
Most capsules are serotinous.
Most capsules contain devices.
Most capsules contain fluid.
Most capsules contain genetic materials.
Most capsules contain harmful substances.
Most capsules contain materials.
Most capsules contain mg.
Most capsules contain only a bit of garlic oil and then lots of vegetable oil.
Most capsules contain substances.
Most capsules contain synovial fluid.
Most capsules contain viscous fluid.
Most capsules have compartments.
Most capsules have shapes.
Most capsules hold genetic materials.
Most capsules hold materials.
Most capsules provide protection.
Most capsules provide stability.
Some capsules apparently open constantly, releasing a continous light rain of seeds.
Some capsules are made of acid.
Some capsules are washed in water.
Some capsules cause irritation.
Some capsules cause stomach irritation.
Some capsules collect fluid.
Some capsules consist of cartilages.
Some capsules consist of tissue.
Some capsules contain aromatic seeds.
Some capsules contain bacteria.
Some capsules contain capillaries.
Some capsules contain coil tubes.
Some capsules contain concentrate juice.
Some capsules contain concentrate lemon juice.
Some capsules contain dangerous pollutants.
Some capsules contain dark brown seeds.
Some capsules contain edible ink.
Some capsules contain grapefruit.
Some capsules contain ink.
Some capsules contain juice.
Some capsules contain lemon juice.
Some capsules contain many small seeds.
Some capsules contain nylon string.
Some capsules contain organic grapefruit.
Some capsules contain pale brown seeds.
Some capsules contain paper.
Some capsules contain poison.
Some capsules contain pollutants.
Some capsules contain preparation.
Some capsules contain protective bacteria.
Some capsules contain proteins.
Some capsules contain seeds.
Some capsules contain small brown seeds.
Some capsules contain small seeds.
Some capsules contain spores.
Some capsules contain string.
Some capsules contain tubes.
Some capsules contain waterproof paper.
Some capsules contain wing seeds.
Some capsules cover surfaces.
Some capsules fill with brown spores.
Some capsules fill with celery seed oil.
Some capsules fill with oil.
Some capsules fill with spores.
Some capsules give protection.
Some capsules have benefits.
Some capsules have effects.
Some capsules have filament.
Some capsules have modification.
Some capsules have numerous benefits.
Some capsules have side effects.
Some capsules make up of polysaccharides.
Some capsules offer protection.
Some capsules produce seeds.
Some capsules produce spores.
Some capsules protect cartilages.
Captains of industry live and vacation here, as do heads of state from around the world.
Captains of industry turn into sex slaves to love.
A captain is a commissioned officer
Captain acts a nice man.
Captain appear amid an metal neither favor dallas mavericks hats.
Captain appear amid an metal neither favor golden state warriors memorabilia.
Captain appear amid an metal neither favor notre dame helmet.
Captain asks for cocktails and gives the wine list.
Captain blames navigation error, bad weather.
Captain Bring it here.
Captain brings over cart and offers cognacs, ports, or sherry s.
Captain connects to most death though crack metal mailbox.
Captain connects to most death though crack non-metallic conduit.
Captain connects to most death though crack pedestal sinks.
Captain decides to sleep some more.
Captain do something.
Captain does best with women and children, a bit cautious of men.
Captain gives flight details .
Captain gives more flight information A peak at the City of Antwerp, Belgium .
Captain goes over preflight checks .
Captain goes over the approach briefing and approach route .
Captain goes over the departure route .
Captain goes over the flight details Cleared for takeoff .
Captain goes over the speeds and flaps settings and sets the approach speeds .
Captain has a girlfriend.
Captain has minimal control over players.
Captain has no control over teammates or themselves.
Captain has no control over teammates.
Captain has years of experience.
Captain indicates the other traffic .
Captain is a clean-shaven man, strict and stern, with cold eyes.
Captain is also a mixed character.
Captain is better.
Captain is checked regularly for signs of papillomatous disease, and so far, is negative.
Captain is currently the talent coordinator for our Meet the Artist benefit concerts.
Captain is dead. . . .
Captain is deceased.
Captain is effective in fresh water.
Captain is from there.
Captain is great, but cruise director and staff average at best.
Captain is in control of team.
Captain is in full control of players.
Captain is in training to be an obedience and an agility dog.
Captain is responsible for the conduct of the team members .
Captain isa officer.
Captain lift beside most death though connects lighting lighting fixtures.
Captain lift beside most death though connects palm sanders.
Captain offers clothing optional cruises as an option on crewed yacht charters.
Captain oversees stacking operations.
Captain pardon aside most garden while reach airwalk shoes.
Captain pardon aside most garden while reach asics sport clothes.
Captain pardon aside most garden while reach Oakland raiders hat.
Captain pull except one garmin gps sales.
Captain pulls out something that looks like a flashlight.
Captain reach except most garden while greet minnesota vikings posters.
Captain remains and ascends the poop-deck.
Captain reserves the right to cancel trip with full refund or re-schedule trip for another day.
Captain says warn the towns south and meet back at Bradford.
Captain screws up the entry of at least one INS waypoint.
Captain See Ranks .
Captain takes it and holds it like a telescope, aiming it in the direction of the audience.
Captain turns on the light mallet.
Captain weigh across a jewelneck shirt.
Captains allow only an individual unit to do so.
Captains are also available for flotillas.
Captains are available.
Captains are in a special category for most landsmen.
Captains are in command of the ship and supervise the work of other officers.
Captains are jealous and national treasuries are small.
Captains are leaders.
Captains are located in airplanes.
Captains are located in basketball teams.
Captains are located in battleships.
Captains are located in charge.
Captains are located in militaries.
Captains are located in ships.
Captains are lucky in that they get to bring their families on trips if they want to.
Captains are more accountable.
Captains are officers in an army .
Captains are officers in an army.
Captains are officers.
Captains are part of teams.
Captains are pilots.
Captains are police officers.
Captains are policemans.
Captains are responsible for all members following all rules and tournament regulations.
Captains are responsible for all team information .
Captains are responsible for compliance.
Captains are responsible for ensuring the eligibility and sportsmanship of their team.
Captains are responsible for getting their fees in by the second week of the season.
Captains are responsible for knowing and following all rules.
Captains are responsible for making sure their team understands the rules and regulations.
Captains are responsible for making sure there team understands all the rules and regulations.
Captains are responsible for providing team members with all the necessary information.
Captains are responsible for the behavior of their players, as well as their spectators.
Captains are responsible for the conduct of all players, bench personnel, and fans.
Captains are responsible for the conduct of their players.
Captains are responsible for their teams eligibility.
Captains are responsible to relay all rules and policies to all of their players and fans.
Captains are role models and determine how the team functions.
Captains are sailors.
Captains are skilled, patient players who communicate well and involve all players in the game.
Captains are special to every team, because they are the leaders chosen by their teammates.
Captains are stronger than soldiers, they have more health and they respawn fully armed.
Captains are the subordinates of Generals.
Captains are to be in control of their players and teams at all times.
Captains are to keep the boats running on schedule and return only if there is an emergency.
Captains are to work out the details between their club and their opponent captains.
Captains are used for command ships.
Captains are used for commanding ships.
Captains are used for leadership.
Captains are used for sailing boats.
Captains are used for sailing.
Captains are used for ships.
Captains are usually the league s contact person.
Captains are VERY responsible for enforcing the rules.
Captains are welcome to arrange make up games.
Captains asks the player a question.
Captains await the start of a battle while enjoying the beauty of the lake and surrounding park.
Captains base their business on satisfying the public by being producers of fish and entertainment.
Captains can pick-up a copy at the Intramural office.
Captains desperately balance the seconds before the gun and the metres to the line.
Captains dock their boats along the canals behind their homes and board customers there.
Captains dominate while leaders champion.
Captains enjoy the view from up there, but it gets lonely riding around and around all day.
Captains gather information weekly.
Captains get to ride in a place of honor in the parade, but their identity usually remains a secret.
Captains get together with practice coordinator to plan.
Captains have (part) arms.
Captains have (part) body substances.
Captains have (part) cell membranes.
Captains have (part) cells.
Captains have (part) corpi.
Captains have (part) cytoplasm.
Captains have (part) heads.
Captains have (part) human bodies.
Captains have (part) legs.
Captains have (part) material bodies.
Captains have (part) necks.
Captains have (part) nuclei.
Captains have (part) personality.
Captains have (part) plasma membranes.
Captains have (part) sections.
Captains have (part) vacuoles.
Captains have management responsibility for a canine unit.
Captains have specific ways to stow the boat.
Captains have the difficult job of leading by example.
Captains inform attendants.
Captains keep logs and records of the ship's movements and cargo.
Captains know what to use and when to use it.
Captains know who runs the show.
Captains line up anywhere on the red position line.
Captains make attempts.
Captains make sure that machinery and equipment are in working order.
Captains plan and oversee the fishing operation.
Captains play a role in that, too.
Captains receive each game, updated statistics for their team.
Captains recruit their neighbors, order the tools and flowers and get the trash bags.
Captains require special training and a rating to land there.
Captains reserve the right to cancel trips if conditions are unsafe for the vessel or passengers.
Captains run a shift and open and close for managers.
Captains say they, too, have seen the impact of drugs on the fleet.
Captains spend weeks planning strategy, studying weather patterns, charting bait migrations.
Captains stand in circle.
Captains supervise the work of the other officers and crew.
Captains take a time out.
Captains take ships.
Captains take the field.
Captains tell crew members what jobs to do.
Captains tend to avoid giving out enough fish to sell.
Captains using their portable or car radios use the name of their company as a call sign.
All captains are professionals and are seriously involved in regional conservation efforts.
All captains are state licencsed.
All captains have a knowledge of English, especially with regards to their trade.
All captains have knowledge of English especially with regards to their trade.
Every captain brings something new to the team.
Many Captains are members of labor unions.
Most captains inform attendants.
Most captains make attempts.
Most captains own and operate their own vessels and take pride in the quality of their equipment.
Most captains require anglers to release both marlin and sailfish alive.
Most captains take ships.
Most captains undergo functional area designation between their fifth and sixth years of service.
Most captains work on a ship until they are senior enough to run for the position.
Some captains actually hang strips of burlap off their boats' gunwales to absorb wavelets.
Some captains also say there s a good bite of mutton snapper on some of the deeper drop-offs.
Some captains announce captains.
Some captains become directors.
Some Captains have a formal sailing program.
Some captains have boys.
Some captains have seizures.
Some captains have sons.
Some captains inform officials.
Some captains leave homes.
Some captains prohibit smoking in the cabin.
Some captains rub foreheads.
Some captains see vanes.
Some captains see weather vanes.
Some captains sell slaves.
Some captains shoot men.
Some captains think that grays are attracted by the drone of a boat's engine.
Some captains work on boats.
Some captains work on same boats.
A captaincy is a position
Captaincy is a lot about coaching.
Captaincy seems to bring out the batsman in Streak.
Captec products can be inexpensively and mass produced, in industrial quantities.
A caption is an exception
Caption adds and positions text or labels to the image.
Caption diagrams below.
Caption follows, reading 'All day every day'.
Caption given to map if latitude and longitude are used.
Caption gives meaning to the cartoon.
Caption goes here.
Caption is alignable to left, right, or center.
Caption is better than explainer.
Caption is descriptive text which can be entered on a per-photo basis.
Caption is the default property of the label.
Caption is the description a of graphic element.
Caption is the text over the button.
Captions add meaning and guide the reader's response to an illustration or photograph.
Captions add meaning to supporting graphics.
Captions align to the top by default.
Captions also allow search capabilities.
Captions also benefit new readers and people who are learning English as a second language.
Captions appear above table.
Captions appear randomly when clicking on the image .
Captions appear with the larger pictures.
Captions are a mixed blessing.
Captions are a visual depiction of the soundtrack of a video program or film.
Captions are acceptable.
Captions are almost always necessary to ensure full accessibility for web-based video applications.
Captions are appropriate and describe the pictures.
Captions are as yet unavailable.
Captions are at the bottom.
Captions are at the Web address below.
Captions are available in English and Spanish.
Captions are boldface, centered, and followed by a period.
Captions are descriptive table titles outside the range of the table.
Captions are direct quotes from sites.
Captions are displayed outside of the table.
Captions are essential so no one is confused about what it is they're seeing.
Captions are exceptions.
Captions are from that exhibit or adapted from the exhibit catalog.
Captions are helpful.
Captions are important, because they explain the relevance of each item.
Captions are in colored text.
Captions are in English, French and Arabic.
Captions are in Spanish.
Captions are in the same language as the audio.
Captions are information.
Captions are justified.
Captions are less amusing, less experimental, and more cutting.
Captions are mandatory for photographs.
Captions are mandatory if they are present on the published serial.
Captions are one of the first places skimmers look.
Captions are part of illustrations.
Captions are prepared ahead of time and text is as accurate as timed and placed captions.
Captions are the text representing the soundtrack of a television program or video.
Captions are titles.
Captions are to be listed on a separate sheet, with scale divisions mentioned.
Captions are to be typed separately.
Captions are under the pictures.
Captions are under, use arrow key to read more.
Captions are useless to the viewer if they lag far behind or are full of errors.
Captions are welcome, and useful in self-defense.
Captions below are from annotations on album pages.
Captions can be funny and some are better than others.
Captions can be long or short.
Captions can be realtime, live display, autoscroll, or computerized notes.
Captions can be words, phrases, or sentences.
Captions can include image information such as file name, file size, file type and creation date.
Captions depend on content.
Captions describe accomplishments.
Captions describe salient features of each image.
Captions disappear when the volume is restored.
Captions display television's auditory information in visual form.
Captions explain each shot.
Captions explain the historical background behind each image.
Captions explain the particulars.
Captions explain the topic and give statistical data.
Captions facing figures summarize key features and distribution.
Captions get greater readership than body copy.
Captions give dimensions, weight, original price.
Captions give known information.
Captions have links to further information on topics related to the image.
Captions indicate special instructions such as specifically intended recipients.
Captions link to product home pages.
Captions Make captions precise and explain all symbols and abbreviations used.
Captions move to indicate the position of the speaker.
Captions notate sound effects and other dramatically significant audio.
Captions offer full descriptions, prices.
Captions provide all explanatory text.
Captions provide clinical information and explanations of the angiographic details.
Captions provide descriptions that include size, weight, and cost.
Captions provide factual information.
Captions provide historic and biographical information.
Captions provide key information about each photograph.
Captions provide scientific names and other information.
Captions provide scientific names, range, other data.
Captions read left to right.
Captions reinforce vocabulary and main concepts.
Captions reveal personal info and insights.
Captions run broadside unless specified otherwise.
Captions scroll up a line at a time from the bottom or top of the screen to usually three full rows.
Captions scrupulously identify places and persons in the photos.
Captions seem to accompany pedestrians and passing drivers, giving their names and compact bios.
Captions serve as a brief, but complete, explanation and as a title.
Captions show up on the form editor and also while the program is running.
Captions Take Different Shapes Talking captions continue to plague the student.
Captions transform documents into evidence and assist participants in articulating their thoughts.
Captions usually appear at the bottom of the TV screen as white letters on a black background.
Captions usually appear underneath the person who is speaking.
All captions are in original language and English.
All captions are subject to editing.
All captions are to be added on a separate sheet, at the end of the article.
Some captions identify equipment and processes, and give location information.
Some captions suggest ways of looking at the images.
Captive agents are employees of an insurance company.
Captive agents sell policies for one insurance company only.
Captive agents work for and represent the products of only one insurance company.
Some captive alligators live up to years.
Captive animals are animals.
Captive animals are captives.
Captive animals can harm themselves or others in many ways.
Captive animals drink water.
Captive animals eat some meat such as dog food.
Captive animals engage in highly social behavior, typically resting with each other.
Captive animals have problems.
Captive animals live for years.
Captive animals live up to years.
Captive animals play an important part in conservation, education and research.
Captive animals play roles.
Captive animals require a daily food intake equal to one-quarter of their body weight.
Captive animals tend to be most active in the early morning and late afternoon and evening.
Most captive animals have problems.
Most captive animals live for years.
Most captive animals live up to years.
Most captive animals play roles.
Some captive animals eat honey.
Some captive animals have expectancy.
Some captive animals have life expectancy.
Some captive animals reach maturity.
Some captive animals reach sexual maturity.
Captive birds can also develop a vitamin A deficiency.
Captive birds can sometimes survive in feral groups if released into the wild.
Captive birds have choices.
Captive birds hold fruits with feet while breaking into smaller pieces.
Captive birds live for years.
Captive birds reach sexual maturity in their second year.
Captive birds suffer from calcium deficiencies.
Captive birds suffer from deficiencies.
Most captive birds behave differently from wild birds.
Most captive birds have choices.
Most captive birds live for years.
Most captive birds suffer from calcium deficiencies.
Most captive birds suffer from deficiencies.
Some captive birds drink artificial seawater.
Some captive birds drink seawater.
Captive bonobos can learn to understand simple English language.
Captive breeds take places.
Most captive breeds take places.
Captive breeding can also keep pest flies away if done carefully.
Captive breeding can preserve marmot species in the shortrun, but is impractical over the long-term.
Captive breeding continues.
Captive breeding focuses on the reproduction of rare animals in captivity.
Captive breeding gives iguanas with good personalities a chance to reproduce.
Captive breeding helps to raise reproductive rates and maintain genetic diversity.
Captive breeding is a highly artificial situation.
Captive breeding is a practical way for scientists to restore rare fish to streams or rivers.
Captive breeding is a very succesfull way to reintroduce the population into the wild.
Captive breeding is an important conservation technique.
Captive breeding is another hope for the survival of the species.
Captive breeding is difficult , partly because of the relatively infrequent breeding cycle .
Captive breeding is difficult, partly because of the relatively infrequent breeding cycle.
Captive breeding is of the utmost importance.
Captive breeding is one such method.
Captive breeding is possible.
Captive breeding is rare and difficult to accomplish.
Captive breeding raises many ethical, environmental, social and economic issues.
Captive butterflies live for several weeks.
Captive butterflies live for weeks.
Most captive butterflies live for several weeks.
Most captive butterflies live for weeks.
Captive carry includes range data.
All captive chameleons require calcium and vitamin supplementation.
Captive chickens require a similar dual-habitat.
Some captive chimpanzees suffer from cardiac diseases.
Some captive chimpanzees suffer from diseases.
Captive colonies are managed as two separate units.
Some captive colonies become diversity.
Some captive colonies become genetic diversity.
Some captive colonies become maintain diversity.
Some captive colonies become maintain genetic diversity.
Captive dolphins are fantastic imitators of human sounds.
Captive dolphins are usually docile.
Captive environments affect behavior.
Captive environments affect innate behavior.
Most captive environments affect behavior.
Most captive environments affect innate behavior.
Captive facilities have a point of view - challenge it.
Captive fathers demonstrate quite a bit of parental care.
Captive females begin to mate at eight or nine years of age.
Captive females give birth to from three to five cubs at a lit- ter.
Captive females incubate the eggs and the male feeds the female during the incubation period.
Captive fish live for several years.
Captive fish live for years.
Most captive fish live for several years.
Most captive fish live for years.
Some captive frogs live up to years.
Captive gorillas suffer from cardiac diseases.
Captive gorillas suffer from diseases.
Most captive gorillas suffer from cardiac diseases.
Most captive gorillas suffer from diseases.
Captive iguanas live for years.
Most captive iguanas live for years.
Captive individuals are noted to become quite aggressive after nesting.
Captive insurance can provide broader coverage than available through existing products.
Captive insurance is a formalized approach to self-insurance.
Captive insurance is a legitimate tax structure for small-business owners.
Captive insurance is an insurance company owned by the people it insures.
Captive insurance is one of the few subjects of good economic news in the State of Hawaii.
Captive insurers have many uses and come in many forms.
Captive kittens raised by locals make good pets and are extremely affectionate towards their owners.
Captive labor is fueled by the war on drugs.
Captive laborers rummage through the pockets of the dead and search for bits of decaying food.
Some captive lemurs meet death.
Some captive lemurs meet early death.
Captive lessors are subsidiaries of manufacturing companies.
Captive mains lead.
Captive males are extremely aggressive toward one another.
Captive males live peacefully with females and young but fight other adult males.
Captive management is a competitive business and fees are usually in line with reality.
Captive management is our primary business.
Some captive managers offer new clients a rock-bottom price that seems to good to be true.
Captive markets can cushion companies in downturns.
Some captive marmosets reach maturity.
Some captive marmosets reach sexual maturity.
Captive monitors can easily become obese, so it s a good idea to avoid fatty foods.
Captive mice are tolerant of others and display little aggression.
Some captive orangutans suffer isolation.
Captive orcas face a unique set of health concerns than their wild counterparts.
Many captive orcas die unexpectedly, but necropsies find almost half die from bacterial infections.
Captive pandas are notorious for their tenuous mating habits.
Captive populations are of course an insurance against unforseen extinctions in the wild.
Captive populations are on the decline as well.
Some captive primates are caused by viruses.
Captive programs are most appropriate for long-tail lines of business with loss frequency.
Captive reindeer eat a special high-protein deer feed.
Captive releases have the potential to introduce disease into wild populations of desert tortoises.
Some captive sharks have pups.
Some captive sharks have shark pups.
Captive shippers are in one sense lucky.
Captive snakes have color.
Most captive snakes have color.
Captive specimens are gentle and greedily and drink verv much.
Captive specimens exhibit behavior.
Captive specimens exist, but no breeding success has been reported.
Captive specimens seem to benefit if provided with a box of damp moss in which to occasionally sit.
Captive specimens take mice and small birds.
Some captive specimens live for years.
Captive squirrels live for years.
Captive squirrels need contain proteins.
Captive squirrels need proteins.
Most captive squirrels live for years.
Captive stock is maintained for research and exhibit purposes.
Captive supplies are detrimental to free markets and true price discovery.
Captive supplies are probably the number one weapon packers use in depressing prices.
Captive toads enjoy food.
Most captive toads enjoy food.
Some captive toads eat vegetables.
Some captive toads take advantage.
Some captive tortoises carry diseases.
Some captive tortoises spread diseases.
Captive turtles tend to be fed too much meat.
Some captive turtles feed on cayman island turtle farms.
Some captive turtles feed on farms.
Some captive turtles live to ages.
Captive wildlife are also present in zoos and other animal exhibits.
Captive wildlife are conduits of diseases that threaten to decimate the West's native wildlife.
Captive wombats can be very tame and friendly.
Captive zeros are between nonzero digits.
Captive zeros are zeros between nonzero digits.
A captive is a person
Captive isa individual.
Captive isa person.
Captive isa somebody.
Captive isa someone.
Captives allow many Canadian companies to reduce expenditures while investing capital internally.
Captives also give control by allowing companies to manage claims and litigation.
Captives appear able to live together with little antagonism.
Captives are animals.
Captives are at their best when they are used as a platform for greater control of risk.
Captives are established to meet the risk-management needs of the owners or members.
Captives are licensed by many jurisdictions .
Captives breed throughout the year, though with marked peaks in early spring and late summer.
Captives do well on an omnivorous diet that leans toward carnivory.
Captives eat food.
Captives eat insects, cat chow and occasionally some produce.
Captives feed on a variety of geckos, lacertids, bird eggs and nestlings.
Captives function as risk-bearing entities related in some way to the risks of the shareholders.
Captives have (part) arms.
Captives have (part) body substances.
Captives have (part) cell membranes.
Captives have (part) cells.
Captives have (part) corpi.
Captives have (part) cytoplasm.
Captives have (part) heads.
Captives have (part) human bodies.
Captives have (part) legs.
Captives have (part) material bodies.
Captives have (part) necks.
Captives have (part) nuclei.
Captives have (part) personality.
Captives have (part) plasma membranes.
Captives have (part) sections.
Captives have (part) vacuoles.
Captives leave the LRA in several ways.
Captives nevertheless are quite hardy and fare reasonably well.
Captives provide flexibly based alternate risk management strategies through self-insurance.
Captives range in ages.
Captives take various forms.
All Captives are equal.
Many captives are domiciled in jurisdictions that specialize in specific types of risk.
Many captives are gentle and playful and like to be petted by their custodians.
Most captives are to a large degree denied the opportunity to engage in social activities.
Most captives eat food.
Most captives range in ages.
Some captives become hostages, some become slaves.
Some captives breed dormouses.
Some captives eat earthworms.
Some captives have genetic variation.
Some captives have low genetic variation.
Some captives have variation.
Some captives live for years.
Some captives retain instinct.
Some captives retain natural instinct.
Some captives retain same instinct.
Some captives say in statements.
Captivity can come in many forms.
Captivity can last for hours, days or weeks.
Captivity causes many health problems in marine mammals.
Captivity is a confinement
Captivity is a reality in our land.
Captivity is a reality of the war.
Captivity is confinements.
Captivity is only a very short term answer.
Captivity is slavery.
Captivity means possession.
Captivity offers numerous advantages to whitetails.
Captivity severely compromises an orca's quality of life.
A captor is a person
Captors prove their sincerity by using the same tactics on their fellow prisoners.
Capture action sequences with burst mode and fine detail with close-up mode.
Some capture cards offer a deinterlacing feature.
Capture myopathy is thought to be responsible.
Capture states are victims of vested interests, and are therefore unlikely to move fast.
Capture theory poses a challenge to the premise of antitrust policy.
Capture time admitting department is called for bed assignment.
A capture is a getting
Capture absorbs the allergens just like it does dirt and soil.
Capture addresses from word processors and contact managers.
Capture begins immediately.
Capture biases towards a specific personality are thus unlikely.
Capture chat to file.
Capture costs for others.
Capture costs one action point.
Capture data only one time accurately.
Capture does just that, easily and without fuss or trouble.
Capture frost glistening on poplars as they shed their golden leaves.
Capture glides on and clean up is easy with just soap and water.
Capture glomeruli safely and away from vasculature with two-step throw.
Capture involves the addition of the neutron to the uranium nucleus to form a new compound nucleus.
Capture is at the occupying position where the capturing piece becomes the new superpiece.
Capture is by approach or withdrawal.
Capture is by jumping.
Capture is obligatory and has precedence in both phases.
Capture lead qualification information.
Capture maintains reduced levels of allergens.
Capture notes somewhere other than a flip chart.
Capture operates from the top of the tree down, mostly starting at the document object itself.
Capture passes the compressed signature to the banking calling environment.
Capture performs poorly with skewed text.
Capture refers to approval and posting of the transaction, and shipment of the goods.
Capture rules that encode experts' experience in how costs are realized.
Capture shows no respect for the highly developed social structure of the pack.
Capture still digital images from any video.
Capture still images from a video with with video capture software.
Capture still images from the video-in stream.
Capture still pictures.
Captures are by jumping.
Captures are by landing on either side of an enemy piece.
Captures are by withdrawal and approach.
Captures are compulsory.
Captures are discrete events, so the intake rate before a success is zero.
Captures are felonies.
Captures are important.
Captures are mandatory and have to be completed.
Captures are mandatory, and the object is to be unable to move.
Captures are mandatory.
Captures are natural processes.
Captures are unselective and can be disappointing.
Captures athletes personal information, sport related and qualification information.
Captures complete worldwide information about ceramics.
Captures data instantly with no waiting.
Captures detail well.
Captures hearts with a wonderful story about toys who come to life.
Captures image right from the screen - no intermediate window.
Captures insects in mid-air.
Captures kings as a king, only from the adjacent square.
Captures menus too.
Captures occur on moves in one of two ways, either by approach or by withdrawal.
Captures prey on ground or in air, after direct pursuit.
Captures remain the propriety of their respective source, be it a movie or TV show.
Captures screen shots of games, chatrooms, web sites, email.
Captures sound being played by other sound players, either from a file or from the Internet.
Captures sound from a mike too.
Captures vary dramtically at different sites and wet weather has made field work difficult.
All capture is done to video tape using analog methods for linear playback and editing.
All capture routines works with direct acess to video hardware drivers to prevent dropped frames.
All captures are by displacement.
All captures are mandatory.
Captured videos are of good size and quality, but suffer from minor jerkiness.
Capturings are harmeds.
Some capuchin friars become friends.
Capuchin monkey has prehensile tail that is the same length as the body.
Capuchin monkeys are clever and easy to train.
Capuchin monkeys are territorial animals.
Capuchin monkeys display characteristics.
Capuchin monkeys eat food.
Capuchin monkeys exhibit behavior.
Capuchin monkeys fall into several genera.
Capuchin monkeys have a variety of behaviors.
Capuchin monkeys have behavior.
Capuchin monkeys have capability.
Capuchin monkeys have diets.
Capuchin monkeys have prehensile tails.
Capuchin monkeys have tails.
Capuchin monkeys have vary diets.
Capuchin monkeys live in Central America and South America .
Capuchin monkeys live in Central America and South America.
Capuchin monkeys reach maturity.
Capuchin monkeys reach sexual maturity.
Capuchin monkeys weigh around grams.
Most capuchin monkeys have behavior.
Most capuchin monkeys have capability.
Most capuchin monkeys have diets.
Most capuchin monkeys have prehensile tails.
Most capuchin monkeys have tails.
Most capuchin monkeys reach sexual maturity.
Some capuchin monkeys have habitat requirements.
Some capuchin monkeys have patches.
Some capuchin monkeys have requirements.
Some capuchin monkeys have specific habitat requirements.
Some capuchin monkeys have specific requirements.
A capuchin is a cloak
Capuchin isa monkey.
Capuchin object manipulation.
Capuchins also eat a lot of insects and spiders.
Capuchins are active throughout the day.
Capuchins are also popular entertainers in zoos - where they adjust well to captivity.
Capuchins are also very territorial animals.
Capuchins are among the small number of primates which have usable, opposable thumbs.
Capuchins are arboreal, and when they travel together they move in a specific order.
Capuchins are cloaks.
Capuchins are darkly black or brown except for the face, throat and chest, that are white coloured.
Capuchins are diurnal , arboreal , intelligent, social, and territorial.
Capuchins are diurnal and arboreal monkeys living in forested habitat.
Capuchins are diurnal.
Capuchins are famous for their mischievous ways, intelligence and good memories.
Capuchins are great climbers and spend most of their time in trees.
Capuchins are intelligent, curious animals.
Capuchins are long lived animals.
Capuchins are more intelligent than other monkeys of the same size.
Capuchins are omnivores, so they eat a variety of food.
Capuchins are primates.
Capuchins are skilled tool users.
Capuchins are small, graceful, and easily trained monkeys.
Capuchins are smaller monkeys and live in the tropical forests in Central and South America.
Capuchins are very clever and good for training.
Capuchins are very social animals and one of the most intelligent monkeys kept in captivity.
Capuchins drink every day, usually from water collecting in tree hollows or bromeliads.
Capuchins feed heavily on palm nuts and thus are frequently seen among the fronds in palm stands.
Capuchins freely choose celibacy to pursue religious life and ministry.
Capuchins have (part) brains.
Capuchins have (part) breasts.
Capuchins have (part) cell membranes.
Capuchins have (part) cells.
Capuchins have (part) chest cavities.
Capuchins have (part) chests.
Capuchins have (part) corpi.
Capuchins have (part) cytoplasm.
Capuchins have (part) ears.
Capuchins have (part) faces.
Capuchins have (part) heads.
Capuchins have (part) nuclei.
Capuchins have (part) pedal extremities.
Capuchins have (part) piluses.
Capuchins have (part) plasma membranes.
Capuchins have (part) rib cages.
Capuchins have (part) sections.
Capuchins have (part) skulls.
Capuchins have (part) sterna.
Capuchins have (part) vacuoles.
Capuchins have (part) vertebrate feet.
Capuchins have a complex diet.
Capuchins have a variety of chatters, squeaks, shrieks, and other sounds for communication.
Capuchins have a well defined opposable thumb.
Capuchins have a wide variety of chatters, squeaks and shrieks used for communication.
Capuchins have jaws.
Capuchins have prehensile tails.
Capuchins have rounder skulls.
Capuchins have skulls.
Capuchins have tails.
Capuchins have very nimble fingers and they have a prehensile tail.
Capuchins live in different habitats.
Capuchins live in habitats.
Capuchins live in large social groups.
Capuchins live in many different habitats.
Capuchins live in the tropical jungles of South and Central America.
Capuchins retain genus.
Capuchins selectively observe models best capable of conveying knowledge they lack.
Capuchins show signs of alarm to predators such as ocelots, boa constrictors and even caimans.
Capuchins stay within a small but regular range, and within that range they follow regular tracks.
Capuchins teach in a variety of settings, from high school seminary to college level.
Capuchins tend to spiritual needs as chaplains for a variety of institutions.
Capuchins use rocks of half their body weight to crack open palm fruits.
All capuchins live in dense habitat.
All Capuchins live in dense habitat.
Most capuchins have jaws.
Most capuchins have prehensile tails.
Most capuchins have rounder skulls.
Most capuchins have skulls.
Most capuchins have tails.
Most capuchins live in different habitats.
Most capuchins live in habitats.
Most capuchins live in many different habitats.
Most capuchins retain genus.
Some capuchins destroy plants.
Some capuchins eat insects.
Some capuchins feed on fruit.
Some capuchins have limbs.
Some capuchins have participation.
Some capuchins have ranges.
Some capuchins invade territory.
Some capuchins occur in areas.
Some capuchins rely on nuts.
Some capuchins rely on palm nuts.
Caput succedaneum disappears spontaneously within hours to days of birth.
A caput is a body part
Caput is present at birth and clears in a few days.
Caput means head.
Caput offers the most comprehensive suite of customisable community tools.
Caput tuum in ano est.
Caputs are bulges.
Capybara meat has quality.
A capybara is a mammal
Capybara isa rodent.
Capybaras adapt easily to life in captivity and become remarkably friendly.
Capybaras adapt easily to life in captivity.
Capybaras also engage in coprophagy, the consumption of their own feces .
Capybaras also have an extremely short, barely visible tail, located on their rear end.
Capybaras are a kind of mammal called a rodent.
Capybaras are a type of cavy.
Capybaras are actually quite popular.
Capybaras are eminently trainable, and are naturally very clean.
Capybaras are excellent swimmers.
Capybaras are herbivores and graze on a variety of grasses, aquatic plants, fruit and tree bark.
Capybaras are herbivores and only eat vegetation.
Capybaras are herbivores, creatures that eat plants.
Capybaras are herbivores, meaning they are plant-eaters.
Capybaras are herd animals.
Capybaras are highly sociable animals.
Capybaras are highly social, and fare poorly when kept alone.
Capybaras are mammals.
Capybaras are non-aggressive rodents.
Capybaras are plant eaters.
Capybaras are rodents.
Capybaras are semi-aquatic mammals.
Capybaras are semi-aquatic, spending a lot of time in the water.
Capybaras are semi-aquatic, which means they spend a lot of time in the water.
Capybaras are semi-aquatic.
Capybaras are slightly clumsy on land, but are excellent swimmers and divers.
Capybaras are sociable animals.
Capybaras are social animals, living in groups controlled by one dominant male.
Capybaras are social creatures.
Capybaras are surprisingly clean despite an unsavory habit or two.
Capybaras are the biggest rodents in the world.
Capybaras are the largest existing rodent in the world.
Capybaras are the largest living rodents.
Capybaras are the largest rodent in the world.
Capybaras are the largest rodents in the world.
Capybaras are usually healthy in captivity, as long as they receive proper care.
Capybaras are very dependent on water and are well adapted to it.
Capybaras are very fussy eaters.
Capybaras are very gregarious.
Capybaras are very useful animals.
Capybaras are very vocal.
Capybaras are well-suited for living in and near the water.
Capybaras avoid predation.
Capybaras can breed anytime during the year.
Capybaras communicate with barks, whistles, clicks, squeals, and grunts plus smell.
Capybaras dive into water.
Capybaras eat grain.
Capybaras eat grass.
Capybaras eat plants, mostly grass.
Capybaras engage in scuffles.
Capybaras feed on aquatic vegetables.
Capybaras feed on vegetables.
Capybaras have (part) brains.
Capybaras have (part) breasts.
Capybaras have (part) cell membranes.
Capybaras have (part) cells.
Capybaras have (part) chest cavities.
Capybaras have (part) chests.
Capybaras have (part) corpi.
Capybaras have (part) cytoplasm.
Capybaras have (part) ears.
Capybaras have (part) faces.
Capybaras have (part) heads.
Capybaras have (part) nuclei.
Capybaras have (part) pedal extremities.
Capybaras have (part) piluses.
Capybaras have (part) plasma membranes.
Capybaras have (part) rib cages.
Capybaras have (part) sections.
Capybaras have (part) skulls.
Capybaras have (part) sterna.
Capybaras have (part) vacuoles.
Capybaras have (part) vertebrate feet.
Capybaras have a membrane between their toes, providing webbed feet for swimming.
Capybaras have coats.
Capybaras have glands.
Capybaras have heads.
Capybaras have large, round bodies and small heads.
Capybaras have little or no tails.
Capybaras have no tail and short legs with webbed feet.
Capybaras have reddish-brown hair and two long front teeth that are typical in rodents.
Capybaras have scent glands.
Capybaras have sweat glands.
Capybaras inhabit water.
Capybaras live in areas.
Capybaras live in climates.
Capybaras live in environments.
Capybaras live in grassy areas.
Capybaras live in grassy wetlands or close to rivers in many parts of South America .
Capybaras live in grassy wetlands or close to rivers in many parts of South America.
Capybaras live in hot climates.
Capybaras live in natural environments.
Capybaras mate in the water just before rainy season.
Capybaras mate in the water.
Capybaras protect themselves in a different way than other animals do.
Capybaras reach maturity.
Capybaras reach sexual maturity.
Capybaras resemble guinea pigs and their blunt head is perhaps their most notable characteristic.
Capybaras spend a lot of time chewing on tough grasses to keep the teeth from growing too long.
Capybaras spend a lot of time chewing tough grasses.
Capybaras stay with mothers.
Capybaras tend to dive into the water to hide from predators.
Capybaras use their long, sharp teeth for grazing on grass and water plants.
Capybaras sometimes hide in floating vegetation, too.
Capybaras sometimes hide in floating vegetation.
Most capybaras avoid predation.
Most capybaras dive into water.
Most capybaras eat grain.
Most capybaras eat grass.
Most capybaras feed on aquatic vegetables.
Most capybaras feed on vegetables.
Most capybaras have coats.
Most capybaras have glands.
Most capybaras have heads.
Most capybaras have scent glands.
Most capybaras have sweat glands.
Most capybaras live in areas.
Most capybaras live in climates.
Most capybaras live in environments.
Most capybaras live in grassy areas.
Most capybaras live in hot climates.
Most capybaras live in natural environments.
Most capybaras reach maturity.
Most capybaras reach sexual maturity.
Most capybaras stay with mothers.
Some capybaras die of pneumonia.
Some capybaras have body mass.
Some capybaras have front teeth.
Some capybaras have long front teeth.
Some capybaras have mass.
Some capybaras have natural predators.
Some capybaras have predators.
Some capybaras have structures.
Some capybaras have teeth.
Some capybaras live for years.
Some capybaras look like gigantic pigs.
Some capybaras look like guinea pigs.
Some capybaras look like pigs.
Some capybaras prefer vegetation.
Some capybaras show variation.
Car accident causes all to return.
Car accidents are a common sight.
Car accidents are a leading cause of death for children today.
Car accidents are a leading cause of trauma.
Car accidents are a major cause of death in places where there are many cars .
Car accidents are a major cause of death in places where there are many cars.
Car accidents are also a prime factor.
Car accidents are another common intrusion into our daily lives.
Car accidents are capable of serious accidents.
Car accidents are scary, but many people find gun accidents even scarier.
Car accidents are the best example of personal injury actions.
Car accidents are the leading cause of death for travelers.
Car accidents are the leading cause of teenage death.
Car accidents are the most common cause of death for school age children.
Car accidents are vehicular accidents.
Car accidents cause brain injuries.
Car accidents cause injuries and known deaths to pets.
Car accidents cause injuries.
Car accidents cause whiplashs.
Car accidents injure millions every year and affect nearly everyone.
Car accidents involve vehicles.
Car accidents kill more American teens than any other cause.
Car accidents lead to severe injuries and even deaths.
Car Accidents Read about Cases that injure thousands of people in the commonwealth every year.
Car accidents vary in severity.
Most car accidents cause brain injuries.
Most car accidents cause injuries.
Most car accidents involve vehicles.
Some car accidents claim life.
Car adapter is included.
Car alarm is alarm.
Car alarm is electronic devices.
Car alarms are up there on the list, too, with girls who wear makeup to the gym.
Car alarms are very common and come with a wide range of options.
Car alarms don t rouse citizens to protective action.
Many car alarms have an ignition-kill option.
Most car alarms are false alarms.
Most car alarms have a panic button which sets off the alarm when pushed.
Some car alarms have a flashing red light on the dash which indicates there is an alarm.
Car Attendants play several different roles on board the train.
Car audio includes cassette receiver, CD receiver, multi-disc CD player and equalizer amplifiers.
Car audio includes cassettereceiver, CD receiver, multi-disc CD playerand equalizer amplifiers.
Car audio is a very fun, but expensive hobby to get into.
Car audios are electrical devices.
Car audios are mechanical devices.
A car battery is an accumulator
Car batteries are an example of re-chargeable batteries.
Car batteries are auto parts.
Car batteries are automotive products.
Car batteries are just that, for cars.
Car batteries are most likely to explode when a short-circuit generates very large currents.
Car batteries are much large.
Car batteries are part of electrical systems.
Car batteries are rechargeable .
Car batteries are rechargeable.
Car batteries can maintain an electrical charge even if flooded.
Car batteries contain acid, which is corrosive.
Car batteries contain lead and sulfuric acid.
Car batteries contain lead.
Car batteries contain sulfuric acid and produce hydrogen and oxygen gases.
Car batteries have a liquid electrolyte .
Car batteries have a liquid electrolyte.
Car batteries have three main jobs.
Car batteries lose power in the cold.
Car batteries use acid.
Car batteries use sulfuric acid.
All car batteries have liquid inside.
Most car batteries use acid.
Some car batteries are part of ambulances.
Some car batteries are part of automobiles.
Some car batteries are part of autos.
Some car batteries are part of cars.
Some car batteries are part of dumpers.
Some car batteries are part of go-karts.
Some car batteries are part of motorbikes.
Some car batteries are part of pickups.
Some car batteries are part of taxis.
Some car batteries are part of trucks.
A car bomb is a bomb
Car bomb explodes in Central Jerusalem killing two and injuring seven.
Car bomb rocks central Madrid before dawn, injuring nine people.
Car bombs are bombs.
Car bombs bring down whole buildings and, conceiveably, city blocks.
Car bombs explode at the most inopportune times.
Car bombs explode in Madrid.
Car bombs kill citizens in Israel.
Car camping offers several advantages.
Car Care Have power steering, brakes, windows and seat controls.
Car care is maintenance
A car carrier is a trailer
Car carriers are on strict weigh restrictions and fuel can add significantly to weight limits.
Car charger plug never overcharges the battery.
Car chases lead to massive stunt pileups, and there's gunfire, but no injuries.
Car Club Offers automobile information.
Car clubs are a great source for info and for finding project cars.
Car Clubs Are Welcome also.
Car clubs are welcome too.
Car Clubs can book an Exclusive Club Site at no additional cost.
Many car clubs have their own events such as summertime barbecues, parties and cruises.
Car commercials are a perfect example.
A car company is a company
Car companies are companies.
Car companies are willing to take more risks.
Car companies can stay flexible on staffing levels.
Car companies do.
Car companies have a clear advantage in that respect.
Car companies make almost as much profits selling loans for their cars, as they do selling cars.
Car companies offer incentives when inventories start to build.
Most car companies offer child safety, toddler and infant seats.
Some car companies charge for additional drivers.
Some car companies go so far as to break their service recommendations down month by month.
Car control is poor as well, and bear no resemblance to real physics whatsoever.
Car Costs Buying a car involves more than just picking the right make or model.
Car crash is the most common death cause among overseas Taiwanese students.
Car crashes are a leading cause of death.
Car crashes are a leading killer.
Car crashes are the leading cause of death among American teenagers.
Car crashes are the leading cause of death among children in America.
Car crashes are the leading cause of death among children in the United States.
Car crashes are the leading cause of death for Connecticut teens.
Car crashes are the leading cause of death to children in America.
Car crashes are the leading risk faced by our nation s children.
Car crashes are the number one cause of death for children nationwide.
Car crashes are the number one cause of death for young people.
Car crashes are the second leading cause of death in young people.
Car crashes become a feature on television.
Car crashes can jam seatbelt buckles.
Car crashes cause some three million injuries annually.
Car crashes kill an average of seven children each day.
Car crashes kill more people between the ages of one and forty-four than anything else.
Car crashes remain one of the biggest killers of teenage girls.
Car crashes remain the number one killer of children.
Car crashs are located in freeways.
Car crashs are the number one cause of death or injury for children.
Car crashs cause amnesia.
Many car crashes happen close to home.
Some car crashes are caused by shooters.
Some car crashes involve boars.
Some car crashes involve wild boars.
Some car crashes kill brides.
A car dealer is a dealer
Car dealers are a good example.
Car dealers are dealers.
Car dealers are happy about the cut.
Car dealers are often among the hardest hit when spring hail storms come calling.
Car dealers are the same way.
Car dealers are well aware that a super clean interior raises the overall value of a vehicle.
Car Dealers can target special deals.
Car dealers collect the tax and send it on to the state.
Car dealers come here to buy and sell, but they also come here to meet and socialize.
Car dealers gain e-business without the expense of advertising for it.
Car Dealers Get fast and accurate new car prices, information and more.
Car Dealers Get fast and acurate new car prices, information and more.
Car dealers get free listings and can manage their inventory using their browser.
Car dealers know cars, and they know good service.
Car dealers look more favorably on a vehicle with detailed maintenance records.
Car dealers repair old vehicles that employed welfare customers can use for transportation.
Car dealers sell people useless features for their cars.
Car dealers try to get top dollar from every customer and buyers try to get the cheapest deal.
Car dealers wield a lot of clout in state capitols.
Car dealers work hard and deserve to make a profit.
Many car dealers eat their young.
Many car dealers use printed key tags.
Most car dealers offer financing for their vehicle sales.
Car dealerships play a crucial role in the sales of plug-in electric vehicles.
Most car dealerships stop making special offers once the owner has purchased their vehicle.
Car decks accommodate numerous vehicles, all of which are driven on and off the vessel.
Car decks accommodate numerous vehicles, all of which have to be driven on and off the vessel.
Car dependence is unsustainable.
Car dependency can come about in different ways.
Car design affects prices.
Many car designs mixed with many body colors lead to a plethora of different cars to collect.
Car donations reduce emissions, conserve fuel and improve the aesthetics of our world.
All car donations require evidence of ownership, which with most car donations is a car title.
A car door is a door
Car door handle.
Car doors are a greater threat.
Car doors are auto parts.
Car doors are doors.
Car doors are part of cars.
Car doors open on both sides.
Car doors open, and the occupants streak to their destinations with heads down.
Car doors opening frequently cause a problem for vehicles passing by.
Car doors opening into the street are one of the leading causes of bicycle accidents.
Car doors slam.
Some car doors are part of ambulances.
Some car doors are part of automobiles.
Some car doors are part of autos.
Some car doors are part of cars.
Some car doors are part of taxis.
Car driver is essential.
Car drivers backing out have very poor visibility of oncoming cyclists.
Car drivers can obtain a licence for up to three years, and renewal depends on medical assessment.
Car drivers expect that.
Car drivers have the advantage of excellent road access.
Car drivers impose huge costs on others in the form of pollution, congestion, and safety.
Car drivers plow over bikers at an alarming rate.
Many car drivers are thoughtless idiots.
Many car drivers say they feel the increasing number of big trucks threatens their safety.
Most car drivers like to have more than minimum car insurance.
Some car drivers resent having their tax money going to mass transit.
Car emissions are a major cause of smog and climate change.
Car emissions are a source of nitrogen oxides .
Car emissions are an ever-increasing contributor to the threat of global warming.
Car emissions are one of the main sources of air pollution.
Car emissions pollute the air, contribute to global warming, and threaten our health.
Car engine is quiet and transmission remarkably smooth.
Car engine noises, to be precise.
Car engines are a major source of carbon monoxide, especially when they first start up.
Car engines can only burn petrol once it has been vaporised.
Car engines have a lot of moving parts, and they rub on each other.
Car engines keep changing, and the oil companies have to develop new products to keep pace.
Car engines roar and fade on the street outside.
Most car engines use port injection or a carburetor rather than direct injection.
Car enthusiasts are hobbyists.
Car enthusiasts recommend using a carnauba wax.
Car enthusiasts visit to read reviews prior to making a purchase or write reviews of their own.
Any car enthusiast are welcome.
Most car enthusiasts buy paper magazines as well as browsing the web.
Car exhaust catalysts.
Car exhaust contributes to the thick layer of smog over many cities.
Car exhaust has a variety of chemicals in it.
Car exhaust is another.
Car exhaust is one of the main contributors to acid rain.
Car exhausts contain a range of toxic substances that can have a serious impact on health.
Car exhausts kill trees, and that much is certain.
Car exhausts produce another third.
Car ferries are ferries.
Car ferries depart several times daily from Kettering.
Car ferries leave here on a regular daily schedule, with ferries added during summer months.
Car ferries run three times a week.
Most Car Ferries take passengers too.
Car festival is celebrated after the marriage.
Car finance can be very confusing.
Car finance is the premier lender in the national new and used car marketplace.
Car fires are a common enough occurrence along America's freeways.
Car fires videotape.
Car Flags can be custom printed with any design.
Car games is the most popular category.
All car guys know how to change their own oil.
Car handling is more important than power.
Car hire can be one of the only ways to see some of the more remote or obscure places in Namibia.
Car hire is a very simple example.
Car hire is also available at the airport.
Car hire is also available, as are coach transfers.
Car hire is also available.
Car hire is an option but remember that the city is becoming very, very anti car.
Car hire is available and can be arranged from the airport.
Car hire is available and Glasgow is only a shuttle flight from London.
Car hire is available and the airport runs a shuttle service throughout several counties.
Car hire is available at both airports and locally.
Car hire is available at both airports.
Car hire is available at each.
Car hire is available at the airport, or from numerous businesses in town.
Car hire is available at the airport.
Car hire is available at the airports as well as in the city.
Car hire is available at the airports.
Car hire is available but is expensive.
Car hire is available but rather expensive.
Car hire is available from the airport.
Car hire is available from the major firms at both airports and in the city centres.
Car hire is available in Maseru, but hire rates are significantly cheaper in South Africa.
Car hire is available in most towns.
Car hire is available in Oman.
Car hire is available in the main towns, but it is costly.
Car hire is available locally and the entire island can be explored easily.
Car hire is available throughout the island.
Car hire is available, but traffic is heavy.
Car hire is available.
Car hire is cheap and easy.
Car hire is easily and widely available, as are taxis.
Car hire is expensive.
Car hire is generally expensive.
Car hire is limited to the main towns and many companies operate from major hotels.
Car hire is necessary.
Car hire is OK for trips outside of London, though there is very poor signposting in the suburbs.
Car hire is possible but only with an international driver's permit.
Car hire is possible but parking is difficult as is driving through the congested city streets.
Car hire is readily available there.
Car hire is readily available, at a price.
Car hire is readily available.
Car hire is reasonable and petrol is the cheapest in Europe.
Car hire is reccomended.
Car hire is reccommended.
Car hire is recommended.
Car hire is relatively expensive.
Car hire is straightforward.
Car hire is widely available.
A car horn is alarm
Car horns are horns.
Car horns are part of cars.
Car horns blare.
Car horns make sound.
Car horns sound.
Car horns start to blare, brakes squeal, the city begins to stir.
Most car horns make sound.
Car industry lies and the truth about tariffs.
Car inspection is a part of the daily routine of railroad operations.
Car insurance gets into the tricky area.
Car insurance is a necessary evil.
Car insurance is a requirement for state residents.
Car insurance is a requirement for State residents.
Car insurance is a requirement in Egypt, but many drivers drive without.
Car insurance is another major expense.
Car insurance is compulsory in France.
Car insurance is compulsory in Ireland.
Car insurance is compulsory.
Car insurance is expensive.
Car insurance is in many ways analogous to homeowner's insurance.
Car insurance is insurance
Car insurance is insurance.
Car insurance is mandatory.
Car insurance protects unlucky people that are the victims of accidents.
Car insurance provides protection and assistance, financially and legally.
Car Keys Get all of the details on thousands of new vehicles.
Car keys symbolize growing independence.
Car Lease Is Over.
Car light is auto parts.
Car light is lamps.
Car lights are an occasional hazard.
Car lights flash by, and the buildings are streaked with logos and reflections in windows.
Car lights have to be turned on allways when driving.
A car loan is a consumer loan
Car Loan Offers new and used car financing services for loans includes auto rate calculator.
Car loans are a good way to establish a credit record.
Car loans are among the easiest ways to reestablish new credit but they are a very expensive way.
Car loans are available for Massachusetts residents only.
Car loans are available with a cosigner.
Car loans are bad, home loans are okay, no loans are best.
Car loans are easy.
Car loans are still an important reason for membership.
Car loans defy the natural order.
Most car loans allow the creditor to repossess the car when only one payment is missed.
Most car loans are a form of consumer debt borrowing money to buy things that go down in value.
Car location is a categorical variable.
Car location is the only categorical variable.
Car location pinpoints the current position of a car at the time of the inquiry.
Car maintenance is also important for personal safety.
Car maintenance is maintenance.
Car maintenance is routine.
Car maintenance is something no one likes to do.
Car maintenance Keep the tires inflated properly.
A car maker is a manufacturer
Car makers are also at work on clean-burning fuel cells that power electric drive motors.
Car makers go with the air bags.
Car makers keep substituting more and more aluminum and plastic for steel.
Car makers see an opportunity to replace keys.
Car makers seek monthly service fees and continued contact with their customers.
Many car manufactures use metallic or irridescent colors that fade over time.
A car manufacturer is a manufacturer
Car manufacturers accredit companies and individuals they feel offer a high enough standard.
Car manufacturers are companies.
Car manufacturers are manufacturers.
Car manufacturers are manufacturing companies.
Car manufacturers offer rust-proofing as well.
Car manufacturers operate under the same rules.
Car manufacturers pay dealerships big bucks to keep the customer happy.
Car manufacturers recommend replacing fluid when servicing brakes.
Car manufacturers seem to have varied the lock up setting over the years.
Car manufacturers sell their products by appealing to certain segments of the market.
Car manufacturers use Formula One in a bid to boost the image of their cars in the marketplace.
Many car manufacturers like to recognize cars that have reached certain mileage milestones.
Many car manufacturers offer dealerships monetary incentives for selling their cars.
Many car manufacturers use laser welding performed by industrial robots to assemble vehicles.
Most car manufacturers are content to let their Web sites do their Internet marketing.
Some car manufacturer go for air bags, some for automatic seat belts.
Some car manufacturers offer built-in car seats as an option.
Car manufacturing has a long history in the region, of course.
Some car mirrors are part of ambulances.
Some car mirrors are part of automobiles.
Some car mirrors are part of autos.
Some car mirrors are part of cars.
Some car mirrors are part of taxis.
Car model is a limited edition, officially licensed product.
Car models are according to original place.
Car models are equally sweet.
Car motor is turned off both times, note how quiet the ambience is.
Car navigation means no more folded maps or stopping for direction at a gas station.
Car noises are great.
Car oils can be and are recycled in many countries around the world.
Car ownership does, in fact, appear to be slightly affected by debt levels.
Car ownership influences the choice of mode for travelling to work in favour of the car.
Car ownership is a con.
Car ownership is a long process.
Car ownership is expensive and takes up a large percentage of the owner's budget.
Car ownership is higher and journeys are longer in rural than urban areas.
Car ownership is no different.
Car ownership is one of highest in the world.
Car ownership is therefore unreliable as a measure of poverty in rural areas.
Car ownership remains low and travel by bus remains the preferred means.
Car ownership rises and as a result highways become further congested.
Car ownership yields a greater correlation with firearms homicide than does firearms ownership.
Car paint is pretty tough stuff.
Car paint is the cheapest and works best.
Car paints contain some of the most toxic compounds.
A car park is a lot
Car park has a communal pathway which is fenced in.
Car park has attendant.
Car park has slidy bar, banks, curb silands.
Car parks are a target for thieves and a source of fear for many people.
Car parks are available in the city centre, although can be full at times.
Car parks are available in the city centre.
Car parks are closed.
Car parks are located in cities.
Car parks are located in downtowns.
Car parks are located in metros.
Car parks are located in motels.
Car parks are located in parking garages.
Car parks are notoriously scarce.
Car parks are popular for practising and midnight gatherings.
Car parks are used for parking.
Car parks are wastelands.
Car parks are well lit and are regularly patrolled by car park security to ensure customer safety.
Car parks charging a fee are plentiful all over Paris and on the outskirts.
Car parks give easy access to lawns and shrubberies.
All car parks are open daily but locked each evening - please check the noticeboards for details.
All car parks provide free transfers to and from the airport.
Many car parks are accessible without permits on payment of a daily fee.
Some car parks are locked at night, please check when entering.
Some car parks are private car parks .
Some car parks are private car parks.
Car parking can be a problem so please read the next section.
Car parking can be secure underground or surface.
Car Parking Find local parking and facilities.
Car parking is a major problem in Central London.
Car parking is abailable on reservation.
Car parking is adequate and free.
Car parking is adjacent to each unit.
Car parking is adjacent to the hotel.
Car Parking is also available for use by the hotels visitors during their stay.
Car parking is also available in front of each dormitory.
Car parking is also free.
Car parking is also immediately a hand.
Car Parking is ample and off-road.
Car parking is ample and safe.
Car parking is ample.
Car parking is at the side or in the farmyard.
Car parking is available although there is a short walk to the beach.
Car parking is available at a charge.
Car parking is available at all sites.
Car parking is available at an extra charge.
Car parking is available at cost.
Car parking is available at the front of the building.
Car parking is available at the hotel.
Car parking is available at the library for users.
Car parking is available at the marina by prior arrangement.
Car parking is available at the rear of the hotel.
Car parking is available beside the club.
Car parking is available but at a charge.
Car parking is available close to the theatre.
Car parking is available for a small charge.
Car parking is available for each unit and the shuttle bus stops nearby.
Car parking is available for hotel guests.
Car parking is available free of charge.
Car parking is available in a number of public car parking locations close by.
Car parking is available in central courtyard.
Car parking is available in the surrounding areas.
Car parking is available in the town centre car parks.
Car parking is available in the vicinity of the club and in the hotel parking area.
Car Parking is available locally at a charge.
Car parking is available on campus for residents with a permit.
Car parking is available on campus, in any of the signed car parks.
Car parking is available on site for which a charge is made.
Car parking is available on site.
Car parking is available on the pier.
Car parking is available opposite the hotel, with special overnight rates for guests.
Car parking is available opposite the museum.
Car parking is available outside the entrance to the club.
Car parking is available throughout the area.
Car parking is available with prior arrangement only.
Car parking is available within the grounds.
Car parking is available.
Car Parking is available.
Car parking is both adequate and secure.
Car parking is charged and quite expensive.
Car parking is close at hand along with shops, showers and laundry facilities.
Car parking is close to every lodge.
Car parking is close to the convention venues.
Car parking is complimentary for registered guests.
Car parking is difficult in the area, but click for some parking suggestions .
Car parking is easily accessible.
Car parking is easy and available for staff.
Car parking is easy as there are many multi stories in the vicinity.
Car parking is even more restricted than it was.
Car parking is extremely difficult.
Car parking is free and there is also a free picnic area.
Car parking is free and there is no restriction on dress code in public areas.
Car parking is free at the marina or there is secure parking at a nominal fee.
Car parking is free inside the property.
Car parking is free of charge.
Car Parking is free onsite also.
Car parking is free.
Car Parking is free.
Car parking is guaranteed.
Car parking is in bays beside each chalet with room for two cars.
Car parking is in front of the cottage.
Car parking is just one such measure.
Car parking is just to the left of the docks.
Car parking is limited for first-year students.
Car parking is located on the map.
Car parking is next to the chalets.
Car parking is no problem - it's free to hotel guests.
Car parking is now available.
Car parking is off-road and allocated.
Car parking is on the right before the covered bridge.
Car parking is opposite the museum.
Car parking is plentiful and care-free and buses stop right on the doorstep.
Car parking is provided.
Car parking is readily available.
Car parking is right on our doorstep, so feel free to pop in and browse.
Car parking is secure and private - well away from the public road.
Car parking is to the rear.
Car parking is usually available at the rear of the offices.
Car parking is usually available in Ivry Street, outside the school.
Car parking is within the grounds.
Car Parking pass guarantees parking at all games.
A car part is an element
Car parts are also up for sale.
Car phones are available and receipts are given.
Car phones are by far the most common, because they are much cheaper.
Car phones are dangerous.
Car phones are great.
Car phones are now a common equipment feature for vehicles.
Car phones charge as they sit in leather seats, arms stretched out of windows like bull horns.
A car pool is a band
Car pool is extra.
Car pool permits.
Car pool rides whenever possible.
Car pools are available.
Car Pools are available.
Car pools are common since there is no local bus service.
Car pools are good for the environment.
Car pools are sets.
Car pools operate to bring members to the centre.
Many car pools begin informally between neighbors or co-workers.
Car prowls are a crime of opportunity Car prowls criminals are opportunists.
Car Race is, um, self-explanatory.
A car racing is a racing
Car racing are racing.
Car racing is also popular in France.
Car racing is an avocation.
Car racing is one of the newest and most frequently witnessed form of squirrel hazing.
Car racing is one of the newest and most frequently witnessed forms of squirrel hazing.
Car racing is wonderful, for example.
Car racing is, perhaps, the first cybernetic sport.
Car racing proves to be a natural, though very difficult subject for the IMAX format.
Car radio reaches four of five adults each week.
Car radios are products.
Car radios are radio receivers.
Many car radios have facilities to search for the strongest radio signals.
Most car radios use a 'whip' antenna.
Some car radios have a 'search' facility.
Car registration is handled by the districts .
Car registration is handled by the districts.
Car registration is required.
A car rental is a lease
Car rental are available but expensive.
Car rental are available, and there are taxi cab services.
Car rental can be economical if two or more are traveling together.
Car rental can be one of the only ways to see some of the more remote or obscure places in Namibia.
Car rental does tend to be expensive, as is petrol.
Car Rental Driving around Europe is said to be the best way to see it.
Car Rental Find a local car agency.
Car rental includes tax and unlimited kilometers.
Car rental includes unlimited mileage.
Car Rental Indicate the car rental cost on the day the vehicle was returned.
Car rental is a popular and economical way to travel in Australia.
Car rental is also available from a number of companies at the airport.
Car rental is also available from major agencies at the airport or in town.
Car rental is also available in Bozeman.
Car rental is also available on the ground transportation level of the airport.
Car rental is also available, and international agencies have offices in most major cities.
Car rental is also available.
Car rental is also popular.
Car rental is always costly.
Car rental is at the tourist information.
Car rental is available as well as tours inside and outside the island.
Car rental is available at both airports and our pre departure package includes detailed directions.
Car rental is available at both locations.
Car rental is available at both the airport and hotel.
Car rental is available at either airport.
Car rental is available at the airport or in town.
Car rental is available at the airport.
Car rental is available at the resort but is rather expensive.
Car rental is available but expensive.
Car rental is available by delivery, so call ahead.
Car rental is available directly at the airport.
Car rental is available from all terminals.
Car rental is available from Inverness airport or railway station.
Car rental is available from Inverness airport.
Car rental is available from the airport.
Car rental is available if required.
Car rental is available in all major cities.
Car rental is available in Lusaka.
Car rental is available in main towns and the main roads offer excellent driving.
Car rental is available on our property and our guests receive special weekly rates.
Car rental is available on the island.
Car rental is available through Enterprise with drop off and pick up service to the hotel.
Car rental is available, as are taxi, limousine and helicopter transfers.
Car rental is available.
Car rental is encouraged as there are many things to see and do on the Big Island.
Car rental is essential, but it is a very convenient airport to arrive at.
Car rental is expensive but available in Accra.
Car rental is from ca.
Car rental is highly desirable for getting around Las Vegas.
Car rental is near by.
Car rental is nearby.
Car rental is needed to get from the bus terminal to the park.
Car rental is neither necessary nor recommended.
Car rental is only available in conjunction with hotel packages.
Car rental is quite expensive so it is best kept for travel to remote or rural areas.
Car rental is readily available.
Car rental is recommended.
Car rental is relatively inexpensive and taxis are readily available.
Car rental is suggested to drive to the numerous excellent restaurants around.
Car rental is the best way to explore Spain.
Car rental is the most cost-effective mode of travel in Europe.
Car rental is usually much cheaper for cars hired from within the USA rather than within Canada.
Car rental is very rare.
Car Rental Look for special promotions in conjunction with an airline ticket.
Car rental pick up.
Car Rental Renting a car is simple in Bali but do consider the drawbacks.
Car Rental Send a request for car rental by filling out a form.
Car rentals abound too.
Car rentals are a viable option in South Florida.
Car rentals are also available at all area airports.
Car rentals are also available at the Charlotte airport.
Car rentals are also available at the Reno airport.
Car rentals are also available through prearranged reservations.
Car rentals are also available.
Car rentals are also cheaper there.
Car rentals are available and advisable.
Car rentals are available and the island bus service is very reliable.
Car rentals are available at airports or in major cities.
Car rentals are available at all airports.
Car rentals are available at all three airports.
Car rentals are available at both airports and in the city.
Car rentals are available at both airports.
Car rentals are available at both locations.
Car rentals are available at either location.
Car rentals are available at most airports and main cities.
Car rentals are available at the airport and at some of the hotels.
Car rentals are available at the airport, or take advantage of several shuttle service options.
Car rentals are available at the airport.
Car Rentals are available at the airport.
Car rentals are available at the airports in Nice and Marseilles.
Car rentals are available at the airports.
Car rentals are available at the Bar Harbor airport as well.
Car rentals are available at the Cheyenne airport.
Car rentals are available at the Traverse City airport.
Car rentals are available at U.S. prices.
Car rentals are available both at the airport and at the hotel.
Car rentals are available for daily, weekly, or monthly visits.
Car rentals are available from a number of reputable companies.
Car rentals are available from commercial agencies in the area, and at the airport.
Car rentals are available from every USA airport and most international cities.
Car rentals are available here.
Car Rentals are available in both Guadalajara and Mexico City.
Car rentals are available in Madison.
Car rentals are available in nearby Queen Charlotte.
Car rentals are available in Saint John.
Car rentals are available near some of the major hotels and airports.
Car rentals are available nearby in Reno.
Car rentals are available there.
Car rentals are available, and shuttle service can be obtained from the airport to West Branch.
Car rentals are available, as are boats, mopeds and non-motorized forms of transportation.
Car rentals are available, or transportation arrangements can be made with the hotels.
Car rentals are available.
Car rentals are availble at the airport.
Car Rentals are avialable at all major airports and cities.
Car rentals are avilable at the airport from all international companies.
Car rentals are charterings.
Car rentals are cheap compared to taxi or mini-bus fare.
Car rentals are cheapest if arranged from abroad.
Car rentals are leases.
Car rentals are limited.
Car rentals are now available, check out our prices.
Car Rentals are open throughout the Airline Service Day.
Car rentals are practical for trips to the wine country and remote points of interest.
Car rentals are somewhat expensive.
Car rentals are subject to many conditions which vary from one brand to another.
Car rentals are unnecessary.
Car rentals are usually quite inexpensive.
Car rentals are very expensive in Mexico.
Car rentals are widely available.
Car rentals can be expensive, and tend to be inconvenient due to problematic parking and traffic.
Car rentals can be luxury, convertible, minivan to sedan or compact.
Car Rentals compare the prices at all major car rental agencies in the Grand Canyon area.
Car Rentals compare the prices at all major car rental agencies in the Las Vegas area.
Car Rentals compare the prices at all major car rental agencies in the Miami area.
Car Rentals compare the prices at all major car rental agencies in the Nashville area.
Car Rentals compare the prices at all major car rental agencies in the Tucson area.
Car Rentals compare the prices at all major car rental agencies.
Car Rentals Complete the details below to book car hire or make an enquiry regarding car hire.
Car Rentals Drive a great bargain.
Car Rentals list.
Car rentals provide services to the park.
Car Rentals Renting a car is a convenient way to see the island.
Car rentals require a credit card but trucks can be rented with a cash deposit.
Car rentals require prior approval.
Car rentals take some forethought and judgment.
Some car rentals have a age limit.
Car repairs can be very expensive.
Car safety continues to be a prime concern.
Car safety features such as anti-lock brakes, air bags, alarm systems, or automatic seat belts.
Car safety is a critical concern for everyone.
Car safety is also important.
Car Safety Make sure everyone in the car wears a seat belt.
Car salesman comes to mind.
Car salesmans are salespersons.
Car salesmen are all scumbags.
Car salesmen are the scum of the earth.
Car salesmen earn bonuses for selling a certain number of cars each month.
Car salesmen have a reputation as being dishonest.
A car seat is a seat
Car seat covers that are comfortable and stylish too.
Car seat covers.
Car seat has removable base and canopy.
Car seats are a child s best protection against injury in a motor vehicle accident.
Car seats are a one time use product, if it was involved in a crash, the seat needs to be replaced.
Car seats are a single use item.
Car seats are also available at a reduced rate.
Car seats are auto parts.
Car seats are automotive products.
Car seats are available at many retail stores, toy stores and department stores.
Car seats are available for purchase in many department and toy stores.
Car seats are available from car rental agencies.
Car seats are available through both hospitals.
Car seats are by far the most popular for newborns.
Car seats are for babies.
Car seats are frequently incompatible with the seat belt systems in cars.
Car seats are located in cars.
Car seats are mandatory for children up to four years old.
Car seats are part of cars.
Car seats are seats.
Car seats are too expensive.
Car seats can help save lives, but buying the right seat can be complicated.
Car seats help children behave appropriately, making interactions with their parents more positive.
Car seats range in price, so shop around, but don t skimp.
Car seats work only when they are properly secured to the vehicle with the safety belt.
All car seats are different.
Most car seats do fit in most vehicles.
Most car seats have a reinforced plastic hump or bar in the back.
Most car seats have the same shape.
Most car seats meet standard safety requirements.
Some car seats are part of ambulances.
Some car seats are part of automobiles.
Some car seats are part of autos.
Some car seats are part of cars.
Some car seats are part of taxis.
Some car seats are too soft.
Some car seats come with a correct-position indicator.
Some car seats come with a tether strap.
Some car seats have shields which are safety features.
Car services are the mobile platform of the century.
Car setup is a bit limited, but sufficient for the majority of gamers.
Car setups are limitless.
Car sex is illegal unless in a very secluded location as one case pointed out.
Car sharing are shares.
Car sharing can only work in communities whose residents can get to work without a car.
Car sharing is a concept that has been prevalent in Europe for years.
Car sharing is available.
Car Sharing is essentially time-sharing a car as well as a car use reduction strategy.
Car sharing is joint access and ownership of a car.
Car sharing offers a convenient and economical alternative to owning a personal vehicle.
Car sharing offers new option A new transportation option presented at the fair was car sharing.
Car sharing provides an economic incentive to alter patterns of car use.
Car sharing saves money over owning a vehicle.
Car show is all day at the Ashton City Park.
Car Shows are a great way to raise some money to fund things and have fun in the process.
CAR SICK Get wacky.
Car sickness can make family vacations miserable for both the sufferer and the rest of the family.
Car sickness is ailment
Car sickness is fairly common in dogs.
Car sickness is nausea
Car stereos work fairly well, but home systems usually require some sort of antenna.
Car Tag Pull behind a pickup or an excellent addition to a roll-back.
Car talk can be especially good for private conversations with a family member.
Car Talk Get the latest news and info, plus databases of new and used cars for sale.
Car Talk is another very funny show.
Car talk is no doubt a favorite.
Car Talk is on.
Car Talk revisits some of the more interesting callers from past shows.
Car Talk Saves Three . . .
Car Talk Saves Three .
Car Talk Takes a Stand . .
Car theft constitutes a significant economic loss to society.
Car theft has a couple of good stories connected with it.
Car theft is a big European and international business.
Car theft is a multi-million dollar business.
Car theft is lower than in Western Europe but steadily increasing.
Car theft is often a stepping stone to other crime.
Car theft is rampant, and even the murder rate is rising.
Car theft is the most commonly reported crime.
Car theft remains a problem, as it is elsewhere in the city, police say.
Car thefts are also down significantly.
Car thefts are common and can occur in daylight.
Car thefts are unusual enough to make the front page.
Car thieves hurt people and drive up all our auto insurance premiums.
Car thieves know all the places to look.
Car thieves target vehicles that present the least amount of hassle.
Car thieves wait and watch for people to walk away and then strike.
Many car thieves are opportunist, unskilled, petty criminals.
Most car thieves carry screwdrivers.
A car tire is a tire
Car tires are auto parts.
Car tires are automotive products.
Car tires are tires.
Car tires fill with air.
Car tires pose a hazard when they end up in the landfill because they trap gases.
Car tires present a complex disposal problem.
Most car tires fill with air.
Most car tires have two body plies.
Some car tires conduct electricity.
Car tracks go out into the mud flats.
Car trips are great for listening to music and learning new songs.
Car trips furnish a fine opportunity to catch up on chores.
Car Trips Use soft-sided luggage.
Most car trips are less than seven miles.
Car trouble is also common.
Car trouble is double in winter During Minnesota winters, cars break down all the time.
Car trouble is quick to kill the mood and a guaranteed way to get stranded somewhere along the way.
Car trouble requires documentation from a mechanic.
Car troubles can happen at any time.
Car trunks are even worse.
Car trunks can be especially hazardous.
Car trunks can get hot very fast and heat is another enemy of nylon.
Car Trunks Learn how to avoid a potentially deadly hazard.
Car trunks present a special risk for children.
Most car trunks are too cold to safely transport plants during the winter months.
Car tuning is easy to master and the interface is flawless.
Car types vary from country to country and are subject to availability.
Car wash is local organizations.
Car wash is located in gas stations.
Car wash is shops.
Car washes are a positive event which builds community involvement by people of all ages.
Car washes are an old standard, but it sure takes a lot to get anywhere.
Car washes are successful.
Car washes do a booming business.
Car Washes Have a free car wash.
Many car washes have equipment specifically for cleaning engines.
Car washing can use a lot of water.
Car washing is permitted as long as the hose has an automatic cutoff device.
Car washing is permitted as long as the hose has an automatic device.
Car washing is permitted with a nozzle to control water flow.
Car washing uses very little water compared to lawn watering.
Car washings is car washings.
Car washings is washings.
A car window is a window
Car windows break easily.
Car wrecks are accidents.
Car Yards Avg.
A car is a container
A car is a vehicle
Car accounts for around two thirds of the average distance travelled by London residents.
Car accounts for around two-thirds of the average distance travelled by London residents.
Car acts like a missile.
Car adheres to any surface.
Car also handles well, and was a great race car back then.
CAR appropriately allocates bandwidth among multiple traffic flows.
Car burning in particular seems to have become a popular form of expression.
Car Buying Tips Get the inside scoop on car buying, financing and insurance.
Car can be available otherwise, taxi.
Car can differ within the same category.
Car can hold up to five people.
Car can run only the remainder of the race minus body panels.
Car Care Anything that moves is subjected to wear and tear.
Car ceste cognoissance d'experience et de prattique esmeut d'avantage.
Car check on request.
Car Click on thumbnails for a larger image.
Car Clicks a guide to buying a new or used car, from preparation to delivery.
Car comes with all parts needed for asphalt and dirt set-ups.
Car Commuting Commuting is another common form of driving.
CAR consider producing several sizes of both blue and green skirts.
Car continues to match race across the region.
Car costs It is astonishingly economical to drive a shared car.
Car covers full or half, windscreen covers, cold start spray, ignition sealer, sump heaters.
Car crosses Columbia River from Vancouver on ice.
Car deals A list of rebates, low-cost loans and other incentives.
CAR decreases significantly with the adoption of antitakeover amendments.
Car describes features for selecting a car to buy.
Car detailing keeps the paint in perfect condition.
Car dies again.
Car dies, eye takes a blow.
Car dives at front under heavy braking.
Car do far dorg et.
Car drives very well, and needs virtually nothing to be ready for the next rally.
Car dumps themselves cause local pollution with high concentrations of lead, cadium and zinc.
Car even has original shocks.
Car explain beyond any uncle whether looking snowboarding boots.
Car explodes beside a bus.
Car features original knock-off wheels and all correct shielding.
Car fills up with gas fumes after filling the car.
CAR focuses on working with apparel manufacturers to improve their commercial viability.
Car gets a flat .
Car gets back on track, but time extremely short.
Car go beep beep.
Car go no matter what.
Car goes on the blink, kid gets sick, etc.
Car goes straight.
Car grips much better than it feels like it can.
Car Handle very well.
Car has a clean carfax report.
Car has a good body with full skirting.
Car has a soft top and a detatchable steel one as well.
Car has all NEW tires.
Car has cow flaps, roof flaps and all of the best equipment.
Car has derailment damage.
Car has electrical problems.
Car has everything for setup to run dirt or asphalt.
Car has new tonneau cover.
Car has one season on it, lots of spares.
Car has quick change rear end and both steel and alloy wheels.
Car has superb handling and is fast and competitive.
Car has title and still can be driven on the street.
Car has unique features including a hand carved steering wheel.
Car has very few runs since completion.
Car Hdg outside.
Car hides behind dirt mound.
Car hire A wide variety of car rental companies, both world-wide and local, is available.
Car hire All the major car hire companies have offices in Paris.
Car hire All the major car hire firms have stands at the airport.
Car hire and taxi booking service operating in London serving passengers from all major airports.
Car hire and taxi service is available at the airport.
Car Hire at all airports available.
Car hire at bargain prices.
Car hire available .
Car hire available at Airport.
Car hire available.
Car hire Cheap car rental and campervans virtually anywhere in the world.
Car hire companies in Fort de France close at weekends.
Car hire company.
Car hire essential for access and excursions.
Car hire essential.
Car hire for movement around the island is recommended.
Car hire for tourism, theme parks, beaches, rainforest, and other attractions.
Car Hire in Australia.
Car hire in Geneva, car hire in Vienna, car hire in Prague, car hire in Helsinki, Tallin.
Car hire in Guernsey.
Car hire in London, car hire in Dublin, car hire in Edinburgh.
Car hire in Madrid, car hire in Barcelona, car hire in Lisbon.
Car hire in Rome, car hire in Florence, car hire in Venice.
Car hire in South Africa at the best rates.
Car hire Most international car hire companies have offices at airports or hotels.
Car hire Please select an area from the list below.
Car hire recomended.
Car hire reservation.
Car hire strongly recommended for access and excursions.
Car hire strongly recommended for beach access and excursions.
Car hire The keenest prices with large and small operators depending on country and type car.
Car hire widely available.
Car hire with and without driver.
Car hire, however, is very expensive.
Car hire, kayaks, snorkelling and diving adventures are all available on the premises.
Car hire, transport and tours.
Car impacts the building.
Car includes the improved wheetsets and complete interior.
Car includes unlimited mileage.
Car is a necessary transportation for people who live in the California.
Car is a pleasure to drive.
Car is a rust free Texas daily driver.
Car is a specialist in microscopic simulation of materials and electronic structure theory.
Car is accident free and very clean.
Car is all metal except hood.
Car is all original and has never been wrecked.
Car is all original.
Car is also easy to arrange, also in a reasonable price.
Car is an all original even the paint.
Car is authentic and numbers match to prove.
Car is available for seeing.
Car is available for the nanny s use, in most positions.
Car is back.
Car is beautiful, drive anywhere.
Car is blue in color, has all electric options including digital dash.
Car is blue with brass trim.
Car is brand new on the showroom floor.
Car is broken down.
Car is butternut yellow with black vinyl top and black bench seat interior.
Car is clean and runs great.
Car is clean with no rust.
Car is compact stick shift.
Car is competitive and well maintained.
Car is complete and intact.
Car is complete and race ready.
Car is complete and ready to race.
Car is complete but apart.
Car is complete except has no driveshaft.
Car is complete minus coach seats.
Car is complete minus motor and tranny.
Car is complete with all electronics and ready to run.
Car is complete, just needs someone to drive it.
Car is complete.
Car is correct with matching numbers.
Car is currently a roller with gearbox but no engine.
Car is currently in Dallas.
Car is delivered with a full tank of gas and needs to be returned with a full tank.
Car is detachable from the display stand.
Car is eligible for vintage road racing and has full roll cage hardware.
Car is equipped with interior rub rails.
Car is essential.
Car is even more dangerous than buying a new one.
Car is fast and competitive.
Car is fast and reliable, and old enough to go any where.
Car is filled with people with horns and rattles, a big megaphone, evern a big base drum.
Car is for sale.
Car is from Georgia, new gas tank.
Car is garaged every night.
Car is great in bad weather.
Car is half post office, half baggage compartment.
Car is hard to keep running.
Car is immaculate and ready for track or show.
Car is in all original and fully serviced condition.
Car is in Amsterdam.
Car is in Baltimore.
Car is in brand new condition.
Car Is In California.
Car is in excelent shape and is great first car for teenager.
Car is in excellent condition and box is in very good condition.
Car is in excellent condition.
Car is in exceptional original condition and has been in heated garage since new.
Car is in Florida.
Car is in Georgia.
Car is in good condition.
Car is in great shape.
Car is in like new condition.
Car is in original condition.
Car is in Pittsburgh.
Car is in Springfield Ohio.
Car is in Texas.
Car is in very good condition both body wise and mechanically.
Car is in very good condition, runs strong.
Car is in very good condition.
Car is in very good to excellent condition.
Car is in western michigan.
Car is is Southern California.
Car is less motor, tranny, fuel cell, seat, belts.
Car is licensed and insured.
Car is loaded but beat.
Car is located in Austin.
Car is located in Belgium.
Car is located in Melbourne.
Car is located in Michigan.
Car is located in Monroe, Louisiana.
Car is located in New Brunswick, New Jersey.
Car is located in Niagara Falls, Ontario, Canada.
Car is located in NW Ohio.
Car is located in Plano, Texas.
Car is located in Richmond, Virginia.
Car is located in So.
Car is located in suburb of Chicago.
Car is located in Washington State.
Car is locked and packed.
Car is mint in a mint box.
Car is minus some hardware, electrical locker and some other fittings.
Car is mostly complete minus coach seats.
Car is mostly complete.
Car is necessary as frequent travel is required in York Region.
Car is necessary, but environment is worth driving to.
Car is necessary.
Car is needed on the island.
CAR is on a roll.
Car is over heated.
Car is painted med gray.
Car is painted with maroon lacquer and grey lacquer on top and side inserts.
Car is pale yellow with black top and stripe.
Car is perfect.
Car is provided.
Car is purchased separately.
Car is race ready as is minus the seat and belts.
Car is race ready with new heads.
Car is race ready, just needs motor.
Car is race ready, minus the carburator.
Car is ready to go.
Car is really fast.
Car is really reliable and street legal.
Car is recognized as highest tech in jet fc history.
Car is recommended due to lack of access to Baltimore by public transportation.
Car is red with black roof.
Car is red with yellow top.
Car is required for local travel.
Car is required.
Car is show and go, no disappointments.
Car is show or go in excellent condition.
Car is spotless.
Car is stolen, resulting in police chase.
Car is super clean and hoses are like new.
Car is the first thing they know when they leave behind the life of crates, and slavery, and pain.
Car is tight and great to drive.
Car is tomblike on highway, with just a hint of wind roar around the A-pillars and mirrors.
Car is too old.
Car is totaled.
Car is true orange with black stripe.
Car is truly beautiful.
Car is under construction with a goal of future competition in Super Stock racing.
Car is under primer.
Car is used in dumping stone and rip rap along line.
Car is useful.
Car is very nice.
Car is very powerful and runs very well.
Car is very streetable and goes straight, no disappointments.
Car is very tight and very clean.
Car is white with gray interior and black carpet.
Car is white with new white tuck and roll interior.
Car isa container.
Car Judging Begins.
Car keeps stallin' at the gate.
Car kills in the fall and in winter conditions account for many opossum deaths.
Car lights a long way away appear faint.
Car Link Israeli automotive portal - in Hebrew.
Car looks brand new.
Car looks exceptional, runs and drives above average.
Car looks like a piece of crap.
Car looks like factory new.
Car loses control and crashes.
Car make and class are also very important in determining risk to other drivers.
Car make for next year.
Car makes that cost a lot to repair or that are popular with thieves can cost more to insure.
CAR manufactures one style shirt for each location.
Car needs floor pans.
Car needs good acid bath.
Car needs interior.
Car needs paint, minor body touchup, and detailing.
Car needs to be completely restored.
Car Never buy a new car.
Car never disappoints.
Car now runs better than new.
Car pick up location at Nairobi and Mombasa.
Car pooling among members is common.
Car pooling offers advantages to the commuter that go beyond fuel economy.
Car pooling or using a bicycle for transportation helps reduce pollutants on our streets.
Car pooling permit Be cool, car pool.
Car pooling saves money and fossil fuels.
Car pooling to the trail head is encouraged.
CAR provides a scalable, tunable module that integrates with the image processing solution.
CAR provides a systematic means to extract the information contained in agent-based models.
Car pull in, wash the windows, check the oil etc.etc.
Car pulls strongly into upper reaches of the rev band, without any sign of exhaustion.
Car pulls to one side or the other - Proper procedure is to first check the tire inflation.
Car pulls to one side when driving.
Car pulls to one side while braking.
Car pulls to one side.
Car really has a deep growl now.
Car remains in Finland.
Car remains in Sweden.
Car remember thru one evening otherwise collect dolphins posters.
CAR reports on the men and cars making the headlines once again.
CAR returns the first element of a list.
CAR returns the first member of the list.
Car rub below either telephone although respect archery.
Car Running a car in Britain can be an expensive business.
Car runs again.
Car runs good now.
Car runs good.
Car runs great after being pulled and started.
Car runs great and is very reliable.
Car runs great holding several track records in the northwest.
Car runs great once it's started.
Car runs great.
Car runs like a dream.
Car runs ok.
Car runs perfectly and the blue wires definitely liven up the engine bay.
Car runs perfectly, very reliable.
Car runs smooth and very quiet.
Car runs strong, but needs paint and interior.
Car runs very well and is in excellent condition inside and out.
Car runs well and is driven daily.
Car runs well, needs some body work on passenger floor.
Car Save on car magazines.
Car seats A parent's lap is the most dangerous place for a child to ride.
Car seems solid as a brick.
Car Show on-line registration.
Car show The Crossroads Shopping Village Open to all.
Car Show to benefit the local needy.
Car shows excellent maintenance.
Car smiles into the night.
Car speaks for itself.
Car stand onto none georgia tech clothes.
CAR stands for a conservation, agriculture and residential classification.
Car still vibrates after getting the new tires and a full balance on all four wheels.
Car strikes tomato.
Car swap possible.
Car switching units use standard wire colours and have lucar spade terminals.
Car Talk The Web site of the popular radio show.
Car Talk to the Rescue . . .
Car torching in Germany is now way too common for comfort.
Car upgrade with additional charges available.
Car Use only the apostrophe when forming the possessive of a plural noun which ends in s.
Car Wash due to noise, trash and debris, drainage issues and lighting.
Car wash fundraiser events make good news the day of the car wash.
Car wash Generally every summer the troop holds a car wash at a local gas station.
Car wash in the spring.
Car Washes Coaching a surf team in college is pretty simple.
Car work to get done.
Car works great.
CAR works with developmentally disabled individuals.
Cars actually stop twice here, as at the other stations.
Cars add to noise, stress, congestion, and are responsible for urban sprawl.
Cars aim for red lights and the road ahead.
Cars alienate the spirit and feeling of community.
Cars allow people to go wherever they want whenever they want.
Cars also are a source of water pollution.
Cars also are available for hire.
Cars also are road-tested to make sure there are no problems.
Cars also are very personal purchases.
Cars also can be an issue.
Cars also come from as far south as Mexico City and Guadalajara.
Cars also contribute to ground level ozone known as smog.
Cars also contribute to pollution of air and water.
Cars also facilitate sprawling suburban developments that engulf farm land, wilderness and wetlands.
Cars also get in traffic jams.
Cars also go by train.
Cars also go through an awful lot of abuse during the winter months.
Cars also have fuses.
Cars also kill around ten people each and every day in the UK through accidents.
Cars also make a lot of pollution.
CARS also performs needs assessments, followed by team-building where appropriate.
Cars also pose a burn hazard.
Cars also produce a significant amount of carbon dioxide, which contributes to global warming.
Cars also provide some degree of anonymity.
Cars also symbolize raw power.
Cars also use the apron to accelerate up to speed when re-entering the track from the pit area.
Cars appear spotless at the start of each stage in other rally games, which is unrealistic.
Cars are a bad idea.
Cars are a big fucking money-making racket, and everyone is involved.
Cars are a big interest.
Cars are a big part of our disposable income.
Cars are a big problem because they go through mud and splatter it into the wind.
Cars are a bit like cartoon representations as are pedestrians, but they serve their purpose well.
Cars are a bonus.
Cars are a drug.
Cars are a favourite target.
Cars are a good example of a product sold through secondary marketing.
Cars are a good example.
Cars are a great example.
Cars are a great item to shape.
Cars are a huge source of chemicals like carbon monoxide.
Cars are a hugely liberating force in all kinds of ways.
Cars are a leading cause of air pollution and global warming.
Cars are a lot like dogs.
Cars are a luxury for the young, and motorbikes are too cold and ill-suited for loving.
Cars are a luxury item and cost more than anywhere else.
Cars are a luxury of the rich.
Cars are a major cause of consolidated cities.
Cars are a major issue for future prospects of sustainability.
Cars are a menace and handy too.
Cars are a necessary evil.
Cars are a part of our culture as in no other region on earth.
Cars are a particular hazard.
Cars are a perfect example.
Cars are a plus.
Cars are a possibility on most islands but petrol can only be obtained in major towns.
Cars are a rotten investment.
Cars are a safe place to be since rubber tires insulate.
Cars are a significant cause of monarch mortality during migration.
Cars are a significant contributor to climate change.
Cars are a significant source of air pollution.
Cars are a symbol of our physical being.
Cars are a typical example.
Cars are about to become phones.
Cars are acceptable, most say.
Cars are albums.
Cars are all but forbidden, and nowhere is more than a short stroll from the beach.
Cars are almost non-existent.
Cars are also available for hire for Legends Cars race meetings.
Cars are also available through instalment system plans.
Cars are also surprisingly receptive to magical alteration.
Cars are always very expensive here.
Cars are among the greatest causes of premature deaths of lizards in Arizona.
Cars are an essential part of our lives.
Cars are an important part of our daily lives.
Cars are an important source of VOCs.
Cars are an inanimate substitute for the real hot-blooded thing.
Cars are another big offender.
Cars are another fine example.
Cars are another major and growing source.
Cars are another major outdoor risk to cats.
Cars are another passion.
Cars are another reason.
Cars are another story.
Cars are another.
Cars are anything but ideal, however.
Cars are artifacts.
Cars are at the local airports and at some hotel locations.
Cars are automobiles.
Cars are available for hire from both large international and local companies.
Cars are available for local transportation or one way use.
Cars are available for rent through most hotels.
Cars are available for rental at all three airports.
Cars are available for rental from major international agencies as well as local operators.
Cars are available for viewing until half an hour before each auction.
Cars are available from every U.S. airport.
Cars are available from rental companies at the airport, or in main towns.
Cars are available to suit all budgets, and include contract hire and lease purchase vehicles.
Cars are bad for the environment.
Cars are bad here, coming and going from the recreation areas, sometimes drunk.
Cars are bad.
Cars are bands.
Cars are banned from the big pedestrian zone which has plenty of shops .
Cars are banned from the big pedestrian zone which has plenty of shops.
Cars are better than ever.
Cars are better-made now than they used to be.
Cars are big contributors to air pollution problems.
Cars are big dangerous things that take attention and skill to operate.
Cars are big purchases.
Cars are bigger and usually air-conditioned.
Cars are bigger.
Cars are buys.
Cars are by far the easiest method of traveling to Galveston.
Cars are capable of crashs.
Cars are capable of drivens.
Cars are capable of races.
Cars are capable of roll overs.
Cars are capable of stalls.
Cars are cheap, houses are cheap, and the basic commodities are pretty inexpensive.
Cars are common, driving down the middle of the road taking right of way over pedestrians.
Cars are compartments.
Cars are complete and ready to race.
Cars are completely irrelevant to the issue at hand.
Cars are complex devices used in a complex environment.
Cars are complicated machines.
Cars are contracted months in advance and are in short supply nationwide.
Cars are cool, especially when they make a lot of noise.
Cars are cool.
Cars are customizable at any time, from steering to brakes to tires and more.
Cars are dangerous .
Cars are dangerous.
Cars are dead.
Cars are detailed, glossy, and revving to go, but watch out for traffic.
Cars are different than living rooms in two ways where stereo is concerned.
Cars are different things to just about everybody.
Cars are different too.
Cars are different, especially black ones.
Cars are divided into six classes based on interior volume.
Cars are duty-free for immigrants and visitors.
Cars are easier to find than lost people.
Cars are easy to come by.
Cars are either convertible or hard-top, and each has a fairly detailed driver.
Cars are emotional.
Cars are equally horrible.
Cars are especially good.
Cars are everything.
Cars are everywhere and spaces are hard to come by.
Cars are evil, evil things.
Cars are Expensive .
Cars are expensive in Norway.
Cars are expensive to buy, repair, and maintain.
Cars are expensive to own and operate in Japan.
Cars are expensive to own and operate.
Cars are expensive, both monetarily and in other ways, for our whole society.
Cars are expensive.
Cars are extremely useful for trips outside the city, but can be a liability around town.
Cars are fast and assume cyclists know what they're doing.
Cars are fast, comfortable, nice looking, and fun to drive.
Cars are faster, safer, can do more and more efficient.
Cars are for stealing and pedestrians become targets in what turns out to be a complex but fun game.
Cars are free to cough up gobs of lead.
Cars are from all over the world with a preponderance of American cars.
Cars are front engined, rear drive.
Cars are glamorous, sexy and fast.
Cars are glamourous, sexy and fast.
Cars are great.
Cars are green.
Cars are handicapped based on age, so everyone has a chance.
Cars ARE hard to redeem, though.
Cars are heavies.
Cars are heavy polluters of the environment.
Cars are heavy, all equipped with automatic gear, and they accelerate slowly.
Cars are highly convenient, with a relatively low marginal cost of use.
Cars are ideal in single car accidents or accidents with other cars of comparable size.
Cars are important tribal totems, and define truth, beauty and the American way of life.
Cars are important.
Cars are in order in which they appear at the car select screen.
Cars are in order that they appear in the game's list.
Cars are individuals.
Cars are infrequent, but trees, lakes, ponds and wildlife are constant companions.
Cars are inherently environmentally unfriendly.
Cars are international in their origins.
Cars are items.
Cars are just exactly like people in cold weather.
Cars are just hot, and hot people like hot cars.
Cars are late comers.
Cars are lethal weapons.
Cars are light and touchy, or slow and cumbersome.
Cars are like big toys to big boys.
Cars are like people, except that they have wheels, engines and anti-lock brakes.
Cars are like that.
Cars are lined up now trying to get off or on the freeway.
Cars are located in bridges.
Cars are located in car parks.
Cars are located in cities.
Cars are located in driveways.
Cars are located in freeways.
Cars are located in highways.
Cars are located in lands.
Cars are located in motels.
Cars are located in parades.
Cars are located in parking garages.
Cars are located in parking lots.
Cars are located in race tracks.
Cars are located in repair shops.
Cars are located in roads.
Cars are located in shows.
Cars are located in street corners.
Cars are longer than they are wide.
Cars are machines that changed our ability to go places.
Cars are machines.
Cars are made of aluminium.
Cars are made of metal.
Cars are made of parts.
Cars are major contributors to global warming, urban sprawl, water pollution, and oil spills.
Cars are major investments.
Cars are meanses of transportation.
Cars are midsize, right hand drive, rear wheel drive.
Cars are money traps, particularly new ones.
Cars are more affordable and coming with more creature comforts that surprise and delight.
Cars are more and more expensive and hard for the poor to afford.
Cars are more convenient because they can be driven from door to door, anytime the driver likes.
Cars are more energy efficient than mass transit.
Cars are more expensive today, everything is more expensive.
Cars are more generalized, and ATVs are the most flexible.
Cars are more important than people.
Cars are more like homes and offices, with improved navigation devices.
Cars are more or less excluded.
Cars are more than transportation appliances.
Cars are most vulnerable in side impact collisions.
Cars are mostly black and utilitarian.
Cars are mostly out of sight underground, or in lots at the edge of the town.
Cars are motor vehicles.
Cars are much more complex, so repair costs are higher.
Cars are much more complicated.
Cars are necessary.
Cars are necessities, and today, so are computers.
Cars are no longer an institution, something that the family conserved.
Cars are noisy listening areas, so the emphasis is on content over sound quality.
Cars are noisy, ugly, dangerous and dominate the experience of modern living.
Cars are normal.
Cars are nothing but big heavy bullets.
Cars are now able to zoom by without knowing that's a place to eat just west of the freeway.
Cars are now elevated above people and isolation is elevated above community.
Cars are now nearly as sensitive to weight distribution as airplanes are.
Cars are objects of power, statements about self and more.
Cars are odd, unfamiliar shapes, five on one small page, with their passengers more the focal point.
Cars are off limits during the school day.
Cars are often potent weapons.
Cars are often responsible for greatly inflated footprints.
Cars are on request only.
Cars are on wheels and easily mobile.
Cars are one example.
Cars are one of Japan's best-known products.
Cars are one of our strongest loves.
Cars are one of the most well known German products throughout the world.
Cars are optional.
Cars are our largest source of air pollution.
Cars are our way of life in California.
Cars are out there as well.
Cars are parked on the edge, there is common green space.
Cars are part of airships.
Cars are part of elevators.
Cars are part of mass transit, too.
Cars are part of the family.
Cars are part of the teenage culture.
Cars are part of trains.
Cars are permissible although parking space is limited.
Cars are prepared by mechanics.
Cars are pretty horrible contraptions.
Cars are pretty much single file in first few laps.
Cars are probably the best example.
Cars are problematic because within our culture they imply a watcher, an enforced society.
Cars are pushed to the limit, parts break, tires go flat, and accidents take place.
Cars are quieter.
Cars are red.
Cars are relatively inexpensive and readily available right at the airport.
Cars are reliable .
Cars are reliable.
Cars are right hand drive and keep to the left on the road.
Cars Are Safer.
Cars are sculpture.
Cars are slowed, children play in parking courts, overlooked by houses placed in the courtyards.
Cars are small and drive to the left of center.
Cars are smaller than a baby's finger-nail.
Cars are smaller.
Cars are so expensive and in larger towns and cities, mostly useless.
Cars are solely responsible for ozone pollution b.
Cars are solely responsible for ozone pollution.
Cars are soundtracks.
Cars are strange places.
Cars are stressful.
Cars are subject to a different weight standard than trucks and vans.
Cars are subject to availability.
Cars are such an advantage that almost everybody has at least one.
Cars are symptomatic of the whole Danish approach to society and material well-being.
Cars are that much better.
Cars are the biggest contributor to air pollution and one of the biggest to water pollution.
Cars are the biggest hazard in cities.
Cars are the biggest source of greenhouse gasses and the largest single cause of ozone smog.
Cars are the earliest indication of how busy it is.
Cars are the exception.
Cars are the fifth most visible category in Internet advertising.
Cars are the great equalizers.
Cars are the largest cause of our air pollution in most urban areas of Georgia.
Cars are the largest single source for nitrogen oxides.
Cars are the leading cause of adult nene deaths in the park.
Cars are the leading cause of crippling handicaps.
Cars are the leading cause of death for our youth.
Cars are the main cause of bicycle accidents.
Cars are the main source of degraded quality of life in the city.
Cars are the major source of air pollution.
Cars are the major threats to badgers.
Cars are the most common type of transport used.
Cars are the number one danger.
Cars are the only simple option.
Cars are the signs of our times.
Cars are the single largest cause of air pollution in the world today.
Cars are the single largest producers of carbon monoxide, nitrogen oxides and hydrocarbons.
Cars are the wave of the future.
Cars are the world s single largest source of global air pollution.
Cars are the worst form of travel from a time management point of view.
Cars are the worst money sponge around.
Cars are their greatest threat.
Cars are then to be moved to one of the parking lots on campus.
Cars are to be driven on paved and maintained roads only.
Cars are to be in the correct line-up and ready to start the race before entering the track.
Cars are to be left alone during the school day unless staff approval has been received.
Cars are to be parked in designated airport lots or inside the hangar.
Cars are to be parked in the student parking lot.
Cars are to be parked off the road, facing out, on the outside of the circle in front of Gay Lodge.
Cars are to drive through clearly marked lanes.
Cars are to move with flowing traffic around the corner heading south next to the buildings.
Cars are to stay to the left when entering the school drive leaving the right lane for buses.
Cars are tools.
Cars are transportation and status symbols.
Cars are ubiquitous, coal plants fuel hundreds of cities.
Cars are ugly.
Cars are uncommon here but motorcycles and motorized carts are abundant.
Cars are under construction now.
Cars are unique to each fighter.
Cars are unloaded, watched over and worked on prior to each heat, and race.
Cars are unwelcome in the heart of camp and are parked out of view.
Cars are used for drives.
Cars are used for fun.
Cars are used for mobility.
Cars are used for people.
Cars are used for racing.
Cars are used for transport.
Cars are valet parked.
Cars are vehicles and trucks are vehicles.
Cars are vehicles.
Cars are very complex today and so is the Internet.
Cars are very deadly, and cause tremendous public expense.
Cars are VERY expensive in Norway.
Cars are very expensive in Thailand.
Cars are very expensive to maintain and park.
Cars are very expensive, but taxis are very cheap compared to Europe.
Cars are very expensive.
Cars are very functional now and they all look alike.
Cars are very harsh on the environment and are a major contributor to global warming.
Cars are very helpful.
Cars are very useful and valuable.
Cars are video games.
Cars are virtually nonexistent.
Cars are wasteful in terms of how they use space compared with bikes or public transport.
Cars are way faster, like riding in a roller coaster.
Cars are weird.
Cars are what the adult world give to adolescents to spend time in away from home.
Cars are Wrong.
Cars are, at their most basic, utilitarian machines of transportation.
Cars arrive at destinations.
Cars arrive at the wrong times or the wrong equipment arrives.
Cars arrive from all over the world hoping for a shot at taking home a trophy.
Cars arrive in each of the queues on the average once every five seconds.
Cars arrive to park on a block of length x, sequentially.
Cars arrive, the door bell rings, and someone is met with cajoling welcome.
Cars arriving when the station is full are unable to enter and leave in search of another station.
Cars awaited hire and vendors hawked all manner of odd items.
Cars become all-purpose lockers.
Cars become available for renting the day after they are returned.
Cars become bigger, skyscrapers have fewer floors, basketball goals are twenty feet tall.
Cars become excessively expensive after about the sixth year.
Cars become ovens in a flash and animals die every day from excessive heat.
Cars become weapons.
Cars belong in museums.
Cars blocking traffic and driveways bring unwanted attention to house parties.
Cars blow up quite easily.
Cars bounce and wobble and look to rattle at the seams.
Cars brake suddenly, and pedestrians run to avoid collisions.
Cars break down, ankles get sprained, and jobs are lost.
Cars break down, household appliances wear out, roofs spring leaks.
Cars break down.
Cars burn gas to release the energy stored in the fuel.
Cars burn up gasoline, make pollution, take lots of resources to build, and so forth.
Cars can actually drive on parts of the trail that go around Aquatic Park.
Cars can and do go down on to the beach.
Cars can and do overheat in the winter.
Cars can arrive easily at the summit and enjoy a beautiful panoramic view of the city below.
Cars can back out and enter the alley without backing directly into the travel lane.
Cars can be a real irritant to people with allergies.
Cars can be dangerous in the winter.
Cars can be dangerous, even when they're parked.
Cars can be death traps.
Cars can be derivative, too.
Cars can be great, but so is a healthy environment, etc.
Cars can be rented on the main islands, driving is on the left side of the road.
Cars can be very difficult to sell outside their home state.
Cars can become airborne at speeds less than that needed to break some trees.
Cars can burn grain alcohol instead of gasoline.
Cars can come to our front doors.
Cars can drive any direction, cross whenever they want, and turn without signaling.
Cars can drive on the new chips immediately.
Cars can drive over the repairs almost immediately.
Cars can drive through.
Cars can end up in dangerous positions.
Cars can fly.
Cars can get tight.
Cars can go into Mexico.
Cars can go into the water draw-up place, so it is crowed with many people from the morning.
Cars can go over the shallow part, which extends into a river on the right.
Cars can kill nose hairs As pollutants increase in the air, hay fever symptoms also increase.
Cars can kill people or they can transport people.
Cars can likewise scare bicyclists by passing too closely.
Cars can make use of the walls and the door at the end of the hall way.
Cars can only go so fast, but podracers scream by like bullets.
Cars can park in the parking deck.
Cars can park on any level.
Cars can pass bicycles anytime.
Cars can proceed straight or make legal turns.
Cars can pull off the same trick.
Cars can replace front and rear body parts with aftermarket parts.
Cars can run off of it, and they can use it to generate electricity.
Cars can run on ethanol like they do on gasoline.
Cars can run on pure ethanol or a mixture of petrol and ethanol.
Cars can slip off jacks.
Cars can spot three or more riders, yet single cyclists can be difficult to see.
Cars can still be dangerous when they're parked.
Cars can still drive through it.
Cars can swerve or duck trouble more readily than a large truck.
Cars career with zealots whose curses mean to lead somewhere, heedless of speed or approximation.
Cars carry crackers to Colorado.
Cars carry men.
Cars carry passengers.
Cars carry people.
Cars cause a desire to drives.
Cars cause a host of environmental problems.
Cars cause a lot more pollution.
Cars cause all the problems.
Cars cause pollution.
Cars change to aliens.
Cars Check out one of the largest selections of cleaned and serviced cars on the web.
Cars chock full of mini-computers.
Cars circle the lot, predatory.
Cars circle the track during the practice session before the races.
Cars Click here for story.
Cars come and go all day, sometimes in a hurry.
Cars come and go, and there are stories behind every model, every turn in design and engineering.
Cars come and go.
Cars come equipped with working knuckle couplers and metal wheel sets.
Cars come in different colors with different options but all are basically identical.
Cars come to a standstill in the opposing freeway lanes.
Cars come to an abrupt stop at the side of the road.
Cars come to mind.
Cars come up and beep, people run in and run out.
Cars come up with new styles every year to the delight of drivers everywhere.
Cars come with a maintenance schedule.
Cars come with balance of manufacturers warranty and all titles are Guaranteed.
Cars come with different car numbers.
Cars come with owner's manuals.
Cars come with the necessary insurance and paperwork to cross all borders within western Europe.
Cars come with unlimited kilometres, unless otherwise stated.
Cars come, do what they want, and then they are gone again.
Cars coming the other way have their lights on.
Cars coming up from behind have more time to see a cyclist than cars on a cross street.
Cars compete against the clock in qualification heats, then against each other in finals.
Cars compete alone, against the clock.
Cars compete for fast times on a course laid out with cones.
Cars compete in classes relative to their design, engine capacity and any modifications.
Cars confer freedom upon the individual, and with that freedom comes status.
Cars conform to British and European safety standards and are fitted with a remote cut-off facility.
Cars connect with magnets and are resting on a straight section of track.
Cars consume enormous amounts of space and radically change the landscape.
Cars contribute half of Maine's air pollution.
Cars contribute to the problem It is highly unusual for time of year.
Cars cost every dealer the same amount.
Cars cost money.
Cars cost relatively more in Europe than in America.
Cars cost too much to make an impulsive decision.
Cars cost too much.
Cars crash at much higher speeds and with far greater damaging forces.
Cars crash daily.
Cars crash into each other in several scenes.
Cars crash through customs booths with lots of breaking glass and sparks flying.
Cars crawl along slowly, headlights bouncing of the haze.
Cars crawl through congested traffic, while bicyclists ride around it.
Cars create an incredible amount of pollution.
Cars create congestion.
Cars create other problems, too.
Cars crossing the rumble patch make an loud, irritating sound.
Cars crowd the streets.
Cars crowd to make turns in the crosswalk.
Cars crumple, stuff flies off, things burn.
Cars dance across the icy road.
Cars dart in and out of traffic lanes at a dangerous pace, and traffic signs are often ignored.
Cars dart in and out.
Cars depart at least every half hour.
Cars depart at least every half-hour.
Cars depreciate in value through time.
Cars depreciate the most in the first few years they are on the road.
Cars depreciate, homes appreciate, and home loan interest is tax-deductable.
Cars diminish wealth, homes add.
Cars dirty up the air with several types of pollution that worsen asthma.
Cars discourage the use of mass transit.
Cars Discuss our motored friends.
Cars Discuss the best report design and use of reports for lists, statements, and mailing labels.
Cars displaying green permits can park in timed, staff and unmarked spaces.
Cars dive to the roadside, their occupants gaping.
Cars do all of the above.
Cars do break down and accidents do occur.
Cars do break down in the Sahara.
Cars do go wrong, officer.
Cars do little or no pavement damage in comparison to large trucks.
Cars do significant damage to pedestrians, pedestrians do negligable damage to cars.
Cars do slow down a little.
Cars do the waiting in common situations like drive up windows and freeway on ramps.
Cars do, shoes do, and so do tires.
Cars dominate almost every street in the city.
Cars dominate urban transport in Australia.
Cars don t have a homeland.
Car's down at the station off the freeway.
Cars drag the lids away, and then the following cars can be severely damaged and the drivers hurt.
Cars draw their power from an overhead wire or a third rail.
Cars drip oil and farms have fertilizer runoff.
Cars drive by and kick up clouds of dust.
Cars drive by, Israeli commuters on their way home.
Cars drive by.
Cars drive like cars.
Cars drive on the left hand side of the road.
Cars drive on the left side of the road and the driver is seated on the right side.
Cars drive on the right of the road.
Cars drive on the right.
Cars drive themselves.
Cars drive through the course individually or are separated by a very large gap.
Cars driven by members are of the highest quality.
Cars Driving in Washington, D.C., can be a challenge.
Cars emancipate the human soul.
Cars emit a lot of the carbon monoxide found outdoors.
Cars emit benzene as unburned fuel, or as fuel vapors that simply evaporate.
Cars emit carbon dioxide.
Cars emit carbon in the form of carbon dioxide, a gas identified with global warming.
Cars emit greenhouse gasses, such as carbon dioxide, which contribute to global warming.
Cars emit one-third of the dangerous tiny particles that are present in Sydney's air.
Cars emit toxins into the air.
Cars empower individuals to control their own transportation.
Cars encountering the circle decelerate just enough to tear around it and then pick up speed.
Cars encourage suburban flight.
Cars engage the mind and body and set both in motion.
Cars enter a twisty, turny course, tripping an electric eye to start a clock.
Cars enter the car park through a roadway that leads to the second floor.
Cars even communicate with one another by use of lights and horns.
Cars evolve also, in their way.
Cars expand our choice of where to live and work by making commuting faster and less expensive.
Cars expand our choice of where to live and work by making travel faster and less expensive.
Cars face each other head-on, and one has to back up, or they simply crash.
Cars feature the same amount of advertising seen on the actual cars.
Cars feel extremely light and bounce around like ping-pong balls.
Cars figure prominently in the fabric of our culture.
Cars fill the street.
Cars Find out about the local driving laws.
Cars flip over.
Cars flip, spin, tumble, skid all over place.
Cars flow by with their lights on.
Cars fly past with waving or complaints.
Cars fly through the air down steep descents and curb jumping is taken to a new level.
Cars fly, climb vertical mountains e.t.c.
Cars get a bad press nowadays.
Cars get better gas mileage on the highway than in the city.
Cars get loose and move around.
Cars get very hot in the summer.
Cars give people a buffer zone, there is a sense of isolation afforded by a car.
CARS gives students easy, secure access to grades, course registration, campus activities and more.
Cars glide by, shimmering in the sun.
Cars go by on the highway sounding their horns and blinking their lights in support.
Cars go by on the highway.
Cars go flying.
Cars go in the street.
Cars go much too fast to be safe.
Cars go side by side with donkey carts.
Cars go through car washers, engines go through engine washers.
Cars go through inspection at least four times during race weekend.
Cars Go to the sea.
Cars go too.
Cars go up in flames.
Cars going over it vibrate the area and make more cracks.
Cars gravitate towards each other.
Cars greatly vary in size, and therefore in mass.
Cars handle beautifully and crashes are awesome.
Cars handle nicely for an arcade racer but are sometimes unpredictable.
Cars handle with satisfying realism, pitching around corners, rather than gliding.
Cars handling is very good, and unlike other racing games the cars handling varies.
Cars have (part) accelerators.
Cars have (part) air bags.
Cars have (part) auto accessories.
Cars have (part) automobile batteries.
Cars have (part) automobile engines.
Cars have (part) automobile trunks.
Cars have (part) backs.
Cars have (part) bases.
Cars have (part) brake bands.
Cars have (part) brake light.
Cars have (part) brake systems.
Cars have (part) bumper guards.
Cars have (part) bumpers.
Cars have (part) cabs.
Cars have (part) car batteries.
Cars have (part) car doors.
Cars have (part) car mirrors.
Cars have (part) car seats.
Cars have (part) car wheels.
Cars have (part) ceilings.
Cars have (part) cylinder blocks.
Cars have (part) emergency brakes.
Cars have (part) engine blocks.
Cars have (part) fan belts.
Cars have (part) fans.
Cars have (part) fuel gauges.
Cars have (part) fuel indicators.
Cars have (part) fuel lines.
Cars have (part) fuel systems.
Cars have (part) fulcrums.
Cars have (part) gas gages.
Cars have (part) gas gauges.
Cars have (part) gas lines.
Cars have (part) gas tanks.
Cars have (part) gasoline engines.
Cars have (part) gasoline gages.
Cars have (part) gasoline gauges.
Cars have (part) gasoline tanks.
Cars have (part) gear levers.
Cars have (part) glove compartments.
Cars have (part) hand brakes.
Cars have (part) head restraint.
Cars have (part) headlamps.
Cars have (part) hinges.
Cars have (part) hood ornaments.
Cars have (part) horn buttons.
Cars have (part) horns.
Cars have (part) hubs.
Cars have (part) infrastructures.
Cars have (part) luggage compartments.
Cars have (part) odometers.
Cars have (part) petrol engines.
Cars have (part) petrol gages.
Cars have (part) petrol gauges.
Cars have (part) petrol lines.
Cars have (part) petrol tanks.
Cars have (part) poppets.
Cars have (part) power trains.
Cars have (part) rear lamps.
Cars have (part) rear light.
Cars have (part) rear windows.
Cars have (part) roof peaks.
Cars have (part) room light.
Cars have (part) seat belts.
Cars have (part) second gear.
Cars have (part) sections.
Cars have (part) speedometers.
Cars have (part) suspension systems.
Cars have (part) tail fins.
Cars have (part) tail lamps.
Cars have (part) thermostats.
Cars have (part) transmission systems.
Cars have (part) voltage regulators.
Cars have (part) walls.
Cars have (part) windshields.
Cars have (part) wipers.
Cars have a finite amount of luggage space.
Cars have a happy smile.
Cars have a lot of bad implications for society.
Cars have a lot of sensors, all wired to an under-hood computer.
Cars have a peculiar hold on the American imagination.
Cars have a rigid underframe, axle-mounted generator and oil heat.
Cars have a tremendous amount of detail, from headlamps to racing decals.
Cars have a universal appeal to everyone.
Cars have acceleration.
Cars have accelerators.
Cars have access to the top via two paved roads over the north and south vehicle tunnels.
Cars have brakes.
Cars have bumpers.
Cars have desktop computers on the dashboard.
Cars have diesel engines.
Cars have disc brakes.
Cars have doors.
Cars have dozens and dozens of wheels.
Cars have energy.
Cars have engines.
Cars have excellent control authority and turn on a dime.
Cars have filters.
Cars have fold-down gate, with removable animal.
Cars have four tires, two in the front followed directly by the two in the rear.
Cars have green panel lighting.
Cars have heavy weathering, just like the prototypes.
Cars have high torque.
Cars have horns.
Cars have internal structures.
Cars have kinetic energy.
Cars have little in their interface that is intuitive.
Cars have load.
Cars have maximum energy.
Cars have mixed effects on society, but most people are glad to have cars.
Cars have moderate temperature.
Cars have more computers than the first space shuttle.
Cars have more luxuries and safety features for a reasonable price.
Cars have motor oil.
Cars have motors.
Cars have no experiences.
Cars have oil temperature.
Cars have other uses.
Cars have positive acceleration.
Cars have power.
Cars have primers and paint systems sprayed over medium quality metal surfaces.
Cars have quite an effect on the environment.
Cars have radios.
Cars have resistance.
Cars have roll resistance.
Cars have roofs.
Cars have seat belts.
Cars have seats.
Cars have spoilers to increase their grip on the road.
Cars have spoke wheels.
Cars have starter motors.
Cars have stripes.
Cars have structures.
Cars have style.
Cars have temperature.
Cars have that kind of hold on many people, whether they are automobile owners or wishful ones.
Cars have their place.
Cars have their share of death rates to follow.
Cars have tires.
Cars have to be built to certain specifications and are tested in labs before they hit the track.
Cars have to be crash-tested.
Cars have to be emotional.
Cars have to be out of the way.
Cars have to be taken over the ferry.
Cars have to come to a complete standstill as they can drive off the road.
Cars have to have seat belts.
Cars have to slow down for walkers, and so do bicycle riders.
Cars have to slow down when they travel through the water.
Cars have too many headaches and people don t want to pay.
Cars have torque.
Cars have trunks.
Cars have unique and intricate decal designs and paint schemes.
Cars have very different acoustics than houses.
Cars have wheels.
Cars have windows.
Cars have wonderful features such as seat belts, windows, ceilings, and floors.
Cars hissing by on wet streets mask other sounds.
Cars honk like ducks and cicadas.
Cars hover and fly through the air.
Cars hurt relatives but bombs kill the enemy.
Cars idling in traffic create more air pollution than moving cars.
Cars impose significant economic costs on society.
Cars Includes color photos.
Cars Includes drivers of cars, station wagons, sport utility vehicles and vans.
Cars involved in a red flag situation are out for that race.
Cars is mobil-mobil .
Cars is the subject.
Cars jackes up in back.
Cars jam a multilane hot, hazy road.
Cars just go through.
Cars keep being run into.
Cars keep going faster all the time.
Cars kick up dirt and send sparks flying when they collide with walls and other vehicles.
Cars kill grass with weight and gas.
Cars kill millions of cats each year.
Cars kill more people per year than guns.
Cars kill people and economies.
Cars kill thousands of people.
Cars kill thousands of toads in Austria as they attempt to migrate to their breeding grounds.
Cars kill two pedestrians every three days.
Cars leave pavement.
Cars leave road kill on asphalt highways.
Cars leave roads.
Cars levitate and vanish.
Cars limit sun tans to left forearms, but bikes allow for full body coverage.
Cars line the road anywhere there is a trail.
Cars line the road leading to the arena, and they usually get ticketed.
Cars line up at garage sales.
Cars link the neighborhoods but there is no communication.
Cars literally drive along a road that leads into the remnant of a crater.
Cars Look for local dealers and check the newspaper for current prices.
Cars look good.
Cars look more real.
Cars look nice, even up close.
Cars look their best when wheels are shiny and tires have a smooth and even luster.
Cars lose laps for certain levels of spoilage.
Cars lose value or depreciate over time.
Cars make good observation blinds.
Cars make it easier to travel.
Cars make it really easy for kids to get away from the watchful eyes of parents.
Cars make offensive noises.
Cars make people stupid.
Cars make the travel plan quite flexible, too.
Cars make the whining sound of turbines, but still look a lot like the cars of today.
Cars make their shockless ways down potholed and flooded streets.
Cars Makes, markets, emergencies and purchasing.
Cars making a sudden U-turn are the most dangerous.
Cars mean car doors.
Cars mean more roads that disrupt salmon habitat, especially when they cross streams.
Cars meet twice in the middle on every lap.
Cars melt, and that is cool.
Cars merely exist on the track together.
Cars mess up the ozone.
Cars mill about looking for the best spot.
Cars mingle with the crowds.
Cars move freely back and forth.
Cars move in and out of jams.
Cars move left to right, yet watch the group of stopped cars.
Cars move that many at ten times the speed.
Cars moving through crowds of people is inherently dangerous.
Cars needs maintenance, new or old, short drives or long commutes.
CARS Never buy a completely new car.
CARS Never try to drive through floodwater.
Cars now have literally thousands of circuits.
Cars now outnumber runners on the road.
Cars now park in multistory garages.
Cars now pay parking at many lockstations.
Cars now run on hydrogen fuel cells refilled twice a year.
Cars now tend to taper slightly from rear to front.
Cars obstructing fire lanes or other emergency access are subject to immediate towing.
Cars offer control, isolation.
Cars offer excellent lightning protection.
Cars offer freedom and pleasure.
Cars offer no protection whatsoever.
Cars offer the promise of retaliation without consequence.
Cars offer very little protection.
Cars offered are nearby and can be inspected easily.
Cars offers mediated searching of hundreds of databases.
Cars overheat in the winter as well as the summer.
Cars owned by the elderly usually have low milage.
Cars oxidize, and bodies melt.
Cars pack the school's parking lot and overflow onto the grass.
Cars packed with standees are common throughout the frenetic workday.
Cars park on the sidewalk, often leaving no room for pedestrian traffic.
Cars park there.
Cars parked here run the risk of being ticketed or towed.
Cars parked illegally are subject to impound.
Cars parked illegally are subject to ticketing.
Cars parked illegally face the prospect of being ticketed or even towed.
Cars parked in unauthorized areas are subject to towing at the owner's expense.
Cars parked off campus are subject to the city's regulations.
Cars parked on Chestnut seem become blurs in place.
Cars pass by sporadically.
Cars pass over a bridge that straddles a thin part of the wetland.
Cars pass through a toll plaza without coming to a stop.
Cars pass with their windows rolled down, music blaring out of the speakers.
Cars pass, day and night.
Cars pile up at spaghetti junction.
Cars pollute more than boats.
Cars pollute our air, cause asthma and other serious respiratory ailments, and heat up the planet.
Cars pollute the air and cause traffic jams.
Cars pollute the air.
Cars pop up in victory circle one time and then disappear.
Cars pose a big problem.
Cars produce carbon dioxide.
Cars promise freedom of movement and a certain amount of independence for the individual.
Cars promise mobility and freedom to all, they say.
CARS provides a range of tools of the display and analysis of accidents.
CARS provides web site design and promotional services.
Cars pull into driveways across the city.
Cars pull into the lot where they can park and wash their cars.
Cars pull off and passengers pile out, tramping through roadside bouquets.
Cars pull slowly up to the curb, one following another in a familiar morning ritual.
Cars pulling out in front of trucks are common, making it necessary to slow down.
Cars qualify one at a time, in an order determined by a lottery.
Cars qualify through heats for the feature.
Cars race along four roadways.
Cars race on part of the oval track before turning onto an infield section.
Cars race past.
Cars ramming into each other, really sounds like cars ramming into each other.
Cars range from stock, production street cars, to purpose built, single seat formula race cars.
Cars ranging from taxis to road crew vehicles pop up every now and then.
Cars really are powerful.
Cars really have to slow down if they are going to make the turn.
Cars Rebate Get fast and acurate new car prices, information and more.
Cars receive major makeovers every four to ten years, depending on the manufacturer.
Cars reflect sunlight when driving.
Cars registered as antique vehicles are also exempt from testing.
Cars remain very important.
Cars remove the civility and humanity normally present in society.
Cars require only minor modifications to run on ethanol instead of gas.
CARS reserves the right to terminate any link or linking program at any time.
Cars respond differently as track conditions change and as drivers employ different strategies.
Cars rest on shoulders and in ditches.
Cars return home heavy-laden.
Cars ride up each side of the arch to an observation room at the top.
Cars roar around blind mountain curves in the left lane at full speed.
Cars roar by.
Cars roll across it right over our heads.
Cars roll by and the sidewalks are jammed.
Cars roll on narrow gauge rails through hills, forests and meadow and around houses and buildings.
Cars routinely pull off the highway to watch the pyrotechnics.
Cars run against a self-declared time or index.
Cars run cleaner, more efficiently, producing less pollution, using less gas.
Cars run faster running nose to tail because of aerodynamics than a single car by itself.
Cars run half-hourly, or more frequently as needed.
Cars run in classes, and each car gets two competitive runs.
Cars run in train lengths of two.
Cars run into fire hydrants, overturning and crashing into other cars, pedestrians dive for cover.
Cars run much cleaner.
Cars run on diesel, gas or alcohol.
Cars run on oil.
Cars run over the curb.
Cars run very well on natural gas.
Cars running on hydrogen fuel cells are available to rent for travel outside of town.
Cars runs like a boss now.
CARS runs on fixed day and rotating night schedules.
Cars rush by like falling elevators.
Cars rush by on their way into Montreal.
Cars rush past, and the world is bright, shining metal and a sharp smell of gas and hot rubber.
Cars rust faster in areas with a lot of snow if salt is used on the roads.
Cars seem real, although there is no visual damage.
Cars seem to run a lot of speed in Gainesville.
Cars serve as moving billboards for the sponsor's logo.
Cars serviced by automotive technicians today are highly sophisticated vehicles.
Cars shown with boards include one miniature board each unless noted.
Cars simply navigate around the former open food market.
Cars simply pull off the road and onto the sidewalk.
Cars sit through three, four cycles of the same lights without moving.
Cars slide and spin on our circuit that is built to test the best.
Cars slide by on streets newly wetted by a recent rain shower.
Cars slide everywhere.
Cars slide freely and are positioned on the track with the use of a line control system.
Cars slide off embankments into frozen lakes and people run burning from flaming vehicles.
Cars slide right into the guard rail.
Cars slide, drift, bounce, and skid with frightening realism.
Cars slow down as they pass an accident.
Cars slowly come to a stop.
Cars slowly cruise past as the group stares up into the glowing sky.
Cars smash, flip, skid and burn with little provocation.
Cars snarl the approach roads, madly honking in futility.
Cars sold at government auctions and foreclosed homes typically sell for their market value.
Cars sold in Israel comply with regulations and conditions as noted above.
Cars speak a great deal about their drivers.
Cars spew noxious fumes that harm people, plants and animals along the road.
Cars sputter and clunk along as if gasping their last breaths.
Cars stall at high altitudes and parking is very limited.
Cars start a rally at one minute intervals.
Cars start at one minute intervals.
Cars start honking to move out on the yellow signal.
Cars stolen to order, drugs, medicines and guns are all on the shopping list.
Cars stop along the side of the road, and mothers with babies get out to watch.
Cars stop at a central location for easy fee collection.
Cars Stop Here.
Cars stop, runners and bicyclists gather.
Cars stream by, crowding together, constantly honking.
Cars stretch for miles, parked end to end on either side of a two-lane highway.
Cars suffer carbon build up, dirty fuel injectors, and dirty throttle bodies.
Cars swamp the small court, parked bumper to bumper, devouring the sidewalk.
Cars take several days to drive the distance, making overnight stops along the way.
Cars take the middle lane, going in both directions, so car rides turn into a game of chicken.
Cars take up our space, and foul our air.
Cars take years to build.
Cars talk to one another, and the wind whistles like a person, and restaurants cook food for people.
Cars tend to drive faster on wider streets.
Cars tend to get more rounded edges in order to be more aerodynamic.
Cars tend to slip forward while they wait.
Cars thrive on speed.
Cars throb at the intersection, waiting for lights to change.
Cars transfer chemical energy into mechanical energy.
Cars travel better when on their wheels.
Cars travel by a barge between Greenville, NJ and Brooklyn.
Cars travel fast and can appear suddenly.
Cars travel slower and bicyclists feel more comfortable.
Cars travel the streets in the city and buses take people to and from school.
Cars travel too fast and are hard to see because of the incline.
Cars travel via a separate ferry.
Cars travel way too fast and the shoulder is almost non-existent.
Cars traverse roads, of course, which today are almost all government operated.
Cars Tshirts with a car theme.
Cars turn off their headlights.
Cars use a third of world's oil.
Cars use chemical energy.
Cars use energy.
Cars use gasoline.
Cars use independent suspensions.
Cars use less gasoline today.
Cars use oil to run and after so many miles, that oil needs to be changed.
Cars use pistons.
Cars use similar control circuitry.
Cars use suspensions.
Cars use the bike lane to drive on in the morning.
Cars use the left lane.
Cars use up a lot of space.
Cars use up energy and cause pollution.
Cars used in the winter probably have a lot of remaining life.
Cars using leaded fuel are one of the biggest sources of air pollution in our cities.
Cars using unleaded gasoline and diesel fuels are the most common.
Cars veer on road.
Cars wail plaintively to one and other across the city night.
Cars wait for repair parts.
Cars wait with no sign of impatience.
Cars wear out, rocks crumble, the moon's orbit decays and the stars burn out.
Cars weave through the narrow gaps between the burning piles of rubber.
Cars whisk down clean streets in an organized flow.
Cars whiz past shiny mid-rise office buildings along a nearby highway.
Cars work for heating the blade but are unpredictable.
Cars work great as blinds.
Cars work well.
Cars wreck trying to avoid road cones.
Cars zip by and commercial enterprises and restaurants dot the roads.
Cars zip past on a nearby thoroughfare.
Cars zoom around the track kicking up tire smoke and the road literally blurs at high speeds.
Cars zoom by on a freeway overpass.
Cars always linger longer in the monkey jungle than they do even among the lions.
Cars always slip and slide.
Cars always win in collisions between bikes and cars.
Cars frequently exceed the speed limit in the area.
Cars frequently try to exit the parking lot while others are attempting to enter on the same side.
Cars often are no more than a hand-span apart.
Cars often veer into the lane as they careen down the hills and around the curves.
Cars usually depreciate the most in the first three years.
Cars usually have disk brakes on the front wheels and drum brakes on the rear wheels.
Cars usually have four wheels and an internal combustion engine.
All car buy purchase encourage careful but brown, how leaves fear few.
All cars access open air viewing cars.
All cars accumulate some combustion chamber deposits as they grow older.
All cars are a target.
All cars are air-conditioned, and there is a size to suit everyone.
All cars are air-conditioner equipped.
All cars are automatic and air condition.
All cars are automatic transmission with air conditioning.
All cars are automatic, have air conditioning and rates include unlimited mileage.
All cars are automatic, unless otherwise stated.
All cars are available in either kit form or fully built and are fully road legal.
All cars are brand new.
All cars are checkt for quality and beauty.
All cars are differant.
All cars are different and equipped with various options.
All cars are either what is mention above or similar.
All cars are fully air-conditioned.
All cars are fully automatic and available at daily, weekly and monthly rates.
All cars are fully safety equiped and race-ready for lucky fans to drive at our track.
All cars are getaway cars.
All cars are in good shape.
All cars are in top condition and ready for immediate delivery.
All cars are left-hand drive.
All cars are limited production items.
All cars are married pairs with the even number the lowest in the pair.
All cars are mint unless otherwise stated.
All cars are new and provided by major international car rental companies.
All cars are new and provided by major, international, car rental companies.
All cars are new and right hand drive.
All cars are on full service lease.
All cars are on rain tires and have their rain lights on.
All cars are photographed, just click on the link next to the description of each car.
All cars are prototypical and are available both individually and as assortments.
All cars are red.
All cars are right- hand drive.
All cars are right hand drive.
All cars are save-able to memory cards, too.
All cars are 'shrink-wrapped' with ads.
All cars are smoke-free.
All cars are sold with a new WOF and mechanical insurance is available at very competitive rates.
All cars are standard.
All cars are subject to availability.
All cars are subject to routine safety inspections.
All cars are things that have four wheels.
All cars are to be parked in the main parking area or by the dorms.
All cars are to be parked within the parking space lines painted on the lots.
All cars are value priced based upon condition, mechanical performance, desirability and quality.
All cars are welcome to come each week.
All cars are welcome to race as long as they pass technical inspection.
All cars are welcome.
All cars are well maintained and have a low mileage.
All cars avoid stopped car.
All cars bunch up at the turn one entrance to the pits and stop.
All cars burn fossil fuel.
All cars can only race in one class per night.
All cars come complete with a satelite phone for absolute peace of mind in the remotest of areas.
All cars come with a standard four-speed automatic transmission.
All cars come with drivers.
All cars come with our legendary after care service.
ALL cars decline in value year after year, save for the most highly collectable antiques.
All cars deteriorate from the moment they leave the showroom.
All cars do the same thing, and are built roughly the same way.
All cars drive on the right lane.
All cars feature pneumatic tires for a smoother ride.
All cars handle differently.
All cars have a hexagonal array in the plastic tail light covers.
All cars have air condition and are fast and comfortable.
All cars have air-conditioning.
All cars have automatic transmission and air conditioning .
All cars have automatic transmission and air conditioning as standard.
All cars have automatic transmission with air conditioning.
All cars have defects, but a loose screw is a minor defect, while brakes that fail are a major one.
All cars have full width cabs at one end.
All cars have interior lights.
All cars have magna-matic couplers, unless otherwise noted.
All cars have radios and are air conditioned.
All cars have ratings for body, engine, suspension, and handling.
All cars have restrooms and access to the open-air viewing cars.
All cars have their own specific engine noises.
All cars listed for sale are new in package or new with out package as indicated.
All cars listed on our site are in stock and ready to ship.
All cars meet our in-house quality standards.
All cars offer air conditioning and attendant service.
All cars point in the same direction as the starting car.
All cars purchased by environmentalists are fuel- efficient cars.
All cars race once per round.
All cars require English plates, inspection, light conversion, etc.
All cars require wheels, brakes and steering, among other things.
All cars return to their original lineup position unless they go to the pits or work on their cars.
All cars run thru mufflers that exit behind driver.
All cars run two heat races.
All cars so equipped have an enhanced traction control system.
All cars stage on south end of pits prior to racing, once the pit steward makes the first call.
All cars use an electric pump-operated windshield washer with a positive displacement washer pump.
All cars use identical solar-electric panels and electrical motors.
All cars welcome.
All cars work the same, same same computers.
All cars work well when driving on hard surfaces.
Any car can be a target - from luxury cars, sports cars, to small economical cars to trucks.
Any car can.
Any car is eligible.
Any car is vulnerable to theft.
Every car actually feel and drives different.
Every car appears to have unique sounds, and some are quite odd.
Every car comes out perfect.
Every car comes with an owner s manual and it gives general time guidelines.
Every car coming into the city is scrutinised thoroughly.
Every car entering the American headquarters in Riyadh is searched inside, outside, and underneath.
Every car has a cassette player.
Every car has a fold down gate for the animals to board their train.
Every car has a natural blind spot on each side.
Every car has a picture.
Every car has a story.
Every car has a unique sound as the engine revs.
Every car has an emergency brake.
Every car has different handling characteristics.
Every car has different sounds.
Every car has one chemistry book in it's trunk.
Every car has plenty of room for luggage.
Every car has several different security devices inside to prevent auto theft or car-jacking.
Every car has some problem or the other.
Every car has the potential to be a true work of art.
Every car is a compromise.
Every car is a parts car.
Every car is a potential target, whether parked or merely stopped at a light.
Every car is a reminder.
Every car is certified and almost all cars are under factory warranty.
Every car is different to the next.
Every car is in the group vehicles and in the group ground objects .
Every car is inspected, certified, and includes a limited warranty and a money-back guarantee.
Every car is spotless and looks like it just left the dealer's showroom.
Every car is well stacked with snow tires, chains, shovels and ropes.
Every car leaves to the airport with a chauffeur and an assistant.
Every car needs a baseplate specifically designed for it.
Every car needs a name.
Every car needs a tune-up now and then to boost performance on the road.
Every car needs a valid PUC certificate.
Every car needs repairs, or at least regular maintenance.
Every car occupies one grid point.
Every car provides an opportunity to create an adventure.
Every car requires some means of power in order to function.
Every car seems to have a distinct different engine sound.
Every car tells a story.
Many car hire companies have their own rules and regulations.
Many car hire special offers apply in Europe.
Many Car Shows Both for competition and fun.
Many cars are available from the outset, but so many more wait to be unlocked.
Many cars are available privately, such as through classified ads in a newspaper.
Many cars are available.
Many cars are in the pits after the race.
Many cars are old and inefficient.
MANY cars are parked on both sides of the road in the summer, so it's easy to find.
Many cars can serve in different capacities.
Many cars come in sport or competition versions.
Many cars driving on roads requires road repairs and new projects costing millions of dollars.
Many cars have a handle or lever to release the hood under the dash.
Many cars have a second fuse box inside the engine compartment.
Many cars have both heaters and air conditioners.
Many cars have brake pad sensors to warn of pad wear.
Many cars have bucket seats in front.
Many cars have drum brakes on the rear wheels and disc brakes on the front.
Many cars have emergency kits inside the trunk, underneath or with the spare tire.
Many cars have no documentation or history.
Many cars have one key that fits all the locks.
Many cars have only two.
Many cars have that currently.
Many cars lack brake lights.
Many cars now have an audible warning in the form of a metal tab in the brake pad.
Many cars offer side impact airbags at extra cost.
Many cars pass by.
Many cars present in here are European cars.
Many cars use a strut design.
Many cars use actuators powered by engine vacuum to open and close the throttle.
More cars arrive and a line forms along the sidewalk.
More cars can move faster on the six-lane highway, all other things being equal.
More cars mean more accidents and auto claims go through the roof.
More cars mean more oil washing off roads, parking lots and driveways into streams.
More cars mean more trains.
More cars means more demand for roadways.
More cars require premium fuel.
More cars run off the roadway than into each other.
Most cars already have canisters in the engine compartment to capture polluting fuel evaporation.
Most cars are a nightmare to get transmission fluid into.
Most cars are available immediately.
Most cars are compacts, regardless of whether they can fit into a compact space.
Most cars are of course Japanese.
Most cars are one to two years old.
Most cars are over-sprung if they have a truck frame.
Most cars are pretty dull-looking.
Most cars are sensibly smaller, however.
Most cars are so complicated it takes a mechanic to do much of anything.
Most cars are somewhere in between.
Most cars are sophisticated computers on wheels.
Most cars arrive at destinations.
Most cars can give more than four years of dependable service.
Most cars can make the trip, but a high-clearance vehicle is best.
Most cars carry men.
Most cars carry passengers.
Most cars carry people.
Most cars come with a radio and some sort of sound system as a standard feature.
Most cars come with good warranties.
Most cars get four stars.
Most cars give optimum performance on regular or mid-grade gasoline.
Most cars have a condenser for the refrigerant.
Most cars have a little light that comes on when the oil pump is no longer pumping oil.
Most cars have a slight brushing sound from the pads lightly touching the rotors.
Most cars have a vapor recovery system as part of the pollution control equipment.
Most cars have acceleration.
Most cars have accelerators.
Most cars have an automatic choke, which slowly opens as the engine warms up.
Most cars have an indicator for engine oil on the dashboard instrumentation plaster.
Most cars have automatic gear changing.
Most cars have automatic turn signals and brake lights.
Most cars have brakes.
Most cars have different requirements and needs, just like their owners.
Most cars have disc brakes.
Most cars have energy.
Most cars have engines.
Most cars have four or five forward speeds, as well as reverse.
Most cars have high torque.
Most cars have internal structures.
Most cars have kinetic energy.
Most cars have little aluminum panels which block access to the nuts backing the windshield bolts.
Most cars have load.
Most cars have maximum energy.
Most cars have moderate temperature.
Most cars have motors.
Most cars have oil temperature.
Most cars have positive acceleration.
Most cars have positive caster.
Most cars have power.
Most cars have resistance.
Most cars have rotors on the front wheels with rear brake drums.
Most cars have several computers.
Most cars have some form of a computer to operate the performance system.
Most cars have starter motors.
Most cars have structures.
Most cars have style.
Most cars have temperature.
Most cars have torque.
Most cars have two fuse panels.
Most cars have wheels.
Most cars here are automatics.
Most cars leave pavement.
Most cars leave roads.
Most cars offer that feature now.
Most cars offer two cupholders for the front seat passengers.
Most cars only use one rail.
Most cars qualify on speed or provisional spots based on car-owner points.
Most cars receive a significant makeover, in styling and engineering, every four to five years.
Most cars run.
Most cars take the long load.
Most cars use a chemical engine that burns fuel inside it .
Most cars use a chemical engine that burns fuel inside it.
Most cars use a radiator to cool the engine .
Most cars use a radiator to cool the engine.
Most cars use boost intermittently and the engine is running in vacuum most of the time.
Most cars use chemical energy.
Most cars use energy.
Most cars use gasoline.
Most cars use hypoid type oil in the rear end.
Most cars use independent suspensions.
Most cars use pistons.
Most cars use suspensions.
Most cars use two filters.
Some car cleaning products contain formaldehyde.
Some car hire sites.
Some car jacks work on the principle of a screw.
Some car makes and models are consistently stolen more often than others.
Some cars adopt suspension systems and have special steering motors.
Some cars almost disappear over the horizon before the drivers press down on their horns.
Some cars already close the gap.
Some cars also have additional, small reinforcement plates along the roofline.
Some cars appear to have a heavy brown cast, however.
Some cars are a joke and some create jokes.
Some cars are bland colored smudges with a couple of black marks for wheels.
Some cars are completely electric and produce no air pollution at all.
Some cars are easier to set up than others.
Some cars are easy to steal.
Some cars are exempt, however.
Some cars are favorite cars for thieves.
Some cars are fuel and electrically powered, and others are solar powered.
Some cars are hard to get into spec.
Some cars are hybrids .
Some cars are hybrids.
Some cars are in storage, and some are on loan to other museums.
Some cars are just complete failures when it comes to the shifter department.
Some cars are more expensive to repair or replace.
Some cars are more expensive to repair, damage more easily or are more prone to theft.
Some cars are more expensive to repair.
Some cars are more likely to be stolen than others.
Some cars are much less expensive to insure than others based on repair costs and theft rates.
Some cars are Porsches.
Some cars are pretty dirty, they go into mud or something.
Some cars are safer than others, of course.
Some cars are so exotic, so massive, so outstandingly impressive, they stand above all others.
Some cars are very difficult to insure.
Some cars are worse than others.
Some cars arrive at shops.
Some cars blast so loudly, they're a nuisance.
Some cars break down and are vandalized before they can be repaired.
Some cars burn diesel or ethanol.
Some cars can use methanol and gasoline from the same tank, like the car on the right.
Some cars carry bake soda.
Some cars carry chickens.
Some cars carry shooters.
Some cars carry soda.
Some cars carry visitors.
Some cars cause death.
Some cars come up from side roads without stopping.
Some cars come with an optional halogen interior light.
Some cars come with holes already drilled for tethers.
Some cars come with the motor and a mechanical speed control.
Some cars contain bags.
Some cars contain empty bags.
Some cars contain golf bags.
Some cars cost more, a lot more, to insure than other cars.
Some cars depreciate like falling girders, while some level off after a few years.
Some cars depreciate more than others in the first few years.
Some cars do.
Some cars enter two shows.
Some cars even have sensors in the seat to detect the number of occupants.
Some cars even have working steering and suspensions.
Some cars experience lower air resistance.
Some cars experience lower resistance.
Some cars experience resistance.
Some cars fall gently in price, while others shed their value like dandruff.
Some cars find spacious parking spaces to rest in.
Some cars find unique ways to avoid traffic jams.
Some cars get no respect.
Some cars go straight from painting to final assembly, but others are held for a while.
Some cars halt the top completely when the car begins to move.
Some cars have a single serpentine belt that drives everything.
Some cars have a slightly different motion.
Some cars have accidents on the road.
Some cars have air bags that are six feet long.
Some cars have an adjuster that is actuated when the emergency brake is applied.
Some cars have an adjustment that can lower the shoulder belt for shorter people.
Some cars have as many as five sensors.
Some cars have automatic shoulder belts with lap belts that are fastened manually.
Some cars have boxes.
Some cars have chips that tell it when it is time to be serviced.
Some cars have circuits.
Some cars have dashboard-mounted indicators to tell the driver when a headlamp has burned out.
Some cars have daytime headlights or automatic headlights that are always on.
Some cars have disk brakes at the front and drum brakes at the rear.
Some cars have friction.
Some cars have fuse boxes.
Some cars have onboard generators.
Some cars have power-assisted brakes, which increase the pressure applied in the braking system.
Some cars have radio antennas mounted alongside the defrosters made of the same material.
Some cars have remotes for the community gate and a remote for their own garage.
Some cars have sentimental value, too.
Some cars have several belts, others a single, long belt that does everything.
Some cars have side bags designed to deploy in a side impact.
Some cars have specific guidelines for installing carseats.
Some cars have spoilers on the back end.
Some cars have steering wheels with telescoping adjusters that allow drivers to move the wheel away.
Some cars have the belt attached to the door rather than the pillar between the doors.
Some cars have the crankcase vented through the filler cap.
Some cars have to pick their way through traffic jams.
Some cars have transparent reservoirs with level markings.
Some cars have types.
Some cars help catch the bad guys.
Some cars hit opossums.
Some cars just resort to following others.
Some cars just show better.
Some cars kill birds.
Some cars kill cats.
Some cars kill deer.
Some cars kill rabbits.
Some cars kill skunks.
Some cars kill squirrels.
Some cars make a constant route, every day.
Some cars make great flat canvases.
Some cars offer an excellent balance of ride comfort and handling.
Some cars protect passengers better.
Some cars provide the option to turn off airbags.
Some cars raise well over one million shillings How much money has been raised so far.
Some cars require stabilizers to steady the chassis against front end roll and sway on turns.
Some cars ride smoother than others.
Some cars run on it, for example, and it is used in mimeo machines.
Some cars serve as security blankets.
Some cars show the marks of rescue-crew saws and power jaws, evidence that people had to be cut out.
Some cars smash into each other during a police chase.
Some cars start fast, others maintain speed better.
Some cars stay in the shop for years, getting attention as their owners' finances permit.
Some cars travel the city's streets with ease.
Some cars use a front mount battery box show here.
Some cars use a multiple-disc clutch operation.
Some cars use a slotted wheel and an optical pickup, like a computer mouse does.
Some cars use friction.
Some cars use motors to raise and lower the windows.
Some cars use transmission fluid in the power steering which is dark red.
Some cars utilize a variation on the traditional leaf-spring design.
Some cars wear out brakes faster than others.
Carabao isa ungulate.
Carabaos have (part) brains.
Carabaos have (part) breasts.
Carabaos have (part) cannon bones.
Carabaos have (part) cell membranes.
Carabaos have (part) cells.
Carabaos have (part) chest cavities.
Carabaos have (part) chests.
Carabaos have (part) corpi.
Carabaos have (part) cytoplasm.
Carabaos have (part) ears.
Carabaos have (part) faces.
Carabaos have (part) heads.
Carabaos have (part) hip sockets.
Carabaos have (part) hoofs.
Carabaos have (part) nuclei.
Carabaos have (part) piluses.
Carabaos have (part) plasma membranes.
Carabaos have (part) rib cages.
Carabaos have (part) second stomachs.
Carabaos have (part) sections.
Carabaos have (part) skulls.
Carabaos have (part) sterna.
Carabaos have (part) vacuoles.
Carabaos have horns.
Carabaos weigh kgs.
A carabid beetle is a beetle
Carabid beetles are relatively abundant and occur worldwide.
A carabiner is a fixing
A carabiner is a ring
Carabiners are fasteners.
Carabiners are hoops.
Carabiners are metalworks.
Carabiners are safety devices.
Carabiners are the duct tape of rock climbers.
All carabiners are for decoration only.
Some carabiners tend to catch little kids fingers in the locking twist.
Some caracal kittens have reddish spots.
Some caracal kittens have spots.
A caracal is a wildcat
Caracal isa lynx.
Caracals actively maintain a rather large home range for their relatively small size.
Caracals are born with ear tufts close to full size.
Caracals are distributed over Africa and West Asia.
Caracals are felines.
Caracals are fiercely territorial and mark their territories with urine.
Caracals are known for their acrobatics.
Caracals are labeled as small cats but are the heaviest of all small cats as well as the fastest.
Caracals are labeled as small cats, but they are the heaviest and fastest of all the small cats.
Caracals are lynxs.
Caracals are mammals.
Caracals are more lively than many other cats and are extremely active during the day.
Caracals are native to a wide territory throughout Africa and South Western Asia.
Caracals are nocturnal creatures.
Caracals are solitary animals and usually hole up in deserted burrows.
Caracals are solitary animals, and come together only for mating.
Caracals are solitary, except for the duration of mating and rearing of kits.
Caracals are strict carnivores and have very strong jaws.
Caracals are strictly solitary and also hunt like that.
Caracals are the fastest of the small cats .
Caracals are the fastest of the small cats.
Caracals are the quickest cat.
Caracals are thought to opportunistically hunt livestock and are persecuted by farmers.
Caracals are usually silent, but can cry out like a leopard, if needed.
Caracals are usually solitary, and both sexes maintain territories.
Caracals are very difficult to see in the wild as they are able to hide themselves extremely well.
Caracals are very easy to tame and have been used as hunting cats in India and Iran.
Caracals breed once yearly.
Caracals can consume significant numbers of sheep and goats.
Caracals commonly live in national parks and other conservation areas.
Caracals favor habitats with low rainfall and plenty of available cover.
Caracals have (part) brains.
Caracals have (part) breasts.
Caracals have (part) cell membranes.
Caracals have (part) cells.
Caracals have (part) chest cavities.
Caracals have (part) chests.
Caracals have (part) corpi.
Caracals have (part) cytoplasm.
Caracals have (part) ears.
Caracals have (part) faces.
Caracals have (part) heads.
Caracals have (part) nuclei.
Caracals have (part) pads.
Caracals have (part) paws.
Caracals have (part) piluses.
Caracals have (part) plasma membranes.
Caracals have (part) rib cages.
Caracals have (part) sections.
Caracals have (part) skulls.
Caracals have (part) sterna.
Caracals have (part) vacuoles.
Caracals have a more slender appearance and longer legs than lynxes.
Caracals have ears.
Caracals have friendly, familiar faces, highly reminiscent of domesticated cats.
Caracals have large tufts of fur at the tips of their ears.
Caracals have legs.
Caracals have very good bird hunting skills.
Caracals hunt alone, using sight and sound to track down prey.
Caracals hunt small animals and birds.
Caracals live in Africa and West Asia.
Caracals live in the drier savannah, and woodland region of Africa.
Caracals make sound.
Caracals mate during the whole year and individuals pair up only to breed.
Caracals stalk their prey and they kill with a bite to the neck.
Caracals take down prey.
Caracals typically hunt at night during the summer and during the day in colder seasons.
Most caracals have ears.
Most caracals have legs.
Most caracals make sound.
Most caracals take down prey.
Some caracals attack domestic livestock.
Some caracals attack livestock.
Some caracals detect prey.
Some caracals detect small prey.
Some caracals have glands.
Some caracals have roles.
Some caracals have scent glands.
Some caracals have senses.
Some caracals have short tails.
Some caracals have tolerance.
Some caracals have wide habitat tolerance.
Some caracals kill mammals.
A caracara is a falcon
Caracaras are birds.
Caracaras are falcons.
Caracaras are scavengers and share the trait of roadside feeding with vultures.
Caracaras are South American birds, sometimes found in Florida and the southwestern United States.
Caracaras build a nest of twigs, grasses, and weeds lined with leaves and mosses.
Most caracaras occur on privately-owned lands in Florida.
A caragana is a bush
Caragana arborescens Siberian peashrub Tolerates dry sites.
Caragana is long-lived, bushy shrub with small leaves.
A carambola is a fruit tree
Carambolas are easier and quicker to make.
Carambolas are golden yellow when ripe.
Caramel is candy.
Caramel is dessert.
Caramel is food.
Caramel is sugar
Caramel is sugar.
Caramels are also relatively low in fat, but they're cavity-makers .
Caramels are only a fad.
Caramels have a light stripe running up the front of the stockings.
Caramels have light vertical stripes on the front of dark stockings.
Caramels release three times more flavour with hot chocolate.
Caramelised malt is used as a basic ingredient and takes the edge off the bitterness of the hops .
Caramelized apple slices with a layer of rich Bavarian custard.
Caramelized bananas surround it and thick chocolate sauce is poured over it all.
Caramelized onions add depth to the spicy tomato sauce.
Caramelized onions are a sweet idea It almost sounds like an oxymoron - caramelized onions.
Caramelized onions can top almost anything.
Caramelized onions provide a sweet finish.
A carapace is a scute
Carapace covers cephalothorax, of chitin and calcium salts.
Carapace isa covering.
Carapace punctate dorsally and laterally.
Carapaces have (part) corpi.
Carapaces have (part) sections.
Carapaces have rubbery texture.
Carapaces have texture.
Most carapaces have rubbery texture.
Most carapaces have texture.
Some carapaces are part of ants.
Some carapaces are part of aphids.
Some carapaces are part of arthropods.
Some carapaces are part of barnacles.
Some carapaces are part of bees.
Some carapaces are part of beetles.
Some carapaces are part of bivalves.
Some carapaces are part of blowflies.
Some carapaces are part of bugs.
Some carapaces are part of butterflies.
Some carapaces are part of capsids.
Some carapaces are part of centipedes.
Some carapaces are part of chrysalises.
Some carapaces are part of cicadas.
Some carapaces are part of clams.
Some carapaces are part of cockroaches.
Some carapaces are part of crabs.
Some carapaces are part of crickets.
Some carapaces are part of cuttlefishs.
Some carapaces are part of decapods.
Some carapaces are part of dragonflies.
Some carapaces are part of drones.
Some carapaces are part of earwigs.
Some carapaces are part of emperors.
Some carapaces are part of fireflies.
Some carapaces are part of fleas.
Some carapaces are part of gastropods.
Some carapaces are part of goldeneyes.
Some carapaces are part of grasshoppers.
Some carapaces are part of hawksbills.
Some carapaces are part of honeybees.
Some carapaces are part of hornets.
Some carapaces are part of horseflies.
Some carapaces are part of houseflies.
Some carapaces are part of insects.
Some carapaces are part of katydids.
Some carapaces are part of krill.
Some carapaces are part of ladybirds.
Some carapaces are part of ladybugs.
Some carapaces are part of leafhoppers.
Some carapaces are part of leatherbacks.
Some carapaces are part of lice.
Some carapaces are part of lobsters.
Some carapaces are part of locusts.
Some carapaces are part of mantises.
Some carapaces are part of mayflies.
Some carapaces are part of midges.
Some carapaces are part of millepedes.
Some carapaces are part of millipedes.
Some carapaces are part of mites.
Some carapaces are part of molluscs.
Some carapaces are part of mollusks.
Some carapaces are part of mosquitoes.
Some carapaces are part of moths.
Some carapaces are part of oysters.
Some carapaces are part of peacocks.
Some carapaces are part of phasmids.
Some carapaces are part of plankton.
Some carapaces are part of pollinators.
Some carapaces are part of pupas.
Some carapaces are part of queens.
Some carapaces are part of ridleys.
Some carapaces are part of scorpions.
Some carapaces are part of silverfishs.
Some carapaces are part of slugs.
Some carapaces are part of snails.
Some carapaces are part of spiders.
Some carapaces are part of springtails.
Some carapaces are part of squids.
Some carapaces are part of tarantulas.
Some carapaces are part of termites.
Some carapaces are part of terrapins.
Some carapaces are part of tortoises.
Some carapaces are part of treehoppers.
Some carapaces are part of trilobites.
Some carapaces are part of turtles.
Some carapaces are part of wasps.
Some carapaces are part of weevils.
Some carapaces are part of winkles.
Some carapaces are part of woodlouses.
Some carapaces are protected by calcareous plates.
Some carapaces are protected by plates.
Some carapaces cover entire thoraxes.
Some carapaces cover thoraxes.
Some carapaces discourage predators.
Some carapaces have bands.
Some carapaces have black blotches.
Some carapaces have blotches.
Some carapaces have designs.
Some carapaces have longitudinal ridges.
Some carapaces have ridges.
Some carapaces have skin.
Some carapaces protect faces.
A carat is an unit
Carat refers to stone weight while karat refers to fineness of gold.
Carats are a unit of measurement for gems.
All caravan parks offer campsites with use of facilities.
Many caravan parks have campsites.
A caravan is a procession
Caravan isa procession.
Caravans are a great choice for handicapped people.
Caravans are all right, though.
Caravans are carriage.
Caravans are convoys.
Caravans are inclusive of gas and electricity.
Caravans are processions.
Caravans are transport.
Caravans are two or three bedroomed, but vary in their layout.
Caravans are welcome powered sites available.
Caravans are welcome.
Caravans die uitzien over twaalf kilometer zandig strand.
Caravans never move quickly.
Caravans overlook empty fields Many a pub carpark is moated with disinfected hay.
Caravans too have to take the same route.
Caravans welcome by reservation.
All caravans have a microwave.
All caravans have a ten year contract from the year of manufacture.
All caravans have duvets and pillows with covers, cutlery and crockery.
All caravans have shower, w.c., fridge, full size cooker, electric kettle, colour TV, and heating.
Every caravan is equipped for six persons, including single duvets and pillows.
Some caravans possess camels.
A caraway seed is a seasoning
Caraway seed is believed to have been cultivated and used in Europe longer than any other condiment.
Caraway seed is used in baking, cheeses, and other foods.
Caraway seeds are actually the mericarps of ripe fruit borne in compound umbels.
Caraway seeds are part of caraways.
Caraway seeds are small and aromatic, with an anise flavor.
Caraway thyme is a aromatic accent to meats when roasting.
A caraway is a herb
Caraway advises that managing the people involved is the key to managing the big picture.
Caraway also advises several council members.
Caraway also features a low ropes course, rappelling tower and rock climbing wall for older boys.
Caraway also works as an effective expectorant for coughs due to colds.
Caraway dislikes being planted near fennel.
Caraway has a distinctive aroma reminiscent of anise and a warm, slightly sharp taste.
Caraway improves heavy soils by loosening the soil.
Caraway is a biennial crop that can be grown throughout Alberta.
Caraway is a biennial plant that thrives on moist soils.
Caraway is a member of the parsley family.
Caraway is also a docent at the zoo.
Caraway is available as the whole seed.
Caraway is black.
Caraway is generally quite safe to take.
Caraway is native to Western Asia, Europe and North Africa.
Caraway is of some importance in the cuisines of North Africa, mostly in Tunisia.
Caraway is one of the oldest culinary spices.
Caraway is particularly good for spicing up pickled cucumbers or beets.
Caraway is said to have some medicinal qualities.
Caraway is the father of the Caraways near Egypt.
Caraway prefers a sunny location with rich, well-drained soil.
Caraway promises to call city agencies and demand a stop sign at a busy intersection nearby.
Caraway wants the city instead to focus on a master plan for the future.
Caraway works as an excellent digestive aid, and it helps expel gas and reduce nausea.
Caraways are herbs.
Caraways are part of caraways.
Caraways are plants.
Most caraway is grown in Eastern Europe, Holland, and Egypt.
Carb adjustment is minimized, starting made easier.
Any carb class allows.
Carb counts are the responsibility of the cook.
Carb craving is the perfect setup for gaining weight and feeling hungry and frustrated.
A carbamate is salt
Carbamates also pose a relatively high risk for human poisoning.
Carbamates are a fourth group of pesticides.
Carbamates are derivatives of carbamic acid.
Carbamates are generally harsh on natural enemies of mite pests.
Carbamates are more toxic and last longer.
Carbamates are much more effective if slugs can get to water after treatment.
Carbamates are salt.
Carbamates are synthetic compounds of salts or esters of carbamic acid.
Carbamates are very water soluble.
Carbamates tend to be quite soluble in water and some are systemic in plants.
Most carbamates are only moderately toxic to mammals.
Some carbamates are herbicides.
Carbaryl baits are toxic to many beneficial insects as well.
Carbaryl insecticide is labeled for fruit thinning.
Carbide lamps are also nearly indestructible.
Carbide lamps burn off of acetylene gas produced by a constant water drip on calcium carbide.
Carbide are the most durable.
Carbide coating Firm 's tungsten carbide coating extends the life of exhauster fans.
Carbide cutting wheels outlast conventional steel wheel cutters by far.
Carbide feeds and speeds and safe machinery practices.
Carbide has capability for both technologies.
Carbide is a very good choice for hickory.
Carbide is an extremely hard material.
Carbide is an inorganic compound
Carbide is especially prone to heat buildup during grinding.
Carbide is inorganic compounds.
Carbide is made to be very resistant to wear and corrosion.
Carbide is organic compounds.
Carbide is tricky enough to work with.
Carbide is used as a substrate to provide a solid base which can be easily brazed to tips of tools.
Carbide is used for inserts because it is very wear resistant.
Carbide is very hard, but it is also brittle.
Carbide isa compound.
Carbide vows to continue sharing information.
Carbides dominate among the ferromagnetic phases.
Carbides retain their wear resistant properties due to low particle temperature.
Some carbides are unaffected by water, e.g., chromium carbide and silicon carbide .
A carbine is a rifle
Carbine works primarily in oils, but also does watercolors.
Carbohydrate catabolism is the breakdown of carbohydrates into smaller units.
Some carbohydrate concentration occurs during winter.
Carbohydrate counting is a meal-planning approach used for patients with diabetes.
Carbohydrate counting is available for newly diagnosed diabetic patients.
Carbohydrate counting is part of both diet management systems.
Carbohydrate counting is which is fast becoming the method of choice for diet management.
Carbohydrate depletion is one of the main reasons why fatigue develops.
Carbohydrate diets cause calcium excretion.
Carbohydrate diets cause excretion.
Carbohydrate diets limit intake.
Carbohydrate diets reduce weight.
Most carbohydrate diets cause calcium excretion.
Most carbohydrate diets cause excretion.
Most carbohydrate diets limit intake.
Most carbohydrate diets reduce weight.
Carbohydrate digestion begins in the mouth due to the action of salivary amylase.
Carbohydrate digestion begins in the mouth, and is broken down with the enzymes in saliva.
Carbohydrate digestion begins in the mouth.
Carbohydrate digestion is under the control of the enzymes maltase, lactase, sucrase.
Carbohydrate factors give the amount of carbohydrate in one gram of a particular food.
Carbohydrate food contains proteins.
Carbohydrate food has values.
Carbohydrate food includes bread.
Carbohydrate food includes flour bread.
Carbohydrate food includes wheat bread.
Carbohydrate food includes whole wheat bread.
All carbohydrate foods become glucose, fuel for the body.
All carbohydrate foods have a certain amount of impact carbs.
Most carbohydrate food contains proteins.
Most carbohydrate food has values.
Most carbohydrate food includes bread.
Most carbohydrate food includes flour bread.
Most carbohydrate food includes wheat bread.
Most carbohydrate food includes whole wheat bread.
Carbohydrate ingestion appears to be a critical factor involved with training tolerance.
Carbohydrate ingestion can completely suppress endogenous glucose production during exercise.
Carbohydrate intolerance is known as hyper-insulinism.
Carbohydrate intolerance is the root of many health problems.
Carbohydrate metabolism provides most of bacterial cells energy ii.
Carbohydrate restriction characterizes the diet.
Some carbohydrate restrictions have favorable impact.
Some carbohydrate restrictions have impact.
Carbohydrate storage occurs throughout overwintering shoots and roots.
Carbohydrate sugar leads to problems.
Most carbohydrate sugar leads to problems.
Some carbohydrate sugar consists of fructose.
A carbohydrate is a molecule
A carbohydrate is an organic compound
Carbohydrate binding activity is stabilized by an antibody specific for a calcium-dependent epitope.
Carbohydrate breaks down into glucose during digestion and raises blood glucose levels.
Carbohydrate breaks down into glucose in the digestive system.
Carbohydrate changes during maturation of cucumber fruit.
Carbohydrate consists of starch, sugars and fibre and is an important source of energy.
Carbohydrate digests most quickly.
Carbohydrate directly raise blood glucose levels.
Carbohydrate feeding during prolonged strenuous exercise can delay fatigue.
Carbohydrate greatly raises insulin and has no effect on glucagon.
Carbohydrate is a very important nutrient as it provides energy to the muscles.
Carbohydrate Is an organic compound composed of carbon, oxygen, and hydrogen atoms.
Carbohydrate is found in starches and sugars.
Carbohydrate is necessary to replace spent glycogen-a primary fuel source in exercise.
Carbohydrate is usually a much less expensive source of energy.
Carbohydrate isa compound.
Carbohydrate means carbon dioxide combined with water.
Carbohydrate serves as a precursor to fat burning.
Carbohydrate supplies the body with energy.
Carbohydrate taken during exercise can overcome the above.
Carbohydrate tends to have a stronger effect on our blood sugar levels when eaten alone.
Carbohydrates a. Are the quickest, most readily available source of energy.
Carbohydrates act as brain food.
Carbohydrates also form weak-bonded complexes with polyphenols and proteins.
Carbohydrates also have more nutrients than sugars.
Carbohydrates also help keep blood sugar at appropriate levels during exercise.
Carbohydrates also increase the rate of muscle glycogen synthesis which is important for recovery.
Carbohydrates also leach quickly during early decomposition.
Carbohydrates also play a large role in the thirst equation.
Carbohydrates also plays a role by causing blood sugars to rise, resulting in increased hunger.
Carbohydrates also provide glucose for increased metabolic demands of the body as a whole.
Carbohydrates also replenish spent muscle-glycogen stores.
Carbohydrates also stimulate the body's metabolism and enhance the body's ability to burn body fat.
Carbohydrates also turn into sugar in the system, so that has to watched as well.
Carbohydrates appear in forms of natural sugars, starches, and cellulose.
Carbohydrates are a broad term that includes fibre and various types of sugars.
Carbohydrates are a drug.
Carbohydrates are a great source of energy.
Carbohydrates are a major fuel source for muscles.
Carbohydrates are a more effective and less costly source of energy.
Carbohydrates are a necessary energy source found in vegetable and grain products.
Carbohydrates are a super source of energy.
Carbohydrates are a type of calorie-providing macronutrient found in many foods and beverages.
Carbohydrates are a vital part of a sensible weight management program.
Carbohydrates are abundant in natural foods.
Carbohydrates are abundant in nature, such as in fruits and vegetables.
Carbohydrates are addictive.
Carbohydrates are also in foods such as breads, cereals, and pasta.
Carbohydrates are also natural appetite suppressors.
Carbohydrates are also the most important nutrient for losing fat and building muscle .
Carbohydrates are also the only dietary fuel source that can be used for maximum intensity work.
Carbohydrates are also very important in the diet of a wrestler.
Carbohydrates are an essential energy source for most life forms.
Carbohydrates are an essential part of our diet, along with protein, fat, and water.
Carbohydrates are an essential source of energy and help in the growth of body tissues, hair.
Carbohydrates are an excellent source of energy and provide valuable vitamins, minerals, and fiber.
Carbohydrates are an important part of a diabetic's diet.
Carbohydrates are an important part of a healthy diet, but choose wisely.
Carbohydrates are an important source of energy for children.
Carbohydrates are an important source of energy for the body.
Carbohydrates are an important source of energy.
Carbohydrates are any food source that comes out of the earth.
Carbohydrates are best as the stodge seems to help soak up the alcohol.
Carbohydrates are best suited to maintaining blood sugar levels and warding off hunger pangs.
Carbohydrates are burned more rapidly than proteins and high fat foods.
Carbohydrates are by far the most abundant of the three.
Carbohydrates are chemical compounds of carbon, hydrogen and oxygen.
Carbohydrates are classified as simple or complex.
Carbohydrates are complex branches of simple sugars.
Carbohydrates are complex sugars made up of monomers of monosaccharides.
Carbohydrates are compounds composed of carbon, hydrogen and oxygen atoms.
Carbohydrates are compounds made of carbon, oxygen and hydrogen.
Carbohydrates are compounds made up of sugars.
Carbohydrates are compounds such as glucose, ribose, deoxyribose, starch and cellulose.
Carbohydrates are compounds that consist of carbon, hydrogen, and oxygen.
Carbohydrates are considered simple or complex based upon their chemical structure.
Carbohydrates are critical for energy.
Carbohydrates are detrimental because they secrete a hormone, insulin.
Carbohydrates are either simple like sugar, or complex like starch.
Carbohydrates are either simple or complex.
Carbohydrates are especially important for sportsmen.
Carbohydrates are essential for the smooth functioning of our body organs.
Carbohydrates are essential in many organisms.
Carbohydrates are formed by bonds.
Carbohydrates are fuel and are burned up easily.
Carbohydrates are generally low in fat and provide an energy source for the body.
Carbohydrates are good sources of energy and assist in putting on needed weight.
Carbohydrates are good, whole grain toast with fruit spread - just a bite here and there.
Carbohydrates are good.
Carbohydrates are healthy, filling, satisfying and taste good, but they can also add weight.
Carbohydrates are helpful in weight reduction diets since they contain half as many calories as fat.
Carbohydrates are high energy foods and are necessary for the active person.
Carbohydrates are high-octane fuel.
Carbohydrates are high-octane fuels.
Carbohydrates are important for sperm recognition of the egg surface.
Carbohydrates are important in the diet because they provide the body with energy.
Carbohydrates are important in the morning, as they provide crucial energy for the body.
Carbohydrates are important mainly as an energy source for the body.
Carbohydrates are important sources of a. monosaccharides.
Carbohydrates are important sources of energy.
Carbohydrates are important sources of hydrogen ions which are released by oxidation.
Carbohydrates are important to provide energy for the horse to perform properly.
Carbohydrates are important to the body in many ways.
Carbohydrates are in foods like bread, potatoes, fruits and vegetables.
Carbohydrates are in foods like bread, potatoes, pasta, fruits and vegetables.
Carbohydrates are in foods like rice, potatoes, bread, noodles, rice, fruits, and vegetables.
Carbohydrates are in foods that contain sugar, such as fruits.
Carbohydrates are in plentiful supply in a vegetarian diet.
Carbohydrates are less mineralized than under temperate climate conditions.
Carbohydrates are macromolecules.
Carbohydrates are made of carbon, oxygen, and hydrogen.
Carbohydrates are made of the sugar glucose.
Carbohydrates are made out of monosaccharides.
Carbohydrates are mainly a source of energy.
Carbohydrates are molecules present in many foods, especially vegetables.
Carbohydrates are molecules that are short to long chains of sugar molecules.
Carbohydrates are more fattening than protiens.
Carbohydrates are mostly to provide energy, but they also help construct nerves and cells.
Carbohydrates are necessary for energy.
Carbohydrates are necessary for the function of the brain and nervous system.
Carbohydrates are needed to fuel the body and protein to keep the muscles and glands healthy.
Carbohydrates are needed to provide energy during exercise.
Carbohydrates are no more fattening than any other food.
Carbohydrates are nutrients composed of carbon, oxygen, and hydrogen.
Carbohydrates are nutrients.
Carbohydrates are of great importance in biology.
Carbohydrates are of several types.
Carbohydrates are often less filling and leave the stomach faster.
Carbohydrates are one of the main sources of energy for working muscles.
Carbohydrates are one of the main types of nutrients.
Carbohydrates are organic matter.
Carbohydrates are organic nutrients that are the main source of energy for the body.
Carbohydrates are our bodies most efficient and preferred form of fuel.
Carbohydrates are our main source of calories.
Carbohydrates are our primary source of fuel.
Carbohydrates are present in varying amounts in many foods.
Carbohydrates are primarily concerned.
Carbohydrates are simply chains of single sugar molecules hooked together.
Carbohydrates are single sugars and chains of sugars.
Carbohydrates are starch and sugars.
Carbohydrates are starches and sugars.
Carbohydrates are starches, sweets, fruits and vegetables.
Carbohydrates are still fine, but eat whole grains and fruit that are more slowly absorbed.
Carbohydrates are stored mostly in the muscles and liver.
Carbohydrates are sugars and starches.
Carbohydrates are sugars strung together in a complex structure.
Carbohydrates are sugars.
Carbohydrates are the basic fuel molecules of the cell.
Carbohydrates are the best and most easily utilized form of energy.
Carbohydrates are the best energy source.
Carbohydrates are the best form of energy for activity.
Carbohydrates are the best fuel for all of our cells.
Carbohydrates are the best source of food energy.
Carbohydrates are the body's first choice for a fuel source.
Carbohydrates are the body's main source of energy, or calories.
Carbohydrates are the body's main source of energy.
Carbohydrates are the body's number one energy source.
Carbohydrates are the body's preferred and main source of fuel or energy.
Carbohydrates are the body's preferred energy source.
Carbohydrates are the body's preferred source of energy, but the body stores only limited amounts.
Carbohydrates are the body's primary source of energy.
Carbohydrates are the body's primary source of fuel for energy.
Carbohydrates are the chief source of energy in a diet plan for athletes.
Carbohydrates are the cornerstone of the athletes diet.
Carbohydrates are the first fuel source used during exercise.
Carbohydrates are the foundation for athletic explosion and energy.
Carbohydrates are the fuel for building a weightlifter's body.
Carbohydrates are the fuel for energy in our bodies.
Carbohydrates are the high octane energy source.
Carbohydrates are the ideal body fuel.
Carbohydrates are the key source of energy in the human body.
Carbohydrates are the key to successful dietary treatment of diabetes.
Carbohydrates are the main energy source being utilized during an event.
Carbohydrates are the main source of energy for cells.
Carbohydrates are the main source of energy for muscles.
Carbohydrates are the main source of energy for our body.
Carbohydrates are the main source of energy for the body.
Carbohydrates are the main source of fuel for our brains and muscles.
Carbohydrates are the major source of energy for the body.
Carbohydrates are the major source of energy.
Carbohydrates are the major sources of energy.
Carbohydrates are the most abundant biological molecules.
Carbohydrates are the most abundant biomolecule on Earth.
Carbohydrates are the most abundant components of plants.
Carbohydrates are the most common source of energy for the human body .
Carbohydrates are the most common source of energy for the human body.
Carbohydrates are the most common type of organic compound.
Carbohydrates are the most efficient source of energy for an athlete.
Carbohydrates are the most important food required to complete the run.
Carbohydrates are the most important food required to meet energy needs for exercise.
Carbohydrates are the nutrient from which all other nutrients are derived.
Carbohydrates are the only biopolymers that can form branched structures.
Carbohydrates are the ONLY fuel for the brain.
Carbohydrates are the only fuel that can be broken down and used anaerobically.
Carbohydrates are the organic compounds that make up biomass.
Carbohydrates are the preferred energy source.
Carbohydrates are the preferred fuel of the muscles.
Carbohydrates are the premium fuel for athletes.
Carbohydrates are the primary energy source for the body.
Carbohydrates are the primary fuel source for the body.
Carbohydrates are the primary fuel used for weight lifting.
Carbohydrates are the primary source of energy .
Carbohydrates are the primary source of food energy for most living systems.
Carbohydrates are the simplest types of foods manufactured and stored by plants.
Carbohydrates are the sugars, starches, and fiber found in many foods.
Carbohydrates are things like sugars, starch and flour which come mostly from plants.
Carbohydrates are ubiquitous in nature and their properties and uses are too numerous to mention.
Carbohydrates are unlikely to be in short supply in the average varied diet.
Carbohydrates are used for energy.
Carbohydrates are used mostly as fuel or energy reserves in the organism.
Carbohydrates are used to maintain the plant and for growth after defoliation or dormancy.
Carbohydrates are usually the best choice, with dairy being the worst.
Carbohydrates are utilized as energy rich sources to the plant, for their entire activity.
Carbohydrates are valuable energy units.
Carbohydrates are variable length strands made from beads of sugar.
Carbohydrates are very important before the workout.
Carbohydrates are very important in our diet.
Carbohydrates are very important to the body since they are the primary source of energy.
Carbohydrates are very much reduced in the diet.
Carbohydrates are very widespread in nature and diverse in their function.
Carbohydrates are well known as our energy food.
Carbohydrates are what a bird uses to produce body heat.
Carbohydrates are what diabetics measure in their food and meals in a day.
Carbohydrates bind toxins.
Carbohydrates boost serotonin in the brain, which produces a calming effect.
Carbohydrates break down in the body to a sugar called glucose.
Carbohydrates break down into glucose, and glucose is the major fuel for immune cells.
Carbohydrates can be complex or simple.
Carbohydrates can be in the form of complex and simple carbohydrate.
Carbohydrates can be more than just a source of fuel.
Carbohydrates can be 'simple carbohydrates' or 'complex carbohydrates'.
Carbohydrates can be simple in their chemical structure like sugar, or complex like cellulose.
Carbohydrates can cause insulin levels to rise creating unstable sugar levels.
Carbohydrates can help replace fat in the diet.
Carbohydrates can increase serotonin levels, cause sleepiness.
Carbohydrates can lead to diabetes.
Carbohydrates cause problems.
Carbohydrates come from grains like wheat, oats, barley, rice and corn.
Carbohydrates come from sugar.
Carbohydrates come from sugars and starches.
Carbohydrates come in different shapes and sizes but all are starches.
Carbohydrates come in good and bad forms.
Carbohydrates come in the form of grains, sugars, fruits, and vegetables.
Carbohydrates come in two forms, simple and complex.
Carbohydrates come in two main types, simple and complex.
Carbohydrates consist mostly of sugars and starches.
Carbohydrates consist of fiber and non-fiber components.
Carbohydrates constitute one very important class of dissolved organic compounds in marine waters.
Carbohydrates consumed to correct a low can overcorrect, causing a high.
Carbohydrates contain a group of large molecules known as starch.
Carbohydrates contain a variety of essential nutrients in proportion to the number of calories.
Carbohydrates contain an equal amount of carbon, hydrogen, and oxygen.
Carbohydrates contain calories.
Carbohydrates contain carbon, hydrogen and oxygen.
Carbohydrates contain cellulose which provides roughage for the movement of bowels.
Carbohydrates contain four calories per gram while fat contains nine calories per gram.
Carbohydrates contain hydroxyl groups.
Carbohydrates contain lots of in vitamins.
Carbohydrates contain only four calories per gram.
Carbohydrates contain vitamins.
Carbohydrates cost less than fats and are easily digested, absorbed and transformed into fat.
Carbohydrates Easily digestible carbohydrates are of great help.
Carbohydrates empty the fastest, with proteins emptying more slowly and fatty foods the slowest.
Carbohydrates encompass a number of different sugars, starches and fibers which are found in food.
Carbohydrates enhance mental performance because the brain thrives on glucose.
Carbohydrates enhance the absorption of tryptophan, which is converted into serotonin in the brain.
Carbohydrates enhance uptake.
Carbohydrates find in fruit.
Carbohydrates form the foundation of any diet.
Carbohydrates give a quick, solid energy base.
Carbohydrates give energy to the body.
Carbohydrates give the biggest boost.
Carbohydrates give young children quick energy.
Carbohydrates greatly stimulate insulin secretion.
Carbohydrates have (part) atoms.
Carbohydrates have (part) chemical chain.
Carbohydrates have (part) chemical groups.
Carbohydrates have a calming effect.
Carbohydrates have a much higher Heat Increment.
Carbohydrates have carbon hydrogen.
Carbohydrates have direct impact.
Carbohydrates have hydrogen.
Carbohydrates have impact.
Carbohydrates have less than half the energy value of fats.
Carbohydrates have levels.
Carbohydrates have low impact.
Carbohydrates have several functions in the body.
Carbohydrates have structural roles and serve as forms of transportable and stored energy.
Carbohydrates have sugar.
Carbohydrates have the most effect on blood sugar.
Carbohydrates have zero to do with causing diabetes.
Carbohydrates help boost levels of the neurotransmitter seortine, which has calming effects.
Carbohydrates help energy.
Carbohydrates help sustain energy.
Carbohydrates improve performance.
Carbohydrates include simple sugar.
Carbohydrates include sugar.
Carbohydrates including fruits, vegetables, beans, and grains provide most of the body's energy.
Carbohydrates increase glycogen levels.
Carbohydrates increase serotonin levels in the brain, as well as give added energy.
Carbohydrates increase serotonin, which acts as an antidepressant.
Carbohydrates increase serotonin, which produces a depressing or sleepy feeling.
Carbohydrates is the primary fuel for brain.
Carbohydrates Know the difference between a triose, pentose and hexose.
Carbohydrates made during photosynthesis benefit the plant when they are converted to energy.
Carbohydrates make up a large portion of a healthy diet.
Carbohydrates make up food.
Carbohydrates make up the broad base.
Carbohydrates normally function as a. the functional unit of lipids.
Carbohydrates normally function in animals as A. a component of triglycerides.
Carbohydrates normally function in animals as the functional units of lipids.
Carbohydrates originate from fruits, vegetables, grains, and processed flours and sugars.
Carbohydrates pass into bloodstreams.
Carbohydrates play a key role in everything from healing wounds to heart disease.
Carbohydrates play a role of neurite outgrowth in vivo during development and regeneration.
Carbohydrates play an important role in the body's metabolism.
Carbohydrates play an important role in the growth and spread of cancer.
Carbohydrates play an important role with metabolism.
Carbohydrates prevent fatigue and dangerous fluid imbalances.
Carbohydrates produce energy faster than do fats.
Carbohydrates produce glucose.
Carbohydrates produced in the fall are used to break dormancy in spring.
Carbohydrates provide a good source of energy, which the body needs to function well.
Carbohydrates provide a good source of energy,which the body needs to function well.
Carbohydrates provide a rapid source of energy while fats can provide a prolonged source of fuel.
Carbohydrates provide a source of quick energy for man.
Carbohydrates provide an energy source, which is needed for colony maintenance.
Carbohydrates provide blood sugar.
Carbohydrates provide energy, the power to think, achieve and play.
Carbohydrates provide energy.
Carbohydrates provide fuel for peak performance.
Carbohydrates provide fuel.
Carbohydrates provide glucose required for energy in our muscles and brain.
Carbohydrates provide muscle fuel and energy.
Carbohydrates provide nutrients.
Carbohydrates provide our bodies with short bursts of quick energy .
Carbohydrates provide sugar.
Carbohydrates provide the body with a continuous source of energy.
Carbohydrates provide the body with energy.
Carbohydrates provide the cell with energy.
Carbohydrates provide the energy.
Carbohydrates provide the fuel for the production of energy.
Carbohydrates provide the fuel needed for muscle-building exercise.
Carbohydrates provide the main energy source for infant growth and development.
Carbohydrates provide the major source of our energy intake.
Carbohydrates provide the match that ignites the body's fats.
Carbohydrates reach intestines.
Carbohydrates reach large intestines.
Carbohydrates reach lower intestines.
Carbohydrates release energy.
Carbohydrates replace hydrocarbons.
Carbohydrates require an alkaline environment.
Carbohydrates require burning of energy to convert to fat, whereas fat is converted directly to fat.
Carbohydrates require less oxygen for metabolism than fats and proteins.
Carbohydrates require less oxygen to break down for energy than do fats.
Carbohydrates reset the reset the metabolic rate body metabolic rate.
Carbohydrates serve as an energy source or have structural roles.
Carbohydrates serve functions.
Carbohydrates serve other body functions.
Carbohydrates spend the least time in the stomach.
Carbohydrates stimulate the appetite and are addictive.
Carbohydrates stored in the roots fuel the growth of new shoots each season.
Carbohydrates supply calories just as protein and fats do.
Carbohydrates supply energy and assist in the utilization of fats.
Carbohydrates supply energy to the body.
Carbohydrates supply energy.
Carbohydrates supply large amounts of the sugar glucose.
Carbohydrates support energy metabolism.
Carbohydrates support metabolism.
Carbohydrates temporarily raise serotonin levels, but apparently at a price.
Carbohydrates tend to empty from the digestive system quickly if consumed alone.
Carbohydrates tend to hold more water than does protein.
Carbohydrates then become an increasingly important source of fuel.
Carbohydrates then pass through food webs to consumers.
Carbohydrates top the list.
Carbohydrates use energy.
Carbohydrates use for energy.
Carbohydrates yield more energy per unit of oxygen consumed than fats.
Carbohydrates yield readily available glucose and are the best fuel for the body.
Carbohydrates often contain oxygen, which is a polar or charged atom.
Carbohydrates usually come from plants and are divided into two categories - simple and complex.
All carbohydrates are compounds of carbon, hydrogen and oxygen.
All carbohydrates digest to form blood sugar.
All carbohydrates eventually turn into sugar in the blood.
All carbohydrates have four calories of energy per gram of weight.
Every carbohydrate has a glycemic index .
Many carbohydrates form hydrogen-bonded complexes with enzymes and other proteins.
Many carbohydrates occur naturally in plant-based foods, such as grains.
Many carbohydrates score high since they are broken down in the body into sugar.
Most carbohydrates are a great source of energy and low in fat.
Most carbohydrates are formed by bonds.
Most carbohydrates are plant-based.
Most carbohydrates are produced by green plants in the process of undergoing photosynthesis.
Most carbohydrates are used for energy for organisms.
Most carbohydrates cause problems.
Most carbohydrates come from sugar.
Most carbohydrates contain calories.
Most carbohydrates contain vitamins.
Most carbohydrates enhance uptake.
Most carbohydrates find in fruit.
Most carbohydrates have carbon hydrogen.
Most carbohydrates have direct impact.
Most carbohydrates have hydrogen.
Most carbohydrates have impact.
Most carbohydrates have levels.
Most carbohydrates have low impact.
Most carbohydrates have sugar.
Most carbohydrates help energy.
Most carbohydrates help sustain energy.
Most carbohydrates improve performance.
Most carbohydrates make up food.
Most carbohydrates pass into bloodstreams.
Most carbohydrates produce glucose.
Most carbohydrates provide blood sugar.
Most carbohydrates provide energy.
Most carbohydrates provide fuel.
Most carbohydrates provide nutrients.
Most carbohydrates provide sugar.
Most carbohydrates reach intestines.
Most carbohydrates reach large intestines.
Most carbohydrates reach lower intestines.
Most carbohydrates release energy.
Most carbohydrates serve functions.
Most carbohydrates serve other body functions.
Most carbohydrates supply energy.
Most carbohydrates support energy metabolism.
Most carbohydrates use energy.
Most carbohydrates use for energy.
Some carbohydrate intake leads to reductions.
Some carbohydrates are better than others at different times of the competition.
Some carbohydrates are consumed by african apes.
Some carbohydrates are consumed by apes.
Some carbohydrates are insoluble while some are soluble in water.
Some carbohydrates are produced by leaves.
Some carbohydrates are produced by photosynthesis.
Some carbohydrates are structural molecules, which provide support and protection.
Some carbohydrates are synthesized from carbon dioxide.
Some carbohydrates are synthesized from dioxide.
Some carbohydrates break down muscles.
Some carbohydrates cause dehydration.
Some carbohydrates cause diabetes.
Some carbohydrates cause imbalances.
Some carbohydrates cause spikes.
Some carbohydrates come from fruit.
Some carbohydrates contain fibre.
Some carbohydrates contain nutrients.
Some carbohydrates contribute fiber to the diet.
Some carbohydrates contribute to accumulation.
Some carbohydrates derive from grain.
Some carbohydrates do so better than others and some carbohydrates are more fattening than others.
Some carbohydrates find in bread.
Some carbohydrates find in cucumbers.
Some carbohydrates find in food.
Some carbohydrates find in many common food.
Some carbohydrates find in plants.
Some carbohydrates find in vegetables.
Some carbohydrates find in white bread.
Some carbohydrates have a simple structure that easily breaks down into glucose.
Some carbohydrates have accumulation.
Some carbohydrates have effects.
Some carbohydrates have minimal effects.
Some carbohydrates have water.
Some carbohydrates lead to blood sugar imbalances.
Some carbohydrates lead to imbalances.
Some carbohydrates lead to insulin resistance.
Some carbohydrates lead to resistance.
Some carbohydrates promote inflammation.
Some carbohydrates provide vitamins.
Some carbohydrates stimulate production.
A carbon arc is an electric lamp
Carbon arcs are the most dangerous UV light sources.
Carbon arcs are too powerful for domestic lighting.
A carbon atom is an atom
Carbon atoms are atoms.
Carbon atoms are colored white, oxygens in red, nitrogens in blue and iron golden.
Carbon atoms are cyan, oxygen atoms are red, and nitrogen atoms are dark bl ue.
Carbon atoms are far smaller than their silicon siblings.
Carbon atoms are highly selective and can absorb one gas from a gaseous mixture.
Carbon atoms are in green, oxygen in red, and hydrogen in white.
Carbon atoms are no longer the only material of choice for nanotubes.
Carbon atoms are special for two reasons.
Carbon atoms are tetravalent, and therefore, can have four bonding pairs around each carbon atom.
Carbon atoms are the most versatile building blocks of molecules.
Carbon atoms can bond to one another and form a lot of different structures.
Carbon atoms can form strong links with four other atoms.
Carbon atoms can therefore make stronger bonds than silicon atoms can.
Carbon atoms combine with atoms.
Carbon atoms combine with hydrogen atoms.
Carbon atoms combine with oxygen.
Carbon atoms come first, hydrogen atoms next, and then other atoms in the alphabetical order.
Carbon atoms form bonds.
Carbon atoms form four bonds.
Carbon atoms have a quirk.
Carbon atoms have bonds.
Carbon atoms have double bonds.
Carbon atoms have shells.
Carbon atoms link together to form the string-like molecule found in all plastic materials.
Carbon atoms occur in three different masses, or isotopes.
Carbon atoms participate in bonds.
Carbon atoms participate in covalent bonds.
Carbon atoms possess another, and most significant property, the capacity to bond with each other.
Carbon atoms reassemble on top as a single diamond thin film.
Most carbon atoms combine with atoms.
Most carbon atoms combine with hydrogen atoms.
Most carbon atoms combine with oxygen.
Most carbon atoms have bonds.
Most carbon atoms have double bonds.
Most carbon atoms have shells.
Most carbon atoms participate in bonds.
Most carbon atoms participate in covalent bonds.
Some carbon atoms have ability.
Some carbon atoms have different nuclei than other carbon atoms.
Some carbon atoms have types.
Carbon black can also irritate the eyes, nose and throat.
Carbon black gives the tire extra hardness and durability.
Carbon black is a coal-like material used to make other products.
Carbon black is a dry solid.
Carbon black is a key input used in the manufacture of automotive tyres.
Carbon black is a lot like graphite.
Carbon black is carbon
Carbon black is carbon.
Carbon black is formed by incomplete combustion of natural gas or liquid hydrocarbons.
Carbon black is in a car's topcoat .
Carbon black is made primarily from a petroleum-based feedstock.
Carbon black is produced by partial combustion of natural gas .
Carbon black is the competitive absorber all tire manufacturers use.
Carbon black is the general term used to describe a powdery commercial form of carbon.
Carbon black is the most commonly used reinforcing agent.
Carbon black is the most commonly used UV stabilizer.
Carbon black is used as a filler and reinforcing agent for rubber.
Carbon brushes are one of the least costly parts in an electric motor.
Carbon buildup can be a real problem on gensets, pumps etc.
Carbon chain is produced in liver by removal of the amino group.
Some carbon chains are long.
Carbon compounds are central in the chemistry of life.
Carbon compounds are the most abundant in many living organisms.
Carbon compounds contain atoms.
Carbon compounds contain carbon atoms.
Carbon compounds containing boron and silicon are among the hardest substances known.
Carbon compounds containing nonmetals are usually gases or liquids with low boiling points.
Carbon compounds have plenty of uses.
Carbon compounds have plenty.
Carbon compounds show the full range of toxicities.
All carbon compounds contain a certain amount of energy.
Most carbon compounds contain atoms.
Most carbon compounds contain carbon atoms.
Most carbon compounds have plenty.
Some carbon compounds are diamonds.
A carbon copy is a copy
Carbon copies are for viewing only.
Carbon copying is also evident.
Carbon County assumes no liability for any errors or omisions in any information.
Carbon County is headquarters to many fishing guides.
Carbon credits are also an important issue.
Carbon dioxide emissions become concern.
Carbon dioxide emissions become environmental concern.
Carbon dioxide emissions become serious concern.
Carbon dioxide emissions become serious environmental concern.
Carbon dioxide gases cause effects.
Carbon dioxide gases cause similar effects.
Carbon dioxide absorbs energy.
Carbon dioxide absorbs heat and traps it near the Earth's surface.
Carbon dioxide absorbs heat from sunlight and warms up the Earth.
Carbon dioxide absorbs infrared radiation from the sun and prevents it from returning to space.
Carbon dioxide absorbs sunlight reflecting off the Earth, heating up the air.
Carbon dioxide accounts for about half of the world's greenhouse gases, which trap solar rays.
Carbon dioxide accounts for three fourths of the predicted increase in the greenhouse effect.
Carbon dioxide accounts for two thirds of the greenhouse gases our economy emits.
Carbon dioxide accounts for two-thirds of the greenhouse gases our economy emits.
Carbon dioxide acts as the solvent and carries the caffeine away from the beans.
Carbon dioxide acts like an acid in water.
Carbon dioxide affects photosynthesis.
Carbon dioxide affects the heat balance by acting as a one-way screen.
Carbon dioxide allows light to reach the Earth's surface.
Carbon dioxide allows sunlight to strike the earth, but traps some of the resulting heat.
Carbon dioxide allows the sun's short wave radiation to reach the earth.
Carbon dioxide Arises during the fermentation process.
Carbon dioxide becomes air.
Carbon dioxide becomes airborne when fossil fuels, solid waste and wood products are burned.
Carbon dioxide becomes toxic when it suppresses respiration.
Carbon dioxide boils first, then sulfur dioxide.
Carbon dioxide builds up in lungs.
Carbon dioxide builds up in the body as a waste product of metabolism.
Carbon dioxide builds up in the Earth's atmosphere, causing temperatures to rise.
Carbon dioxide can also remove cholesterol and fat from milk and meat.
Carbon dioxide can dissolve in water, where some of it is later returned back into the atmosphere.
Carbon dioxide can help dissolve proteins.
Carbon dioxide cans have consequences.
Carbon dioxide cause global warming.
Carbon dioxide cause the earth's average air temperature to increase.
Carbon dioxide causes bread to rise and gives effervescent drinks their bubbles.
Carbon dioxide causes cerebral vasodilation.
Carbon dioxide causes global warming while sulphur dioxide can cause global cooling.
Carbon dioxide causes problems.
Carbon dioxide causes rapid onset of anesthesia with subsequent death due to respiratory arrest.
Carbon dioxide changes the pH of seawater, making it more acidic.
Carbon dioxide combines with water to form a. carbonic acid b.
Carbon dioxide comes from fossil fuel usage, and losses in soil organic matter.
Carbon dioxide comes from the breathing of almost all living organisms and from anything that burns.
Carbon dioxide comes from waste.
Carbon dioxide comes in, oxygen goes out.
Carbon dioxide continues to accumulate in the atmosphere threatening changes in the global climate.
Carbon dioxide decreases because it is blown off.
Carbon dioxide diffuses out.
Carbon dioxide displaces oxygen in the air and causes suffocation.
Carbon dioxide dissolved in water can disperse into the atmosphere.
Carbon dioxide dissolved in water is the major source for aquatic plants.
Carbon dioxide dissolves out of the blood back to the skin.
Carbon dioxide dissolves readily in the surface oceans.
Carbon dioxide enters air.
Carbon dioxide enters atmospheres.
Carbon dioxide enters plants.
Carbon dioxide enters single-celled and aquatic autotrophs through no specialized structures.
Carbon dioxide enters the atmosphere through each of the following processes except one.
Carbon dioxide enters the carbon cycle or is taken up by plants for photosynthesis .
Carbon dioxide enters the leaf and passes into the chloroplast.
Carbon dioxide enters the leaf through pores called stroma.
Carbon dioxide enters the leaf through tiny openings called the stomata.
Carbon dioxide enters the leaves through a.
Carbon dioxide enters the waters of the ocean by simple diffusion .
Carbon dioxide enters tracheae.
Carbon dioxide equilibriates between the atmosphere and the ocean's surface layers.
Carbon dioxide evolves.
Carbon dioxide exists in small amounts both in the atmosphere and in protoplasm.
Carbon dioxide expands the area to create room for the instruments.
Carbon dioxide extinguishes fire by physically attacking all three points of the fire triangle.
Carbon dioxide fluxes over a northern, semiarid, mixed-grass prairie.
Carbon dioxide follows a reverse path.
Carbon dioxide forms compounds.
Carbon dioxide forms many acids, called carbonic acids, in the ocean.
Carbon dioxide furnishes the carbon and oxygen, and water furnishes the hydrogen for carbohydrate, .
Carbon dioxide goes through the process called sublimation.
Carbon dioxide has a double bond on each side of the carbon atom .
Carbon dioxide has a nasty habit of remaining trapped in our atmosphere, sometimes for centuries.
Carbon dioxide has a warming effect on the earth's environment.
Carbon dioxide has any number of biological benefits for plants.
Carbon dioxide has carbon in it .
Carbon dioxide has carbon in it.
Carbon dioxide has growth.
Carbon dioxide has impact.
Carbon dioxide has many beneficial effects on the body.
Carbon dioxide has origins.
Carbon dioxide has plant growth.
Carbon dioxide has roles.
Carbon dioxide has significant impact.
Carbon dioxide has varied commercial uses.
Carbon dioxide helps fuel photosynthesis, the process through which plants are nourished and grow.
Carbon dioxide helps plants grow, but it is also one of the so-called greenhouse gasses.
Carbon dioxide impacts their pH systems, and the expiration of gases necessitates lots of water.
Carbon dioxide improves the growth of hairy roots cultured on solid medium and in nutrient mists.
Carbon dioxide increases temperatures, extending the growing season and increasing humidity.
Carbon dioxide increases the levels of ozone via heating the atmosphere.
Carbon dioxide influences the mean global temperature through the greenhouse effect .
Carbon dioxide inhibits the growth of most aerobic bacteria and moulds.
Carbon dioxide introduced into the greenhouse further boosts production.
Carbon dioxide is a bi-product of biomass burning.
Carbon dioxide is a byproduct of body metabolism and is attached to the red blood cells.
Carbon dioxide is a byproduct of cellular metabolism.
Carbon dioxide is a by-product of fermentationwhich displaces oxygen.
Carbon dioxide is a by-product of fossil fuel combustion.
Carbon dioxide is a by-product of respiration.
Carbon dioxide is a by-product of that process.
Carbon dioxide is a byproduct of the burning of fossil fuels and industrial activity.
Carbon dioxide is a by-product.
Carbon dioxide is a certain source, but, bacterial sulfate reduction is a key.
Carbon dioxide is a colorless gas having a faint odor and a sour taste.
Carbon dioxide is a colorless, almost odorless gas that is formed by the combustion of carbon.
Carbon dioxide is a colorless, odorless gas that's part of our atmosphere.
Carbon dioxide is a colorless, odorless, gas that extinguishes a flame.
Carbon dioxide is a commonly cited greenhouse gas.
Carbon dioxide is a compound , or a combination of two or more elements.
Carbon dioxide is a compound.
Carbon dioxide is a food additive used as a propellant and acidity regulator in the food industry.
Carbon dioxide is a gas at room temperature while silicon dioxide is a high-melting solid.
Carbon dioxide is a gas that is vitally involved in the process of photosynthesis.
Carbon dioxide is a gas that occurs naturally in the atmosphere as a product of living organisms.
Carbon dioxide is a gas that scientists say is a major factor in the earth's rising temperatures.
Carbon dioxide is a gas that scientists say is a major factor in the planet's rising temperatures.
Carbon dioxide is a gas, and because it is heavier than air it pushes the air out of the bottle.
Carbon dioxide is a gas, so it can be compressed and stored under pressure.
Carbon dioxide is a gas.
Carbon dioxide is a gaseous waste product of normal energy metabolism.
Carbon dioxide is a good indicator for indoor air quality.
Carbon dioxide is a greenhouse emission
Carbon dioxide is a greenhouse gas .
Carbon dioxide is a greenhouse gas and a contributor to global warming.
Carbon dioxide is a greenhouse gas and a major contributor to global warming.
Carbon dioxide is a greenhouse gas considered a major factor in global warming.
Carbon dioxide is a greenhouse gas contributing to possible global warming.
Carbon dioxide is a greenhouse gas linked to global climate change.
Carbon dioxide is a greenhouse gas linked to global warming.
Carbon dioxide is a greenhouse gas of major concern in the study of global warming.
Carbon dioxide is a greenhouse gas produced from burning fossil fuels.
Carbon dioxide is a greenhouse gas that contributes to global warming.
Carbon dioxide is a greenhouse gas that contributes to the potential for global warming.
Carbon dioxide is a greenhouse gas that is closely associated with global warming.
Carbon dioxide is a greenhouse gas that keeps our planet warm.
Carbon dioxide is a greenhouse gas which contributes to global warming.
Carbon dioxide is a greenhouse gas which traps heat rising from Earth s surface.
Carbon dioxide is a greenhouse gas which traps heat rising from Earth's surface.
Carbon dioxide is a greenhouse gas, and as such, it is partly responsible for global warming.
Carbon dioxide is a greenhouse gas, produced when electricity is generated or gas is burned.
Carbon dioxide is a greenhouse gas.
Carbon dioxide is a high pressure, super critical process.
Carbon dioxide is a key contributor to global warming.
Carbon dioxide is a key greenhouse gas and is mostly produced by power plants, factories and cars.
Carbon dioxide is a key greenhouse gas that many scientists feel is warming Earth.
Carbon dioxide is a key greenhouse gas.
Carbon dioxide is a known greenhouse gas that contributes to global warming.
Carbon dioxide is a large contributor to greenhouse gases, which lead directly to global warming.
Carbon dioxide is a linear molecule.
Carbon dioxide is a major component of the emissions.
Carbon dioxide is a major contributor to global warming.
Carbon dioxide is a major contributor to the change .
Carbon dioxide is a major global warming gas.
Carbon dioxide is a major greenhouse gas that contributes to global warming.
Carbon dioxide is a major greenhouse gas, which many people believe contributes to global warming.
Carbon dioxide is a major greenhouse gas, which means it is a gas that captures and absorbs heat.
Carbon dioxide is a major greenhouse gas.
Carbon dioxide is a major metabolite.
Carbon dioxide is a major player in global warming.
Carbon dioxide is a natural byproduct of respiration.
Carbon dioxide is a natural gas and is an important part of the environment.
Carbon dioxide is a naturally occurring gas that is released and absorbed in a natural cycle.
Carbon dioxide is a nonflammable gas that is naturally contained in the exhaled breath of humans.
Carbon dioxide is a normal and harmless atmospheric component.
Carbon dioxide is a normal waste product of cellular metabolism.
Carbon dioxide is a nutrient a very important nutrient, perhaps the most important.
Carbon dioxide is a plant nutrient.
Carbon dioxide is a pollutant.
Carbon dioxide is a powerful greenhouse gas.
Carbon dioxide is a primary factor in global warming.
Carbon dioxide is a primary greenhouse gas that causes global warming.
Carbon dioxide is a primary greenhouse gas, which contributes to global warming.
Carbon dioxide is a principal contributor to the green house effect.
Carbon dioxide is a principal contributor to the greenhouse effect .
Carbon dioxide is a product of the biochemical reactions that are part of composting.
Carbon dioxide is a significant greenhouse gas considered to be responsible for global warming.
Carbon dioxide is a small but important constituent of air.
Carbon dioxide is a so called greenhouse gas causing global warming .
Carbon dioxide is a strong radiator of infra-red.
Carbon dioxide is a three-dimensional clean agent.
Carbon dioxide is a tissue building chemical.
Carbon dioxide is a waste product exhaled by humans, but they ingest it when they drink cola drinks.
Carbon dioxide is a waste product of aerobic respiration in plant cells.
Carbon dioxide is a waste product of animal metabolism and is exhaled in breathing.
Carbon dioxide is a waste product of cellular activity.
Carbon dioxide is a waste product of respiration and oxygen is a waste product of photosynthesis.
Carbon dioxide is A. less soluble in sea water than other common atmospheric gases.
Carbon dioxide is absolutely necessary for plants and animals.
Carbon dioxide is absorbed and oxygen is produced.
Carbon dioxide is absorbed and oxygen is released.
Carbon dioxide is absorbed by growing vegetation and soils.
Carbon dioxide is absorbed by producers to make carbohydrates in photosynthesis.
Carbon dioxide is absorbed from the atmosphere and oxygen is released.
Carbon dioxide is absorbed from the atmosphere through pores in the leaves called stomata.
Carbon dioxide is absorbed on one side of platinum electrodes and converts to oxygen.
Carbon dioxide is acidic.
Carbon dioxide is actually a benefit to the plants.
Carbon dioxide is added to drinking water during the final phases of the purification process.
Carbon dioxide is added to lower the water's pH level.
Carbon dioxide is also a gas.
Carbon dioxide is also a greenhouse gas, thus it keeps the planet warm.
Carbon dioxide is also a molecule.
Carbon dioxide is also an excellent absorber.
Carbon dioxide is also effective, displacing the oxygen necessary to sustain fire.
Carbon dioxide is also the gas formed when natural gas, oil and coal are burned.
Carbon dioxide is an acid gas.
Carbon dioxide is an acid, and is released by soil bacteria during biodegredation of litter.
Carbon dioxide is an acidic oxide and reacts with water to give carbonic acid.
Carbon dioxide is an acidic, metabolic waste product in the form of a gas.
Carbon dioxide is an atmospheric constituent that plays several vital roles in the environment.
Carbon dioxide is an efficient greenhouse gas.
Carbon dioxide is an essential raw material for photosynthesis by green plants.
Carbon dioxide is an important gas in Earth's environment.
Carbon dioxide is an important greenhouse gas produced by fossil-fuel use.
Carbon dioxide is an important greenhouse gas.
Carbon dioxide is an important leavening agent for most baked goods.
Carbon dioxide is an important part of the atmosphere.
Carbon dioxide is an orderless, tasteless gas that is heavier than air.
Carbon dioxide is another ingredient needed for photosynthesis.
Carbon dioxide is applied to the face in light, circular motions.
Carbon dioxide is available to produce new biomass and that's why it is a renewable resource.
Carbon dioxide is better than pasteurization.
Carbon dioxide is bubbled through a water solution of calcium hydroxide at room temperature.
Carbon dioxide is by far the most abundant greenhouse gas in the atmosphere.
Carbon dioxide is capable of freezes.
Carbon dioxide is carried to the lungs through blood and sent out the lungs.
Carbon dioxide is cheap and abundant.
Carbon dioxide is cheaper to buy than solvents and can be reused.
Carbon dioxide is chemical compounds.
Carbon dioxide is clearly the most important cause of the human-made greenhouse effect.
Carbon dioxide is colorless, odorless and heavier than air.
Carbon dioxide is composed of two atoms of oxygen and one atom of carbon.
Carbon dioxide is considered a greenhouse gas.
Carbon dioxide is considered by many as one of the major contributors to global warming.
Carbon dioxide is considered the most prominent contributor to the global warming issue.
Carbon dioxide is controlled by the carbon cycle.
Carbon dioxide is converted in photosynthesis and store as wood.
Carbon dioxide is converted into sugars in a process called carbon fixation.
Carbon dioxide is created by the burning of oil, coal, gas or wood.
Carbon dioxide is deceptive.
Carbon dioxide is denser than air.
Carbon dioxide is eliminated here also.
Carbon dioxide is emitted into the atmosphere when fossil fuels are burnt.
Carbon dioxide is emitted through the burning of fossil fuels such as oil and coal.
Carbon dioxide is emitted to the atmosphere through natural sources.
Carbon dioxide is emitted whenever fossil fuels are burned.
Carbon dioxide is emitted whenever fossil fuels such as coal, oil and natural gas are burned.
Carbon dioxide is essential for photosynthesis, the process by which plants grow.
Carbon dioxide is essential for plant growth.
Carbon dioxide is essential to plant growth.
Carbon dioxide is expelled from the lungs with each exhalation.
Carbon dioxide is extremely harmful to the atmosphere.
Carbon dioxide is far more than a waste gas.
Carbon dioxide is faster consumed than supplied due to the mesophyll s photosynthesis.
Carbon dioxide is fixed by photosynthesis into carbohydrates.
Carbon dioxide is fixed by plants, which are then eaten by animals.
Carbon dioxide is formed by burning carbon.
Carbon dioxide is found in nature.
Carbon dioxide is fundamental to maintaining normal physiology.
Carbon dioxide is furnished to a greenhouse for commercial produce.
Carbon dioxide is gases.
Carbon dioxide is gathered from the air through the stomata.
Carbon dioxide is given off as the organic matter decays.
Carbon dioxide is given off during respiration of biological systems.
Carbon dioxide is greenhouse gases.
Carbon dioxide is harmless.
Carbon dioxide is heavier than air and can collect in low and poorly ventilated places.
Carbon dioxide is heavier than air and pushes it out of the bin.
Carbon dioxide is heavier than air and puts out a flame.
Carbon dioxide is heavier than air and tends to collect in low and enclosed spaces.
Carbon dioxide is heavier than air.
Carbon dioxide is highly soluble in seawater.
Carbon dioxide is influenced by the level of organic matter in the soil.
Carbon dioxide is inorganic compounds.
Carbon dioxide is instead the inevitable byproduct of burning fossil fuel.
Carbon dioxide is introduced to make a space so the pelvic organs can be seen.
Carbon dioxide is liberated from the mineral and bubbles out through the acid, creating the fizz.
Carbon dioxide is linked to air quality problems and contributes to global climate change.
Carbon dioxide is located in air.
Carbon dioxide is located in earth.
Carbon dioxide is lost with faster breathing and increased when breathing slows.
Carbon dioxide is made in steel mills.
Carbon dioxide is made in the reactions between most acids and most metal carbonates .
Carbon dioxide is made in the reactions between most acids and most metal carbonates.
Carbon dioxide is made up of carbon and oxygen atoms.
Carbon dioxide is made up of one carbon and two oxygen atoms, hydrogen of two hydrogen atoms.
Carbon dioxide is mixed quickly throughout the atmosphere.
Carbon dioxide is more soluble and diffuses faster than oxygen.
Carbon dioxide is more soluble in water than oxygen.
Carbon dioxide is much better suited for heat-pump applications.
Carbon dioxide is necessary for plant respiration.
Carbon dioxide is now part of an international venture for enhanced oil recovery in Canada.
Carbon dioxide is obtained through tiny pores in plant leaves called stomata.
Carbon dioxide is one example of a greenhouse gas.
Carbon dioxide is one of many greenhouse gases, including water, methane and ammonia.
Carbon dioxide is one of several gases implicated in greenhouse warming.
Carbon dioxide is one of the first chemical compounds kids learn about.
Carbon dioxide is one of the key greenhouse gases blamed for causing global warming.
Carbon dioxide is one of the more important gases responsible for the greenhouse effect .
Carbon dioxide is one of the most important greenhouse gases in the atmosphere.
Carbon dioxide is one of the most important greenhouse gases.
Carbon dioxide is one of the primary greenhouse gases that contribute to global warming.
Carbon dioxide is one of the raw materials of the photosynthetic process.
Carbon dioxide is one of the strongest attractants for mosquitoes.
Carbon dioxide is one the gas responsible for global warming .
Carbon dioxide is only one gas which is exchanged between the atmosphere and forests.
Carbon dioxide is only slightly poisonous.
Carbon dioxide is oxide.
Carbon dioxide is prevented from entering the Earth's atmosphere before exiting the system.
Carbon dioxide is probably the most abundant form of carbon found on earth.
Carbon dioxide is produced and given off.
Carbon dioxide is produced and released as a by-product.
Carbon dioxide is produced and remains in the bottom because it is more dense than air.
Carbon dioxide is produced as a waste product.
Carbon dioxide is produced by all animals and by green plants in darkness.
Carbon dioxide is produced by all cells as a result of cellular metabolic processes.
Carbon dioxide is produced by burn gasoline.
Carbon dioxide is produced by gasoline.
Carbon dioxide is produced by plants, and is found in many things, including soft drinks.
Carbon dioxide is produced by respiration.
Carbon dioxide is produced by the burning of coal, oil and natural gas.
Carbon dioxide is produced by the burning of fossil fuels such as coal, oil and natural gas.
Carbon dioxide is produced by the cells and moves in the opposite direction through the same system.
Carbon dioxide is produced by the degradation of organic matter.
Carbon dioxide is produced from heating , driving and consuming products .
Carbon dioxide is produced from heating, driving and consuming products.
Carbon dioxide is produced in excess amounts.
Carbon dioxide is produced in the reaction between calcium carbonate and hydrochloric acid.
Carbon dioxide is produced when fuels are burned.
Carbon dioxide is produced when microorganisms oxidize organic matter within the sample.
Carbon dioxide is produced when the methane gas is burned for cooking and heating.
Carbon dioxide is produced when vinegar and baking soda are mixed.
Carbon dioxide is pumped into the body to give the surgeon room to work.
Carbon dioxide is readily soluble in water.
Carbon dioxide is reduced and water is oxidized.
Carbon dioxide is released back into the atmosphere through bacterial respiration.
Carbon dioxide is released by bacteria.
Carbon dioxide is released from the soil during the freezing process and in the late spring.
Carbon dioxide is released in deforestation by burning or cutting.
Carbon dioxide is released into the air when students exhale.
Carbon dioxide is released into the atmosphere when fossil fuels are burned.
Carbon dioxide is released through the same pores.
Carbon dioxide is released to the atmosphere by all organisms.
Carbon dioxide is released when fossil fuels are used.
Carbon dioxide is released when fossil fuels like coal and oil are burned.
Carbon dioxide is released when people burn fossil fuels , like oil , coal , and natural gas .
Carbon dioxide is released when people burn fossil fuels, like oil, coal, and natural gas.
Carbon dioxide is removed from the atmosphere and oxygen is released during photosynthesis.
Carbon dioxide is removed from the atmosphere by a complex network of natural sinks .
Carbon dioxide is removed from the atmosphere during photosynthesis and by dissolving in the oceans.
Carbon dioxide is removed.
Carbon dioxide is responsible for approximately half of the increase.
Carbon dioxide is responsible for only about half of the Earth's greenhouse effect warming.
Carbon dioxide is returned to the atmosphere when the plant parts decay or are burned.
Carbon dioxide is slightly soluble and is absorbed into bodies of water such as the ocean and lakes.
Carbon dioxide is suggested for fires involving delicate instruments and optical systems.
Carbon dioxide is supposedly the most effective greenhouse gas.
Carbon dioxide is taken from the atmosphere through small pores called as stomata.
Carbon dioxide is taken in.
Carbon dioxide is taken into leaves and utilized during photosynthesis.
Carbon dioxide is taken out from the blood and brought out.
Carbon dioxide is taken up at night and stored until photosynthesis can occur during the day.
Carbon dioxide is the air that plant take in used in the process of photosynthesis.
Carbon dioxide is the biggest contributor to global warming.
Carbon dioxide is the cause, the trigger, that starts the warming.
Carbon dioxide is the chief culprit in the increased threat of global warming in recent decades.
Carbon dioxide is the fundamental nutrition of every life form on Earth.
Carbon dioxide is the gas that all animals exhale when they breathe.
Carbon dioxide is the greenhouse gas that contributes most to global warming.
Carbon dioxide is the heat trapping greenhouse gas held most to blame for global warming.
Carbon dioxide is the largest contributing factor to global warming.
Carbon dioxide is the largest single waste product of modern society.
Carbon dioxide is the leading cause of climate change.
Carbon dioxide is the leading cause of global warming.
Carbon dioxide is the least aggressive of the greenhouse gases but is emitted in large quantities.
Carbon dioxide is the least expensive gas to measure and serves as a good measure of ventilation.
Carbon dioxide is the least soluble and so is the first to separate.
Carbon dioxide is the main byproduct produced when the liver processes erythromycin.
Carbon dioxide is the main cause of human-induced climate change.
Carbon dioxide is the main cause of the greenhouse effect.
Carbon dioxide is the main gas caused by human activity that has been linked to global warming.
Carbon dioxide is the main greenhouse gas that contributes to global climate change.
Carbon dioxide is the main greenhouse gas that contributes to global warming.
Carbon dioxide is the main greenhouse gas which contributes to the threat of global warming.
Carbon dioxide is the main ionized gas which contaminates water.
Carbon dioxide is the main vector in causing the warming of our atmosphere.
Carbon dioxide is the major contributor of global warming.
Carbon dioxide is the major contributor to global warming.
Carbon dioxide is the major factor.
Carbon dioxide is the major greenhouse gas contributing to global warming.
Carbon dioxide is the major man-made contributor to global climate change.
Carbon dioxide is the most abundant greenhouse gas in the atmosphere.
Carbon dioxide is the most abundant greenhouse gas, meaning that it traps infrared radiation.
Carbon dioxide is the most common greenhouse gas.
Carbon dioxide is the most common of several gases that contribute to the greenhouse effect.
Carbon dioxide is the most important gas driving global warming.
Carbon dioxide is the most important greenhouse gas contributing to global warming.
Carbon dioxide is the most important greenhouse gas released by human activities.
Carbon dioxide is the most important of the greenhouse gases produced due to human activities.
Carbon dioxide is the most important single greenhouse agent produced by human activities.
Carbon dioxide is the most powerful cerebral vasodilator known.
Carbon dioxide is the most powerful vasodilator for cerebral blood vessels.
Carbon dioxide is the most prevalent greenhouse gas.
Carbon dioxide is the most troublesome gas.
Carbon dioxide is the preferred agent, as it leaves no residue to be cleaned up.
Carbon dioxide is the primary gas in Mars' atmosphere.
Carbon dioxide is the primary gas leading to global warming.
Carbon dioxide is the primary greenhouse gas contributing to climate change.
Carbon dioxide is the primary greenhouse gas.
Carbon dioxide is the principal gas caused by human activity that is implicated in global warming.
Carbon dioxide is the principal greenhouse gas believed to be behind changes in the global climate.
Carbon dioxide is the principal greenhouse gas, especially at the household level.
Carbon dioxide is the principal greenhouse gas.
Carbon dioxide is the product of combustion of hydrocarbons and carbohydrates.
Carbon dioxide is the result of animal respiration.
Carbon dioxide is the second most abundant gas produced as organic acids are degraded.
Carbon dioxide is the source gas of the carbon emissions.
Carbon dioxide is the uninvited guest that shows up whenever coal, oil, or natural gas burn.
Carbon dioxide is the waste product of cells.
Carbon dioxide is the waste product of well functioning cells and is also carried back by the blood.
Carbon dioxide is the waste product produced during strenuous activity such as mountain climbing.
Carbon dioxide is thought to cause global warming.
Carbon dioxide is transparent to light but rather opaque to heat rays.
Carbon dioxide is transpired through the pores of the shell.
Carbon dioxide is transported in the blood a. bound to hemoglobin.
Carbon dioxide is transported on hemoglobin.
Carbon dioxide is used by plants during photosynthesis to manufacture glucose.
Carbon dioxide is used by plants to make food for themselves.
Carbon dioxide is used by the food industry, the oil industry, and the chemical industry.
Carbon dioxide is used during photosynthesis.
Carbon dioxide is used in a variety of ways by organisms in the oceans.
Carbon dioxide is used in some fire extinguishers.
Carbon dioxide is used in the light-independent reactions .
Carbon dioxide is used in the light-independent reactions.
Carbon dioxide is used in the production of carbonic acid, the main intravascular acid.
Carbon dioxide is used to produce carbonated soft drinks and soda water.
Carbon dioxide is used.
Carbon dioxide is very soluble in water, much more so than oxygen.
Carbon dioxide is very soluble in water.
Carbon dioxide is weakly soluble in water , therefore it separates into a gas .
Carbon dioxide is weakly soluble in water, therefore it separates into a gas.
Carbon dioxide leaves that same blood when air is exhaled from the lung out of the body.
Carbon dioxide leaves the body through the spiracles.
Carbon dioxide leaves the cell by diffusion into the water and out the osculum.
Carbon dioxide leaves the cell, diffuses through the interstitial fluid and enters a capillary.
Carbon dioxide likes to do one thing in water.
Carbon dioxide links the energy crisis with the problem of global warming.
Carbon dioxide makes up less than one two thousandth of one per cent.
Carbon dioxide modulates energy metabolism in a dormant mollusc.
Carbon dioxide moves readily from the extravascular space into the blood.
Carbon dioxide passes from the blood into the alveoli .
Carbon dioxide passes from the blood into the alveoli.
Carbon dioxide passes from the blood through the thin gill tissue into the water.
Carbon dioxide passes out through the body surface as well as through the contractile vacuoles.
Carbon dioxide passes out through the surface as well as being expelled by the contractile vacuoles.
Carbon dioxide passes through membranes.
Carbon dioxide passes through the capillary walls from the cells.
Carbon dioxide plays an important role in the lives of plants and animals.
Carbon dioxide plays an important role in warming the earth by trapping the sun's heat.
Carbon dioxide prevents infrared photons from radiating energy to space.
Carbon dioxide produced by human activity enters the natural carbon cycle.
Carbon dioxide produced during respiration is removed by lungs.
Carbon dioxide produced during the burning of coal enhances global warming.
Carbon dioxide produces during respiration.
Carbon dioxide provides an ideal solution.
Carbon dioxide provides the carbon atoms that are incorporated into sugars in photosynthesis.
Carbon dioxide puts out fires by depriving the flame of oxygen.
Carbon dioxide reacts with carbonate to produce bicarbonate.
Carbon dioxide reacts with hydrogen.
Carbon dioxide reacts with seawater to make carbonic acid.
Carbon dioxide reacts with water in solution to form the weak acid, carbonic acid.
Carbon dioxide regulates smooth muscle or the involuntary muscle of the airways, blood vessels etc.
Carbon dioxide regulates the activity of the autonomic nervous system.
Carbon dioxide released during respiration is used up by the plant for photosynthesis.
Carbon dioxide remains for a century or more.
Carbon dioxide replaces harsher acids for the alkaline neutralization process.
Carbon dioxide replaces oxygen in a grain bin and can be deadly.
Carbon dioxide represents that most abundant of the greenhouse gases.
Carbon dioxide results primarily from decaying organic matter in water-bearing soils.
Carbon dioxide rises as oxygen falls.
Carbon dioxide stimulates plant growth.
Carbon dioxide suppresses fires quickly without leaving a residue.
Carbon dioxide traps heat and warms the atmosphere.
Carbon dioxide traps heat in our lower atmosphere.
Carbon dioxides released by cars is a major contributing factor to the greenhouse effect.
More carbon dioxide is good.
More carbon dioxide is produced in the tiny passageways of soil.
More carbon dioxide is produced than actually ends up in the atmosphere.
More carbon dioxide is taken up by plants.
More carbon dioxide leads to more atmospheric water vapor, which leads to higher temperatures.
More carbon dioxide means an increased greenhouse effect, which leads to global warming.
More carbon dioxide means enhanced greenhouse effect and that means warmer climate.
More carbon dioxide means fewer stomata and vice versa.
More carbon dioxide means more cooling.
Most carbon dioxide absorbs energy.
Most carbon dioxide affects photosynthesis.
Most carbon dioxide becomes air.
Most carbon dioxide builds up in lungs.
Most carbon dioxide causes problems.
Most carbon dioxide comes from waste.
Most carbon dioxide enters air.
Most carbon dioxide enters atmospheres.
Most carbon dioxide enters plants.
Most carbon dioxide enters tracheae.
Most carbon dioxide has growth.
Most carbon dioxide has impact.
Most carbon dioxide has origins.
Most carbon dioxide has plant growth.
Most carbon dioxide has roles.
Most carbon dioxide has significant impact.
Most carbon dioxide is produced by burn gasoline.
Most carbon dioxide is produced by gasoline.
Most carbon dioxide is produced by respiration.
Most carbon dioxide is released by bacteria.
Most carbon dioxide is released through the skin in all salamanders.
Most carbon dioxide is used up by photosynthesis.
Most carbon dioxide passes through membranes.
Most carbon dioxide produces during respiration.
Some carbon dioxide absorbs radiation.
Some carbon dioxide acts as fertilizer.
Some carbon dioxide affects plants.
Some carbon dioxide boosts growth.
Some carbon dioxide boosts plant growth.
Some carbon dioxide builds up in blood.
Some carbon dioxide combines with acid.
Some carbon dioxide combines with carbon compounds.
Some carbon dioxide combines with compounds.
Some carbon dioxide combines with light.
Some carbon dioxide combines with organic acid.
Some carbon dioxide contributes to effects.
Some carbon dioxide contributes to greenhouse effects.
Some carbon dioxide depends on saltiness.
Some carbon dioxide enters aquatic autotrophs.
Some carbon dioxide enters containers.
Some carbon dioxide enters earth.
Some carbon dioxide enters hearts.
Some carbon dioxide enters tubes.
Some carbon dioxide enters water.
Some carbon dioxide exists as liquids.
Some carbon dioxide flows into arteries.
Some carbon dioxide flows into pulmonary arteries.
Some carbon dioxide gets photosynthesis.
Some carbon dioxide has high partial pressure.
Some carbon dioxide has high pressure.
Some carbon dioxide has partial pressure.
Some carbon dioxide has pressure.
Some carbon dioxide increases gas pressure.
Some carbon dioxide increases pressure.
Some carbon dioxide increases runoff.
Some carbon dioxide is dissolved into the ocean, where some organisms use it to form their shells.
Some carbon dioxide is incorporated into compounds.
Some carbon dioxide is produced by combustion.
Some carbon dioxide is produced by growth.
Some carbon dioxide is produced by ice.
Some carbon dioxide is released from the interior of the lithosphere by volcanoes .
Some carbon dioxide is used by algae and phytoplankton through the process of photosynthesis.
Some carbon dioxide limits photosynthesis.
Some carbon dioxide needs for photosynthesis.
Some carbon dioxide passes through skin.
Some carbon dioxide produces as byproduct.
Some carbon dioxide produces carbohydrates.
Some carbon dioxide reacts with water.
Some carbon dioxide releases into water.
Some carbon dioxide releases oxygen.
Some carbon dioxide removes gases.
Some carbon dioxide removes toxic gases.
Some carbon dioxide uses for photosynthesis.
Carbon electrode serves as the cathode current collector.
Carbon emissions are an important indicator of efficient energy use.
Carbon emissions are from fossil fuel burning, cement manufacture and gas flaring only.
Carbon emissions are part of the problem.
Carbon emissions are the primary contributors to the greenhouse effect, which causes global warming.
Carbon emissions released by motor vehicles are one of the primary causes of global warming.
Carbon fabric is very easy to work with and in many respects, it handles like plain fiberglass.
Carbon fiber absorbs most of the shocks that aluminum passes on.
Carbon fiber can achieve the same strength as steel and is half to a third of the weight.
Carbon fiber does have a very distinct look and feel to it.
Carbon fiber handle over jeweled titanium liners.
Carbon fiber has a reputation as being strong, yet very light.
Carbon fiber has some unique properties which lend it to applications such as a mast.
Carbon fiber is a high modulus synthetic fiber made from carbon atoms.
Carbon fiber is a lightweight very strong material.
Carbon fiber is also a labor-intensive material that results in a rather pricey knife.
Carbon fiber is everywhere, but most notably in the rear subframe.
Carbon fiber is extremely durable material used in racecars, helmets and aircraft.
Carbon fiber is like shrapnel.
Carbon fiber is stiff and brittle.
Carbon fiber is stronger than steel and lighter than aluminum.
Carbon fiber is superior to E glass in fatigue and static strength as well as stiffness.
Carbon fiber is the very best electrical conductor.
Carbon fiber is used to stiffen the hull and deck in way of the keel, mast and chainplates.
Carbon fiber is used to the same end but is lighter, stiffer, and more expensive.
Carbon fiber look kit shown.
Carbon fiber looks awsome.
Carbon fiber possesses another important characteristic.
Carbon fiber takes some getting used to.
Carbon fibers are a very strong material that is used in a wide variety of applications.
Carbon fibers are as electrically conductive as copper.
Carbon fibers are strong as they are long chain molecules.
Carbon fibers are thermally and electrically conductive.
Carbon fibers have application in sporting goods, automotive, and aerospace fields.
Carbon fibers have internal bonding very much like that of diamond.
Carbon fibers is one example.
Some carbon fiber has modules.
Some carbon fiber has specific modules.
Some carbon fiber is used on the control surfaces.
Carbon fibre has exceptional specific strength and stiffness properties desirable in yacht masts.
Carbon fibre is a very strong and light material that contains carbon fibres .
Carbon fibre is a very strong and light material that contains carbon fibres.
Carbon fibre is light and strong.
Carbon fibre is pitch black.
Carbon fibre is used in many areas on race bikes, purely for it's strength and light weight.
Carbon fibre mufflers out-perform alloy or steel mufflers .
Carbon fibre threads dissipate electro-static charges.
Carbon fibre wishbones top, steel lower.
Carbon fibres are much stronger than glass fibres, but are also more expensive to produce.
Carbon fibres are simply much stiffer and lighter than either fibreglass or bamboo.
Carbon films have good electric conductivity and are highly transparent to electrons.
Carbon filter can last one to two years.
Carbon filters are best at removing bad taste, odor, chlorine, and pesticides.
Carbon filters are best for alleviating bad odors or taste from drinking water.
Carbon filters are generally on cold water lines in kitchens or bathrooms to filter drinking water.
Carbon filters are most effective for organic molecules and ineffective for dissolved ions.
Carbon filters are the most common adsorption filter.
Carbon filters are the most commonly used filter to remove chlorine from the water.
Carbon filters are the most widely advertised.
Carbon filters come in several styles.
Carbon filters consist of carbon impregnated filter fabric or granulated carbon.
Carbon filters improve flavor and remove some chemicals.
Carbon filters remove chlorine, organic chemicals, and tastes and smells.
Carbon filters remove the contamination from the air before it is released.
Carbon filtration is probably the most popular system.
Carbon filtration is the only way to remove DBPs.
Carbon fixation is much more complicated than what is shown here.
Carbon fixation is the incorporation of carbon dioxide into organic compounds.
Carbon fluxes are an important aspect of many hydrologic and geologic processes.
Carbon graphite is a natural lubricant.
Carbon intensity is a function of a country's economic structure, fuel mix, and energy efficiencies.
Carbon isotopes are also very valuble for determining paleo-oxygen levels.
Carbon isotopes are fixed in different ratios by different primary producers in lakes.
Carbon isotopes demonstrate open grassland giving way to woodland.
Carbon isotopes reveal soil organic matter dynamics following arid land shrub expansion.
Carbon life forms with infinitesimally small brain matter.
Carbon markets focus on areas.
Most carbon markets focus on areas.
Carbon microphones are the simplest and least expensive.
Carbon monoxide poison has results.
Carbon monoxide acts as a poison by combining with haemoglobin in the blood .
Carbon monoxide acts as a poison by combining with hemoglobin in the blood .
Carbon monoxide attenuates aeroallergen-induced inflammation in mice.
Carbon monoxide binding to iron porphyrins is the key pathway for carbon monoxide poisoning.
Carbon monoxide can also be a hazard.
Carbon monoxide can also cause seizueres, unconsciousness and coma.
Carbon monoxide can be deadly in more ways than the usual one.
Carbon monoxide can be fatal at high levels.
Carbon monoxide can be fatal when breathed in a confined area.
Carbon monoxide can be fatal.
Carbon monoxide can be gauged and eliminated indoors, researchers say.
Carbon monoxide can be harmful to persons with heart, respiratory, or circulatory ailments.
Carbon monoxide can build up so quickly that victims are overcome before they can get help.
Carbon monoxide can cause asphyxiation by interfering with the oxygen-carrying capacity of blood.
Carbon monoxide can cause death and illness and also contributes to global warming.
Carbon monoxide can cause drowsiness, nausea and potentially death.
Carbon monoxide can cause fatigue, dizziness, nausea, and death.
Carbon monoxide can cause headaches and drowsiness, and even death at very high concentrations.
Carbon monoxide can cause injuries to health, see here.
Carbon monoxide can collect within a boat in a variety of ways.
Carbon monoxide can enter the cockpit without a detectable exhaust smell.
Carbon monoxide can escape from any fuel-burning appliance or furnace.
Carbon monoxide can kill.
Carbon monoxide can lead to worker illness.
Carbon monoxide can produce headaches, fatigue, sore throats and nausea.
Carbon monoxide can produce tiredness and headaches.
Carbon monoxide can rapidly build up in any indoor area.
Carbon monoxide can seep into the cabin of the vehicle.
Carbon monoxide can spill from vent connections in poorly maintained or blocked chimneys.
Carbon monoxide causes a greater lack of oxygen in non-smokers.
Carbon monoxide causes cardiac, circulatory and respiratory problems.
Carbon monoxide causes dizziness, headaches, throat irritation, and nausea.
Carbon monoxide causes more poisoning deaths today than any other substance.
Carbon monoxide causes suffocation and becomes the greenhouse gas.
Carbon monoxide comes largely from incomplete fuel combustion in motor vehicles.
Carbon monoxide cuts down the amount of oxygen that red blood cells can carry through the body.
Carbon monoxide decreases the body's ability to carry oxygen to tissues.
Carbon monoxide detecting alarms are also available for continuous testing.
Carbon monoxide does.
Carbon monoxide enters the bloodstream and reduces oxygen delivery to the body's organs and tissues.
Carbon monoxide gets in the blood, too.
Carbon monoxide has a greater attraction to the hemoglobin of blood than oxygen does.
Carbon monoxide has an odor.
Carbon monoxide has effects.
Carbon monoxide has no color, taste, or odor.
Carbon monoxide has no odor, no color and no taste .
Carbon monoxide has no odor, no color and no taste.
Carbon monoxide has no smell, color or taste, but it can kill someone in a few minutes.
Carbon monoxide has no smell.
Carbon monoxide impairs the body's ability to use oxygen.
Carbon monoxide inhibits the blood's capacity to carry oxygen.
Carbon monoxide interferes with the blood s ability to carry oxygen to the brain.
Carbon monoxide interferes with the blood's ability to carry oxygen.
Carbon monoxide interferes with the blood's ability to transport oxygen to cells and tissues.
Carbon monoxide interferes with the distribution of oxygen in the blood to the rest of the body.
Carbon monoxide interupts the delivery of oxygen in the blood stream.
Carbon monoxide is a by product of the flue gasses created by any gas burning appliance.
Carbon monoxide is a by-product of combustion of fossil fuels.
Carbon monoxide is a by-product of combustion that comes almost entirely from motor vehicles.
Carbon monoxide is a by-product of combustion, present whenever fuel is burned.
Carbon monoxide is a byproduct of combustion.
Carbon monoxide is a byproduct of incomplete combustion of ordinary fuels.
Carbon monoxide is a by-product of incomplete combustion, present whenever fuel is burned.
Carbon monoxide is a by-product of incomplete combustion.
Carbon monoxide is a byproduct of the incomplete burning of fuels.
Carbon monoxide is a by-product when fuel burns.
Carbon monoxide is a clear odorless gas that reduces the blood's ability to carry oxygen.
Carbon monoxide is a clear, odorless gas, produced by combustion.
Carbon monoxide is a colorless and odorless gas that usually goes unnoticed without a detector.
Carbon monoxide is a colorless, oderless gas that is highly toxic.
Carbon monoxide is a colorless, odorless and poisonous gas.
Carbon monoxide is a colorless, odorless and tasteless gas that can kill a person within two hours.
Carbon monoxide is a colorless, odorless and tasteless gas.
Carbon monoxide is a colorless, odorless gas produced by all gasoline engines.
Carbon monoxide is a colorless, odorless gas produced by burning any fuel.
Carbon monoxide is a colorless, odorless gas that can be deadly.
Carbon monoxide is a colorless, odorless gas that can cause suffocation and death at high levels.
Carbon monoxide is a colorless, odorless gas that forms when fuel is burned.
Carbon monoxide is a colorless, odorless gas that has about the same specific weight of air.
Carbon monoxide is a colorless, odorless gas that is difficult to detect.
Carbon monoxide is a colorless, odorless gas that is formed from incomplete combustion.
Carbon monoxide is a colorless, odorless gas that is produced when any fuel is incompletely burned.
Carbon monoxide is a colorless, odorless gas that results from burning fuels.
Carbon monoxide is a colorless, odorless gas that results from combustion appliances that burn fuel.
Carbon monoxide is a colorless, odorless gas.
Carbon monoxide is a colorless, odorless toxic gas and is a by-product of incomplete combustion.
Carbon monoxide is a colorless, odorless, and a poisonous gas at high concentrations.
Carbon monoxide is a colorless, odorless, and tasteless gas contained in exhaust fumes.
Carbon monoxide is a colorless, odorless, deadly gas.
Carbon monoxide is a colorless, odorless, invisible, and very toxic gas.
Carbon monoxide is a colorless, odorless, poisonous byproduct of combustion.
Carbon monoxide is a colorless, odorless, tasteless and potentially dangerous gas.
Carbon monoxide is a colorless, odorless, tasteless gas against which humans have no protection.
Carbon monoxide is a colorless, odorless, tasteless gas that results from burning fuel.
Carbon monoxide is a colorless, odorless, tasteless gas.
Carbon monoxide is a colorless, odorless, toxic gas.
Carbon monoxide is a colorless, tasteless, odorless gas that is slightly lighter than air.
Carbon monoxide is a colourless, odourless gas.
Carbon monoxide is a colourless, odourless, poisonous gas.
Carbon monoxide is a commercially important chemical.
Carbon monoxide is a common by-product of all home furnaces and appliances that use flammable fuel.
Carbon monoxide is a common by-product of combustion, present whenever fossil fuels are burned.
Carbon monoxide is a common indoor air contaminant.
Carbon monoxide is a common pollutant and a by-product of biomass burning.
Carbon monoxide is a cumulative poison which can rise to harmful levels in the body in minutes.
Carbon monoxide is a cumulative poison.
Carbon monoxide is a dangerous gas in air pollution.
Carbon monoxide is a deadly gas that results from smoking cigarettes.
Carbon monoxide is a deadly gas.
Carbon monoxide is a flammable and potentially explosive gas.
Carbon monoxide is a gas formed as a by-product of combustion.
Carbon monoxide is a gas formed when organic substances burn.
Carbon monoxide is a gas produced by incomplete combustion and is produced by every fire.
Carbon monoxide is a gas that is odorless, colorless and tasteless but very toxic.
Carbon monoxide is a gas that is odorless, colorless and tasteless, but very toxic.
Carbon monoxide is a gas that is usually produced from combustion.
Carbon monoxide is a gray colored gas with an odor like rotten eggs.
Carbon monoxide is a great danger.
Carbon monoxide is a humane fumigating gas.
Carbon monoxide is a leading cause of fatal poisonings in America today.
Carbon monoxide is a more active reductor than sulfur dioxide.
Carbon monoxide is a nasty, odorless gas.
Carbon monoxide is a natural by-product of combustion, present whenever fuel is burned.
Carbon monoxide is a natural by-product of incomplete combustion.
Carbon monoxide is a normal by-product of combustion.
Carbon monoxide is a particularly dangerous indoor air pollutant.
Carbon monoxide is a poison for any air-breathing animal.
Carbon monoxide is a poison that starves the body of oxygen.
Carbon monoxide is a poisonous gas produced by the burning of fuel.
Carbon monoxide is a poisonous gas.
Carbon monoxide is a polar molecule with the oxygen end being slightly positive.
Carbon monoxide is a pollutant that is mainly produced by cars .
Carbon monoxide is a potentially deadly gas that's odorless, tasteless, and invisible.
Carbon monoxide is a primary danger.
Carbon monoxide is a relatively rapid and effective method of euthanasia for birds.
Carbon monoxide is a result of the incomplete burning of fuel in combustion-based systems.
Carbon monoxide is a reversible blood poison.
Carbon monoxide is a silent, deadly killer.
Carbon monoxide is a slow killer as well.
Carbon monoxide is a sneaky killer, a silent killer.
Carbon monoxide is a strong reductant.
Carbon monoxide is a tasteless, odourless killer.
Carbon monoxide is a tracer of molecular gas, which is the fuel for star formation.
Carbon monoxide is a very toxic gas that is odorless, colorless, and tasteless.
Carbon monoxide is a waste product of cigarette smoking and also of gasoline engines.
Carbon monoxide is also a constituent of tobacco smoke.
Carbon monoxide is also a deadly poison.
Carbon monoxide is also an excellent tracer for observing global transport in the troposphere.
Carbon monoxide is also an ozone precursor.
Carbon monoxide is among the many toxic chemicals present in tobacco smoke.
Carbon monoxide is an example of a substance which is damaging to humans .
Carbon monoxide is an example of a substance which is damaging to humans.
Carbon monoxide is an extremely dangerous poison.
Carbon monoxide is an extremely hazardous gas with no odor, color, or taste.
Carbon monoxide is an extremely poisonous gas.
Carbon monoxide is an industrial gas that has many applications in bulk chemicals manufacturing.
Carbon monoxide is an invisible gas that can overcome a person without warning.
Carbon monoxide is an invisible, odorless gas which replaces oxygen in the bloodstream.
Carbon monoxide is an invisible, odorless gas.
Carbon monoxide is an invisible, odorless, colorless gas created from incomplete combustion.
Carbon monoxide is an odorless and colorless gas produced during combustion.
Carbon monoxide is an odorless and colorless gas, which makes it difficult to detect.
Carbon monoxide is an odorless gas that is a combustion by-product of both gas and diesel engines.
Carbon monoxide is an odorless invisible, toxic gas that is difficult to detect.
Carbon monoxide is an odorless, col-orless and toxic gas.
Carbon monoxide is an odorless, colorless and toxic gas.
Carbon monoxide is an odorless, colorless gas that can cause sickness or death.
Carbon monoxide is an odorless, colorless, poisonous gas emitted in motor vehicle exhaust.
Carbon monoxide is an odorless, colorless, tasteless gas.
Carbon monoxide is an odorless, colorless, toxic gas.
Carbon monoxide is an odorless, tasteless gas that displaces the vital oxygen needed in our blood.
Carbon monoxide is an odorless, tasteless, colorless gas that is deadly.
Carbon monoxide is an odorless, tasteless, colorless, highly toxic gas.
Carbon monoxide is an odourless and tasteless gas that is toxic in high enough concentrations.
Carbon monoxide is an odourless, colourless and poisonous gas emitted from the burning of fuel.
Carbon monoxide is an odourless, colourless and tasteless gas.
Carbon monoxide is another animal.
Carbon monoxide is another common air pollutant that can reduce exercise safety and effectiveness.
Carbon monoxide is another essential problem in Albuquerque.
Carbon monoxide is another problem in many homes.
Carbon monoxide is another substance that, when entering the body, displaces valuable oxygen.
Carbon monoxide is both a pollutant in itself and a major ingredient in smog.
Carbon monoxide is both colourless and odourless.
Carbon monoxide is burned.
Carbon monoxide is chemical compounds.
Carbon monoxide is colorless and deadly.
Carbon monoxide is colorless and odorless.
Carbon monoxide is colorless, odorless and poisonous.
Carbon monoxide is colorless, odorless and tasteless , and mixes evenly with the air.
Carbon monoxide is colorless, odorless, non-irritating, tasteless and slightly lighter than air.
Carbon monoxide is colorless, odorless, tasteless and non-irritating.
Carbon monoxide is colorless, odorless, tasteless toxic gas produced as a byproduct of combustion.
Carbon monoxide is colorless, odorless, tasteless, and non-irritating.
Carbon monoxide is colorless, tasteless, odorless, and non-irritating.
Carbon monoxide is colourless and odourless.
Carbon monoxide is colourless, odourless and extremely toxic.
Carbon monoxide is composed of one oxygen atom attached to one carbon atom.
Carbon monoxide is contained in the exhaust gases of petrol engines and is found in railway tunnels.
Carbon monoxide is converted into carbon dioxide in a shift reaction.
Carbon monoxide is created by internal combustion.
Carbon monoxide is dangerous because it is colorless, odorless, and tasteless.
Carbon monoxide is dangerous to inhale.
Carbon monoxide is deadly and usually gives no warning.
Carbon monoxide is diagnosed by a special blood test.
Carbon monoxide is different than most pollutants.
Carbon monoxide is difficult for an untrained person to detect.
Carbon monoxide is eliminated from the body over a period of hours.
Carbon monoxide is especially dangerous indoors, when ventilation is inadequate.
Carbon monoxide is excreted from the body in exhaled air.
Carbon monoxide is extremely deadly in an enclosed space, such as a garage or bedroom.
Carbon monoxide is formed because combustion is incomplete.
Carbon monoxide is formed from incomplete combustion.
Carbon monoxide is formed through incomplete oxidation of carbon.
Carbon monoxide is found in cigarette smoke and is produced by the incomplete combustion of fuel.
Carbon monoxide is gases.
Carbon monoxide is generated by gas-fueled space heaters, smoking and fires.
Carbon monoxide is generated from the incomplete combustion of trash and garbage.
Carbon monoxide is greenhouse gases.
Carbon monoxide is heavier than air.
Carbon monoxide is highly poisonous and it has no odor, taste or color.
Carbon monoxide is in the exhaust that comes from furnaces, hot water heaters, dryers, etc.
Carbon monoxide is inhaled into our bodies and absorbed by our red blood cells.
Carbon monoxide is inorganic compounds.
Carbon monoxide is insidious.
Carbon monoxide is liable to self-regulation by nitric oxide.
Carbon monoxide is lighter than air and is a colorless and odorless gas.
Carbon monoxide is measured only during the winter months.
Carbon monoxide is molecular and is considered to be neutral.
Carbon monoxide is much heartier.
Carbon monoxide is much more reactive with haemoglobin than oxygen is.
Carbon monoxide is much more reactive with hemoglobin than oxygen is.
Carbon monoxide is odorless and colorless, but there can be signs of problems.
Carbon monoxide is odorless and colorless.
Carbon monoxide is odorless, colorless and deadly.
Carbon monoxide is odorless, colorless and tasteless.
Carbon monoxide is odorless, colorless, and highly toxic.
Carbon monoxide is odorless, colorless, and tasteless, but it can cause illness and even death.
Carbon monoxide is odorless, very hard to detect, and it can kill.
Carbon monoxide is one of the big killers in fires like that.
Carbon monoxide is one of the eight key air pollutants targeted for direction.
Carbon monoxide is one of the most dangerous elements of secondhand smoke.
Carbon monoxide is one such agent, familiar to smokers.
Carbon monoxide is oxide
Carbon monoxide is oxide.
Carbon monoxide is particularly harmful to people with heart or lung diseases and to pregnant women.
Carbon monoxide is perhaps the best understood of the pollutants discussed here.
Carbon monoxide is poisonous because it is absorbed by the blood in place of oxygen.
Carbon monoxide is poisonous to ALL warm-blooded animals.
Carbon monoxide is poisonous.
Carbon monoxide is present in coal gas and motor exhaust fumes.
Carbon monoxide is present when any type of heating device, which has a flame, is used.
Carbon monoxide is present wherever fuel is burned, be it wood, gas, or oil.
Carbon monoxide is present wherever fuel is burned.
Carbon monoxide is present wherever there is incomplete combustion of carbon compounds.
Carbon monoxide is produced by burning any fuel.
Carbon monoxide is produced by devices that burn fuels.
Carbon monoxide is produced by incomplete combustion of carbon in fuels.
Carbon monoxide is produced by incomplete combustion of fossil fuels, especially in petrol engines.
Carbon monoxide is produced by many human activities, as well as by some natural ones.
Carbon monoxide is produced by the combustion of fossil fuels.
Carbon monoxide is produced by the incomplete combustion of fuels.
Carbon monoxide is produced by unvented gas heaters.
Carbon monoxide is produced during incomplete combustion.
Carbon monoxide is produced naturally by the human body as a signaling molecule .
Carbon monoxide is produced when a fuel burns where there is a lack of oxygen, and it has no smell.
Carbon monoxide is produced when a fuel, such as gas, oil, kerosene, charcoal, or wood, is burned.
Carbon monoxide is produced when fuel burns incompletely.
Carbon monoxide is produced when the charcoal burns.
Carbon monoxide is produced whenever a fuel such as gas, oil, kerosene, wood or charcoal is burned.
Carbon monoxide is quick and deadly.
Carbon monoxide is referred to as the silent killer.
Carbon monoxide is relatively high too because it is a product of the heating process.
Carbon monoxide is released by the driver into the closed back of the car.
Carbon monoxide is released when engines burn fossil fuels.
Carbon monoxide is released when fuels such as gasoline, natural gas, wood and coal burn.
Carbon monoxide is responsible for cardiovascular disease in smokers.
Carbon monoxide is roughly the same weight as air and distributes evenly throughout a room.
Carbon monoxide is second messengers.
Carbon monoxide is slightly lighter than air and quickly spreads throughout an entire house.
Carbon monoxide is such a gas because it rapidly binds with hemoglobin.
Carbon monoxide is synthesized from heme.
Carbon monoxide is taken into the body by the lungs through breathing.
Carbon monoxide is the cause of both deaths.
Carbon monoxide is the deadly gas produced from inefficient combustion in furnaces and car engines.
Carbon monoxide is the leading cause of accidental poisoning deaths in the United States.
Carbon monoxide is the leading cause of accidental poisoning in the United States.
Carbon monoxide is the leading cause of death by poisoning in the United States.
Carbon monoxide is the leading cause of poisoning deaths in America.
Carbon monoxide is the most common cause of fatal poisonings.
Carbon monoxide is the most toxic common compressed air contaminant.
Carbon monoxide is the number one cause of poisoning deaths in America.
Carbon monoxide is the number one cause of poisoning deaths in the United States.
Carbon monoxide is the only constituent for which there is an annual limit measured in tonnage.
Carbon monoxide is the pre-standardisation name that is still in common use today.
Carbon monoxide is the primary danger, and has a cumulative effect in the human system.
Carbon monoxide is the principal toxicant in smoke.
Carbon monoxide is the product of incomplete combustion of fuel.
Carbon monoxide is the senseless killer.
Carbon monoxide is the waste that leaves the exhaust in the greatest amounts.
Carbon monoxide is toxic and has adverse affects above certain threshold levels.
Carbon monoxide is toxic substances.
Carbon monoxide is used as reduction agent in many metallurgic processes.
Carbon monoxide is, of course, an air pollutant.
Carbon monoxide is, of course, poisonous.
Carbon monoxide kills because it inhibits the ability of the body to use oxygen.
Carbon monoxide limits the ability of the blood to carry oxygen to our organs and tissues.
Carbon monoxide lowers the blood's ability to carry oxygen.
Carbon monoxide makes it harder for red blood cells to carry oxygen throughout the body.
Carbon monoxide occurs dissolved in molten volcanic rock at high pressures in the Earth's mantle .
Carbon monoxide occurs in various natural and artificial environments.
Carbon monoxide passes into the red blood cells after breathing it in.
Carbon monoxide prevents oxygen from saturating the blood cells and nourishing the body.
Carbon monoxide prevents the blood from carrying oxygen to the tissues of the body.
Carbon monoxide produced by isolated arterioles attenuates pressure-induced vasoconstriction.
Carbon monoxide produced by the engine can kill, and gasoline can be a fire hazard.
Carbon monoxide provides protection against hyperoxic lung injury.
Carbon monoxide reacts with chlorine to form phosgene.
Carbon monoxide reacts with chlorine to from phosgene.
Carbon monoxide reacts with compounds.
Carbon monoxide reacts with iron ore to produce molten iron and carbon dioxide gas.
Carbon monoxide reduces the ability of the blood to carry oxygen.
Carbon monoxide reduces the amount of oxygen available to the brain.
Carbon monoxide reduces the amount of oxygen the blood can carry.
Carbon monoxide reduces the blood's ability to transport oxygen.
Carbon monoxide reduces the blood's capacity to carry oxygen.
Carbon monoxide reduces the oxygen carrying capacity of the blood.
Carbon monoxide reduces the oxygen flow to the fetus.
Carbon monoxide reduces the oxygen supply to the brain, causing carbon monoxide intoxication.
Carbon monoxide remains in the blood for up to six months after death.
Carbon monoxide replaces oxygen in the blood, and can get to the brain and heart.
Carbon monoxide replaces oxygen in the bloodstream, a condition known as carboxyhemoglobin.
Carbon monoxide replaces the oxygen in the bloodstream, making the heart work harder.
Carbon monoxide results from fire.
Carbon monoxide seeps in from the garage into the house through the shared walls and ceilings.
Carbon monoxide slows the rate at which oxygen is absorbed into the bloodstream.
Carbon monoxide stimulates a potassium-selective current in rabbit corneal epithelial cells.
Carbon monoxide takes the place of oxygen in the blood, causing cells to suffocate.
Carbon monoxide tends to build up in pockets in the poorly ventilated areas of workplaces.
Carbon monoxide weighs about the same as air, and distributes evenly throughout a room.
Most carbon monoxide has effects.
Most carbon monoxide is created by motor vehicles, heating of dwellings and industrial pollution.
Most carbon monoxide reacts with compounds.
Some carbon monoxide improves survival.
Some carbon monoxide leaves corners.
A carbon nanotube is a fullerene
Carbon nanotube is a typical example.
Carbon nanotubes are among the most anisotropic materials known.
Carbon nanotubes are among the strongest fibers known.
Carbon nanotubes are fullerenes.
Carbon nanotubes are grown vertically off a substrate.
Carbon nanotubes are new molecular forms of carbon.
Carbon nanotubes are similar to fullerenes, except their shape is tubular.
Carbon nanotubes are smaller than the eye can see, yet stronger than steel.
Carbon nanotubes are very thin and long tubes.
Carbon nanotubes are very tough and hard to break , but still relatively light .
Carbon nanotubes are very tough and hard to break, but still relatively light.
Carbon nanotubes consist of a hexagonal network of carbon atoms rolled up into a cylinder.
Carbon nanotubes consist of rolled up sheets of carbon hexagons.
Carbon nanotubes exhibit fascinating electronic properties.
Carbon nanotubes get the picture.
Carbon nanotubes has very unique electronic properties.
Carbon nanotubes represent a promising material for nanotechnology.
Carbon number refers to the number of carbon atoms in a chemical molecule.
Carbon paper is available in the guestbook .
Carbon paper is paper
Carbon paper is paper.
Carbon paper is provided for note takers upon request.
Carbon paper is required if regular paper is used.
Carbon pricing is either a direct carbon tax or an allowance paid for permits to emit carbon.
Carbon sequestration becomes economic everywhere and also solar and above all efficiency.
Carbon sequestration can only be a temporary strategy toward stabilizing the climate.
Carbon sequestration is a new field of science and technology, and the costs are still high.
Carbon sequestration is one proposal for dealing with global warming issues.
Carbon sequestration is only good.
Carbon sequestration is possible through good land management.
Carbon sequestration is simply the capturing of carbon.
Carbon sequestration is the conversion of carbon dioxide gas into plant material.
Carbon sequestration is the natural process of storing carbon in a temporary or permanent state.
Carbon sinks are a deposit of carbon.
Carbon sinks are areas such as forests and farmland that absorb carbon dioxide.
Carbon sinks are carbon dioxide.
Carbon sinks are natural areas, such as forests, that absorb carbon from the atmosphere.
Carbon sinks are places, such as forests, that naturally remove carbon from the air and store it.
Carbon sinks are storage areas for carbon.
Carbon sinks are vast areas of vegetation, such as bioshpere reserves, and forests.
Carbon sinks can vary dramatically on short timescales as well.
Carbon sinks supplement direct emission reduction actions.
Carbon sinks threaten to become a giant loophole that undermines the commitments made in Kyoto.
Carbon source is inorganic carbon.
Carbon source is organic, reduced carbon such as glucose.
Carbon sources are like food for the bacteria.
Some carbon sources support growth.
Carbon stars are due to their brightness ideal tracers for such a burst.
Carbon stars are extremely red because of an overabundant amount of carbon in the photosphere.
Carbon stars are giant stars larger than the orbits of the inner planets of our solar system.
Carbon stars are in the latter stages of evolution, and are rapidly losing their mass.
Carbon stars are the single most important source of carbon returned to the interstellar medium.
Carbon steel be best, because it take good edge and stay sharp longer.
Carbon steel has a tendency to darken with use.
Carbon steel has conductivity.
Carbon steel has one coat shop primer.
Carbon steel holds a sharper edge than all except the most finely tempered stainless steel.
Carbon steel is by far the best material by weight to compression load ratios.
Carbon steel is harder but more brittle.
Carbon steel is old-fashioned but it sharpens very easily, and to an extremely fine edge.
Carbon steel is standard material.
Carbon steel is steel
Carbon steel is steel.
Carbon steel is suitable.
Carbon steel is the most authentic sword material.
Carbon steel offers lateral stability.
Carbon steel offers stability.
Carbon steel requires more care as it rusts very easily and also wears away more quickly.
All carbon steel is the softest, and very high carbon stainless steel is the hardest.
Most carbon steel has conductivity.
Most carbon steel offers lateral stability.
Most carbon steel offers stability.
Some carbon steel has hands.
Carbon stocks change over the full range of time and space scales, for many different reasons.
Carbon tax offers social and economic benefits.
Carbon taxes are another possibility.
Carbon taxes offer a potentially cost-effective means of reducing greenhouse gas emissions.
Carbon tetrachloride can also pass through the skin into the body.
Carbon tetrachloride has a low potential to bioconcentrate.
Carbon tetrachloride has a mutagenic effect and induces aneuploidy in several in-vitro systems.
Carbon tetrachloride has high acute toxicity to aquatic life.
Carbon tetrachloride has high chronic toxicity to aquatic life.
Carbon tetrachloride increases the severity of liver damage in rats.
Carbon tetrachloride induces hepatic cell proliferation and DNA synthesis.
Carbon tetrachloride is a clear, nonflammable liquid which is almost insoluble in water.
Carbon tetrachloride is a colorless liquid with a sweetish odor.
Carbon tetrachloride is a compound
Carbon tetrachloride is a medium
Carbon tetrachloride is a probable human carcinogen and also causes damage to the liver and kidneys.
Carbon tetrachloride is an example.
Carbon tetrachloride is chemical compounds.
Carbon tetrachloride is foetotoxic.
Carbon tetrachloride is organic compounds.
Carbon tetrachloride is solvent.
Carbon tetrachloride is toxic and is harmful ifnot handled properly.
Carbon tetrachloride is toxic to central nervous system and liver.
Carbon tetrachloride is very persistent in the atmosphere and can take decades to degrade.
Carbon tissue is a water sensitive fibrous paper coated with smooth gelatin resist.
Carbon trading looks like the most efficient solution to the problem of greenhouse gas emissions.
Carbon absorbs chemicals like a sponge absorbs water.
Carbon absorbs heat from the sun .
Carbon absorbs heat from the sun.
Carbon adds functions to get and set port data without accessing port data structures directly.
Carbon alone forms the familiar substances graphite and diamond.
Carbon also exists in various forms in the atmosphere.
Carbon also flows from detritus to soil to simulate the effects of extensive decomposition.
Carbon also has a limited shelf life after first use.
Carbon also removes discoloration in cloudy water.
Carbon also returns to the atmosphere when fossil fuels are burned.
Carbon appears as anthracotic pigment in the lungs.
Carbon appears as black residue in clear plastic, weakening the repair job and making it look ugly.
Carbon appears to be the most versatile atom for chemistry and water is an ideal solvent.
Carbon atoms bond to form a variety of structures, including molecules that are essential to life.
Carbon attracts molecules which adhere to it like steel to a magnet.
Carbon based carbohydrates represent the energy currency on which all life on earth depends .
Carbon based or silicon based, the process of DNA evolution is strikingly similar.
Carbon becomes part of the cells of consumers through the food they eat.
Carbon brakes standard.
Carbon brings additional benefits of durability, speed and flat trajectory.
Carbon build up in turbine housing.
Carbon Burn Out.
Carbon can add to the cylindrical section of a growing layer.
Carbon can also form branched chains and cyclical molecules .
Carbon can also fuse with helium to form oxygen.
Carbon can also remove trace amounts of hydrogen sulfide gas in water.
Carbon can also travel very slowly .
Carbon can bond to a maximum of four atoms.
Carbon can bond with itself to form cyclic structures.
Carbon can combine with other elements as well as with itself.
Carbon can combine with other elements in a great variety of ways.
Carbon can create a light bike that rides like a racing machine.
Carbon can easily take the oxygen off the ore in very hot temperatures .
Carbon can easily take the oxygen off the ore in very hot temperatures.
Carbon can fail abysmally.
Carbon can form chains with carbon atoms bonded together in linear forms .
Carbon can form double bonds and hence carbon dioxide is a discrete molecule and is a gas.
Carbon can form rings, long chains, or a combination of both.
Carbon can have six, seven, or eight neutrons.
Carbon can leave the geosphere in several ways.
Carbon combines with carbon.
Carbon combines with oxygen.
Carbon comes in several forms, or isotopes, that differ by weight.
Carbon comes in several forms.
Carbon comes in three kinds- dust, coconut shell or granulated.
Carbon compounds Carbon is very special because it can form so many compounds.
Carbon contains compounds.
Carbon copy all interested parties within the vendor's organization.
Carbon copy another individual's notes.
Carbon cycle- The movement of carbon on Earth by the processes of respiration and photosynthesis.
Carbon dating of petroleum sometimes yields absurdly young ages.
Carbon dating of the lake sediment cores gives an approximate age of the sample.
Carbon dioxide partial pressure in surface waters of the southern ocean.
Carbon dissolves in liquid water.
Carbon dissolves in water.
Carbon does have a real temperature problem.
Carbon does soak up the bumps.
Carbon drags other elements around most of the cycle.
Carbon enters the biomass of animal bodies in the form of carbon dioxide.
Carbon enters the energy economy in the hydrocarbon fuels, coal, oil, and gas, as well as wood.
Carbon enters the oceans from the geosphere in a form called bicarbonate.
Carbon exists as a free mineral in graphite and diamond.
Carbon exists freely as graphite and diamond.
Carbon exists in many different forms.
Carbon exists in several forms as it moves through the carbon cycle.
Carbon exists in the atmosphere as the compound carbon dioxide.
Carbon faces that have been pressed into a metal holder have special flatness problems.
Carbon falls to the bottom in various forms.
Carbon flows likely to be relevant to a monitoring program for the forestry carbon offset project.
Carbon flows through the atmosphere in a continuous cycle.
Carbon follows a certain route on earth, called the carbon cycle.
Carbon forms a large number of compounds, more than any other element.
Carbon forms compounds.
Carbon forms four bonds.
Carbon forms the backbone of many plants biomolecules, including starches and cellulose.
Carbon forms the skeleton of all organic molecules.
Carbon forms two well-known allotropes, graphite and diamond.
Carbon fuses to oxygen.
Carbon gives the best stored energy to weight ratio of any element.
Carbon goes off as a gas when the plant is bm'ned in air.
Carbon goes off as a gas when the plant is burned in air.
Carbon has (part) atoms.
Carbon has atomic mass.
Carbon has bonds.
Carbon has different forms or 'allotropes', including diamond, graphite and fullerenes.
Carbon has different values.
Carbon has higher elasticity than fiberglass in tension.
Carbon has many allotropes each having very different physical properties from the other.
Carbon has many different structures or allotropes.
Carbon has many surprise properties.
Carbon has many unique properties.
Carbon has mass.
Carbon has no control over the surcharging policies of other institutions.
Carbon has properties.
Carbon has six protons and six electrons.
Carbon has two isotopes.
Carbon has two stable, naturally occurring isotopes .
Carbon has two unique features that make it a remarkable atom for life.
Carbon has unique properties.
Carbon has values.
Carbon is a basic element for all life forms.
Carbon is a chemical element vital to all living things and is present in many non-living things.
Carbon is a clean, picturesque town lined with trees.
Carbon is a cross-cutting material essential to almost every other industry.
Carbon is a crucial element in numerous natural processes.
Carbon is a fundamental building block with regard to terrestrial and oceanic productivity.
Carbon is a girl s best friend.
Carbon is a girl's best friend.
Carbon is a key element for all living things on earth.
Carbon is a large and smelly open-air market selling just about everything from food to furniture.
Carbon is a main ingredient in the formation of smog.
Carbon is a major component of living things.
Carbon is a major source of fuel in non-renewable energy sources.
Carbon is a non-profit industry organisation aimed at collaboration on emissions trading activities.
Carbon is a part of a wide variety of organic and inorganic chemical compounds.
Carbon is a primary element of life.
Carbon is a primary element that plays a central role in regulating the Earth's climate.
Carbon is a principal cause of global warming.
Carbon is a truly remarkable element which can exist as one of several allotropes.
Carbon is a uniquely versatile atom in the number of long-chain chemicals it can form.
Carbon is a valuable by-product of separating hydrogen from hydrocarbon compounds.
Carbon is a versatile building block.
Carbon is a very important component of plant tissues.
Carbon is a very important element, as it makes up organic matter, which is a part of all life.
Carbon is a very interesting material.
Carbon is a very special element because it plays a dominant role in the chemistry of life.
Carbon is a very stiff material allowing for a rigid hull with less layers.
Carbon is able to bond with up to four other elements.
Carbon is able to make large molecules with multiple bonds.
Carbon is absorbed from the air, primarily in the form of carbon dioxide.
Carbon is absorbed primarily during plant growth.
Carbon is abundant in the Sun , stars , comets , and in the atmospheres of most planets .
Carbon is added in to enable the material to be hardened by heat treatment.
Carbon is also a major component of many minerals.
Carbon is also a part of the ocean, air, and even rocks.
Carbon is also a very common atom and it helps to make up the solid backbone of living things.
Carbon is also an essential compound of the cemented carbides.
Carbon is also available as composite papers and thin self supporting films.
Carbon is also different in that it is incorporated into organic material.
Carbon is also in some meteorites.
Carbon is also the basis for atomic weights.
Carbon is an element .
Carbon is an element that has great affinity for itself.
Carbon is an element that is required for life.
Carbon is an element which forms an important part of all living organisms and their environments.
Carbon is an element
Carbon is an energy source for the decomposers and nitrogen provides the protein for their bodies.
Carbon is an essential component of all living organisms.
Carbon is an essential element for almost all plant and animal life.
Carbon is an example, because it can xlize into graphite or diamond.
Carbon is an excellent high temperature lubricant and coal dust is mostly carbon.
Carbon is an insulator with a very low conductivity.
Carbon is an object oriented database abstraction class.
Carbon is an undesirable element in most brazing filler metals.
Carbon is available as carbon dioxide.
Carbon is black, absorbs heat.
Carbon is by far the most important element in gray iron.
Carbon is called the basis for life because all living things contain organic compounds.
Carbon is carbon.
Carbon is chemical elements.
Carbon is chemicals.
Carbon is conductive so the idea of printing circuits on paper is valid.
Carbon is considered one of the key pollutants contributing to global warming.
Carbon is constantly in the news.
Carbon is copies.
Carbon is diamond, the hardest substance known.
Carbon is different.
Carbon is difficult to obtain at the present time.
Carbon is distributed very widely in nature.
Carbon is electron deficient - it only has four electrons around it.
Carbon is elements.
Carbon is energy to plants and soil micro-organisms.
Carbon is exchanged with varying speed with the terrestrial biosphere.
Carbon is fairly unique when it comes to elements, it can bind to four other atoms.
Carbon is fixed through carbon fixation and released back into the atmosphere in a continuous cycle.
Carbon is formed by a rare collision of three helium nuclei.
Carbon is found abundantly in the sun, stars, comets, and atmospheres of most planets.
Carbon is found as a pure element only in the forms of diamonds and grahphite.
Carbon is found in a wide variety of rocks, such as chalk and limestone.
Carbon is found in abundance in the sun, stars and comets.
Carbon is found in all organic fuels, which include oil, gas, wood, coal, charcoal and kerosene.
Carbon is found in charcoal or graphite .
Carbon is found in charcoal or graphite.
Carbon is found in organic fuels including oil, gas, wood, coal, charcoal and kerosene.
Carbon is found in the atmosphere as carbon dioxide.
Carbon is found in the atmosphere in the form of carbon dioxide.
Carbon is graphite, a soft slippery mineral used for pencil leads and lubricants.
Carbon is green, hydrogen white, oxygen red, and nitrogen blue.
Carbon is in all common fuels.
Carbon is in every living organism.
Carbon is in every organic compound.
Carbon is in every organic substance on earth, and when carbon atoms hop around, things happen.
Carbon is in many places in the universe.
Carbon is in proteins, carbohydrates, and all other organic molecules.
Carbon is in the cycle in solid, liquid and gas forms.
Carbon is in the middle.
Carbon is incorporated in a form with only little bonding to other partners.
Carbon is incorporated into biological processes and biomass mainly through plant photosynthesis.
Carbon is integral to our oceans, air, and soil.
Carbon is just one of the greenhouse gases that contribute to global warming.
Carbon is key to life and by definition is present in all organic compounds.
Carbon is light gray, nitrogen is light blue, oxygen is red, and iron is yellow.
Carbon is lighter and cheaper than many of the materials used in today's batteries.
Carbon is likely the next most important chemical in an ecosystem.
Carbon is located in organic matter.
Carbon is made entirely from carbon atoms.
Carbon is mixed with iron to get steel.
Carbon is more electronegative than any metal.
Carbon is more expensive, lighter, and contributes more to stiffness, especially fore and aft.
Carbon is no longer part of the residual gas and resides in solid form.
Carbon is nonmetallic, silicon and germanium intermediate, tin and lead metallic.
Carbon is now de rigueur in racing and is increasingly common in larger performance-cruising rigs.
Carbon is obtained from carbon dioxide in the air.
Carbon is one of our favorite elements.
Carbon is one of the basic building blocks of all life in the universe.
Carbon is one of the basic building blocks of all living organisms.
Carbon is one of the elements that forms covalent bonds to become stable.
Carbon is one of the most common building blocks of nature.
Carbon is one of the most common elements found in living organisms.
Carbon is one of the most common elements in living things.
Carbon is one of the most important elements for life.
Carbon is one of the most important elements on earth with regard to living things.
Carbon is one of the most important elements on Earth.
Carbon is one of the most important elements.
Carbon is only useful for legacy code which contains toolbox calls.
Carbon is oxidised to carbon monoxide gas, which passes from the converter to a cleaning plant.
Carbon is part of carbohydrates, proteins and fats.
Carbon is part of many compounds, all of which have certain common properties.
Carbon is passed between atmosphere, oceans, and living things in a process called the Carbon Cycle.
Carbon is passed from the atmosphere, as carbon dioxide, to living things.
Carbon is polygamous.
Carbon is present as carbon dioxide in the atmosphere and dissolved in all natural waters.
Carbon is present in all living things.
Carbon is present in every living organism, our atmosphere, oceans and earth.
Carbon is present in every living organisms, our atmosphere, ocean and soils.
Carbon is present throughout the natural environment in a fixed amount.
Carbon is probably overkill.
Carbon is removed from molten cast iron by bubbling oxygen through it.
Carbon is removed from the steel bath through vacuum degassing.
Carbon is represented by a black object.
Carbon is required for the building of all organic compounds.
Carbon is sequestered in trees, and also in the soil.
Carbon is solids.
Carbon is stored and preserved during intervals of low amounts of atmospheric oxygen.
Carbon is stored in four main reservoirs.
Carbon is stored in plant starches and biomass, which can be broken down into simple sugars.
Carbon is stored in plant starches, which can be broken down into natural plant sugars.
Carbon is stored in reserves as petroleum, coal, peat, etc.
Carbon is stored in the atmosphere, in living organisms, and as fuel deposits.
Carbon is stored in the lithosphere in both inorganic and organic forms.
Carbon is stored in the wood and living tissues of trees.
Carbon is stored in trees, plants, soil and fossil fuels.
Carbon is stronger in compression than it is in tension.
Carbon is taken up by plants from the air as carbon dioxide.
Carbon is the backbone of life on Earth.
Carbon is the basic building block of life.
Carbon is the basic chemical of life.
Carbon is the basic element that all cellular macromolecules are made from.
Carbon is the basis of all life on Earth.
Carbon is the basis of life.
Carbon is the black charred stuff on the grill.
Carbon is the building block for the matter that makes up the bodies of living things.
Carbon is the central atom of the great variety of organic molecules.
Carbon is the default.
Carbon is the energy source for the microbes that help break down the materials.
Carbon is the fourth most common element in the sun.
Carbon is the fuel source.
Carbon is the key ingredient for removing all odors.
Carbon is the key.
Carbon is the latest Oridian project built on time and on budget.
Carbon is the leading greenhouse gas contributing to climate change.
Carbon is the main alloying element that creates edge-holding ability.
Carbon is the main building block of life, while silicon is the foundation for semiconductors.
Carbon is the main component of fossil fuels.
Carbon is the main element in fossil fuels.
Carbon is the major element in wood, coal, petroleum, natural gas, etc.
Carbon is the major greenhouse gas linked with global warming.
Carbon is the major mineral component in coal, oil, and natural gas.
Carbon is the major nutrient cycled within wetlands.
Carbon is the major variable that distinguishes between wrought iron, steel, and cast iron.
Carbon is the most abundant.
Carbon is the most important element in soil.
Carbon is the most intense greenhouse gas that's responsible for global warming pollution.
Carbon is the most versatile of all elements.
Carbon is the only atom capable of forming large complex molecules.
Carbon is the primary component of fossil fuels.
Carbon is the second most abundant element in living organisms.
Carbon is the second square in the p sublevel of the second energy level.
Carbon is the single most important element to the existence of life on Earth.
Carbon is the single most important nutrient for algae.
Carbon is the sixth element in the periodic table.
Carbon is the stuff of which life is made.
Carbon is the typical material for coating when microanalysis is required.
Carbon is transformed to be used and obtained by the atmosphere and organisms.
Carbon is unique among the elements in the vast number and variety of com pounds it can form.
Carbon is unique among the elements in the vast number and variety of compounds it can form.
Carbon is unique among the elements in the vast number of variety of compounds it can form.
Carbon is unique for two main reasons.
Carbon is unique in that it can combine with other carbon atoms to form long chains.
Carbon is used as a catalyst.
Carbon is used because it is the backbone of all organic material.
Carbon is used in charcoal and coal.
Carbon is used in chemical reduction at high temperatures.
Carbon is used in steel, carbon filters, pencils, and for brushes in moters and generators.
Carbon is used in storage compounds and cell formation in all organisms.
Carbon is used in the reduction process .
Carbon is used in the reduction process.
Carbon is used only in the fins, rudders and centreboards.
Carbon is used to adsorb organics, chromates, sulfides and chlorine.
Carbon is used to form alloys with iron such as carbon steel.
Carbon is used widely in the aquarium hobby to rid the aquarium of smells and discoloration.
Carbon is very good in tension and compression has great stiffness.
Carbon is very noble.
Carbon is very versatile in forming covalent compounds.
Carbon is vital to all life on earth.
Carbon isa element.
Carbon leaves the soil as heterotrophic respiration.
Carbon leaves the terrestrial biosphere in several ways and on different time scales.
Carbon makes a strong black with a bluish tinge, while bone black makes a warmer color.
Carbon makes branded jewellery, which is sold largely via the retail network.
Carbon makes diamonds, charcoal and graphite.
Carbon makes long chains with hydrogen, oxygen, and nitrogen.
Carbon makes up one half of the dry weight of wood.
Carbon makes up the backbone of the molecule and hydrogen atoms are bonded along the backbone.
Carbon moves through our planet over longer time scales as well.
Carbon moves through the food chain as organisms eat plants and are themselves eaten.
Carbon moves up the food chain when animals feed on plants and the carbon is transferred.
Carbon nanotube composites for thermal management.
Carbon nanotube polymer composites are gaining interest as well.
Carbon nanotube probes with controlled chemical functionality at the openning end.
Carbon needs to be changed regularly.
Carbon needs to share four electrons, in effect it has four slots.
Carbon never burns.
Carbon occurs as a variety of allotropes.
Carbon occurs in all known organic life and is the basis of organic chemistry .
Carbon occurs in many forms in nature.
Carbon occurs in the atmosphere and in water in the form of carbon dioxide.
Carbon occurs mostly in the form of carbonates.
Carbon occurs naturally in and is in all things from stars, to plants and animals.
Carbon offers glimpse of origin and evolution of the universe.
Carbon only films a more trouble to make or more expensive to purchase.
Carbon prefers to have four bonds, and no lone pair of electrons.
Carbon presents a procedural interface of C-callable functions.
Carbon presents the critical issues and controversies which pervade the field.
Carbon provides amazing comfort on long rides.
Carbon provides the framework for all tissues of plants and animals.
Carbon readily absorbs most of the aquarium medications, especially antibiotics.
Carbon removes medication.
Carbon repeatedly undergoes the cycle in order to become essential towards life.
Carbon replaces the silicon in the compound.
Carbon returns to the atmosphere by respiration and also by fire.
Carbon seems to play better, at least offensively on other schools fields than they do their own.
Carbon takes a long time to break down.
Carbon used in the process is recycled.
Carbon wraps completely around the seat tube and the bottom bracket shell.
Carbons are always dull.
Carbons are green, oxygens are red, hydrogens are silver.
Carbons are strong in compression but weak in tension or shear.
Carbon always has four bonds around it in an organic compound.
Carbon often removes much of the organic material needed in the marine tanks ecosystem.
All carbon containing compounds have a certain amount of energy.
All carbon has many millions of microscopic pores.
All carbon is in reduced form, which causes the black color.
All carbon spars.
Every carbon has a single bond to a hydrogen.
More carbon going into the air means less remains in the topsoil.
Most carbon contains compounds.
Most carbon has atomic mass.
Most carbon has bonds.
Most carbon has different values.
Most carbon has many surprise properties.
Most carbon has many unique properties.
Most carbon has mass.
Most carbon has properties.
Most carbon has unique properties.
Most carbon has values.
Most carbon is containe in sedimentary ock.
Some carbon combines with water.
Some carbon comes from wax.
Some carbon conducts electricity.
Some carbon contains elements.
Some carbon contains other elements.
Some carbon contains other such elements.
Some carbon contains small amounts of energy, or radiation.
Some carbon contains sulfur.
Some carbon enters atmospheres.
Some carbon fuses with helium to make oxygen.
Some carbon has additional advantage.
Some carbon has advantage.
Some carbon has conductivity.
Some carbon has more or fewer neutrons.
Some carbon has positive charge.
Some carbon has potential.
Some carbon has significant potential.
Some carbon has thermal conductivity.
Some carbon is removed from the atmosphere through plant photosynthesis.
Some carbon needs for growth.
Some carbon requires for growth.
Carbonaceous asteroids are the most common.
Carbonaceous chondrites are a rare find on Earth because they are very fragile.
Carbonaceous chondrites are among the most primitive of meteorites.
Carbonaceous chondrites are the most pristine, organically-rich meteorites known.
Carbonaceous chondrites are the rarest of all meteorites.
Carbonaceous chondrites are the youngest meteorites.
Carbonaceous chondrites contain amino acids.
Carbonaceous chondrites contain carbon and volatile elements and compounds.
Carbonaceous chondrites contain many of the building blocks of life.
Carbonaceous chondrites contain tiny jewels - presolar diamonds and sapphires.
Carbonaceous chondrites make up only two percent of all meteorite finds.
Carbonaceous debris is common along the bedding planes.
Carbonaceous soils are tough and require heat or ultrasonics to enhance cleaning.
Carbonado is a similar opaque microcrystalline form which occurs in shapeless masses.
A carbonara is a pasta sauce
Carbonara goes home in the summers to operate soccer camps throughout the South Jersey area.
Carbonate beverages have water.
Most carbonate beverages have water.
Some carbonate drinks contain acid.
Carbonate hardness becomes apparent after water has been heated.
Carbonate hardness plays an important role in the buffering capacity of water.
Carbonate mineral water contains carbon dioxide.
Carbonate mineral water contains dioxide.
Carbonate minerals are generally rare to frequent in abundance and, at times, are common.
Carbonate minerals are soft and are often colorful.
Carbonate minerals are the most important non-silicate mineral group for our study.
Carbonate minerals occur in mudrocks with about the same abundance as feldspars.
Carbonate minerals react by bubbling when a drop of hydrochloric acid is put on their surface.
Carbonate rock can also be pink or other colors, depending on the impurities present.
Carbonate rocks are different in different places and at different times .
Carbonate rocks are different in different places and at different times.
Carbonate rocks are found throughout the world but by no means evenly distributed.
Carbonate rocks are sedimentary rocks.
Carbonate rocks are the reservoirs for much of the oil and natural gas production in Kansas.
Carbonate rocks comprise known or potential aquifers in some parts of Alaska.
Carbonate water contains carbon dioxide.
Carbonate water contains dioxide.
Most carbonate water contains carbon dioxide.
Most carbonate water contains dioxide.
Carbonate is chemical compounds.
Carbonate is of major importance in apatite because it very significantly increases solubility.
Carbonate is salt
Carbonate is salt.
Carbonates accumulate in the soils.
Carbonates also give off carbon dioxide when treated with dilute acids, e.g., hydrochloric acid.
Carbonates are absent even below the solum.
Carbonates are absent in the solum.
Carbonates are an interesting case study.
Carbonates are commone to many soils, but are easily weathered.
Carbonates are generally in the form of concretions or soft accumulations.
Carbonates are in some pedons.
Carbonates are in the lower part of some pedons.
Carbonates are present in most pedons.
Carbonates are present in some pedons.
Carbonates are solvents which can be used in many different ways.
Carbonates are the most important chemical sediments.
Carbonates are the second most common group of rock-forming minerals is the carbonates.
Carbonates can neutralize stomach acid resulting in a failure to absorb tininerals.
Carbonates resist increases in mash acidity by neutralizing acids as they are formed.
Carbonates serve as a buffer for pH in water.
Carbonates tend to be brittle, many have rhombohedral cleavage, and all react with acid.
Carbonates usually decrease with depth and are absent in some pedons.
Many carbonates have commercial uses and a great economic value.
More carbonate is thus in solution as bicarbonate.
Most carbonates are secondary in origin, and react with HCl.
Carbonated water contains dissolved carbon dioxide gas.
Carbonated water has a pleasant tingle to the palate which helps to quench our thirst.
Carbonated water is a supersaturated solution of carbon dioxide gas in water.
Carbonated water is an excellent, gentle, yet effective, carpet cleaning solution.
Carbonated water is called 'agua con gas' and still water is 'agua sin gas'.
Carbonated water is drinking water
Carbonated water is part of soda.
Carbonation adds a playful texture into the mix.
Carbonation also can upset the digestive tract as well as deplete calcium from the bones.
Carbonation also describes the incorporation of carbon dioxide into chemical compounds .
Carbonation also describes the incorporation of carbon dioxide into chemical compounds.
Carbonation can be natural or from the addition of carbon dioxide.
Carbonation can cause a feeling of fullness and stomach upset in some athletes.
Carbonation can irritate soreness.
Carbonation causes stomach bloating.
Carbonation contains bubbles that can interfere with the image.
Carbonation greatly reduces the strength and hardness of the affected concrete surface.
Carbonation increases the rate of absorption of alcohol into the bloodstream.
Carbonation inhibits drinking and can cause throat burn and stomach bloating.
Carbonation is a reaction between carbonic acid and the minerals making up rocks.
Carbonation is a waste product.
Carbonation is diffusion
Carbonation is especially active when the reaction environment is abundant with carbon dioxide.
Carbonation is exactly what it sounds like.
Carbonation is kept in soda by pressurizing the container.
Carbonation is nice.
Carbonation is permeation.
Carbonation is relatively low.
Carbonation is the reaction of carbonate and bicarbonate ions with minerals.
Carbonation is therefore a large feature of glacial weathering.
Carbonation is what makes soda so delicious.
Carbonation kills infection-causing microbes.
Carbonation occurs on rocks which contain calcium carbonate , such as limestone and chalk.
Carbonation quickens the effect of alcohol.
Carbonation speeds alcohol absorption.
Carbonation speeds alcohol processing.
Carbonation speeds the absorption of alcohol into the blood stream.
Carbonation takes about a week to two weeks.
Carbonation tends to increase the absorption rate of alcohol.
Carbonatite intrusions outcrop on the road just northwest of the bridge.
Carbonic acid disassociates into hydrogen ions and bicarbonate ions.
Carbonic acid dissociates into carbonates and hydrogen ions in a reversible reaction.
Carbonic acid dissolves limestone by separating the calcium and carbonate and creating a liquid.
Carbonic acid filters down through the cracks and dissolves the limestone.
Carbonic acid helps dissolve minerals.
Carbonic acid ionizes less than lactic acid and so is weaker than lactic acid.
Carbonic acid is a relatively weak acid compared to HCl and therefore is less conductive.
Carbonic acid is acid
Carbonic acid is acid.
Carbonic acid is an effective agent of chemical weathering.
Carbonic acid is chemical compounds.
Carbonic acid is described as a volatile acid since it has a vapor phase.
Carbonic acid is especially effective at dissolving limestone .
Carbonic acid is formed in the presence of moisture.
Carbonic acid is in equilibrium with dissolved carbon dioxide gas.
Carbonic acid is the heart of the natural remineralization process.
Carbonic acid is the largest player in the dissolution of bedrock.
Carbonic acid is used in aerated drinks.
Carbonic acid lowers the pH of the solution making it more acidic.
Carbonic acid reacts with calcite to breakdown the mineral into ions.
Some carbonic acid enters fractures.
Some carbonic acid increases acidity.
Some carbonic acid is formed by rainwater.
Carboniferous tetrapods have heads.
Most carboniferous tetrapods have heads.
Carbonisation is fractionation
Carbonisation means the organism is 'altered' by being reduced to carbon.
Carbonium ions are intermediates in certain types of organic reactions.
Carbonization involves heating to a high temperature in an inert atmosphere.
Carbonization is fractionation
Carbonization is one form of fossilization and is typical for such organisms as plants and insects.
Carbonization is the process that ancient organisms undergo to become coal.
Carbonization refers to the devolatilization of an organic feedstock to yield gas and char .
Carbonless copy provides billing record for office.
Carbonless forms are also available in custom sizes and configurations.
Carbonless paper can often produce a very faint image.
Carbonless paper is also available.
Carbonless paper is available for the note taker.
Carbonless paper is really quite extraordinary.
Carbonless papers provide a number of copies without the mess of standard carbon papers.
A carbonyl is a compound
Carbonyls are biproducts of oxidative damage to proteins.
Carbonyls are compounds.
Carbonyls are found in many natural substances and also in drugs and medicines.
Carbonyls are the most highly deshielded carbons which are typically encountered.
Some carbonyls are highly reactive and play a critical role in the formationof ozone.
Carborundum grit is applied in a paste to the surface of an aluminium plate.
Carborundum printing gives a rich velvety surface.
Carborundum printing is a process similar to mezzotint which renders deep velvety black tones.
A carboxyl group is a radical
Carboxyl groups are able to dissociate.
Carboxylic acid is acid
Carboxylic acid is acid.
Carboxylic acid is organic acid.
Carboxylic acids are compounds whose molecules contain the functional group.
Carboxylic acids are found a lot in food .
Carboxylic acids are found a lot in food.
Carboxylic acids are therefore much stronger acids than the analogous alcohols.
Carboxylic acids can readily hydrogen bond and have relatively high boiling points.
Carboxylic acids give up their protons at acid pHs.
Carboxylic acids have spectra that are even more involved.
Carboxylic acids react with bases to produce carboxylate salts and water.
Many carboxylic acids occur naturally.
A carboy is a bottle
Carboys are relatively easy to find and are made of glass which are easy to clean and sterilize.
A carbuncle is staphylococcal infection
Carbuncle also means a large pimple on the face, or other inflamation.
Carbuncle is certainly garnet here, as rubies are mentioned separately.
Carbuncle is similar to a large boil involving the deeper tissues of the body.
Carbuncles also occur in otherwise healthy people.
Carbuncles are clusters of boils that result in extensive sloughing of skin and scar formation.
Carbuncles are clusters of boils.
Carbuncles are diseases.
Carbuncles are garnet.
Carbuncles are large skin abscesses with several openings.
Carbuncles are less common than boils .
Carbuncles are staph abscesses that are larger and deeper than boils.
Carbuncles involve the same tissue more extensively.
Carbuncles occur more often in men because of their more extensive body hair growth.
Carbuncles occur most commonly on the back of the neck, buttocks, and thighs.
Carbuncles produce fever, leukocytosis, extreme pain, and prostration.
A carburetor is a mechanical device
Carburetor Go here for chapter and contents info .
Carburetor is adjusted improperly Adjust carburetor.
Carburetor is cleaned and rebuilt.
Carburetor is limited to one single four barrel per engine.
Carburetor rebuild kits, components, repair parts, and performance parts for most applications.
Carburetors are mechanical devices.
Carburetors are part of fuel systems.
Carburetors are usually the problem.
Carburetors come rebuilt and ready to use.
Carburetors use the same type of system on a smaller scale.
All carburetors work under the basic principle of atmospheric pressure.
Most carburetors have different jets and circuits for different throttle openings and flow speeds.
Some carburetors have separate needle adjustments for low and high throttle.
A carburettor is a mechanical device
Carburettor needs flooding.
Carcass construction is emphasized.
Carcass maturity is when bone and muscle growth plateau's off and fat begins to be laid down.
Carcasses of animals affected by the disease are the chief source of soil infection.
Carcass quality is excellent.
Carcass quality is good, with most of the fat concentrated in the tail region.
Carcass weight defines slaughter weight, which also is partially defined by frame size.
A carcass is a body
Carcasses are corpses.
Carcasses are hard to find, hard to break into because the surface can freeze.
Carcasses are lean and flavorful, with minimal waste.
Carcasses are organic matter.
Carcasses are the limiting factor in burying beetle reproductive success.
Carcasses burn in a funeral pyre near Hadrians Wall, Northumberland.
Carcasses lay everywhere.
Carcasses lure scavengers, which can pose additional traffic hazards.
All carcasses are to be detained until the results of the test are known.
All carcasses are to be incinerated.
All carcasses go into rigor mortis, but aging allows enzymes to relax the muscles.
Some carcasses measure just one tenth of an inch of back fat.
Carcinoembryonic antigen is consistently absent in both forms of hepatocellular carcinoma.
Carcinogen causes breast cancer.
Carcinogen causes cancer.
Carcinogen induces cell damage.
Carcinogen induces damage.
Carcinogen is a substance
Carcinogen is chemical substances.
Carcinogen is substances.
Carcinogen isa matter.
Carcinogens are agents capable of initiating cancer.
Carcinogens are agents capable of initiating carcinogenesis.
Carcinogens are agents that are known to cause cancer.
Carcinogens are agents that cause cancer.
Carcinogens are almost always mutagens.
Carcinogens are chemicals that damage body cells in ways that can ultimately lead to cancer.
Carcinogens are chemicals that have been proven to cause cancer.
Carcinogens are chemicals that increase cancer risk.
Carcinogens are chemicals that increase the risk of cancers.
Carcinogens are everywhere.
Carcinogens are in tobacco smoke and cause cancer of the lungs, mouth, gullet and bladder.
Carcinogens are mutagens that affect the activity of oncogenes and tumor-suppressor genes.
Carcinogens are substances known to produce or promote the development of cancer.
Carcinogens are substances that promote the development of cancerous cells.
Carcinogens are substances which can start the process of cancer.
Carcinogens are the cause of cancer.
Carcinogens begin to damage tissues, etc.
Carcinogens come from both natural and man-made substances .
Carcinogens come from both natural and man-made substances.
Carcinogens enter our bodies through the air, food, soil and water.
Carcinogens remain more active when there is a vitamin A deficiency.
Carcinogens waft through the air.
All carcinogens are to be clearly marked.
Many carcinogens act directly on DNA causing base damage and subsequent mutation.
Many carcinogens are capable of causing gene mutations.
Most carcinogen causes breast cancer.
Most carcinogen causes cancer.
Most carcinogen induces cell damage.
Most carcinogen induces damage.
Most carcinogens are teratogens.
Most carcinogens metabolize to electrophiles that react with DNA causing alkylation.
Some carcinogen causes transformation.
Some carcinogen finds in cigarette smoke.
Some carcinogen finds in cigarettes.
Some carcinogen finds in smoke.
Some carcinogen includes solvent.
Some carcinogen is excreted by kidneys.
Some carcinogen is produced by fungi.
Some carcinogen promotes growth.
Some carcinogens are used to produce cancer in research models.
Some carcinogens can cause cancer in the children of women exposed during pregnancy.
Some carcinogenic chemicals are completely forbidden.
Carcinogenic claims regarding DDT are unproven speculation.
Carcinogenic compounds are any substance which can cause or contribute to the development of cancer.
Carcinogenic effects are usually chronic effects.
Carcinogenic initiation correlates with DNA damage as measured by the alkaline elution technique.
Carcinoid tumors are extremely vascular and thus often bleed when biopsied.
Carcinoid tumors are individualists that act differently depending upon site and individual.
Carcinoid tumors are part of a larger family of tumors called neuroendocrine tumors.
Carcinoid tumors are relatively rare.
Carcinoid tumors are tumors that secrete excessive amounts of the hormone serotonin .
Carcinoid tumors come from cells related to nerve cells.
Carcinoid tumors develop from hormone-producing cells of the intestine.
Carcinoid tumors grow slowly, and many are found while they are still at an early stage.
Carcinoid tumors secrete excessive amounts of the hormone serotonin .
Carcinoid tumors start from specialized hormone-making cells in the intestine.
Carcinoid tumors tend to have low proliferati- ve rates.
Carcinoid tumour presents considerable problems of diagnosis because symptoms are aspecific.
Carcinoid tumours are rare and few centres have large experiences in their treatment.
Carcinoid tumours are rare neuroendocrine lesions.
Carcinoid tumours offer a diagnostic and therapeutic challenge.
A carcinoid is a tumor
Carcinoids are likely to grow for many years without producing any symptoms.
Carcinoids are of low grade malignancy and have no relationship to cigarette smoking.
Carcinoids are tumors producing excessive amounts of serotonin.
Carcinoids are tumors.
Carcinoids arise from Neuroendocrine cells of endodermal derivation.
Carcinoma is cancer
Carcinoma is cancer.
Carcinoma is diseases.
Carcinomas affect the skin, mucous membranes, glands, and internal organs.
Carcinomas are cancers of epithelia.
Carcinomas are cancers of epithelial tissues.
Carcinomas are cancers that arise in epithelial cells.
Carcinomas are more common in adults and they are probably linked to age, diet and lifestyle.
Carcinomas are much more likely to metastasize to bone than sarcomas.
Carcinomas are the cancer of the epithelial tissue.
Carcinomas are the most common cause.
Carcinomas are the most frequent lid malignant pathology whose presence increases with age.
Carcinomas are three times as frequent in women as in men.
Carcinomas are tumors derived from epithelial tissue.
Carcinomas arise from the epithelial covering or epithelial lining of structures.
Carcinomas arise in many different sites within the body.
Carcinomas arising in areas of chronic inflammation have the highest risk of metastasizing.
Carcinomas arising in pre-existing sinonasal papillomas of the nasal septum are rare.
Carcinomas arising on the vocal fold itself often produce hoarseness as an early symptom.
Carcinomas have a propensity to spread via lymphatics.
Carcinomas like to spread via lymphatics, first to local nodes and then to distant sites.
Carcinomas start in cells that cover external and internal body surfaces.
Carcinomas typically have few, short, non-branched microvilli.
Carcinomas often metastasize to lymphatics.
Carcinomas often metastasize via lymphatics.
Carcinomas usually arise in a single site and spread by metastasizing.
All carcinomas can spread to the lungs.
Most carcinomas have a prolonged dysplasia-carcinoma in situ phase.
A card catalog is a library catalogue
Card catalog is available from their website.
Card catalog is closed.
Card catalog is removed.
Card catalogs are inherently single-user devices.
Card catalogs are library catalogs.
Card catalogs are located in kitchens.
Card catalogs are located in libraries.
Card catalogs are located in stores.
Card catalogs are used for librarians.
Card catalogs are used for organizations of information.
Card catalogs are used for organizing information.
Card catalogs are used for research.
Card catalogs are used for storing information.
Card catalogs work in libraries, for example, because they have an agreed upon indexing system.
A card catalogue is a library catalogue
Card catalogue is also in use.
Some card catalogues are now electronic and therefore unspillable.
Card checks can ease the anxieties of other professionals.
Card counters are simply able to play the game exceptionally well.
Card counters can learn the inside knowledge to protect themselves.
Card counters love a large spread.
Card counting is actually a somewhat misleading term.
Card counting is another technique that people attempt to utilize as a baccarat strategy.
Card counting is simple to learn.
Card deck leads.
Card decks are a collection of postcards sent by mail.
Card decks are inexpensive to use.
Card decks are shrink-wrapped packages of advertising postcards.
Card decks are useful for organizations with some name recognition or excellent product offers.
Card decks come in different sizes for any screen resolution.
Some card decks consist of cards.
Card file is an abstract of information contained in World War II bonus application files.
Card files are mechanical devices.
Card files are often handy for keeping track of media data.
Card files exist on most of the survivors of the prison.
A card game is a game
Card games are a good way to pass the time.
Card games are another popular leisuretime activity.
Card games are both challenging and fun.
Card games are cheap to produce.
Card games are games.
Card games are located in casinos.
Card games are more widespread and are the most popular of all.
Card games are portable, playable anywhere, and playable within short periods of time.
Card games do have a high profile, and there are probably two things driving that.
Card games incorporate addition and multiplication as well as matching sets and patterns.
Card games ought to be at least fast playing and fun.
Card games provide excellent opportunities for learning math concepts.
All card games are predictable and blackjack is no exception.
Many card games are wonderful at teaching strategy, too.
Many card games encourage awareness of mathematics and of the psychology of opponents.
Most card games have just one deck of cards that never changes.
Most card games require no extra playing aides such as boards or dice.
Card holder is responsible for following national and local jurisdiction laws.
Card holder is very stylish and is clear enough to be used as a mirror.
Card holder makes playing games a breeze.
Card holders are also eligible for some prescription discount medicine.
Card holders are also eligible for the weekly Club Card Cash drawing.
Card holders are also more likely to work at relatively unskilled blue collar jobs.
Card holders are eligible for a guaranteed ride home program.
Card holders are responsible for all bills, fines or charges incurred at any participating library.
Card holders are responsible for all material charged to their card.
Card holders are responsible for all materials borrowed on their card.
Card holders are responsible for all materials checked out on their card.
Card holders are responsible for all transactions which occur before the card is reported missing.
Card holders are responsible for any materials checked out on their library card.
Card holders are responsible for notifying golf course of any changes or cancellation.
Card holders enjoy great value, convenient purchasing power, and control over their money.
All card holders are subject to validation checks and authorization by the card issuer.
Any card holder can check it out to view it at home.
Some card holders are comfortable with paying off their lowest balances first.
Card images are of travel destinations and scenery.
Card images change frequently.
A card index is a file cabinet
Card indexes exist for the collections of books.
Card issuers are also free to brand the solution under the name of their choice.
Card issuers are aware of growing consumer unrest and the tendency to sue.
Card issuers are determined to win clients.
Card issuers are private businesses.
Card issuers are responsible for initiating copy requests.
Card issuers can determine approximate income from credit reports.
Card issuers count on customers to give-up and forget about extra charges.
Card issuers face an adverse selection problem induced by search costs.
Card issuers say that students have the same good payment record as most adults.
Card issuers say they have two reasons to charge the additional fees.
Card issuers target teens for latest plastic attacks .
Card issuers urge consumers to transfer balances from other cards by offering low rates.
Many card issuers have facilities to do card personalization.
Many card issuers impose both finance charges and transaction fees for cash advances.
Many card issuers make little distinction between gold and platinum cards.
Many card issuers offer consumers better protection than what the government requires.
Many card issuers offer such a program.
Most card issuers are anxious to sign up college students.
Some card issuers charge higher rates of interest for cash advances than they do on purchases.
Some card issuers submit the rejection information to the credit bureaus.
Card markings are French.
Card payment is the norm for the majority of transactions.
Card payments are very low.
A card player is a player
Card players are players.
Card players can enjoy an organized game of pinochle or bridge at regular times every week.
Card players can take part in bridge competitions.
Card players gather during the week.
Card players meet to play bridge, cribbage, euchre and pinochle each week.
Some card programs verify from a file that is updated daily.
Card readers are available that fit into a variety of ports and read a variety of cards.
Card Readers are available to check the Balance remaining on most major SVCs.
Card readers are in all dining halls on campus.
Card readers are in use at all recreational facilties.
Card Readers are portable and convenient to carry around for mobile photography and computing.
Card readers come in a wide range of color designs.
Card readers connect to the computer by cable.
Card readers cost about as much as a card.
Card readers have tiny parts which can disappear on a typical floor.
Card readers read employee ID and expiration date information bar-coded on the backs of the cards.
Many card readers plug into the parallel port.
A card shark is a card player
Card sharks operate by letting the sucker win big in the early going.
Card sorting is a technique used both to create and evaluate structures.
Card stock covers with comb bindings.
Card stock is called cover.
Card stock is generally too heavy to run through most home printers.
Card stock is light and flexible without being flimsy.
Card stock is widely available at office supply stores and is inexpensive.
Card stock works well, but tends to dull punches faster than paper.
Card suits have no meaning in blackjack.
A card table is a table
Card tables are available.
Card tables extend into the distance.
A card trick is a trick
Card Trick Pick a card.
Card tricks are magic tricks.
Card tricks don t count.
Card tricks using slight of hand, there are original simple tricks available.
All card tricks have mathematical concepts.
Some card tricks require sleight of hand.
Card weaving allows a freedom of warp movement that creates intricate color patterns and designs.
A card is paper
CARD allows to draw loops, bulges and helices in a user- friendly way.
CARD also does some limited amount of compression on the input data.
Card also reviews the specific protocols that sf readers bring.
Card also serves as backup punter.
Card also writes about redemption.
Card appears to be burnt turning it brown and tattered.
Card appears to be written in Dutch or German.
Card are available in denomination of Rs.
Card back has special congratulatory message which confirms the authenticity.
Card based programmers use the power supply in the host computer to save cost.
CARD becomes a California nonprofit corporation, tax exempt in California.
Card begins to drift slowly to floor.
Card believes disabled young children belong at home with their parents, or with a foster parent.
Card blends the spirit of scientific inquiry with respect for cultural traditions.
Card can also mean a flat board that  holds parts for a computer.
Card can ignore or strip SCMS copy-protection bits.
Card comes with a folder to keep and display it in.
Card comes with balloon attatched to card and self sticking tape.
Card comes with matching envelopes.
Card comes with software and documentation.
Card comes with some cool graphics.
CARD conducts public policy research.
Card contain employee personal data, and personal pin code.
Card contains dozens of tips and principles to prepare the presenter.
Card contains separate reference connection.
Card covers with plastic comb binding.
Card covers, good.
Card covers, very good.
Card debunks common myths about global warming.
Card disappears into the remaining darkness.
Card does a superb job of crafting characters that work within family organizations.
Card does make good use of space.
CARD easily handles messy data and missing data.
Card experiences problems in one slot but operates normally in another.
Card expires along with the annual membership.
Card expires at the end of the term.
Card expires in Two years.
Card expires one year from date of purchase.
Card faces and backs all change.
Card fills the book with many fascinating ideas and speculations.
Card fits a short-length PCI board.
Card follow from whatever shops than difficult decision say plate.
Card giving stems back to when English settlers first arrived in the United States.
Card has a tear on fold.
Card has corner crease.
Card has four sharp corners, near-perfect centering and no surface wear or creases.
Card has large, black raised numbers and is marked with Braille.
Card has minor shelf wear and is a little warped.
Card has no cash value and is non refundable through retailer.
Card has no cash value.
Card has some creases in it.
Card have admission to further special offers.
CARD helps register and value real estate.
Card holds good sentering.
Card includes a quote by an Irish poet on the back.
Card includes bat facts and instructions.
Card includes no picture.
Card invents entire races and universes and the rules by which they are governed.
Card is a class object, so it has type type.
Card is a fascinating writer most of the time.
CARD is a focal point for several other projects as well as standardisation activities.
Card is a former U.S. secretary of transportation.
Card is a hand-rendered sketch.
Card is a heavy plastic credit card type card.
Card is a java lake.
Card is a photograph of Taylor.
Card is a very good narrator, expressive and well-paced.
Card is almost out of sight.
Card is also the author of multiple plays.
Card is approx.
Card is bent.
Card is blank inside.
Card is blank on the inside.
Card is blocked due to fines.
Card is blocked due to overdues.
Card is blocked due to the number of items charged.
Card is both outspoken and prolific.
Card is compulsory once central and departmental enrolment have been completed.
Card is considered one of the most scholarly artists in the Christian music genre.
Card is constructed of heavy glossy card stock for ease of use.
Card is credited with staging a seamless political coronation with no intraparty squabbling.
Card is excellent with light creases in upper corners.
Card is excellent, blister is mint.
Card is excellent.
Card is expensive.
Card is fair condition with a bit of one corner missing - see picture.
Card is folded in to fit into an envelope.
Card is free to members.
Card is from a secret admirer.
Card is good in most of the libraries on campus.
Card is great for games and serious apps.
Card is hand-colored.
Card is in excellent condition.
Card is in good condition with some corner and edge wear.
Card is in good condition.
Card is in mint condition.
Card is in near mint condition with mild yellowing on reverse side.
Card is in nice condition.
Card is in overall excellent condition, but corner edges show some wear.
Card is in very good condition.
Card is in VERY GOOD condition.
Card is in VERY GOOD to GOOD condition.
Card is individually serial numbered.
Card is inserted into badge holders.
Card is intact.
Card is issued to individual.
Card is landscaped in design.
Card is limited to one quarter prior to enrollment.
Card is mailed within three business days.
Card is marked and placed back into deck and shuffled.
Card is near mint plus condition with no price tags.
Card is near mint plus condition with no pricetags.
Card is nearmint.
Card is non-refundable.
Card is nontransferable.
Card is non-transferrable.
Card is off-line.
Card is on acid free paper suitable for framing.
Card is on file in the home office of submitter.
Card is on sale at hundreds of mobile-phone shops in every neighbourhood around the island.
Card is presented at any ticket window at time of lift ticket purchase.
Card is printed on cheap paper similar to newspaper and are usually found in poor condition.
Card is provided to each retired faculty member.
Card is punched and has minor wrinkles.
Card is punched minor wrinkling at top and middle right.
Card is punched with a minor bend on the lower left and minor wrinkle near the top middle.
Card is punched with a small corner bend on the lower left.
Card is punched with minor wrinkles and sticker damage.
Card is real security for the real world.
Card is rechargeable by library staff.
Card is returned to user.
Card is rough.
Card is shelf worn.
Card is simple.
Card is slightly rounded.
Card is slightly warped.
Card is somewhat warped, but is still very strong in graphics.
Card is subject to change without notice.
Card is the district's auditor.
Card is the newest most convenient way to enjoy cellular service without all the hassle.
Card is the only means of paying over the Internet.
Card is to be used only by the person to whom it is issued.
Card is to be used solely by the issued cardholder for approved business travel.
Card is transferable to any food service facility in Columbia.
Card is unpunched with minor sticker residue.
Card is unpunched, but has some sun fade.
Card is unpunched.
Card is unused and in excellent condition.
Card is unused.
Card is valid at other locations.
Card is valid for one discount at a time.
Card is valid for one ticket per day.
Card is valid for one year.
Card is valid for the period specified on the letter.
Card is valid for two months.
Card is valid for up to six discount admissions.
Card is valid in Domestic U.S. only.
Card is valid until expiry date shown on the card.
Card is valid until the expiry date shown on the I.D. card.
Card is very graphic with bright colors.
Card is well-connected.
Card is white with blue border.
Card isa paper.
Card just played is marked with black chess king.
Card knows humanity.
CARD Make a paper snowflake and use it to decorate a window or make a great card.
Card offers at any of the official locations and the card pays for itself.
CARD offers recreation and leisure classes geared toward all age groups.
Card offers special internet use safety guarantee.
Card playing on airplanes is worse than arson.
Card pulls it off very well.
Card reads Britain, France and Russia.
Card really seems to have swallowed the religious party line hook, line and sinker.
Card refuses to be drawn into cheap, easy resolutions.
Card remains valid for three years only.
Card requires formatting.
Card saves Treatment off several supply by either prize.
Card seamlessly interweaves adventure with the most unsolvable problems of the mind.
Card Seating Make sure the card is plugged in completely.
Card shows corner wear.
Card shows the slightest corner and edge wear.
Card sorting Card sorting is one of the simplest yet most effective usability methods.
Card sorts to clarify skills and prioritize personal values.
Card spend opposite an three yet lay converse hi-tops.
Card spend opposite an three yet lay wood bats.
Card stops functioning.
Card suffer between the athletic water bottle.
CARD supports projects at both the national and regional levels.
Card take approximately two weeks to deliver.
Card takes approximately two weeks to deliver from cleared funds.
Card takes approximately two weeks to deliver.
Card takes the classic fairy tale and gives it a unique, modern spin.
Card tells the story with beautiful simplicity, wasting little effort on unnecessary details.
Card tends to ramble a bit when series get too long.
Card touchingly describes the love that grows between two strangers from vastly different worlds.
Card tricks online.
Card works fine on it own.
Card works like a debit card.
Card woven bands can range from simple and easy to elaborately patterned and very time consuming.
Card woven fabric is excellent for straps because it is thick and strong.
Card writes about community.
Cards also help avoid errors in pronunciation and help new friends keep in touch.
Cards also offer suggested learning activities.
Cards also provide access to library and common room.
Cards also reward fans individually for their attendance.
Cards Apply now, make a purchase, balance transfer or cash advance.
Cards are a last resort.
Cards are a tool.
Cards are all in Fine condition or Better.
Cards are all subject to availability.
Cards are alphabetical by surname and then given name of veteran within each group.
Cards are also available for businesses and organizations.
Cards are also available individually sealed in cellophane.
Cards are also available on the web .
Cards are also available to other countries outside the USA, rate information is provided.
Cards are also available with customer service in Spanish.
Cards are also available with different credit limits and interest rates.
Cards are also available.
Cards are also free for military personnel and their dependents with military identification.
Cards are also subject to wax stains on back.
Cards are also suitable for framing and make a great gift to send or collect.
Cards are always availible by appointment.
Cards are approx.
Cards are at the spine of the action.
Cards are attractive and digital sound effects add to the fun.
Cards are available .
Cards are available almost anywhere.
Cards are available at all libraries.
Cards are available at no charge to all Michigan residents.
Cards are available at no charge upon request.
Cards are available at nursing units and outpatient areas.
Cards are available at the adult circulation desk.
Cards are available at the circulation desk and are priced according to the number of copies.
Cards are available at the circulation desk.
Cards are available at the general membership meetings.
Cards are available at the office.
Cards are available at the parish office.
Cards are available at the Pecan campus library.
Cards are available at the post office or at kiosks around the city.
Cards are available at thecirculationdesk of each public library in Madison County.
Cards are available during normal business hours.
Cards are available everywhere, e.g. shops, supermarkets, gas stations, etc.
Cards are available for collection at the Loans Inquiries Section of Fisher Library.
Cards are available for dependents.
Cards are available for in various denominations.
Cards are available for pickup at the Library Circulation Desk.
Cards are available for purchase at the front desk, school store, or school office.
Cards are available for purchase at the gym.
Cards are available for purchase from the library's circulation desk.
Cards are available for sale to wholesalers.
Cards are available for trade or purchase.
Cards are available for two days every two months.
Cards are available free of charge to all village residents.
Cards are available from a card dispenser machine near the Library entrance.
Cards are available from a card dispenser machine next to the photocopiers.
Cards are available from a card dispenser machine outside the Library entrance.
Cards are available from issue desks or machine dispensers.
Cards are available from kiosk or phone cards shops.
Cards are available from the campus post office for off campus students.
Cards are available from the library.
Cards are available from the machines located in the library foyer.
Cards are available in baseball, basketball, football, hockey, boxing, racing and much more.
Cards are available in denominations valid for either one, three, or five consecutive days.
Cards are available in money saving multipacks.
Cards are available in packages of ten or bulk quantities.
Cards are available in the narthex, parlor, or church office.
Cards are available in the school office.
Cards are available in two styles and two age groups.
Cards are available individually or in boxed sets.
Cards are available now in Spanish, French, German, Korean, and English.
Cards are available now.
Cards are available throughout Saskatchewan.
Cards are available to congregations at no charge.
Cards are available upon request at no charge.
Cards are available whenever a patron is eligible for one.
Cards are available whenever the library is open.
Cards are available with message indicated or blank on the inside.
Cards are available with optional temperature stabilization, and heavy duty heatsinking.
Cards are available with or without labels.
Cards are available.
Cards are bi-directional, capable of performing both functions simultaneously.
Cards are blank backed.
Cards are blank inside for a personal message.
Cards are blank inside for adding a personal message.
Cards are blank inside for personal note writing.
Cards are blank inside for personal notes.
Cards are blank inside for personalized messages to friends, peers or clients.
Cards are blank inside with inspirational quotes on the back.
Cards are blank inside.
Cards are blank on the inside and contain a short verse or poem on the back.
Cards are blank on the inside and envelopes are included.
Cards are blank on the inside and include an envelope for mailing.
Cards are blank on the inside and made of recycled paper.
Cards are blank on the inside, and come in white or natural beige.
Cards are blank on the inside, with plenty of room for writing.
Cards are blank on the inside.
Cards are both redundant and hot swappable, for ease of upgrading and maintenance.
Cards are cardboard.
Cards are casino quality.
Cards are clean and crisp.
Cards are clever and often animated, but no downloads are required.
Cards are color coded by event and level.
Cards are colorful and attractive and include appropriate amount of information.
Cards are common, uncommon, and rare.
Cards are common, uncommon, rare, and ultra-rare.
Cards are completely visible, readily available and easily identifiable.
Cards are convenient links, or portals, to the on-line world with integrated payment facilities.
Cards are correspondence.
Cards are cost-free.
Cards are currently available to current RF employees and current RF project personnel.
Cards are currently on sale from committee members and players.
Cards are custom designed for each group.
Cards are dealt in succession , and bets placed at each stage .
Cards are dealt in succession, and bets placed at each stage.
Cards are due no later than the last day of scheduled classes for the course.
Cards are durable and interchangeable.
Cards are easily readable and well sequenced.
Cards are easily transportable and are extremely reliable and rugged.
Cards are easy to sell.
Cards are eminently customizable, e-mailable, and varied enough to satisfy any taste.
Cards are expertly hand-painted with watercolors.
Cards are fine.
Cards are free and chat is available.
Cards are free for Catawba County residents.
Cards are free for first time applicants.
Cards are free of charge to Ohio residents.
Cards are free of charge.
Cards are free to all ages.
Cards are free to all residents of West Virginia.
Cards are free to all residents.
Cards are free to any Minnesota resident with a home library card.
Cards are free unless otherwise noted.
Cards are free with a valid library card for one week.
Cards are free with identification showing a local address.
Cards are free.
Cards are from the set listed only.
Cards are good addition teachers, also.
Cards are good for five years and are renewable after that time.
Cards are good for one calendar year.
Cards are good for one entr e at each restaurant.
Cards are good for one semester.
Cards are good for one year from the date they are issued.
Cards are good for one year.
Cards are good for twelve months from the month of purchase at all community recreation centers.
Cards are good for twelve months from the month of purchase at all facilities.
Cards are good for twelve months from the month of purchase.
Cards are good.
Cards are great for that.
Cards are great, thanx.
Cards are half actual size.
Cards are ideal for learning center formats.
Cards are identi ed as a method to allow user roaming and to increase security.
Cards are immutable.
Cards are in a beautifully illustrated box.
Cards are in alphabetical order by surname.
Cards are in excellent condition except to two cards with edge folds.
Cards are in excellent condition.
Cards are in mint to very good condition.
Cards are in the correct order .
Cards are inkjet and laser friendly.
Cards are into two piles, face down.
Cards are issue to individuals.
Cards are larger and longer than usual and are slightly more difficult to work with.
Cards are like design plans that contain both hardware and software schematics.
Cards are located in card games.
Cards are located in casinos.
Cards are located in decks.
Cards are located in mailboxs.
Cards are located in pockets.
Cards are located in stores.
Cards are located in tables.
Cards are located in toy stores.
Cards are lovely.
Cards are more common to send and to receive.
Cards are more than welcome.
Cards are mostly from France, Italy, Norway, Sweden, and they are modern.
Cards are neat and organized.
Cards are never to be handed to the lady of the house or any member of the family.
Cards are nice, but nothing beats a box of chocolates or a classy gift basket.
Cards are no longer about monuments, but more about ideas, thoughts or expressions.
Cards are non-refundable but are transferable.
Cards are non-transferable or redeemable for cash.
Cards are non-transferable to other patrons.
Cards are non-transferable.
Cards are nontransferable.
Cards are non-transferrable to other patrons.
Cards are normally available on registration, or they can be posted if required.
Cards are obtainable from the wall mounted dispenser in each library.
Cards are one of the most simple topics in computer hardware.
Cards are only available on their web site.
Cards are only valid the week of prescheduling.
Cards are paper.
Cards are played, lustful innuendo is displayed, the party disperses and murder is committed.
Cards are positive identification.
Cards are pretty cheap as well.
Cards are punchy, colorful and easy to read, even in a vehicle with bad suspension.
Cards are readable and sequenced.
Cards are records.
Cards are removed before they are taken to the cemetery.
Cards are renewable at the end of the academic year.
Cards are renewable with the new school year identification.
Cards are reusable.
Cards are reversible to form a puzzle.
Cards are safe, safer than cash and cheques.
Cards are sequential.
Cards are silk screened onto heavy plastic.
Cards are simple graphics to reduce overhead.
Cards are small, convenient and safe to carry.
Cards are small.
Cards are smaller than boards.
Cards are so complicated now.
Cards are so much fun.
Cards are some what disorganized.
Cards are somewhat sequential.
Cards are standard unless otherwise noted.
Cards are standard unless otherwise specified.
Cards are still plastic wrapped.
Cards are sub-filed chronologically within each subject category.
Cards are subject to a random check.
Cards are subject to all other signature requirements and deadlines.
Cards are text-free.
Cards are the best strategy for studying.
Cards are the hub of the consumer sector.
Cards are the same way.
Cards are the soul of the game.
Cards are timeless.
Cards are to be in order by the third week of the season.
Cards are to be picked up at the library the week after applying for one.
Cards are to be removed.
Cards are to be turned in at the end of the class period.
Cards are to be turned in at the end of the reporting class period.
Cards are to evolve with further improvements and updates from various contributions.
Cards are transferable and have no expiration date.
Cards are unique, with special designs including paper layers, pins, and more.
Cards are used for birthdays.
Cards are used for business.
Cards are used for credit.
Cards are used for decks.
Cards are used for financial transactions.
Cards are used for flickings.
Cards are used for fortune telling.
Cards are used for games.
Cards are used for identification.
Cards are used for play games.
Cards are used for play.
Cards are used for playing games.
Cards are used for sharing knowledge.
Cards are used for studyings.
Cards are valid at all times.
Cards are valid for one semester and can be renewed.
Cards are valid for one year after the purchase date.
Cards are valid for one year from date of issue.
Cards are valid for one year from date of payment.
Cards are valid for one year from date of purchase.
Cards are valid for one year, and can only be used while valid.
Cards are valid for one year.
Cards are valid for one-term increments.
Cards are valid for purposes of a showing of interest for only one year.
Cards are valid for the current semester that patron is enrolled at their own university.
Cards are valid for three years at which time they can be renewed at no charge.
Cards are valid for three years.
Cards are valid in all the libraries.
Cards are very attractive and show information in a creative way.
Cards are very difficult to duplicate.
Cards are very difficult to find in any condition and the seller can basically name their own price.
Cards are very fun to play with.
Cards are very good for studying grammar.
Cards are very popular and sell better than any other near their price range.
Cards are very simple, and website is easy to use.
Cards are worth the number of points of their value.
Cards are, for the most part, in excellent condition.
Cards attach to car seats and strollers with a durable plastic ring.
Cards automatically expire and are renewed every two years.
Cards availabe for calls from anywhere in the world to anywhere in the world.
Cards be thy name.
Cards become invalid with a change of address.
Cards belonging to the same time line have the same background color.
Cards brings out expression and helps convey the message.
Cards Buy single units, or in quantity.
Cards can also contain terms of credit, tax exemption, sales and purchasing histories, etc.
Cards can also have their edge connectors dipped into the dilute material.
Cards can also offer encoding and personalization.
Cards can also share common elements that appear in the same background.
Cards can be custom shaped as squares or even uniquely shaped figurines.
Cards can be more than pro forma greetings.
Cards can be positive or negative depending on where they fall.
Cards can be VERY expensive.
Cards can be very nice.
Cards can contain a mixture of graphics, sound and text.
Cards can contain text fields, graphics, and buttons.
Cards can cover more than just the named holder.
Cards can even include image and sound files.
Cards can feature decorative, religious, or Santa-related images.
Cards can include messages or be purchased blank.
Cards can include traditional Japanese music.
Cards can manage and control expenditures with automatic limits and reporting.
Cards can retrieve simple statistics, or current news stories.
Cards change color.
Cards change daily.
Cards change weekly.
Cards change with the holidays, and fresh designs appear every few weeks.
Cards come as an unopened pack.
Cards come from schools, scout troops, civic organizations, service groups and others.
Cards come in a beautiful silver and gold binder.
Cards come in a firm plastic card protector.
Cards come in a handy blue canvas carrying case.
Cards come in a reclosable zip lock bag.
Cards come in bronze, silver, or gold and are similar in structure to modern day trading cards.
Cards come in full colour on parchment with envelope.
Cards come individually with a matching envelope in an acid-free clear sleeve.
Cards come out on Wednesdays at a few books and Thursdays at the rest.
Cards come pre-installed to meet bandwidth requirements.
Cards come with either variable or fixed rates.
Cards come with matching blank ivory envelopes.
Cards come with short spoken .wav files.
Cards communicate with the server at almost full bus bandwidth.
Cards compliment a horizontal or vertical layout.
Cards contain a body part of a dinosaur.
Cards contain a description of the map and the classification number of the map.
Cards contain action poses and write-ups on the back.
Cards contain both large type and braille words on both sides.
Cards contain one user interaction.
Cards contain pictures of the story's characters.
Cards contain references to the sources.
Cards continue to be traded.
Cards cost more than other formats.
Cards cost wicked now and the postage is right out of sight.
Cards count as copies of themselves.
Cards count as their face value.
Cards count face value.
Cards Create custom cards with a store-bought look.
Cards Create custom greeting cards for holidays, birthdays, announcements and more.
Cards created on tiger are in a non-indexed directory.
Cards demonstrate evidence of research from multiple sources.
Cards demonstrate evidence of research.
Cards demonstrate extensive research of multiple and varied sources.
Cards describes the cards and how they are played.
Cards determine what piece to play.
Cards determine which player makes a move.
Cards document a fanciful movie, ingenue and singing career.
Cards enrich and impoverish, bringing minutes of joy and suffering.
Cards enter play tapped.
Cards exhibit a visual contrast between text and background.
Cards expire after one year.
Cards expire at the end of academic year.
Cards expire at the end of current semester.
Cards expire at the end of each semester and are renewed at the beginning of each semester.
Cards expire at the end of each semester but are automatically renewed upon registration.
Cards expire at the end of each semester, for both students and faculty.
Cards expire at the end of each semester.
Cards expire every two years.
Cards expire five years after the issuing date.
Cards expire in one year from the issued date.
Cards expire in three years.
Cards expire no later than the end of the current fiscal year.
Cards expire no later than the end of the current semester.
Cards expire no later than the end of the fiscal year.
Cards expire no later that the end of the current semester.
Cards expire one year from date of issue.
Cards expire one year from issuance or renewal.
Cards expire six months after issuance.
Cards expire the last day of the current semester.
Cards expire three months after initial usage.
Cards expire three years after being issued, unless they are renewed.
Cards expire two years from the date of issue.
Cards feature appropriate music.
Cards feature astrological and cosmic symbols, and keywords and titles in English And German.
Cards feature both numbers and colors, so kids can make matches two ways.
Cards feature humorous illustrations of undersea creatures.
Cards featuring the Love Is cartoon.
Cards finish third in both races of tri-meet.
Cards fit easily in a suit pocket or purse.
Cards fit neatly in pull-out tray beneath.
Cards fit neatly in pullout tray beneath.
Cards fit standard size boxes and trays.
Cards flash and disappear in a twinkling.
Cards flip on the screen and the sound of coins falling echoes throughout the room.
Cards form the board and are pieces.
Cards get stolen, forged, lost, abused by their owners, expire.
Cards give cargoesand their rewards for delivery.
Cards give technical specs on back.
Cards go all over the room.
Cards go home.
Cards go into the home cells from low to high, starting with the aces.
Cards has original, animated, musical cards for every occasion.
Cards have a historical note on the back and are blank inside.
Cards have a life cycle.
Cards have a picture on one side and a word on the opposite side.
Cards have a quote on the front and are blank inside.
Cards have a way of turning up in strange places.
Cards have an expiration date one year after issue.
Cards have an old world feeling.
Cards have backgrounds, fields, button, and can accomodate multimedia objects.
Cards have blank backs, except where indicated.
Cards have braille and print.
Cards have braille.
Cards have clean faces with sharp corners.
Cards have colorful background and easy to read text.
Cards have different components used for information storage or actions.
Cards have floral border and stickers include many old-fashion cherubs, flowers and hearts.
Cards have French Markings.
Cards have full color pictures on one side and plain letters on the reverse side.
Cards have full gilt edges.
Cards have identification keys on rear of each card.
Cards have no cash value.
Cards have no limitation of lifetime.
Cards have no standard format.
Cards have no time limit.
Cards have numbers in all four corners for left-handed players.
Cards have point values, depending on rank.
Cards have sketches.
Cards have to be approved by department directors or supervisors.
Cards help students focus on objects and concepts in the exhibit.
Cards help the students focus on objects and concepts in the exhibit.
Cards help to relieve the boredom of waiting.
Cards helplessly mixed, somehow sort themselves out.
Cards indicate information to be used to create records in the system.
Cards indicate minimal understanding of details about the constellation.
Cards indicate specific issues owned.
Cards indicate the company, battalion, troop, battery, etc. of the unit.
Cards is unable to perform because of a strike.
Cards issued by Polish banks carry magnetic strips.
Cards issued in league play are cumulative during the entire soccer year.
Cards list the behavioral steps for each of the skills contained in the book.
Cards listed are available nationally.
Cards made of lighter paper can easily be bent, damaged, or lost.
Cards magically appear, erase themselves and sail through the air.
Cards make a play that compels another particular play.
Cards Make cards from scrap paper and cereal boxes.
Cards make great halloween bag stuffers, stocking stuffers, etc.
Cards Make request cards available.
Cards make up stacks, like pages in a book.
Cards make wonderful gifts.
Cards Making a choice of cards is pretty easy, though there are a few options nowadays.
Cards measure approx.
Cards mutate, restore, shape-shift and teleport with visually astounding results.
Cards never expire.
Cards notify the shelf monitor of changes to their status.
Cards offer plenty of room to ad party details, too.
Cards offer the renewal of friendship and exchanging news, and provide goodwill between people.
Cards only take a moment to fill out.
Cards Play the spade with a glint of mock showing no restraint.
Cards plug into the motherboard.
Cards presented by any other person are subject to confiscation.
Cards provide all the information found on the licenses themselves.
Cards provide some description of collections and indicate restricted collections.
Cards provide the detection levels or the detection countermeasures.
Cards provide the player with boosts, cheats, and other fun un-lockable features.
Cards range from all occasion to specialty dance, drill team, cheerleading and color guard themes.
Cards range from beautiful photographs to more whimsical cartoons.
Cards range from funny to sickeningly mushy.
Cards rank as in the basic rules with the joker always being the highest trump.
Cards received are in and out and it takes approx.
Cards referring to the Seder service seem to get the most laughs.
Cards represent people and companies that the business deals with.
Cards represent plants and animals commonly found in the forest.
Cards represent the lesser gods that are influenced by the rulers of Olympus.
Cards run counter-clockwise.
Cards run in cycles.
Cards Send an online card to a friend.
Cards show physical movements to snap, clap, and pat in a pattern.
Cards show scenes and characters from the program with a blue marbled border.
Cards show the actual pokemon, stats, and moves that the pokemon can do.
Cards shown are examples, as no two cards are alike.
Cards shows a color portrait of a dog.
Cards shows a color portrait of a film star.
Cards sold at federal installations often feature illustrations to warm a fed's heart.
Cards sold by a retailer are general-purpose, in which case personalization is often omitted.
Cards speak for themselves.
Cards spread in a circle of light.
Cards still provide the same informational wallop but feature striking full-color graphics.
Cards summarizing the history of such cases are available for inspection.
Cards supercede the rules.
Cards take much longer.
Cards teach initial, medial, and final sounds.
Cards turn smoothly for fast and easy referencing.
Cards use cloth, paper and polymer clay.
Cards Use materials in the art area to make a card for someone.
Cards use standard postage.
Cards used by other parties are subject to confiscation.
Cards using rotating disks or sliding tabs are two most commonly found forms.
Cards vary in level of difficulty.
Cards vary in rarity.
Cards win three straight before falling to Central Michigan in championship.
Cards work best if they are laminated.
Cards work from any phone.
Cards work great for families, baby-sitters, and gifts.
Cards work in vending machines, laundries and other small-value applications.
Cards work well because they are more durable than paper and very easy to rearrange.
Cards usually have original names to attract viewers.
All cards ace through nine count as their face value.
All cards appear with a serene pond scene in the background.
All cards are actual pictures from around the world.
All cards are also part of the ratings that are received each night.
All cards are available as prints and vice versa.
All cards are available in corporate quantities.
All cards are available in groups of six or twelve .
All cards are available only in Japan.
All cards are baseball cards unless specified otherwise.
All cards are Bicycle poker size.
All cards are blank inside , and await the cleverness and personalized enrichment of our customers.
All cards are blank inside and are a custom created collage of colors.
All cards are blank inside and are printed in black ink on white paper.
All cards are blank inside and some are designed for special occasions.
All cards are blank inside and supplied in a clear display bag.
All cards are blank inside, titled on the back.
All cards are blank inside, -with the cover picture on the back as well.
All cards are blank inside.
All cards are blank on the inside and come with matching envelopes.
All cards are blank on the inside, and come with envelopes.
All cards are complete and untested.
All cards are completely handmade and are suitable for framing.
All cards are different from the first series.
All cards are face-down, spread out on the table.
All cards are for trade and sale.
All cards are free for all and added as a convenience for our visitors.
All cards are free of charge.
All cards are free to use.
All cards are free.
All cards are fully searchable in an enormous variety of ways.
All cards are handmade and special offers from time to time.
All cards are handmade with fabric.
All cards are high quality.
All cards are high-quality, full color and include the jam story on the back cover.
All cards are hot-swapable.
All cards are hot-swappable.
All cards are identical in content to the professional versions.
All cards are in .gif format.
All cards are in a pile face down.
All cards are in a stack, face down.
All cards are in acceptable collecting condition and subject to money back guarantee.
All cards are in excellent condition.
All cards are in Fine or better condition.
All cards are in full color.
All cards are in good shape.
All cards are in mint condition unless otherwise noted.
All cards are in mint condition unless specified differently and are in a protective covering.
All cards are in near mint or better condition.
All cards are in stock and ready for immediate delivery.
All cards are legal for tournament play upon release date.
All cards are mint and have been kept in their binders.
All cards are mint and never been played with.
All cards are mint unless listed as other.
All cards are mint.
All cards are near mint to mint unless otherwise stated.
All cards are NM minimum unless otherwise noted.
All cards are non-bleed.
All cards are non-transferable.
All cards are nontransferable.
All cards are of the finest quality with foil details, embossing and matching envelopes.
All cards are on white cardstock with black, red, or blue lettering.
All cards are one step away from salmon and represent a salmon food source or possible predator.
All cards are out.
All cards are printable by the sender and recipient as well as being viewable in a ny web browser.
All cards are ranked according to their poker value and aces are always high.
All cards are ranked according to their poker value and aces are the highest.
All cards are ranked as in poker, the suit is irrelevant, and aces are always high.
All cards are regular playing card size.
All cards are selfexplanatory and easy to play.
All cards are similar in design as shown above.
All cards are still in it.
All cards are subject to being withdrawn at ANY time.
All cards are the same, except for the logo on the front.
All cards are there.
All cards are to be able to withstand insertion in any terminal without damage.
All cards are to be face-up.
All cards are to contain a button, transition, and sound.
All cards are top quality and contains the UV coating on both sides for a high gloss finish.
All cards are trademarks of the perspective manufacturers.
All cards are turned up simultaneously after everyone has chosen.
All cards are unconditionally guarenteed.
All cards are unused and standard size unless indicated otherwise.
All cards are unused unless indicated otherwise.
All cards are valid for one year.
All cards are works of art signed by the artist and suitable for framing.
All cards are works of art, signed by the artist and suitable for framing.
All cards are, of course, subject to change.
All cards begin face down.
All cards can accept a signature panel.
All cards can be front loaded, to allow for flush mounting of the displays.
All cards carry over from game to game throughout the match.
All cards come in gift box that is red with a window showing the card.
All cards come in sheets.
All cards come with a free map of Europe with the accommodation guide.
All cards come with an attached individually packaged bag of herbal tea.
All cards come with an unconditional money back guarantee.
All cards come with envelope backed together in plastic.
All cards come with envelopes and are blank on the inside.
All cards come with envelopes and as packets can be tied with ribbon for easy gift-giving.
All cards come with envelopes.
All cards come with highly-accurate timestamping.
All cards come with matching envelopes.
All cards come with white envelopes ready to be mailed.
All cards complete, organized, and neatly presented.
All cards compliment our storybooks.
All cards contain descriptive text.
All cards contain designs with each of the nine point symmetries.
All cards contain java applets and are set to popular music.
All cards count as face value.
All cards count as their face value.
All cards count their face value in blackjack.
All cards expire at the end of the school year.
All cards expire at the same time, even if purchased at different times within a year.
All cards expire simultaneously, even if purchased at different times during the year.
All cards expire two years from issue date and are nontransferable.
All cards feature a brief scriptural verse.
All cards feature colorful, animated graphics and optional background music.
All cards gala bingo how to win at blackjack.
All cards have a foreground and a background.
All cards have a single apartment 'outer wall' illustrated on the reverse.
All cards have a synthetic core with gloss finish for durablility.
All cards have basic minimum income criterion for issuing cards.
All cards have black backgrounds.
All cards have driver problems.
All cards have face value.
All cards have new, never before seen artwork.
All cards have the same face value.
All cards have the same items but arranged in different order.
All cards have the same suit.
All cards have the same suits and they are Straight.
All cards have to share the characteristics of any line they touch.
All cards henceforth have value one more than their face.
All cards issued during the game remain valid.
All cards issued in one game do carry over to the next game.
All cards lie face down in the center.
All cards listed are available for sale.
All cards listed are for sale or trade.
All cards listed are for trade or sale.
All cards listed below are for either trade or sale.
All cards listed here are available for sale at reasonable prices.
All cards listed in the table are compatible, to the best of our knowledge.
All cards look professional, and sending is easy.
All cards match with joker.
All cards offered are in excellent condition.
All cards provide reversed reading, are protection coated and come with divination suggestions.
All cards ship with a copy of the voxilla cd-rom.
All cards show a different image.
All cards show accurate text and graphics that relate to the text.
All cards sold by the Bookstore meet the minimum network standards described above.
All cards subject to availability.
All cards subject to change.
All cards support hot-swapping and redundancy.
All cards support separate sync and composite sync as well as sync on green.
Any card attributed to an element has a simple numerical value of three.
Any card can also represent a person or personality trait.
Any card can have a single button to move to the next card, or many buttons to choose from.
Any card can work from any phone, and most can be used for long distance or local calls.
Any card is named.
Every card accesses a special account that is set up for individual students.
Every card behaves differently and benefits from different approaches.
Every card belongs to one and only one category.
Every card can record two channels at a different sampling rate.
Every card comes with an envelope, in a neat little clear plastic cover, labeled and tagged.
Every card has a clinical diagnosis on one side and a drawing of a face on the other.
Every card has a color on one side and a number on the other.
Every card has a detailed explanation on the back.
Every Card has a different image.
Every card has a dragon somewhere in the image.
Every card has a letter on one side and a number on the other.
Every card has a number on one side and a picture of a piece of fruit on the other.
Every card has a unique meaning.
Every card has the same exact chances, as any other card.
Every card includes detailed on-line help, and the program is also shipped with a printed manual.
Every card is blank on the inside.
Every card is dealt face up and partially covers the row above it.
Every card is designed and manufactured to industry standards for compatibility assurance.
Every card is designed to accommodate adults with marginal reading skills.
Every card is different, but each works on a similar principle.
Every card is different.
Every card is equally liable to dealt to the player.
Every card is illustrated.
Every card is in a different arrangement.
Every card is linked somewhere else in the stack.
Every card is mailed with a beautiful first class stamp never metered .
Every card is stored in the database based on a unique word and a random number.
Every card left on the discard pile blocks the cards beneath it, and the pile can get quite full.
Every card needs specific support by the host system.
Every card offers special opportunities.
Every card pictures a comic portrait of a well know person on the American political scene.
Every card shows a different naval side view.
Every card starts each month at zero in all categories.
Many cards also add a fixed access surcharge for each call that is placed.
Many cards are one of a kind or only available in limited quantity.
Many cards charge their regular, higher rate for new charges.
Many cards claim to be graphics accelerators.
Many cards come bundled with some of the programs that the card supports.
Many cards come with a low introductory rate that gets jacked up after a few months.
Many cards coming from overseas bureaus are over a year old.
Many cards depict tabby cats curled up by a fire as a symbol of domestic warmth and comfort.
Many cards don t have annual membership fees.
Many cards expire one year after first use.
Many cards feature people being impaled, beheaded or other similarly grotesque wartime hazards.
Many cards have interest rates pegged to the prime rate.
Many cards have no annual fee either.
Many cards have surcharges for cash.
Many cards have tempting abilities, coupled with damaging penalties.
Many cards listed below are graded, ask for details.
Many cards now require that monthly payments arrive on or before the due date.
Many cards offer extended warranties on purchases.
Many cards offer special rebates or reward points for shopping online.
Many cards use color and artwork if they wish to convey their identity more eloquently.
More cards continue up the board, with blank spaces above the upcoming games.
Most card woven bands are very strong and sturdy.
Most cards adjust quarterly, but some adjust semi-annually.
Most cards are also good at blackjack and other table games.
Most cards are approx.
Most cards are close views of people involved in occupations or pastimes.
Most cards are condom caricatures of famous people.
Most cards are for contacts made over a year ago.
Most cards are free.
Most cards are in A's uniforms, but some are in uniforms of other teams.
Most cards are in excellent and better condition, none with any hint of album removal.
Most cards are in Met's uniforms, but some are in uniforms of other teams.
Most cards are near mint in quality.
Most cards are valid for two years.
Most cards are variable, but the only way to know for sure is to check.
Most cards can display a variety of refresh rates for any particular resolution.
Most cards charge a fee when payments arrive late, after the due date.
Most cards charge a special fee when a cash advance is taken out.
Most cards charge more interest on cash advances than on purchases.
Most cards come with their own proprietary ethernet cable connector.
Most cards display resurrection.
Most cards expire one year after first use.
Most cards fit inthis same manner.
Most cards give name of species, author, and citation of original description.
Most cards have a special effect listed at the bottom.
Most cards have annual fees and very high interest rates on unpaid balances.
Most cards have major problems tuning weak signals, especially when an antenna is the input source.
Most cards have no annual fees.
Most cards have sketches.
Most cards look like they have been drawn by children.
Most cards offer a grace period right after a purchase is made on a card with a zero balance.
Most cards offer one mile per dollar spent.
Most cards offer some kind of buyer protection services.
Most cards only support the first two.
Most cards provide a family wit free admission to a participating museum.
Most cards report without any indication the cardholder maintains an associated security account.
Some card has a hardware defect.
Some card tricks baffle by their complexity.
Some cards accept both types.
Some cards add a surcharge to the first minute of use.
Some cards advertise very low interest rates.
Some cards allow accumulation value toward the purchase of a new car.
Some cards allow for simultaneous viewing on a monitor and a TV screen.
Some cards allow offensive bombardment.
Some cards also have additional information.
Some cards also have an additional configuration that is performed while the computer boots up.
Some cards also have initiation fees, minimum call length requirements, and first minute surcharges.
Some cards also have penalty values.
Some cards also have very minor creases.
Some cards also offer cash rebates or other benefits, such as frequent flyer miles.
Some cards also offer emergency replacement of lost or stolen airline tickets.
Some cards are also available as limited edition posters and calendars .
Some cards are also available for trade or sale.
Some cards are better than others for reaching particular countries.
Some cards are black and white while others have color varying in hue and intensity.
Some cards are blank inside for the consumer to add a personal touch to the card they have selected.
Some cards are definitely over designed, unhelpful, complex and entirely unfriendly.
Some cards are disposable and some are re-chargable.
Some cards are eligible to be used in any of the declared suits.
Some cards are fake and some are real.
Some cards are free only for the first year.
Some cards are illegible.
Some cards are in lesser condition.
Some cards are no doubt too difficult.
Some cards are of general nature and can be used at all times.
Some cards are old fashioned in appearance, some elegant, some bohemian.
Some cards are pretty and others are simple.
Some cards are really strange though.
Some cards are strictly promotional.
Some cards are the unique offers.
Some cards are totally electronic, with a magnetic stripe like a charge card.
Some cards are worth points, as is the last trick.
Some cards ask for verbal responses, positive and supportive.
Some cards ask for verbal responses, which are positive and supportive.
Some cards award cash bonuses, others are penalties.
Some cards can hold more than one kind of currency.
Some cards can support multiple protocols or multiple media.
Some cards carry a slight surcharge to cover a charity donation.
Some cards carry fees.
Some cards charge a fee because they offer lower rates.
Some cards charge more for the first minute on international calls to certain countries.
Some cards come bundled with utilities to ease installation and monitor connectivity.
Some cards come with both types of connectors.
Some cards come with built-in audio of the astronaut's voice.
Some cards come with hefty application and processing fees.
Some cards come with the books, but card packs with more cards can be bought.
Some cards consume a lot of power - modems especially.
Some cards contain affirmation.
Some cards contain details.
Some cards contain powerful affirmation.
Some cards contains Japanese characters.
Some cards count balance transfers as cash advances and charge an extra fee.
Some cards display vertical and horizontal scenes.
Some cards do require flash , others are simply terrific animated choices.
Some cards even give the consumer's overdraft coverage for their checking accounts.
Some cards expire a few months after first use.
Some cards feature a TV in- or output.
Some cards feature animated cartoons while others original artwork.
Some cards feature low interest rates, no annual fee, and instant approval.
Some cards feature pictures.
Some cards feature scenes from the cartoon show, and every single pack contains one foil card.
Some cards force a horse to change lanes as far as possible before moving forward.
Some cards give background information.
Some cards give information.
Some cards have a call-back facility to avoid high local, or hotel phone, charges.
Some cards have a five-digit number printed on the top left back corner.
Some cards have a native API, and special game versions designed for it.
Some cards have a protection cluase for bad or un-useable merchandise.
Some cards have a sign, some planets, some a combination of planets and signs.
Some cards have all three types of connectors.
Some cards have creases.
Some cards have descriptions.
Some cards have historical information.
Some cards have information.
Some cards have low introductory rates for a limited period.
Some cards have minor wear.
Some cards have much costlier calculation methods.
Some cards have no annual fees.
Some cards have no dates but no one knew what that meant.
Some cards have no grace periods at all.
Some cards have no personal service at all, or limited customer service hours.
Some cards have numbers.
Some cards have one or two colored squares.
Some cards have one or two fields of additional information.
Some cards have only one input connector.
Some cards have pictures.
Some cards have setup menus, while others rely on jumpers.
Some cards have special poems included.
Some cards have ten or more galleries listed.
Some cards have very limited mintages, while others are produced in massive quantities.
Some cards limit the lower rates to new purchases.
Some cards occur in the deck more than others.
Some cards offer cash back or rebates for products and services.
Some cards offer low rates for the first several months.
Some cards offer teaser rates, which is a low interest rate that lasts only six months.
Some cards provide additional information.
Some cards provide background information.
Some cards provide backgrounds.
Some cards provide excellent service.
Some cards provide information about heirs.
Some cards provide information.
Some cards provide summaries.
Some cards provide supplemental warranties or other purchase-protection benefits.
Some cards require an updated driver from the manufacturer.
Some cards sacrifice the image quality a lot, in order to achieve greater scores.
Some cards seem to have been given their planet simply because all the others had been used up.
Some cards show residue from the gum which came in the packet.
Some cards show scars.
Some cards sit in purses.
Some cards use a small jumper block on the face of the card to change the termination.
Some cards use a variable rate system.
Some cards use an adapter cable that allows the telephone cord or network cable to be plugged in.
Some cards use different hardware parameters.
Some cards use four TLD chips, arraigned as two pairs, to measure neutron dose.
Some cards use six minute rounding.
Some cards use the same jack for speaker out and line out.
Some cards waive annual fees under certain circumstances.
Cardamom flower is bisexual and is adapted to entomophilous type of pollination.
Cardamom flower is bisexual.
Cardamom oil extracts from cardamom seeds.
Cardamom oil extracts from seeds.
Cardamom oil features a warming effect.
Cardamom oil has advantageous properties such as antibacterial, antispasmodic, etc.
Cardamom oil is additionally therapeutic for our hair to some degree.
Cardamom oil is produced commercially using crushed fruits.
Some cardamom oil has inflammation.
Cardamom plants grow in areas.
Cardamom plants grow in shady areas.
Cardamom plants thrive in areas.
Cardamom plants thrive in shade areas.
Cardamom seeds provide evidence.
Cardamom seeds provide scientific evidence.
Most cardamom seeds provide evidence.
Most cardamom seeds provide scientific evidence.
Cardamom seedlings are raised in primary and secondary nurseries.
Cardamom tea is a very famous beverage, along with ginger tea, in India.
Cardamom tea is as famous as the ginger varieties in India.
A cardamom is a seasoning
Cardamom contains vitamin C which is a powerful antioxidant.
Cardamom isa herb.
Cardamoms are essential for the flavour.
Cardamoms have (part) cell membranes.
Cardamoms have (part) cells.
Cardamoms have (part) corpi.
Cardamoms have (part) cytoplasm.
Cardamoms have (part) nuclei.
Cardamoms have (part) plasma membranes.
Cardamoms have (part) sections.
Cardamoms have (part) vacuoles.
Cardamoms have (part) vegetables.
Cardamoms have antibacterial properties.
Cardamoms have aroma.
Cardamoms have benefits.
Cardamoms have even green leaves on long stalks, which are spicily aromatic when bruised.
Cardamoms have properties.
Cardamoms have smooth green leaves on long stalks, which are spicily scented when bruised.
Cardamoms have taste.
Cardamoms improve digestion.
Cardamoms possess antibacterial properties which prevent the scalp from infections and irritation.
Cardamoms require moisture.
Most cardamoms have antibacterial properties.
Most cardamoms have aroma.
Most cardamoms have benefits.
Most cardamoms have properties.
Most cardamoms improve digestion.
Most cardamoms require moisture.
Some cardamoms attract attention.
Some cardamoms belong to families.
Some cardamoms contain zinc.
Some cardamoms grow in shades.
Some cardamoms grow tracts.
Some cardamoms have cancer.
Some cardamoms have chemical compounds.
Some cardamoms have compounds.
Some cardamoms have fleshy rhizomes.
Some cardamoms have flowers.
Some cardamoms have gorgeous flowers.
Some cardamoms have numerous chemical compounds.
Some cardamoms have numerous compounds.
Some cardamoms have rhizomes.
Some cardamoms help digestion.
Some cardamoms improve health.
Some cardamoms improve oral health.
Some cardamoms provide relief.
Some cardamoms reach height.
Some cardamoms receive rainfall.
Some cardamoms require growth.
Some cardamoms retain aroma.
Cardboard boxes are also available to carry the groceries.
Cardboard boxes are great to chew and climb in and out of.
Cardboard boxes are preferred.
Cardboard boxes are recyclable too.
Cardboard boxes are recyclable.
Cardboard boxes are suitable, but cut several holes in the sides and top.
Cardboard boxes are to be flattened by the individual.
Cardboard boxes attract insect pests, which in turn attract spiders.
Cardboard boxes come in a wide range of sizes.
Cardboard boxes contain pictures, papers and other household items.
Cardboard boxes draped in fabric are great for displaying a centerpiece and the chafing dishes.
Cardboard boxes hold the family's few possessions.
Cardboard boxes hold the print version of periodicals.
Cardboard boxes line the garage.
Cardboard boxes make wonderful costumes.
Cardboard boxes turn into racing cars, shoes into boats and teddy bears into patients.
Cardboard boxes work fine and provide an opportunity for the sponsor to personalize the food drive.
Cardboard boxs are boxs.
Cardboard boxs are casings.
Cardboard boxs are located in garages.
Cardboard boxs are located in houses.
Cardboard boxs are located in post offices.
Cardboard boxs are located in trash.
Cardboard boxs are located in warehouses.
Any cardboard boxes are to be deposited into or near the recyclable paper basket.
Some cardboard boxes fill with materials.
Some cardboard boxes fill with pack materials.
Cardboard boxes from the cabinets serve as a great floor protectant.
Cardboard boxes with plastic or wax coatings are usually unacceptable.
Cardboard can also if there is no wax coating and clean all of the packaging materials.
Cardboard can make all kinds of displays.
Cardboard can make any floor an ice rink.
Cardboard cover with leather corners and spine.
Cardboard cover with leather spine and corners.
Cardboard cover with thin paper pages.
Cardboard covers and leather spine and corners.
Cardboard gives paper cuts that look like machete wounds and hurt real bad.
Cardboard has clear center.
Cardboard is a packing
Cardboard is broken down and stacked next to the recycling bins for collection.
Cardboard is broken down, stacked, and picked up by a cardboard recycler.
Cardboard is collected and baled on site.
Cardboard is collected at all transfer stations.
Cardboard is collected in large green colored dumpsters.
Cardboard is everywhere.
Cardboard is high in demand.
Cardboard is located in boxs.
Cardboard is located in cartons.
Cardboard is located in packaging materials.
Cardboard is located in packaging.
Cardboard is located in recycle bins.
Cardboard is located in recycling bins.
Cardboard is located in warehouses.
Cardboard is marketed and transported directly to mills.
Cardboard is paper
Cardboard is paper.
Cardboard is pretty dusty.
Cardboard is to be collected three times per week.
Cardboard is versatile, extremely strong and durable.
Cardboard isa material.
Cardboard isa paper.
Cardboard isa stuff.
Cardboard prevents light.
Cardboard records boxes with removable lids are inexpensive and easy to use.
Cardboard rolls from paper towels make great totem poles, telescopes, and holiday decorations.
Cardboard sleeves with no window is available in white only.
Cardboard supporting characters, predictable and an off-track subplot keep it from being great.
Cardboard works very well.
All cardboard goes with regular trash.
Most cardboard collected in Manitoba is sold to companies on the West Coast.
Most cardboard prevents light.
Some cardboard soaks in salt water.
Some cardboard soaks in water.
Some cardboard trays hold containers.
CardBus modems are usually winmodems much like PCI modems.
CardBus technology brings desktop PCI power management features to the laptop environment.
CardBus technology maximizes data throughput, for convenient connections anytime, anywhere globally.
Cardean courses are available to everyone.
Cardean courses are unlike traditional college courses.
Cardean courses combine premier business content in an engaging, online environment.
Carded connectors are easier to order, stock, inventory and sell compared to loose connectors.
Carded examples are extremely rare to find, and price guides undervalue it as usual.
Carded wool is difficult to separate for most crafts.
A cardholder is a holder
Cardholder agrees to be responsible for damage or loss of any product rented under their account.
Cardholder is billed directly and is personally liable for expenses incurred.
Cardholder is responsible for any loss due to lost or stolen cards.
Cardholder is responsible for getting an itemized receipt for every purchase.
Cardholder is responsible for maintaining a pricing agreement from vendor for their records.
Cardholder is the individual who sign the application form for the subscription of the service.
Cardholder is the name printed on the card and the only authorised person to use it.
Cardholder makes purchases and obtains appropriate receipt documentation.
Cardholder purchases goods, obtains receipts and arranges for delivery of goods.
Cardholder receives statements and pays issuer.
Cardholder receives their credit card statement and sends payment.
Cardholder then accesses FIMS daily and reconciles each transaction as it appears on their account.
Cardholders access personal data either by a hotlink or by a designated Web address.
Cardholders also seek tips for better usage of credit card.
Cardholders are accountable for all discrepancies.
Cardholders are also eligible for airfare and travel discounts.
Cardholders are card players.
Cardholders are eligible to receive registration slips for all promotions.
Cardholders are free to settle their dues by making payment through any authorised dealer.
Cardholders are holders.
Cardholders are liable for any fines, fees or charges related to overdue or lost materials.
Cardholders are procurement officials.
Cardholders are responsable for all charges.
Cardholders are responsible for all charges made to the card.
Cardholders are responsible for all charges made to their cards and for paying their cards on time.
Cardholders are responsible for all checked-out items.
Cardholders are responsible for all items checked out on their cards.
Cardholders are responsible for all materials borrowed on their cards.
Cardholders are responsible for all materials checked out on their card.
Cardholders are responsible for all materials checked out on their cards.
Cardholders are responsible for all materials checked out on their library card.
Cardholders are responsible for all tee times made.
Cardholders are responsible for any use of their card.
Cardholders are responsible for assuring full payment is made promptly to avoid delinquency.
Cardholders are responsible for ensuring all transactions are processed in a timely manner.
Cardholders are responsible for items checked out until the card is reported lost.
Cardholders are responsible for lost or damaged material.
Cardholders are responsible for the payment of their charges.
Cardholders are responsible for their own actions as well as the actions of their guests.
Cardholders are responsible to see that their account stays current.
Cardholders buy at a discount, further reducing living costs.
Cardholders can access the O-card application from participating issuer Web sites.
Cardholders can also save on travel , insurance, financial and automotive services.
Cardholders can always increase the purchasing power by referring others.
Cardholders can always increase their purchasing power when they refer others.
Cardholders can automatically receive free or discounted items.
Cardholders can change postal and email addresses on file.
Cardholders can charge every day purchases as well as travel expenses.
Cardholders can conference up to six people on a single phone call.
Cardholders can download additional software.
Cardholders can earn points for both on- and offline transactions.
Cardholders can get a transaction report or a vendor activity report.
Cardholders can get hold of customer service reps by phone, e-mail and online chat.
Cardholders can get hold of customer service reps by phone, email and online chat.
Cardholders can have access to a worldwide cash advance network.
Cardholders can ignore the two blocks above the signature.
Cardholders can now make secure online donations to any recognised good cause.
Cardholders can redeem points for tickets for themselves, family members or friends.
Cardholders can search ALL above in any combination.
Cardholders can search ALL databases listed below in any combination.
Cardholders can then add value to the cards for other spending at the event.
Cardholders can use a single piece of plastic for a broad range of corporate purchases.
Cardholders can view their business travel and calling card activity on a single statement.
Cardholders claim the fees are hidden.
Cardholders click here for current price.
Cardholders confirm their intention to transact when selecting their virtual card for payment.
Cardholders discover their credit cards have been used fraudulently.
Cardholders earn one point for every dollar spent on purchases using the card.
Cardholders feel the sting of penalty interest rates and fees.
Cardholders have no personal liability for the costs.
Cardholders have the option to open a prepaid, stored value account.
Cardholders have then no means to know they talk to a non revoked merchant.
Cardholders know that adequate funds are available and certified before making their transactions.
Cardholders look to issuers for greater convenience, faster and better service, and lower prices.
Cardholders pay nothing for cards from issuing members of the scheme.
Cardholders receive additional benefits.
Cardholders receive their purchasing card statement directly from the card issuer.
Cardholders receive tremendous discounts on a variety of products and services.
Cardholders request a credit for undelivered items.
Cardholders sign for the purchase, retain the receipt and maintain a simple transactions log.
Cardholders usually pay an annual fee and a monthly interest charge on the unpaid balance.
All cardholders agree to abide by the current library policies.
All cardholders are eligible for specified discounts.
All cardholders are responsible for returning the borrowed materials to the proper library on time.
Every cardholder is limited to twenty circulating items.
Many cardholders purchase significant amounts of office supply products annually.
Cardiac ablation consists of two steps, both performed in a single, approximately two-hour visit.
Cardiac abnormalities require treatments.
Most cardiac abnormalities require treatments.
Some cardiac abnormalities cause death.
Some cardiac abnormalities cause sudden death.
Cardiac activity is regulated.
Cardiac amyloid presents as a restrictive cardiomyopathy or a dilated cardiomyopathy .
Cardiac amyloidosis is seen in multiple myeloma, presenting as unexplained cardiomegaly and failure.
Cardiac anxiety is a strong feature.
A cardiac arrest is pathology
Cardiac arrest can also occur without any known cause.
Cardiac arrest can be fatal.
Cardiac arrest can strike any breed, and occurs in adolescent and adult dogs.
Cardiac arrest can strike anybody, anyplace and often without warning.
Cardiac arrest can strike people anytime, anywhere.
Cardiac arrest happens when the electrical impulses change and the heart beats abnormally fast.
Cardiac arrest is a condition in which the heart suddenly stops pumping.
Cardiac arrest is a life or death situation.
Cardiac arrest is a matter of life or death.
Cardiac arrest is a serious, usually fatal condition in which the heart stops pumping.
Cardiac arrest is one of the leading causes of death in the United States.
Cardiac arrest is potentially reversible in most cases.
Cardiac arrest is reversible in most victims if it's treated within a few minutes.
Cardiac arrest is synonymous with clinical death .
Cardiac arrest is the most common cause of death.
Cardiac arrest is the number-one cause of death on the golf course.
Cardiac arrest is the second most likely reason.
Cardiac arrest is the single largest cause of death in the United States.
Cardiac arrest is the stopping of the heartbeat and the heart's function.
Cardiac arrest means the heart has stopped beating.
Cardiac arrest occurs suddenly and dramatically.
Cardiac arrest occurs suddenly and is closely linked with sudden chest pain.
Cardiac arrest occurs twice as frequently in men compared to women.
Cardiac arrest occurs when the heart stops pumping.
Cardiac arrest occurs when the heart suddenly stops pumping.
Cardiac arrest remains a leading cause of death worldwide.
Cardiac arrest remains one of the leading causes of death in the world.
Cardiac arrest stops effective pumping of blood to the heart.
Cardiac arrests are cardiovascular complications.
Cardiac arrests are common in a hospital.
Cardiac arrests are diseases.
Cardiac arrests are heart diseases.
Cardiac arrests are rare, as is major trauma.
Most cardiac arrests are due to abnormal heart rhythms called arrhythmias.
Some cardiac arrests are due to extreme slowing of the heart.
Cardiac arrhythmia is a heart disease
Cardiac arrhythmia is a term that denotes a disturbance of the heart rhythm.
Cardiac arrhythmia is diseases.
Cardiac arrhythmia is heart diseases.
Cardiac arrhythmia is the leading cause of death in the Western world.
Cardiac arrhythmias are a common cause of sudden death in anorexia nervosa patients.
Cardiac arrhythmias are common.
Cardiac arrhythmias are often present.
Cardiac arrhythmias are rare.
Cardiac arrhythmias become more common with age.
Cardiac arrhythmias can range in severity from entirely benign to immediately life threatening.
Cardiac arrhythmias can result from hydrocarbons sensitizing the heart to catacholamines.
Cardiac arrhythmias occur much more commonly in children than most parents believe.
Cardiac arrhythmias range in seriousness from insignificant to the life threatening.
Cardiac arrhythmias strike like lightning, with no warning.
Any cardiac arrhythmia is possible with digoxin intoxication.
Most cardiac arrhythmias are temporary and benign.
Cardiac asthma is an asthma-like attack that accompanies congestive heart failure.
Cardiac asthma is one of the signs of congestive heart failure.
Cardiac asthma is the result of a heart malfunction.
Cardiac asthma is the term used to describe asthma-like symptoms due to heart failure.
Cardiac auscultation is a skill acquired over years of training.
Cardiac auscultation is an important component of the cardiovascular assessment.
Cardiac auscultation is within normal limits.
Cardiac catheterization allows cardiologists to examine the heart for disease and abnormality.
Cardiac catheterization can determine if bypass surgery is needed.
Cardiac catheterization can help a doctor decide whether to recommend drug therapy or surgery.
Cardiac catheterization can provide that information.
Cardiac catheterization can replace open-heart surgery.
Cardiac catheterization involves the use radiological equipment to diagnose heart disease.
Cardiac catheterization is a specialized procedure to evaluate cardiac anatomy and function.
Cardiac catheterization is necessary for full evaluation.
Cardiac catheterization is needed for two primary reasons.
Cardiac catheterization is performed for a variety of reasons.
Cardiac catheterization is performed to determine anatomy and function of the heart.
Cardiac catheterization is performed using a contrast material which has iodine in it.
Cardiac catheterization is the best method for evaluating pulmonary vascular resistance.
Cardiac catheterization is the same process as angiography, only no dye is used.
Cardiac catheterization is used in the diagnosis of patients' cardiac condition.
Cardiac catheterization is used to study the various functions of the heart.
Some cardiac cells are self-excitatory.
All cardiac chambers are normal in sizeexcept for mild left atrium enlargement.
Cardiac contractility is normal, and involvement of the cardiac muscle is very rare.
Cardiac contraction is controlled by a group of specialized pacemaker cells in the right atrium.
Cardiac contractions are called systolics and reliefs, diastole.
A cardiac cycle is a cycle
Cardiac cycle is initiated by pacemaker activity of SA node.
Cardiac Cycle Refers to the sequence of events that occurs during one complete heartbeat.
Cardiac damage can occur in as short as a few weeks of continuous circulatory over-stimulation.
Cardiac death happens when the heart and lungs stop functioning.
Cardiac death is different than brain death.
Cardiac defects are relatively common, with ventricular septal defects heading the list.
Cardiac defects require SBE prophylaxis for dental work or other invasive procedures.
Cardiac development is a complex process and is controlled by a number of genes.
Cardiac development is rather morphologically complex.
Cardiac development is weak.
Cardiac development requires activation of CaN-dependent transcriptional pathways.
Cardiac disease is the major cause of death in the United States.
Cardiac disease remains a higher risk than breast cancer.
Cardiac disease threatens circulation by crippling the ability of the heart to be an efficient pump.
Cardiac diseases are the leading cause of death among the elderly population.
Cardiac diseases are the major cause of death among the elderly population.
Cardiac dysfunction is a primary cause of death in people with iron overload.
Cardiac dysfunction progresses and the user collapses in death.
Cardiac enlargement is associated with dynamic training.
Cardiac enlargement is suggested by the wide heart on the lateral projection.
Cardiac examination is normal.
Cardiac examination reveals irregular rhythm.
Cardiac excitation is relieved by moderate doses, while large doses increase the heart action.
Cardiac failure follows within a few minutes.
Cardiac flow is a typical example of flows that are dominated by massive unsteady flow separation.
Cardiac function is a risk factor for paralysis in thoracoabdominal aortic replacement.
Cardiac function is altered by neural activation.
Cardiac function slows.
Cardiac functions are assessed by examinations.
Most cardiac functions are assessed by examinations.
Cardiac glands are unique to mammals , and even then are absent in a number of species.
A cardiac glycoside is a steroid
Cardiac glycosides are drugs used for treating heart disease in humans and animals.
Cardiac glycosides are steroids.
Cardiac glycosides can sensitize the myocardium to the actions of epinephrine.
Cardiac glycosides interfere with heart function.
Cardiac glycosides make most birds and mammals sick.
Cardiac hamartomas occur in tuberous sclerosis, a syndrome that produces multisystem hamartomas.
Cardiac health is promoted by aerobic exercise.
Cardiac hyperactivity causes palpitations , tachycardia and heart murmurs .
Cardiac hypertrophy helps improve systolic function and unload cardiac muscle fibers.
Cardiac hypertrophy is a response of the heart to damage.
Cardiac hypertrophy is considered a necessary compensatory response to increased afterload.
Cardiac hypertrophy is recognizable microscopically by the increased size of the cells.
Cardiac investigations rely on different imaging modalities, performed by different sub-specialists.
Cardiac involvement includes aortic and mitral valve dysfunction.
Cardiac involvement is common, and usually manifested as atrio-ventricular conduction blocks.
Cardiac involvement is typical of viral myocarditis.
Cardiac irregularities are common, often characterized by increased heart rate.
Cardiac malformations range from ventricular or atrial septal defect to conotruncal defects.
Cardiac manifestations can include tachycardia and atrial arrhythmias such as atrial fibrillation.
Cardiac markers are an integral part of managing acute coronary syndromes.
Cardiac markers are substances in blood whose levels rise in the hours following a heart attack.
Cardiac monitor leads and a stethoscope are attached.
Cardiac monitors are monitors.
Cardiac monitoring is necessary in most instances.
Cardiac monitoring is necessary.
Cardiac monitoring is recommended in cases of overdosage.
Cardiac monitoring is required.
Cardiac monitoring leads don t stick well to dirty skin.
Cardiac motion can alter proximal isovelocity surface area calculations of regurgitant flow.
A cardiac muscle is a muscle
Cardiac muscle becomes flab and cholesterol levels rise.
Cardiac muscle can contract without being stimulated by the nervous system.
Cardiac muscle contains a great many mitochondria, which produce energy.
Cardiac muscle contains a great many mitochondria.
Cardiac muscle does have several unique features.
Cardiac muscle forms the majority of the heart, and pumps blood through the heart chambers.
Cardiac muscle forms the mass of the heart.
Cardiac muscle forms the walls of the heart.
Cardiac muscle forms themajority of the heart, and pumps blood through the heart chambers.
Cardiac muscle generates the rhythmic contractions of the heart.
Cardiac muscle has a different troponin from skeletal muscle.
Cardiac muscle has characteristics of both skeletal and smooth muscles.
Cardiac muscle has more mitochondria than skeletal muscle.
Cardiac muscle is a special kind of muscle found in the heart of backboned animals.
Cardiac muscle is autorhythmic .
Cardiac muscle is characterized by a high rate of glucose consumption.
Cardiac muscle is derived from the anterior splanchnic mesoderm.
Cardiac muscle is found in the walls of the heart.
Cardiac muscle is found only in the heart.
Cardiac muscle is found only within the heart.
Cardiac muscle is highly dependent on calcium channel action.
Cardiac muscle is involuntary and is found exclusively in the heart.
Cardiac muscle is present in the vena cava and pulmonary veins as they join the heart.
Cardiac muscle is responsible for the unconscious contraction of the heart.
Cardiac muscle is striated and found in the heart.
Cardiac muscle is striated in appearance and is under involuntary control.
Cardiac muscle is the muscle found in the penguin heart.
Cardiac muscle is the muscle in the heart.
Cardiac muscle is unique.
Cardiac muscle makes up the contractile wall of the heart it is striated and branched.
Cardiac muscle makes up the heart.
Cardiac muscle makes up the walls of the heart.
Cardiac muscle serves as the pumping tissue of the heart.
Cardiac muscles are involuntary and can contract without stimulation from the nervous system.
Cardiac muscles are muscles.
Cardiac muscles are part of hearts.
Cardiac obstruction can cause fainting during physical exertion.
Cardiac output decreases, and the patient suffers hemodynamic compromise.
Cardiac output depends on preload, afterload and contractility.
Cardiac output falls due to a loss of atrial contraction.
Cardiac output increases independent of basal metabolic rate in early human pregnancy.
Cardiac output is a function of stroke volume, the amount of blood the heart pumps in one beat.
Cardiac output is a good variable for showing changes in cardiovascular performance.
Cardiac output is a key hemodynamic parameter.
Cardiac output is a major determinant of oxygen uptake.
Cardiac output is determined by calculating the change in temperature over the change in time.
Cardiac output is determined by the product of stroke volume and heart rate .
Cardiac output is flow
Cardiac output is flow.
Cardiac output is increased.
Cardiac output is measured during shunt catheterization.
Cardiac output is the amount of blood pumped by the heart in a unit of time.
Cardiac output is the amount of blood pumped by the heart in each minute.
Cardiac output is the major determinant of oxygen supply to the muscles.
Cardiac output is the volume of blood ejected by the heart in a one minute period.
Cardiac output is very sensitive to changes in body position.
Cardiac output mediates the antihypertensive effect of vasopressin in spontaneous hypertension.
Cardiac output varies with stroke volume and heart rate.
A cardiac pacemaker is a heart muscle
Cardiac pacemakers are battery-operated devices that help the heart beat in a regular rhythm.
Cardiac pacemakers are electronic devices that trigger the heart to beat.
Cardiac pathology is emphasized more than peripheral circulatory pathology.
Cardiac patients are most willing to accept gentle, relaxed and competent teaching.
Many cardiac patients are fearful . . .
Many cardiac patients require testing and treatment for other health problems.
Some cardiac patients take oral amiodarone.
Cardiac physicians prescribe enalapril for patients to prevent progression of heart failure.
Cardiac problems strike young and old.
Some cardiac problems associate with surgery.
Some cardiac problems lead to death.
Cardiac programs begin slowly with patients, building cardiovascular strength little at a time.
Cardiac regimen aids women most.
Cardiac rehabilitation can make a difference.
Cardiac rehabilitation decreases anginal pain and improves heart failure symptoms.
Cardiac rehabilitation has three main features.
Cardiac Rehabilitation helps individuals in the management of heart disease.
Cardiac rehabilitation is a program for patients who have had a heart attack or stroke.
Cardiac rehabilitation is a wonderful way to begin life after a heart attack or other heart ailment.
Cardiac rehabilitation is an important part of secondary prevention.
Cardiac rehabilitation is for anyone with heart disease.
Cardiac rehabilitation is in the grasp of anyone willing to try.
Cardiac rehabilitation is provided by a multidisciplinary team trained in cardiac care.
Cardiac rehabilitation is safe for patients who have been appropriately screened and evaluated.
Cardiac rehabilitation is safe.
Cardiac rehabilitation is the bridge between hospitalization and normal living.
Cardiac rehabilitation produces physiological, metabolic, and psychological benefits.
Cardiac rehabilitation provides the education for a new lease on life.
Cardiac rehabilitation works well for many people with coronary artery disease.
Cardiac researchers are quick to point out that angiogenic therapy requires much further study.
Cardiac sarcoma is a primary malignant tumor.
Cardiac sarcoma is a type of tumor that occurs in the heart.
Cardiac sarcomas are malignant, or cancerous.
Cardiac section includes both static images and full-motion sequences.
Cardiac service is the number-one service at our hospital.
Cardiac services range in scope from prevention to treatment, to rehabilitation and follow-up.
Cardiac Simulations Work on the model continues.
Cardiac steroids are perhaps the most useful and are being discussed here.
Cardiac stomach leads to pyloric stomach, which connects to digestive glands.
Cardiac stomachs digest food.
Cardiac surgeons are accustomed to change and improvements.
Cardiac surgeons are enthusiastic about the future and interested in new products and procedures.
Cardiac surgeons can repair the organ that gives life to humans.
Cardiac surgeons perform operations on patients to treat cardiovascular diseases.
Some cardiac surgeons have additional training to perform pediatric or transplant surgery.
Cardiac surgery causes desensitization of the beta-adrenergic receptor system of human lymphocytes.
Cardiac surgery increases surgical complexity.
Cardiac surgery is sometimes necessary to correct heart defects.
Cardiac surgery is very complex and many patients suffer major complications after an operation.
Any cardiac surgery requires further evaluation.
Cardiac susceptibility artifacts arising from the heart-lung interface.
Cardiac syncope is an acute expression of cardiac disease.
Cardiac syncope is one of three general types of circulatory failure.
Cardiac tamponade can occur from both blunt and penetrating chest injury.
Cardiac tamponade is a condition
Cardiac tamponade is a life-threatening condition caused by fluid under pressure around the heart.
Cardiac tamponade is an emergency condition that needs to be treated in the hospital.
Cardiac tamponade is an emergency condition that requires hospitalization.
Cardiac tamponade is diseases.
Cardiac tamponade is treated by needle pericardiocentesis .
Cardiac timing depends on which rhythm is currently active.
Cardiac tonics are herbs that act beneficially on the heart.
Cardiac toxicity is another consideration.
Cardiac toxicity is uncommon in children.
Cardiac transplant is an option for some individuals.
Cardiac transplant is performed at three centers.
Cardiac transplantation is a proven method for patients with end-stage failing hearts.
Cardiac transplantation is an accepted form of therapy for end staged cardiac failure.
Cardiac transplantation is recognized as a proven procedure in appropriately selected patients.
Cardiac treadmill tests the heart function before, during and after a controlled period of exercise.
Cardiac ultrasound monitors how their hearts are pumping.
Cardiac ultrasound uses sound waves to produce pictures of the heart in motion.
A cardiac valve is a valve
Cardiac valves are one-way valves.
Cardiacs music seems to be more song orientated now.
All cardigan jacket discover pale although sad, as work lead everyone.
Cardigan sweaters are acceptable in lieu of the sweatshirt.
Cardigan sweaters are important pieces in layering.
Cardigan sweaters are sweaters.
A cardigan is a sweater
Cardigan isa jumper.
Cardigan isa sweater.
Cardigan whispers to the female judge and says women are more sacred than the law.
Cardigans are bands.
Cardigans are bigger, and longer in body.
Cardigans are bigger, longer in body, and taller at the shoulders.
Cardigans are currently in stock.
Cardigans are sweaters.
Cardigans are very friendly and love to be with human companions.
Cardigans can go over any thing from a tank top to a long sleeved T-shirt.
Cardigans can go over anything from a tank top to a long sleeved T-shirt.
Cardigans have (part) button holes.
Cardigans have (part) collars.
Cardigans have (part) cuffs.
Cardigans have (part) hems.
Cardigans have (part) lap covering.
Cardigans have (part) pocket flaps.
Cardigans have (part) pockets.
Cardigans have (part) sections.
Cardigans have (part) skirts.
Cardigans have (part) sleeve.
Cardigans have (part) zippers.
Cardigans have large and prominent ears in proportion to the size of the dog.
Cardigans have large and prominent ears in proportion to their size.
Cardigans make a comeback as complements for contemporary outfits.
Cardigans usually have flashings of white hair in their coats.
Some cardigans experience hip dysplasia or cataracts.
Cardinal eggs are glossy light green or dull gray, with reddish brown specks or blotches.
Cardinal feathers gives vitality to blood conditions, boosts energy levels in anemia sufferers.
Cardinal fishes are in many respects the damsel fishes of the night.
A cardinal flower is a lobelia
Cardinal flower is an intense red and some varieties have red leaves.
Cardinal flower produces spikes of bright red flowers late in the summer.
Cardinal flowers are best in moist soils in plenty of sun.
Cardinal flowers are lobelias.
Cardinal flowers are perennials.
Cardinal flowers are quite uncommon.
Cardinal flowers are specially modified so that they can only be pollinated by hummingbirds.
Cardinal flowers attract hummingbirds.
Cardinal flowers grow tallest and flower best in wet, partially sunny areas.
Cardinal flowers make a flashy contrast to purple and yellow flowers.
Cardinal flowers perform best in moist to damp soils.
Cardinal flowers prefer light shade and moist soils.
Cardinal flowers produce one to several stalks that are topped by spikes of deep velvet red flowers.
Cardinal flowers time their blooms with the fall migration of hummingbirds, their chief pollinator .
Most cardinal flowers attract hummingbirds.
Some cardinal inequalities follow as easy corollaries.
Cardinal marks are yellow and black, and are placed according to the compass direction of a danger.
A cardinal number is a number
Cardinal numbers are invariable.
Cardinal numbers are used to measure how many items are in a set.
Cardinal numerals are declinable or indeclinable.
Cardinal orientation is added with a grid of lines overlaid the map.
Cardinal parents are also quite attentive in their behavior.
Cardinal permits can only park in cardinal lots and gold permits can park only in gold lots.
Cardinal pride shows in the support for our athletic teams, band and choirs, and quiz bowl team.
Cardinal signs are aries, libra, cancer and capricorn.
Cardinal signs are great at starting things up, though they lack follow-through.
Cardinal signs are pioneering and enterprising.
Cardinal signs are pioneers, activists, reformers, and seekers of new conquests.
Cardinal song is a good early indicator of seasonal change.
Cardinal sweatshirt is permitted.
Cardinal symptom is usually steady, sudden-onset abdominal pain radiating to the back.
Cardinal system Drains the head, dorsal body wall and kidneys.
Cardinal tetras appear to grow larger in captivity than they do in the wild.
Cardinal trait is so basic that all of a person s activities can be traced to the trait s existence.
Cardinal virtue is virtue
Cardinal virtues are prudence, justice, fortitude, and temperance.
A cardinal is a bishop
Cardinal isa finch.
Cardinals also eat seeds, wild fruit, leaf buds, berries and flowers.
Cardinals also feed on weeds, wild fruit, grain, worms, and beetles.
Cardinals also mate for life.
Cardinals are a native bird of Canada.
Cardinals are a tough fish to spawn.
Cardinals are active songbirds and sing a variety of different melodies.
Cardinals are also quite popular.
Cardinals are approximately eight and three fourths inches in length.
Cardinals are birds.
Cardinals are bishops.
Cardinals are catholic priests.
Cardinals are cheery birds, both in song and appearance.
Cardinals are especially fond of roosting and nesting in honeysuckle thickets.
Cardinals are films.
Cardinals are finchs.
Cardinals are frequent visitors to feeders.
Cardinals are good parents.
Cardinals are grapes.
Cardinals are here year-round.
Cardinals are known to eat over a hundred kinds of fruits and seeds in the wild.
Cardinals are leaders.
Cardinals are league's worst free throw shooting team.
Cardinals are less selective during winter in the colder climates.
Cardinals are nonmigratory, but some movement does occur in the later summer and fall.
Cardinals are North America's only crested all-red bird.
Cardinals are numbers.
Cardinals are one of the few songbirds in our area for which females, as well as males, sing.
Cardinals are one of the most popular birds for people who put out bird feeders.
Cardinals are permanent residents of Alabama.
Cardinals are probably most well-known for the whistling.
Cardinals are proud to have placed sixth among the elite eight.
Cardinals are red.
Cardinals are southern birds, but gradually their range has extended northward.
Cardinals are territorial and very aggressive.
Cardinals are unusual among our smaller birds because in most species just the male sings.
Cardinals are very common around our house in suburban Maryland.
Cardinals are very common birds at bird feeders.
Cardinals begin singing early in the month.
Cardinals can bring color and vitality into our lives.
Cardinals can confirm validly anywhere.
Cardinals can work well, and probably make the best bet.
Cardinals capture conference title Chapionship is team's second in three years.
Cardinals commonly sing and preen from a high branch of a shrub.
Cardinals conclude finest season in three-year history.
Cardinals consume insects.
Cardinals eat a large number of seeds and insects.
Cardinals eat a varied diet consisting of fruit, insects, seeds and spiders.
Cardinals eat bugs.
Cardinals eat different kinds of food including insects, seeds, grains and fruits.
Cardinals eat fruit, wheat and bugs.
Cardinals eat many kinds of birdseed, particularly black oil sunflower seed.
Cardinals eat mostly seeds however they do eat insects during breeding season.
Cardinals eat seeds, insects, snails, and maple sap.
Cardinals eat seeds, small insects, and wild fruit.
Cardinals end season on a high note .
Cardinals enjoy nesting in parks, gardens, and farms but prefer open woodlands.
Cardinals establish surround territory.
Cardinals establish territory.
Cardinals feed on grain.
Cardinals feed on insects, worms, and seeds of weeds and wild fruits.
Cardinals feed upon seeds mainly but sometimes eat insects.
Cardinals finish season, say goodbye to three seniors.
Cardinals have (part) air sacs.
Cardinals have (part) bird's feet.
Cardinals have (part) brains.
Cardinals have (part) breasts.
Cardinals have (part) cell membranes.
Cardinals have (part) cells.
Cardinals have (part) chest cavities.
Cardinals have (part) chests.
Cardinals have (part) corpi.
Cardinals have (part) cytoplasm.
Cardinals have (part) ears.
Cardinals have (part) faces.
Cardinals have (part) flight feathers.
Cardinals have (part) heads.
Cardinals have (part) lips.
Cardinals have (part) mouths.
Cardinals have (part) nuclei.
Cardinals have (part) plasma membranes.
Cardinals have (part) quill feathers.
Cardinals have (part) rib cages.
Cardinals have (part) second joints.
Cardinals have (part) sections.
Cardinals have (part) skulls.
Cardinals have (part) sterna.
Cardinals have (part) talons.
Cardinals have (part) vacuoles.
Cardinals have (part) wishbones.
Cardinals have a lot of pass offense.
Cardinals have a red hat, and archbishops and bishops a green hat.
Cardinals have beaks.
Cardinals have cones.
Cardinals have crests.
Cardinals have different habitat preferences regardless of the type of vegetation.
Cardinals have distinctive crests.
Cardinals have heavy thick bills used to crack seeds.
Cardinals have red fethers and yellow beaks.
Cardinals have shape beaks.
Cardinals have three main functions in the church.
Cardinals like to eat seeds, fruits, and insects.
Cardinals like to forage for food at dawn and dusk.
Cardinals like to nest in thick tangled bushes near the edges of woods.
Cardinals live all year here and are a nice bit of color in the winter.
Cardinals live for years.
Cardinals live here all year, contributing a sudden flash of red to the feeder scene.
Cardinals live in the Eastern United States from South Dakota, southern Minnesota, and Mexico.
Cardinals love sunflower seeds, especially the black, oil-type seeds.
Cardinals love to drink and bath in bubbling creeks, springs and steams.
Cardinals love to sing.
Cardinals make cheerful songs.
Cardinals make songs.
Cardinals mate for life and never take separate vacations.
Cardinals mate for life.
Cardinals nest among leafy branches.
Cardinals nest in dense foliage and look for conspicuous, fairly high perches for singing.
Cardinals never nest in nest boxes.
Cardinals open mouths.
Cardinals pinch hitters are five for their last six with a walk.
Cardinals play for the Central title.
Cardinals prefer bushy woodlands, evergreens, streamside thickets, and suburban gardens and parks.
Cardinals prefer to eat sunflower seed, safflower seed, and cracked corn.
Cardinals prefer to nest in shrubbery and low trees that face open ground.
Cardinals provide economic benefits as well.
Cardinals remain faithful to their pair for till the end of breeding season.
Cardinals sing songs.
Cardinals slide with one leg high looking for a throat.
Cardinals start their songs as dawn breaks, opening the chorus of bird songs greeting the day.
Cardinals stay busy making nests, because they typically only use each nest once.
Cardinals strike poses amidst the red-flowered ocotillo.
Cardinals survive on a diet made up mostly of insects.
Cardinals tend to build their nests without much consideration location wise.
Cardinals tend to mate for life and stay together year-round.
Cardinals vs. Redskins Aside from the colors resonating, there's nothing interesting here.
Cardinals work like adjectives when modifying nouns.
Most cardinals are cardinal priests.
Most cardinals eat bugs.
Most cardinals establish surround territory.
Most cardinals establish territory.
Most cardinals feed on grain.
Most cardinals have beaks.
Most cardinals have cones.
Most cardinals have crests.
Most cardinals have distinctive crests.
Most cardinals have shape beaks.
Most cardinals live for years.
Most cardinals make cheerful songs.
Most cardinals make songs.
Most cardinals sing songs.
Some cardinals bring food.
Some cardinals defend territory.
Some cardinals eat seeds.
Some cardinals have alarm calls.
Some cardinals have beautiful songs.
Some cardinals have calls.
Some cardinals have distinctive alarm calls.
Some cardinals have much time.
Some cardinals have songs.
Some cardinals have time.
Some cardinals inhabit national parks.
Some cardinals inhabit parks.
Some cardinals live in the same place for their whole life.
Some cardinals perch on chairs.
Some cardinals sit on fences.
A cardinalfish is a bony fish
Cardinalfish are choice number four.
A cardinality is a number
Cardinalities are numbers.
Cardinality appears at both ends of the relationship.
Cardinality bounds for triangulations with bounded minimum angle .
Cardinality deals more with size and lacks the rigid ordering.
Cardinality involves the degree and the nature of relationships.
Cardinality is a characteristic of the relationship in the context of the data under consideration.
Cardinality is bidirectional.
Cardinality needs to be expressed as a range of values.
Cardinality reflects the logical data model.
A cardiogenic shock is a shock
Cardiogenic shock can also occur with normal output.
Cardiogenic shock is caused by failure of the heart due to intrinsic myocardial damage.
Cardiogenic shock is caused by impaired function of the heart.
Cardiogenic shock is caused by insufficient cardiac output such as is seen in heart attacks.
Cardiogenic shock is due to a severe depression of left ventricular contractile performance.
Cardiogenic shock remains the major cause of death among patients with acute coronary syndromes.
Cardiogenic shocks are shocks.
A cardioid is a curve
Cardioid is traced by a point on a circle that rolls over a circle of the same radius.
Cardioids also are much more susceptible to wind noise.
Cardioids are special cases of epiroulettes.
Cardioids tend to have poorer bass response than omnidirectionals.
A cardiologist is a specialist
Cardiologists also conduct stress tests and perform Cardiac Catheterization procedures.
Cardiologists also give care for abnormal heart rhythms and heart attacks.
Cardiologists also have quotas.
Cardiologists also provide cardiac screening programs.
Cardiologists are a very mixed bag.
Cardiologists are available around the clock to manage their emergency care.
Cardiologists are different from cardiac surgeons who do cardiac surgery .
Cardiologists are different from cardiac surgeons who do cardiac surgery.
Cardiologists are specialists.
Cardiologists blame increasing rates of obesity, smoking, and cocaine use.
Cardiologists call it a heart .
Cardiologists can even listen to a patient's heart and lungs using an electronic stethoscope.
Cardiologists can investigate lipid disorders.
Cardiologists can watch the heart pumping.
Cardiologists claim that cross-country skiing is one of the best heart sports.
Cardiologists diagnose and treat conditions affecting the heart and circulatory system.
Cardiologists diagnose and treat heart disease by non-surgical means.
Cardiologists evaluate, diagnose, treat and manage diseases of the heart and blood vessels.
Cardiologists have extensive experience treating atherosclerosis in the coronary arteries.
Cardiologists help treat people with cardiovascular disease.
Cardiologists here are rich enough to buy Cessna jets and breed Arabian horses.
Cardiologists offer a full range of diagnostic and nonsurgical treatments for heart disease.
Cardiologists offer different estimates, ranging anywhere from five to a hundred deaths a year.
Cardiologists perform the first biplane first-pass study of the heart in the world.
Cardiologists quickly place patients on adrenalin or a similar drug that strengthens heart beat.
Cardiologists rely on quickly removing blockages in arteries with clot busting agents.
Cardiologists say the next step is to find out how to make atherectomy safer and more effective.
Cardiologists share the latest wisdom.
Cardiologists specialize in diseases of the heart and vascular system .
Cardiologists treat diseases of the heart.
Cardiologists treat heart attacks, heart failure, and abnormal heart rhythms.
Cardiologists treat heart diseases with medication, diet, and exercise programs.
Cardiologists treat heart diseases.
Cardiologists turn vein into artery in new operation.
Cardiologists use the images from the camera to diagnose blockages and other problems.
Many Cardiologists prescribe a beta-blocker, to help lower the heart rate.
Many cardiologists recommend aspirin to their patients to reduce platelet aggregation.
Most cardiologists fighting heart disease aim to take down the so-called bad cholesterol.
Most cardiologists seem to like to run an electrocardiogram and to have X-rays taken too, though.
Some cardiologists also perform heart catheritizations to treat blocked arteries.
Some cardiologists have little to no experience dealing with congenital heart defects.
Cardiology contains information directly pertinent to the specialty of cardiology.
Cardiology fellows similarly gain experience at each of the hospitals.
Cardiology is a rapidly expanding field and it is important to remain up to date.
Cardiology is always a major contributor to an inpatient census.
Cardiology is classified as an internal medicine subspecialty.
Cardiology is considered a subspecialty of internal medicine.
Cardiology is in transition.
Cardiology is medicine
Cardiology is medicine.
Cardiology is one of the fastest moving fields in medicine.
Cardiology is the branch of medicine dealing with disorders of the heart and blood vessels.
Cardiology is the field of study that examines diseases of the heart and blood vessels.
Cardiology is the study of the heart.
Cardiology is the treatment of diseases of the heart and blood vessels.
Cardiology is traditionally a male-dominated field.
Cardiology offers a complete gamut of services.
Cardiology recheck once blood pressure is under control.
Cardiology relates to diseases of the heart such as angina or heart failure.
A cardiomegaly is a symptom
Cardiomegaly occurs, except with constrictive pericarditis and severe pulmonary venous obstruction.
Many cardiomyopathy disorders cause deadly arrhythmias.
Cardiomyopathies can be primary, meaning the sickness predominantly involves the heart.
Cardiomyopathies lead to congestive heart failure and to cardiac arrhythmias.
Cardiomyopathy is a heart disease
Cardioprotective effect is genuine.
A cardiopulmonary arrest is pathology
Cardiopulmonary arrest is sudden cessation of breathing and of effective heart function.
Cardiopulmonary arrest is the most common cause of death.
Cardiopulmonary arrest is usually the result of a cardiac dysrhythmia.
Cardiopulmonary arrests are heart diseases.
Cardiopulmonary arrests are respiratory diseases.
Cardiopulmonary bypass impairs small intestinal transport and increases gut permeability.
Cardiopulmonary bypass involves surgically sewing vein or artery grafts on a stopped heart.
Cardiopulmonary bypass is deleterious by triggering an important inflammatory reaction.
Cardiopulmonary bypass is established using bicaval cannulation and a single aortic cannulation.
Cardiopulmonary bypass is instituted using the heart-lung machine.
Cardiopulmonary bypass is next discontinued and the arterial cannula is clamped and removed.
Cardiopulmonary bypass provokes a complex neuroendocrine response in most patients.
Cardiopulmonary bypass pump speed control.
Cardiopulmonary care is an integral part of physical therapy.
Cardiopulmonary rehabilitation is an exciting opportunity for the exercise science graduate.
Cardiopulmonary resuscitation is a medical treatment.
Cardiopulmonary resuscitation is an emergency procedure
Cardiopulmonary resuscitation is ineffective in the water.
Cardiopulmonary resuscitation is resuscitation
Cardiopulmonary support is always present to assure proper function of the sophisticated technology.
Cardiopulmonary support is the most important aspect of management.
Cardiorespiratory endurance See aerobic endurance.
Cardiovascular activity has the potential to work a variety of muscles.
Cardiovascular activity keeps the metabolism up for less time, but it is good for the heart.
Cardiovascular anomalies are common and the most clinically frequent is coarctation of the aorta.
Cardiovascular applications are one component of the lab's research focus.
Cardiovascular benefits can help improve the quality of life many patients.
Cardiovascular care is a profitable niche for hospitals.
Cardiovascular changes make it necessary to take precautions against hypotension.
Cardiovascular collapse can occur without respiratory symptoms.
Cardiovascular collapse can occur.
Cardiovascular collapse prompts a massive stress response.
Cardiovascular complications are the main causes of death.
Cardiovascular complications can occur, usually in the form of bradycardia.
Cardiovascular complications related to diabetes are due to blockage of blood vessels.
Some cardiovascular conditions result in blood pressure.
Some cardiovascular conditions result in pressure.
Cardiovascular conditioning improves aerobic capacity, recovery time and circulation.
Cardiovascular conditioning is another important element.
Cardiovascular conditioning is stressed.
Cardiovascular conditioning is the foundation of our program.
Cardiovascular degeneration takes years, even decades to develop and become acute.
Cardiovascular devices are the most common.
A cardiovascular disease is disorder
Cardiovascular disease becomes more common with age.
Cardiovascular disease becomes more of a risk for women after menopause.
Cardiovascular disease can arise when either clot formation or clot dissolution is abnormal.
Cardiovascular disease can be a major factor in poor circulation to the extremities.
Cardiovascular disease can be dangerous during pregnancy if untreated.
Cardiovascular disease can lead to heart attacks and stroke, often at an early age.
Cardiovascular disease causes more deaths than all cancers combined.
Cardiovascular disease includes diseases of the heart and blood vessels which develop over time.
Cardiovascular disease includes diseases of the heart and blood vessels.
Cardiovascular disease includes heart disease and stroke.
Cardiovascular disease includes heart disease, stroke and high blood pressure.
Cardiovascular disease is a disease of lifestyle , and therefore largely preventable.
Cardiovascular disease is a health risk which everyone can significantly reduce.
Cardiovascular disease is a leading cause of illness and mortality in women.
Cardiovascular disease is a leading cause of impotence .
Cardiovascular disease is a major cause of premature mortality in Australia.
Cardiovascular disease is a major health problem worldwide.
Cardiovascular disease is a multifaceted disease affecting the health of the U.S. population.
Cardiovascular disease is a serious condition.
Cardiovascular disease is a special threat because there are generally no warning signs of disease.
Cardiovascular disease is again on the rise in England, a major government-backed survey concludes.
Cardiovascular disease is also a leading cause of disability.
Cardiovascular disease is America's leading killer of both men and women.
Cardiovascular disease is any disease that affects the heart and blood vessels.
Cardiovascular disease is associated with a gradual deposition of fatty plaques on artery walls.
Cardiovascular disease is Australia s biggest killer.
Cardiovascular disease is currently the nation's number one killer.
Cardiovascular disease is important, but so is violence.
Cardiovascular disease is largely preventable.
Cardiovascular disease is more common in built-up areas.
Cardiovascular disease is number one and cancer number two.
Cardiovascular disease is of multifactorial etiology.
Cardiovascular disease is of particular concern to the older diver.
Cardiovascular disease is one area in which there are significant differences between the sexes.
Cardiovascular disease is one of the leading causes of disability.
Cardiovascular disease is one of the main causes of death in many developing countries as well.
Cardiovascular disease is our number one killer in the United States.
Cardiovascular disease is prioritized as a leading cause of death in the United States.
Cardiovascular disease is responsible for a preponderance of health problems in the United States.
Cardiovascular disease is South Carolina's number one health problem.
Cardiovascular disease is the biggest killer in Western countries.
Cardiovascular disease is the cause of more deaths than the next seven causes of death combined.
Cardiovascular disease is the country s leading cause of death.
Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death among men and women in the United States.
Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death among men and women.
Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death among postmenopausal women.
Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death among women in the United States.
Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death among women.
Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death and disability among racial and ethnic groups.
Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death and disability in older people.
Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death and illness in British Columbia.
Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death for all racial and ethnic groups.
Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death for men in the United States.
Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death in adults in the United States.
Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death in American women.
Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death in both men and women of all races.
Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death in Canada today.
Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death In Canada.
Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death in developed countries.
Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death in persons with diabetes mellitus.
Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death in Tennessee.
Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death in the United States among both men and women.
Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death in the United States and Europe.
Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death in the United States.
Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death in the Western World.
Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death in women.
Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death.
Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of illness and death in women.
Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of morbidity and mortality among persons with diabetes.
Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of morbidity and mortality in the United States.
Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of mortality in the United States.
Cardiovascular disease is the leading health problem in the Western world.
Cardiovascular disease is the leading killer of American women.
Cardiovascular disease is the leading killer of people with diabetes.
Cardiovascular disease is the most common cause of death in American women.
Cardiovascular disease is the nation s number one killer of adults.
Cardiovascular disease is the number one cause of death and disability in the United States.
Cardiovascular disease is the number one cause of death in women.
Cardiovascular disease is the number one cause of death.
Cardiovascular disease is the number one cause of mortality in California.
Cardiovascular disease is the number one killer in America.
Cardiovascular disease is the number one killer in the United States.
Cardiovascular disease is the number one killer in the USA, and, in many cases, it is preventable.
Cardiovascular disease is the number one killer of American women.
Cardiovascular disease is the number one killer of both men and women.
Cardiovascular disease is the number one killer of both women and men in America today.
Cardiovascular disease is the number one killer of both women and men.
Cardiovascular disease is the Number One killer of men and women in the United States.
Cardiovascular disease is the number one killer worldwide.
Cardiovascular disease is the number-one cause of death in the United States.
Cardiovascular disease is the primary cause of death in the diabetic population.
Cardiovascular disease is the primary cause of death in the United States.
Cardiovascular disease is the principal cause of death in postmenopausal women.
Cardiovascular disease is the tip of the iceberg.
Cardiovascular disease is two to four times more common among people with diabetes.
Cardiovascular disease is two to four times more common in people with diabetes.
Cardiovascular disease is very complex.
Cardiovascular disease kills more than half a million women each year.
Cardiovascular disease kills more women than all cancers combined.
Cardiovascular disease kills more women than all types of cancer combined.
Cardiovascular disease kills nearly one million people every year in the United States.
Cardiovascular disease kills ten times as many women each year.
Cardiovascular disease progresses more rapidly after menopause, when estrogen levels decrease.
Cardiovascular disease refers to a variety of diseases that affect the heart and blood vessels.
Cardiovascular disease remains the largest single cause of death in Australia.
Cardiovascular disease remains the leading cause of death in America.
Cardiovascular disease remains the main cause of the increased mortality seen in diabetics.
Cardiovascular disease remains the number one cause of death among post menopausal women.
Cardiovascular disease takes many years to develop.
Cardiovascular disease tends to manifest itself in specific ways unique to various communities.
Cardiovascular diseases afflict humans.
Cardiovascular diseases are diseases of the heart and blood vessels.
Cardiovascular diseases are diseases.
Cardiovascular diseases are disorder.
Cardiovascular diseases are one of the leading causes of death for both men and women.
Cardiovascular diseases are the leading cause of all African-American deaths.
Cardiovascular diseases are the leading cause of death for the nation's senior population.
Cardiovascular diseases are the leading cause of death in the western world.
Cardiovascular diseases are the leading cause of death worldwide.
Cardiovascular diseases are the main cause of death in men and women.
Cardiovascular diseases are the most important disease in the United States.
Cardiovascular diseases are the number one cause of death.
Cardiovascular diseases are the number one killer of men and women, today.
Cardiovascular diseases are the number one killer of women and men.
Cardiovascular diseases can therefore cause disease in all other tissues and organs of the body.
Cardiovascular diseases continue to be the leading cause of death and disability in Hawaii.
Cardiovascular diseases exact an incalculable toll in human pain and suffering.
Cardiovascular diseases kill more people than any other single disease.
Cardiovascular diseases remain the leading cause of death for American women.
Cardiovascular diseases represent the most important cause of mortality in industrialised countries.
Many cardiovascular diseases are preventable.
Most cardiovascular diseases afflict humans.
Some cardiovascular diseases are caused by smoke.
Some cardiovascular diseases associate with consumption.
Cardiovascular disorders are the most common cause of morbidity and mortality in pregnant women.
Cardiovascular effects are common side effects.
Cardiovascular effects are less common but more serious.
Cardiovascular effects are minimal although the potential problems listed under atracurium apply.
Cardiovascular effects are rare such as angina and tachycardia.
Some cardiovascular effects are produced by scorpion toxins.
Some cardiovascular effects are produced by toxins.
Cardiovascular endurance comes first.
Cardiovascular endurance equals delivery of adequate fuel and oxygen to the active muscles.
Cardiovascular endurance involves the fitness of the heart only.
Cardiovascular endurance is a predominant element in health and physical fitness.
Cardiovascular events represent important factors during the three phases of a space mission.
All cardiovascular exams require an appointment.
Cardiovascular exercise can also help improve flexibility by using and working the muscles.
Cardiovascular exercise has numerous benefits.
Cardiovascular exercise is synonymous with aerobic exercise, which means with oxygen.
Cardiovascular exercise is the most important element.
Cardiovascular exercise uses body fat and carbohydrates for energy.
Cardiovascular exercises are most effective in improving fitness and health.
Cardiovascular fitness ensures good circulation.
Cardiovascular fitness improves the cardiovascular system through exercise.
Cardiovascular fitness is emphasized early in all rehabilitative efforts.
Cardiovascular fitness is important, too, as heart disease is one of the major causes of death.
Cardiovascular fitness is stressed as the key to physical fitness.
Cardiovascular fitness is the key to good health.
Cardiovascular fitness is the most important component of the four.
Cardiovascular fitness is very important, especially in becoming and staying lean.
Cardiovascular fitness needs to be maintained.
Cardiovascular health leads to mental health by making the body less reactive to stress.
Cardiovascular health promotes cardiovascular health.
Cardiovascular health promotes health.
Most cardiovascular health promotes cardiovascular health.
Cardiovascular involvement is common.
Cardiovascular management is dependent on the specific cardiac lesion present.
Cardiovascular mortality is a much more likely outcome than is end-stage renal failure.
Cardiovascular nurses care for patients with heart disease and people who have had heart surgery.
Cardiovascular nurses care for patients.
Most cardiovascular nurses care for patients.
Cardiovascular pharmacology is reviewed.
Cardiovascular problems begin at the early stage of beta-cell damage.
Many cardiovascular problems arise from parasites invading the heart muscle itself.
Cardiovascular procedure continues to increase, while few formal training programs exist.
Most cardiovascular responses return to normal within a few weeks.
Cardiovascular risks appear to be low.
Cardiovascular stamina is as important as muscle strength.
Cardiovascular status is usually unaffected.
Cardiovascular support includes fluid therapy and use of defibrillators and cardioactive drugs.
Cardiovascular syncope is the most common cause of drop attacks in the elderly.
Cardiovascular syphilis can cause heart disease.
Cardiovascular syphilis can involve the coronary arteries or aorta.
A cardiovascular system is a system
Cardiovascular system ageing The cardiovascular system is composed of the heart and blood vessels.
Cardiovascular system contains heart, vein, artery and capillary.
Cardiovascular system slows down.
Cardiovascular technicians assist doctors in the diagnosis of cardiovascular problems.
Cardiovascular technology is an exciting, challenging and vital occupation.
Cardiovascular technology is our most popular allied health program.
Cardiovascular training is a major part of the fitness component.
Cardiovascular training is a vital part of maintaining good health.
Cardiovascular training is important for good health, for fat burning, and for muscle-building.
Some cardiovascular training is involved.
Cardiovascular work includes aerobics, kickboxing, step aerobics, plyometric training and more.
Cardiovascular workouts are now quite refined and readily measured.
A cardoon is a vegetable
Cardoon is a parasite's paradise.
Cardoon is sensitive to frost.
Cardoons are a close relative of the artichoke, grown for their thick fleshy leaf bases.
Cardoons are part of cardoons.
Cardoons are vegetables.
Cardoons keep their vase shape until late in the season, when a branching central stem shoots up.
A cardroom is a room
Cardrooms are rooms.
All cardrooms value regular players.
Most cardrooms can prosper without tournaments and high rollers.
Most cardrooms typically have two blinds, the small blind and the big blind.
CardScan software is incredibly accurate in matching the fields.
Care ethics portrays the moral agent as a self who is embedded in webs of relations with others.
Some care facilities have levels.
Care givers agree that the key to providing safety is individualized care .
Care givers are reluctant to admit that they feel anger.
Care givers can gain a new level of self control by learning new attitudes and practical skills.
Care givers have to accept that no favour is done for the cat by feeding fish as a main staple.
Care givers use daily routines as wonderful opportunities to talk.
Care Groups are multiage groups consisting of students from all grade levels.
CARE Groups meet at various times and places.
Care Groups meet in homes two or three times a month for Bible study, prayer and fellowship.
Care package is in the mail.
Care packages are also a morale builder during remote assignments or deployments.
Care packages are good things.
Care packages are perfect for recruiting purposes.
Care packages are personal, but there's nothing like getting a visit from the folks.
Care packages are right up there with birthdays.
Care packages are wonderful for any time.
Care packages arrive in a corrugated cardboard box.
Care packages can be a hit with students.
Care packages make it all worthwhile.
Care packages rank up there with birthdays.
Care paths are outcome-focused, and designed to improve client care and increase efficiency.
Care pathways are essential tools in the evaluation and therapy processes.
Care pathways can provide a potentially powerful aid to professionals involved in palliative care.
Care physicians make diagnoses.
Care provider creates a personalized care plan.
Care providers are available days, evenings, weekends and overnights.
Care providers begin to rely on the technology instead of their own hearts and hands.
Care providers can customize the protocols for individual patients or groups of patients.
Care providers can perform many different funtions as required by the needs of the client.
Care providers make a difference.
All care providers are highly skilled and screened.
Most care providers are residents, still finishing their training.
Some care providers begin contraceptives as early as five days postpartum, or as late as four weeks.
Some care providers test all pregnant women for gestational diabetes.
All CARE services are free of charge.
Care workers serve for consultation on assistive technologies.
Some care workers perform types.
Care affects ability.
Care also comes from cearu.
CARE also couples food aid with other programs to enhance the impact of programs.
CARE also has country offices in each of the developing countries where the organization works.
CARE also helps communities prepare for emergencies.
CARE also helps farmers produce and market cooking oil.
CARE also helps in the subsidizing of removal of landmines.
Care also includes education, advice and support.
Care also is required in providing background in text and bibliography.
Care also needs to be geared to cultural backgrounds, says the guide.
Care also needs to be given to the divers buoyancy.
CARE also offers support groups to provide peer support to participants with shared concerns.
CARE also plans to educate health care providers on fistula and safer practices during childbirth.
CARE also seeks to increase the number of women who use local health care services.
CARE also works in the neighboring countries of Bangladesh and Nepal.
CARE applauds all of the many thousands who support our work each day, in so many different ways.
CARE assists the world's poor in their efforts to achieve social and economic well-being.
Care begins at infancy and extends through the age of six.
Care begins at the time of the first examination by a physician.
Care begins prior to surgery and continues through rehabilitation therapy.
Care begins with a comprehensive history and a physical examination.
Care begins with fellowship, friendship and contact.
CARE believes that the U.S. government needs to act decisively and do what is right.
CARE believes that the U.S. government needs to act decisively and do what's right.
CARE believes the next century can be better than the one now ending.
CARE believes, as do many others, that human life begins at conception.
CARE can also provide a mathematical function that can be used along with the switching table.
Care can be a prison, the play suggests.
Care can be fragmentary.
Care can be the difference between just being online and delivering real value to customers online.
Care can be very effective today.
Care can become fragmented and lead to problems that impact the patient's wellbeing.
Care can begin at birth until treatment is completed.
Care can forestall many costs of horsekeeping, as well.
Care can include help with activities such as bathing or dressing.
CARE can offer academic and career counseling in conjunction with advising.
Care clearly suffers.
CARE combines programs to address the root causes of poverty.
Care comes too often through emergency rooms.
CARE compares a hospital s performance with benchmark performance on a risk-adjusted basis.
Care conforms to the patient's needs and is provided without regard to ability to pay.
Care consists of general medicine, mental health, and minor surgery.
Care consists of making the child as comfortable as possible.
Care continues to help people and their pets with and without electric fencing.
CARE continues to provide emergency assistance to people affected by the ongoing civil conflict.
Care costs money.
CARE currently has six members, each serving a three-year term.
CARE delivers food, water and sanitation to hundreds of thousands.
Care Depends on the cause of bleeding.
Care Depends on the cause.
Care depends on the condition that caused the microcephaly.
Care depends on the product made from aluminum.
CARE does coordinate donor trips to some of our project sites.
Care emphasizes preventing or managing the multiple effects of the disease.
CARE employs people from a variety of professions.
Care encompasses and exceeds the traditional boundaries of medical and surgical expertise.
Care encourages growth.
Care encourages hair growth.
Care encourages healthy growth.
Care encourages healthy hair growth.
CARE exists to help families bridge the divide and find lasting solutions to poverty.
Care explains importance.
Care extends to protection of the old stones which are vulnerable to damage.
Care focuses on decisions.
Care focuses on extremely careful cleaning and relieving the symptoms.
Care focuses on other symptoms.
Care focuses on symptoms.
Care focuses on the physical, emotional and spiritual comfort of the patient and family.
Care focuses on the relief of symptoms such as pain and other physical discomfort.
Care Follow the directions listed below.
Care fully remove side of pan.
Care fully scrape the remaining ridue.
Care furrows the brow and bows the straightest frame.
Care given now is much more intensive than it used to be.
CARE goes the extra mile.
Care handles wildlife cases for free.
CARE has a difficult and unfortunate job.
CARE has a variety of programs geared toward young people.
Care has an aura of existential commitment lacking in everyday groceries.
Care has been take to achieve a sturdy end product through basic, easy, construction techniques.
Care has cost.
CARE has demining programs in Angola and Cambodia.
Care has impact.
CARE has many benefits for students.
CARE has opportunities in each of the following locations.
CARE has several strengths, however, that make our organization unique.
CARE has staff in Macedonia implementing relief programs.
Care has to be exercised in the correct build procedure and parts selection for the engine.
Care has to be maintained to stick to the known routes, as portions of the cave remain unexplored.
Care has to be provided in avoiding the torque which bends the dish structure.
Care has to be taken about the parity of the array size.
Care has to be taken here about confidentiality and other ethical management issues.
Care has to be taken in dressing the cable as well since it's at the hinge of the side cover.
Care has to be taken in installation as air gaps can dramatically alter the response.
Care has to be taken in reporting case studies.
Care has to be taken in the discussion of the family.
Care has to be taken of the antennas due to very strong winds.
Care has to be taken that the medication is taken on an empty stomach.
Care has to be taken to avoid comparing apples and oranges.
Care has to be taken to cut the correct profile in the cam to provide the correct thermal process.
Care has to be taken to equate cost to independent technical parameters.
Care has to be taken to erase over the two character representation of control characters.
Care has to be taken to get beneath the bow.
Care has to be taken to punch or cut the correct profile for each thermal process.
Care has to be taken when considering any natural remedy.
Care has to be taken with the possible build-up of snow in the valley.
Care has to be taken, however, to ensure that such support involves a genuinely inclusive approach.
Care has to be taken, that no host can send spoofed packets claiming to come from the bastion host.
Care has to strike a balance between the needs and rights of both the individual and society.
Care has training guides for reproductive health in refugee settings.
CARE has U.S. offices in many major cities.
CARE helps communities educate and care for the next generation.
CARE helps farmers to increase crop production and plant trees.
Care helps healthy life.
Care helps life.
Care helps quality.
Care here requires sanding and varnishing once a year to prevent oxidizing, peeling and splintering.
Care improves chances.
Care improves quality.
Care includes aggressive curative therapy, symptom management and palliative care.
Care includes carrying, guarding, playing with and sharing food with infants.
Care includes cost.
Care includes fluid therapy.
Care includes good hygiene.
Care includes good oral hygiene.
CARE includes health and hygiene education in all water and sanitation projects.
Care includes hygiene.
Care includes much more than keeping the child safe and free from harm.
Care includes nursing, therapies, home health aides, social work, clinics and child day care.
Care includes oral hygiene.
Care includes outpatient care, urgent care, and inpatient care.
Care includes physiotherapy, bathing and hairdressing.
Care includes providing for food, shelter, clothing, health care or supervision.
Care includes regular irrigation, pruning, fertilization, and pest management.
Care includes support for blood loss, central nervous system disorders, and cardiovascular effects.
Care includes that of the acute complex pateint throughout the spectrum to rehabilitation.
Care includes therapy.
Care includes water.
Care increases likelihood.
Care involves an increasingly demanding commitment.
Care involves appropriate treatment of affected systems.
Care involves creating supportive networks in the school systems and throughout the community.
Care involves families.
Care involves getting the victim out of the water and out of the wet clothes.
Care involves getting the victim out of the wet clothes.
Care involves guarding as well as feeding the young.
Care involves progress.
Care involves simplifying routines and ensuring a safe environment.
CARE is a big charity with big ambitions.
Care is a broad term which encompasses medical, nursing, and psychosocial parameters.
CARE is a cue word.
Care is a first person undertaking.
Care is a means to a greater end.
Care is a personal choice.
CARE is a private, nonprofit organization.
CARE is a private, non-profit organization.
CARE is a specialty service with professionals trained in sexual victimization recovery.
Care is a state in which something does matter.
Care is a statewide coalition that seeks to improve care for the dying and their families.
Care is a state-wide coalition that seeks to improve care for the dying.
Care is a statewide collaborative effort to enhance care to the dying and their loved ones.
CARE is a student assistance based program.
CARE is a total community program drawing on both the public and private sector.
Care is about creating time for yourshelves.
Care is administered under the direct orders of the patient's private physician.
Care is advised at river and creek crossings and on all unsealed roads.
Care is advised at river and creek crossings and unsealed roads.
Care is aimed at prevention and early detection of impending flares.
Care is all about what one feels towards matters or people of importance, interest and concern.
Care is also available at the Military Treatment Facility on a space-available basis.
Care is also available on pupil-free days.
Care is also available to other beneficiaries on a space available basis.
Care is also necessary in patients with known histories of allergy.
Care is also straightforward.
Care is always better when specific people take personal responsibility.
Care is always free of charge.
Care is always individualized, placing the needs of each patient first.
Care is always voluntary.
Care is an activity in which a provider treats a patient.
Care is an important aspect of love.
CARE is an important player in the highly symbolic world of development assistance.
CARE is an international non-governmental organization working in developing countries.
Care is as important as cure Every year, globally, about nine million people find they have cancer.
Care is as varied and comprehensive as life itself.
CARE is attitude.
Care is authorized by physician.
Care is available days, evenings, weekend and overnight,depending on vacancies.
Care is available for both medical and emotional problems of students.
Care is available for infants, toddlers, and preschool age children.
Care is available for students with medical or emotional problems.
Care is available for teacher work days and most holidays.
Care is available full time, permanent part-time and casual.
Care is available in a variety of settings for patients with both simple and complex needs.
Care is available outside of network at a reduced benefit level.
Care is available to meet physical, mental, spiritual and emotional needs.
Care is available.
Care is based on clinical, service, and cost outcomes.
Care is based on standards of practice that the members agree to abide by.
Care is based primarily in the home, and an in-patient unit is available for short hospitalization.
Care is by appointment only for veterans who are enrolled in the VA healthcare system.
Care is consistent with the highest standards of practice.
Care is continuous between students across semesters.
Care is continuous, personalized and non-authoritarian.
Care is coordinated throughout the network by a centralized, computerized case management process.
Care is coordinated with family's physician and community health care agencies.
Care is coordinated with outpatient providers to ensure continuity of treatment.
Care is coordinated with patients' physicians.
Care is coordinated with the patient's physician.
Care is coordinated with the primary care provider and other specialists.
Care is covered by contract health.
CARE is deeply committed to both emergency aid and self-help programs.
Care is defined as the activity of caring for the ill, elderly and dependent young.
Care is delayed.
Care is delivered by a team of providers drawn from both the medical and lay community.
Care is delivered by an interdisciplinary team of trained caregivers.
Care is delivered in an institutional setting.
Care is delivered in more settings.
Care is delivered in operating rooms aboard ship, in tents and in foreign hospitals.
Care is delivered in private homes with specially trained foster parents.
Care is delivered to cast and crew of major productions of both film and television.
Care is demonstrated and nurtured.
Care is denied at two visits at times without an explanation or a reasonable means to appeal.
Care is denied.
Care is designed to meet both the physical and emotional needs of the patient.
Care is designed to provide spiritual support and emotional comfort to patients and families.
Care is determined by physician and patient, without interference by outside third parties.
Care is determined for each individual case depending upon specific history and needs.
Care is directed by a full-time medical director.
Care is directed by the patient's physician and is based on the individual patient and family needs.
Care is discussed and coordinated between multiple clinicians on a daily basis.
CARE is engaged in a broad-based attack on poverty in the developing world.
Care is entirely supportive and directed toward symptoms.
Care is especially important in the case of fourth-year students.
Care is essential in selecting what is measured and with whom comparisons are made.
Care is exercised as well as use of all modern safety equipment.
Care is exercised to avoid unneeded duplication.
Care is exercised to ensure that different viewpoints are represented on controversial matters.
Care is expensive because it is staff-intensive.
CARE is extensible.
Care is family centered and comprehensive, with commitment to collaborate with other providers.
Care is family-oriented and personalized.
Care is financed mostly by compulsory health insurance and patient co-payments.
Care is focused on pain relief, privacy and comfort for the patient and family members.
Care is focused on providing support for the patient and family in the home setting.
Care is for emergent or urgent needs making the group an undisputed adverse insurance selection.
Care is free to eligible children.
Care is geared to each child's individual growth and development stage.
Care is geared toward fast relief and spinal stabilization.
Care is generally limited to providing comfort until euthanasia is indicated.
Care is generally supportive.
Care is given by a staff of adults and young people.
Care is given by the most outstanding staff in town.
Care is given in choosing genuine stones, which are then set in our designs.
Care is given in creating scripts rich in language and reflecting positive social values.
Care is given in the modification of links to point to the applicable Japanese pages.
Care is given in the modification of links to point to the applicable Japanese versions of pages.
Care is given on a walk-in basis.
Care is given that students meet all their class members through diverse grouping.
Care is given to all species of wildlife with specialization in rehabilitating birds of prey.
Care is given to approach all of life in the context of a biblical worldview.
Care is given to consider both participant interest and the needs of the agency.
Care is given to detail and only the finest materials are used.
Care is given to distinguish between cultural facts and timeless principles.
Care is given to each patient by an excellent staff of both Haitian and American personnel.
Care is given to ensure that the grain lines of the fabric are properly aligned.
Care is given to minimize fluid and electrolyte loss and prevent secondary infection.
Care is given to never minimize the tornado threat but to properly define it.
Care is given to properly maintaining the government documents collection.
Care is given to remember special events in each child's life.
Care is given to selecting persons from all areas of the state if possible.
Care is given to the balance of confessions, countries and forms of ministry.
Care is given to the distribution of the decision so that the privacy of the appellant is protected.
Care is given to the individuals' pronunciation as well as the group participation.
Care is given to the selection of ingredients as well as to the cooking.
Care is given under the supervision of a registered nurse.
Care is good.
Care is guided by an individual plan which outlines long and short term goals.
Care is helpful, fixing is hurtful.
Care is identical to that of other African violets.
Care is identical to that of other violets.
Care is indispensable.
Care is individual and varies greatly from one patient to another.
Care is individualized and tailored to meet the needs of each patient and their family.
Care is individualized and utilizes a multi-disciplinary treatment team.
Care is individualized and utilizes the most current treatment methods.
Care is likely to be reliably available.
Care is limited to a minimum of two hours and a maximum of six hours a day.
Care is love in different degrees and potencies.
Care is minimal.
Care is more intensive, and diagnostic technology is more sophisticated and less invasive.
Care is multi- disciplinary and involves the transplant nephrologist and transplant surgeon.
Care is multidisciplanary in nature.
Care is necessary in the choice of house scraps.
Care is necessary only in some rural and island areas where water is still drawn from wells.
Care is necessary to ensure that the guidelines are consistent with each institution's mission.
Care is necessary to keep the ribbands fair, without hollows or lumps.
Care is necessary to qualify potential partners without parking development experience.
Care is necessary when disposing of such materials.
Care is necessary when switching the xybinsize and using regions defined in saoimage.
Care is needed here in particular.
Care is needed here.
Care is needed if instances of the reflection rule are to be nested.
Care is needed in choosing a suitable time basis and interpreting results.
Care is needed in gluing, but the wood finishes well with paint or transparent finishes.
Care is needed in handling, storing and disposing of fumigants.
Care is needed in harvesting and handling to avoid causing cracks in the rind.
Care is needed in selecting values of variables to be recorded in an investigation.
Care is needed in setting priorities.
Care is needed in tables and figures to avoid numbers with many digits.
Care is needed in the renovation process.
Care is needed in topical application of strong tannins, which can cause scarring.
Care is needed on leaning trees .
Care is needed on the descent to the Torino.
Care is needed over different meanings of a given word.
Care is needed to avoid chipping or cracking.
Care is needed to avoid creating a gap between the old literate and the new illitarte.
Care is needed to avoid glare.
Care is needed to avoid positioning the lower first molar band with the bracket too mesially.
Care is needed to avoid salt injury to seeds and seedlings with banding.
Care is needed to avoid the use of toxic doses of drugs for high blocks.
Care is needed to guard against excessive top growth.
Care is needed to prevent a ground loop after landing on concrete.
Care is needed to prevent falls and fractures in the frail and elderly on benzos.
Care is needed to prevent the build up of that species.
Care is needed to prevent undue stretching of the stripe.
Care is needed to prevent worsening damaged tracks and to avoid starting more problems.
Care is needed to thread the small rock outcrops at the bottom.
Care is needed when assembling and painting the freezing tubes and elevator cage .
Care is needed when opening the view door of an oil-fired unit.
Care is needed when overtaking in the outback, beware of soft and loose verges.
Care is needed when sanding foam.
Care is needed when testing a specimen of hematite with a metallic luster.
Care is needed when using a road grader to maintain a road with deflectors.
Care is needed when working with files on both systems.
Care is needed with hand picking to select the fully ripe fruit.
Care is needed with loose rock.
Care is needed with the older children.
Care is needed, however.
Care is needed.
Care is neither therapy nor religion.
Care is now unfairly divided along class, income, location lines.
Care is offered at selected elementary school sites in each district.
Care is offered both in residential homes and in some cases through support at home.
Care is offered each day that school is in session.
Care is offered regardless of income, religion, age or race.
Care is offered to every child, regardless of a family's inability to pay.
Care is offered to patients whose survival is dependent on life-support equipment.
CARE is often a source of breaking news.
Care is often available on evenings and weekends.
Care is often complex especially in the early post-operative period.
CARE is one of the world's largest international relief and development organizations.
CARE is one of the world's largest private international relief and development organizations.
CARE is one organization that is educating the public on the global problem of landmines.
Care is optimised for the individual patient.
Care is our first priority.
Care is patient and family-centered and culturally sensitive.
Care is patient with the process, fixing seeks quick solutions.
Care is personal and compassionate, and the attitude is warm and friendly.
Care is personal and compassionate, and the positive attitude is warm and friendly.
Care is planned and provided in an interdisciplinary collaborative manner by qualified individuals.
Care is planned and provided in an interdisciplinary, collaborative manner by qualified individuals.
Care is planned, implemented and evaluated using a systematic approach.
Care is primarily home based.
Care is primarily supportive.
CARE is probably the best-known, largest and most effective of the aid organizations.
Care is protection.
Care is provided across the spectrum from prevention to palliative care.
Care is provided and monitored by an interdisciplinary treatment team.
Care is provided at home, in specialized hospice facilities, hospitals and nursing homes.
Care is provided at no charge to the patients.
Care is provided at various sites in Santiago with little or no access to therapy.
Care is provided at very minimal costs.
Care is provided by a clinical psychologist and supervised graduate interns.
Care is provided by a dedicated multidisciplinary team.
Care is provided by a hospice team of expert caregivers.
Care is provided by a multidisciplinary staff group.
Care is provided by a multidisciplinary team approach.
Care is provided by a multi-disciplinary team of health providers.
Care is provided by a multidisciplinary team of subspecialists.
Care is provided by a multidisciplinary team.
Care is provided by a specially trained palliative care team.
Care is provided by a team of nurse practitioners and physicians.
Care is provided by a team of professionals and volunteers.
Care is provided by a trained and caring volunteer.
Care is provided by an interdisciplinary team of health care professionals and volunteers.
Care is provided by board certified physicians and Florida licensed dentists.
Care is provided by certified contracted child care providers.
Care is provided by doctors and nurses with special training.
Care is provided by experienced therapists.
Care is provided by faculty and residents.
Care is provided by highly skilled professionals who make up the hospice team .
Care is provided by highly skilled professionals who make up the hospice team.
Care is provided by highly skilled, competent nurses in a safe and therapeutic environment.
Care is provided by individual's in their home.
Care is provided by licensed volunteer host families.
Care is provided by local professionals serving local people.
Care is provided by nursing students themselves under the supervision of faculty.
Care is provided by our specialized nurses.
Care is provided by parent volunteers who are members of the parish.
Care is provided by parents as well as other capable adult and youth volunteers.
Care is provided by pediatric dental faculty and residents.
Care is provided by professionals assisted by church volunteers.
Care is provided by qualified and experienced staff.
Care is provided by registered nurses, home care aides and homemakers.
Care is provided by respiratory care practitioners to patients of all ages.
Care is provided by specially trained nurses, nurse practitioners and respiratory therapists.
Care is provided by the legal guardian.
Care is provided by trained staff.
Care is provided during Bible Study and each service.
Care is provided during the continuum of the antepartal, postpartal, and newborn periods.
Care is provided for an exchange student.
Care is provided for any individual that needs assistance with activities of daily living.
Care is provided for both pediatric and adult patients.
Care is provided for both the mother and fetus in a complicated pregnancy.
Care is provided for children birth to six years of age and a kindergarten program is provided.
Care is provided for children from six weeks through kindergarten.
Care is provided for children from the ages of three weeks through school age.
Care is provided for children from Wisconsin, the Upper Peninsula of Michigan and beyond.
Care is provided for children six months to five years of age.
Care is provided for homeless and stray animals.
Care is provided for infants, children and adolescents.
Care is provided for patients of all ages, from the newborn to the elderly.
Care is provided for patients who are clinically stable as well as for the critically ill patient.
Care is provided for patients whose illness is acute or chronic.
Care is provided for patients with acute, chronic, or terminal illnesses.
Care is provided for patients with medical illnesses.
Care is provided for severe complications in pregnancy, as well as newborn disorders.
Care is provided for up to six children.
Care is provided from a professional pediatric nursing staff.
Care is provided from the initial visit to a physician to visits after surgery.
Care is provided in a patient's home as well as the hospital and nursing home setting.
Care is provided in acute medicine, psychiatry, intermediate medicine, and extended care.
Care is provided in an intimate environment without professional, authoritative shield and barriers.
Care is provided in licensed centers and family child care homes.
Care is provided in the community and in community based settings.
Care is provided in the home, enabling families to remain together in peace, comfort and dignity.
Care is provided in the home, nursing facility, and when appropriate, the inpatient setting.
Care is provided in the patient's place of residence, usually in the home.
Care is provided like HMOs with gatekeepers or primary care physicians coordinating care.
Care is provided on a first come first serve basis.
Care is provided on a full or part-time basis.
Care is provided on a per visit, intermittent basis.
Care is provided on an hourly basis, from two to twenty-four hours.
Care is provided on an hourly or per visit basis, depending on client needs.
Care is provided on an inpatient and outpatient basis.
Care is provided on an intermittent basis.
Care is provided only by fully licensed qualified health care professionals.
Care is provided primarily in an institutional setting for the kids.
Care is provided regardless of ability to pay.
Care is provided regardless of age, race, creed or sex.
Care is provided regardless of someone's ability to pay.
Care is provided six days of the week for approximately three weeks.
Care is provided through clinic visits as well as telephone follow-up.
Care is provided to children of all ages.
Care is provided to each member of the plan for a fixed amount.
Care is provided to mammals, birds and reptiles.
Care is provided to military retirees and their dependents on a space available basis.
Care is provided to patients of all ages, from fetal procedures to surgery for geriatric patients.
Care is provided to patients of all ages.
Care is provided to students by physicians, nurse practitioners, and registered nurses.
Care is provided to the elderly and the eldely confused.
Care is provided to the infirmed and the aged, regardless of race, creed or national origin.
Care is provided under the supervision of a licensed physician who is on call.
Care is provided until the age of eighteen or until high school is completed.
Care is provided when needed most - during active treatment or periods in between.
Care is provided with close collaboration with the inpatient unit.
Care is provided with parental consent and within the locally-established guidelines for services.
Care is provided within a wide range of specializations.
Care is provided within acute care hospitals and ambulatory follow up and therapy settings.
Care is recommended since it is easy to remove too much plastic.
Care is relatively easy, and animals seem to relish their bright color and flavor.
Care is relatively simple.
Care is reliably available.
Care is rendered at a medical clearing station.
Care is rendered in a child-friendly environment in concert with an active child life program.
Care is rendered in the hospital and increasingly in the community.
Care is rendered to address the complications.
Care is repairs.
Care is required at all times.
Care is required because susceptibility to bruising is higher when the stems are cooled.
Care is required for the extra height and extended rear end of the unit.
Care is required in all cases.
Care is required in colour mixing to avoid the strong colours over-dominating the paint surface.
Care is required in planning a raw vegan diet, especially for children.
Care is required to achieve a smooth surface.
Care is required to bring a person here with the appropriate documents.
Care is required to ensure opacity and avoid exceeding the tint limits.
Care is required to insure that acceptance at large zenith angles is retained.
Care is required to prevent accidents from equipment or falling.
Care is required to prevent duplication of or conflict with existing law.
Care is required to prevent excessive inhalation of dust.
Care is required when inserting cells into a metal cell holder.
Care is required whenever the fine arts are involved.
Care is required with frames.
Care is required.
Care is right between prayer and share and is so important.
Care is short-term until a permanent plan is made.
Care is simple, just wash with a hose and brush.
Care is simple, too.
Care is structured to keep families together in the least restrictive environment possible.
Care is supervised by physician specialists.
Care is supportive.
Care is tailored to allow for personal preferences, fears, and dislikes.
Care is tailored to each individual's specific needs.
Care is tailored to meet each individual's needs.
Care is tailored to meet individual and family needs.
Care is tailored to meet the special medical and psychosocial needs of the adult patient.
Care is tailored to the age of the individual and the nature and degree of hearing loss.
Care is take to design a thinking curriculum to meet individual needs.
Care is taken assigning students to faculty with interests supportive of the assistant's.
Care is taken at each step to protect the confidentiality of case families.
Care is taken at every step.
Care is taken by the artist to facilitate the classes in a nurturing environment.
Care is taken during actual practice to avoid clashing against another person's energy.
Care is taken during manufacture to ensure that the coating asphalt is compatible with the saturant.
Care is taken during surgery on mucinous cystadenomas to avoid spillage in the peritoneal cavity.
Care is taken during the axillary dissection to keep the axillary contents attached to the breast.
Care is taken for their a round development-physical, intellectual, moral and spiritual.
Care is taken in arrangements to see that each voice contains movement at all times.
Care is taken in keeping the two chemicals separated.
Care is taken in presenting the results to give an accurate depiction of the responses.
Care is taken in setting implementation priorities for the different energy efficiency measures.
Care is taken in the construction of new homes to preserve existing trees and plants.
Care is taken of the different integration times and air masses.
Care is taken that as many ingredients as possible are purchased from organic farms.
Care is taken that each member gets only one card.
Care is taken that the class content matches the developmental level of the child involved.
Care is taken that the intersection is well lit.
Care is taken to achieve representation of each county in the region.
Care is taken to allow time each day to enjoy, explore and learn about the high country environment.
Care is taken to alternate campus and TV offerings of all courses.
Care is taken to apply no chemicals just prior to, or during the honey flow.
Care is taken to assure that all products are environmentally friendly and free from animal testing.
Care is taken to assure that engine-on time and distances moved within the truck stop are equal.
Care is taken to assure that students master the required course work for a particular subject.
Care is taken to avoid any conflict of interest with existing clients.
Care is taken to avoid cutting through the cords beneath the testicle.
Care is taken to avoid damage to the levator complex.
Care is taken to avoid disturbing the position of any organ until it has been observed.
Care is taken to avoid drug overexposure.
Care is taken to avoid excess mitomycin leaking over the remainder of the cornea.
Care is taken to avoid flaws on the layer surfaces.
Care is taken to avoid injury to brain tissue.
Care is taken to avoid obstruction of the coronary ostia.
Care is taken to avoid overdependence on graduates of any one institution.
Care is taken to avoid placing the needle near the baby.
Care is taken to avoid race conditions, and to avoid adding heavy loads to services.
Care is taken to avoid the cutaneous branches of the cervical nerve plexus.
Care is taken to avoid the epigastric artery and vein.
Care is taken to avoid unauthorised disclosure of fishing position information.
Care is taken to avoid unnecessary duplication of research.
Care is taken to balance gender, ethnicity, geography, and real estate specialty.
Care is taken to be uniform as possible as it helps in the finishing phase.
Care is taken to blend the new with the old.
Care is taken to carefully establish control totals and edits to ensure data integrity.
Care is taken to choose a number that is unlike any other nearby area codes.
Care is taken to correct error in the scan.
Care is taken to delineate the facial features including the eyes and the mouth.
Care is taken to design curriculum that meets individual needs.
Care is taken to doubly ligate or suture ligate the gastric side of the short gastric vessels.
Care is taken to employ specific wording as requested by the client.
Care is taken to ensure conformity with the product specifications as referred in the order.
Care is taken to ensure descriptions of properties are accurate, and are written in good faith.
Care is taken to ensure proper placement of the ureters above the limbs of the graft.
Care is taken to ensure that all information in each publication is complete, accurate, and current.
Care is taken to ensure that each local office is represented in the officers group.
Care is taken to ensure that natural wetlands and wildlife are preserved.
Care is taken to ensure that no box contains all the elements of a complete print.
Care is taken to ensure that special dietary requirements are also covered.
Care is taken to ensure that the corporation never becomes a resident of Canada.
Care is taken to ensure that the data have full working accuracy.
Care is taken to ensure the algometer is held perpendicular to the skin along the thoracic kyphosis.
Care is taken to ensure the comfort and safety of every participant.
Care is taken to ensure variety.
Care is taken to eradicate the tissue but retain the underlying muscle and periosteum.
Care is taken to explain each estate plan in plain language and simple terms.
Care is taken to explain how things work behind the scenes.
Care is taken to fill in toilet holes after use.
Care is taken to filter out duplicate votes.
Care is taken to fully explain all results of our analysis.
Care is taken to give individual taste and garnish to each dish on the menu.
Care is taken to help the family locate appropriate resources.
Care is taken to identify and preserve the ilioinguinal nerve.
Care is taken to identify persons who are expert in their fields and objective in their judgments.
Care is taken to identify, and avoid or manage, any potential conflicts of interest.
Care is taken to include adequate detail and development.
Care is taken to include characters of varying racial, religious, and socioeconomic status.
Care is taken to include only non-copyrighted material or material copyrighted by the page owner.
Care is taken to include opportunities to strengthen and refine fine and gross motor skills.
Care is taken to include the mucosa in each stich.
Care is taken to insure uniformity of grading standards across all discussion sections.
Care is taken to keep the composite smooth, minimal, and out of occlusion.
Care is taken to keep the tip of the dissecting hemostat tenting the skin at all times.
Care is taken to keep water from the container until after sperm has been added.
Care is taken to leave brushy areas connected so that game travel is affected as little as possible.
Care is taken to leave pipeline construction sites in their pre-construction state.
Care is taken to limit any injury to the small connections between the nerve fibers.
Care is taken to make everyone feel comfortable and at home.
Care is taken to make sure camp life is good for the planters.
Care is taken to make sure everything is as natural as possible.
Care is taken to make sure the domes are at equal levels.
Care is taken to make the recipes accessable to the modern cook.
Care is taken to make the scenarios challenging, but believable and within the students' abilities.
Care is taken to match roles with current level of vocalism.
Care is taken to match the original color, form and texture when repairing with modern materials.
Care is taken to match the project staff with the needs of the meeting professional.
Care is taken to match the support to student's individual needs.
Care is taken to match tours to the expressed interests of the visiting group.
Care is taken to maximize profits to benefit the skilled and needy craftspeople.
Care is taken to minimize damage to browse and hardwood trees while thinning.
Care is taken to monitor activity levels and provide medication or a rest break if necessary.
Care is taken to never minimize a tornado threat, only to properly define it.
Care is taken to nurture individual interests and abilities which enhance level of functioning.
Care is taken to observe food allergies and other health restrictions.
Care is taken to only go through the flesh so no internal organs are touched.
Care is taken to pack the data in a logically causal fashion, so the decoder can unpack it.
Care is taken to preserve any undamaged cartilage.
Care is taken to prevent injuries during the prolonged seizure.
Care is taken to prevent multiple pregnancy.
Care is taken to prevent water spray from getting on the heater elements.
Care is taken to produce a homogeneous dynamic range which encourages improvisation by the visitor.
Care is taken to produce materials clearly and effectively.
Care is taken to produce only quality work.
Care is taken to properly match mentors with students.
Care is taken to protect the supraorbital neurovascualr bundles bilaterally.
Care is taken to provide accurate product information.
Care is taken to provide tutoring consistent with classroom methods and approaches.
Care is taken to reduce the pain and discomfort of the patients while undergoing treatment.
Care is taken to regulate the temperature and the rate at which the tea goes through the dryer.
Care is taken to relate themes in fiction to some of the analytical issues of the course.
Care is taken to remove trees without damaging the understory stems.
Care is taken to respect modesty.
Care is taken to rotate referrals among all the volunteer doctors.
Care is taken to see that no group or individual is unfavorably compared with another.
Care is taken to smooth medially and posteromedially on the bone end.
Care is taken to space symposia in somewhat similar fields several years apart.
Care is taken to structure wiring to assure that business LANs to operate efficiently.
Care is taken to suppress a spurious and artificial phase boundary.
Care is taken to the various tissues involved.
Care is taken to treat all people with respect for their beliefs.
Care is taken to use paints that match the original colors of the structures.
Care is taken to wash over the foulness of the subject with a pleasing tamieh.
Care is taken to welcome guests to the table through both verbal and printed announcements.
Care is taken toaccurately distinguish the crus from the esophagus.
Care is taken via research and nurturing to maintain the gardens with vintage plants.
Care is taken when adjusting the dead time and timing the deflection packets.
Care is taken when completing the written profile.
Care is taken when planning the menus to provide for optimum client satisfaction.
Care is taken when transporting, decanting and diluting disinfectants.
Care is taken with blood vessels and the deep peroneal nerve.
Care is taken with each bottle for cleanliness and accuracy.
Care is taken with every detail of every meal.
Care is taken with the nearby origin of the left coronary artery.
Care is taken, as each bench is hand troweled and broom finished.
Care is taken, however, to applaud and appreciate the efforts of all students.
Care is the big word to describe everyone.
Care is the consenting commitment of citizens to one another.
Care is the embodiment of reverence.
Care is the only one who can get in.
CARE is the only sanctuary in the country for orphaned baboons.
Care is the opposite of apathy.
Care is the soulful, nurturing counterpart.
Care is the source of conscience, for conscience shows itself in care.
Care is the source of eros, tenderness, and love.
CARE is the world's largest private relief and development agency.
CARE is the world's largest private relief and development organization.
Care is to be taken at all floodways, and creek and river crossings.
Care is to be taken if dealing with broken glass or sharps .
Care is to be taken to place ministry articles on the proper page.
CARE is truly a gift that directs people to a better life.
Care is up to guests.
Care is used to carry the steaming hot rice.
Care is very good in general.
Care is very similar for both .
Care is very straight-forward.
Care is way back to being.
Care is what it takes to make things healthy, even the cells of the body.
Care is words.
Care is work
Care is work.
Care is worry, anxiety and distress.
Care is, indeed, the manifestation of a community.
Care isa activity.
Care lasts more than one year.
Care leads to production.
CARE maintains a segregated reserve fund to ensure all future payments.
CARE makes it easy to do just that.
CARE manages wide-ranging programs throughout Indonesia.
Care means avoiding overhead moisture on green leaves.
Care means deep and more frequent water penetration to avoid alkaline build-up.
Care means more water at the root level to offset the faster moisture evaporation though the leaves.
Care needs at home during terminal illness.
Care needs related to disabilities other than sight loss are also relevant.
Care needs to be exercised .
Care needs to be exercised to ensure that workers understand the risks and hazards involved.
Care needs to be exercised when using public transportation, too.
Care needs to be given to course limitations and requirements.
Care needs to be taked as there is a huge amount of hydrogen produced.
Care needs to be taken about the selection and routing of the high voltage lead.
Care needs to be taken as to whose name assets are placed in.
Care needs to be taken for fallen trees which often block passage.
Care needs to be taken if the loan etc is for a 'non-trading' purpose.
Care needs to be taken in choosing the cultural setting for such an international event.
Care needs to be taken in deselecting.
Care needs to be taken in interpreting the results of either, however.
Care needs to be taken in placing reliance on statements from suppliers.
Care needs to be taken in their interpretation.
Care needs to be taken regarding market capitalisation, float and liquidity.
Care needs to be taken so that theft and vandalism is less of a possibility.
Care needs to be taken that an appropriate degree of confidentiality is maintained.
Care needs to be taken that no solid particles are projected with the paper.
Care needs to be taken that the profile is balanced.
Care needs to be taken to avoid compacting the soil during and after obtaining the core.
Care needs to be taken to avoid lap marks.
Care needs to be taken to avoid seam imprints on the right side of fabric.
Care needs to be taken to ensure interconnectivity between different network types.
Care needs to be taken to ensure that bunches are uniform.
Care needs to be taken to ensure that hospitality is extended to disabled persons.
Care needs to be taken to ensure that important content is available in alternative formats.
Care needs to be taken to ensure that unsupported languages are handled properly.
Care needs to be taken to ensure the correct one is used.
Care needs to be taken to ensure the device is comfortable to wear in hot and humid climates.
Care needs to be taken to hang the pieces properly because they are rather heavy.
Care needs to be taken to prevent an obese or underfed goldfish.
Care needs to be taken to prevent damage to the roots.
Care needs to be taken to stay alert and to protect personal belongings etc.
Care needs to be taken when allocating children to work experience placements.
Care needs to be taken when around horses and other animals.
Care needs to be taken when deleting blocks within tests.
Care needs to be taken when inserting into the collet.
Care needs to be taken when removing the collection canister from the patient care areas.
Care needs to be taken when riding one of the new, comfortable trams being introduced.
Care needs to be taken when using the mmap subroutine if the program attempts to map itself.
Care needs to be taken when using visuals for aesthetic reasons.
Care needs to be taken with antihistamines when driving, flying or underwater diving.
Care needs to be taken with the seeds.
Care obviously needs to be taken to avoid a situation which misleads.
CARE offers a wide range of services to faculty, staff, and their family members.
CARE operates environmental projects in Africa, Asia and Latin America.
Care ought to be taken with costumes, as some can be downright dangerous.
Care pathways development and implementation.
CARE plans to drive on without city commissioners.
Care prevents deformities.
Care prevents health problems.
Care prevents major health problems.
Care prevents major problems.
Care prevents problems.
Care promotes health.
Care promotes oral health.
Care provided in the child s home is based on the parent s county of residence.
CARE provides a library of energy management functions and control operators.
CARE provides a workspace with a sidebar of control icons to choose from and place in the workspace.
CARE provides food for people after natural disaster and civil conflicts.
CARE provides loans to community associations that in turn make loans to their members.
Care provides relief.
CARE provides solutions that bring opportunity and hope.
Care ranges from an acute inpatient geriatric unit to outpatient assessment.
Care ranges from neonatal to geriatric age groups.
Care ranges from personal care, companionship, errands, cooking, and light housekeeping.
Care Refer to the directions on the sewn-in care label to determine recommended garment care.
Care refers to the medical treatment necessary for recovery.
Care regarding references is extremely important.
Care rendered in a hospital is far more expensive.
CARE reports banditry and general security for staff and refugees are major concerns.
CARE reports that a lifeline for thousands of families is in jeopardy.
CARE reports the food pipeline has sufficient stockpiles for about two weeks.
Care requires energy.
Care requires minimal energy.
Care requires shampoos.
Care requires vaccines.
CARE Revises various provisions governing child-care facilities.
CARE says many more are needed.
Care seems similar to the bearded dragons.
Care shows benefits.
CARE supports programs to improve maternal and child health.
Care taken here lessens the load on the servos and thus battery charges last longer.
Care takes place in the patient s home.
CARE takes steps to help the hundreds of thousands affected.
CARE takes the food and sells it to generate cash to support the program that is needed most.
Care takes time.
Care takes two important ingredients.
CARE teaches people to recognize and to avoid land mines.
CARE understands the importance of including men in family planning education.
CARE uses several types of programs to respond to the complex problem of poverty.
Care varies in quality, particularly in remote areas.
Care wants the same standard to apply to other government entities.
Care Wash in hot, soapy water.
Care Wash the face with a gentle soap or a mild milky cleanser.
Care Wash with hot soapy water, using a scouring pad if necessary.
Care Wash with hot, soapy water Never use scouring pads.
Care Wash with hot, soapy water.
CARE works in Niger to improve the quality of available water supplies.
CARE works with individuals and communities to promote healthy behaviors.
CARE works with local partners to increase awareness about the importance of education.
CARE wraps up cyclone relief in Bangladesh.
Cares fall away, tensions ease, life feels good.
Cares have no place on hikes.
Cares wash away.
Cares weighing a thousand pounds each, come to unload in the room.
Care always take time.
Care often takes place in the home with an untrained relative or partner as the primary carer.
All care giving relationships are confidential.
All care has to be taken that it is handled according to established rules and regulations.
All care is administered under the supervision of a clinical nursing staff.
All care is based on achieving a preinjury status.
All care is by appointment with the exception of active duty sick call.
All care is combined in one non-profit health care organization.
All care is coordinated with medical oncology and radiation oncology.
All care is coordinated with the child's local primary care physician.
All care is focused on quality of life.
All care is free and fully confidential.
All care is free of charge for any client.
All care is free, and it is dependent almost entirely on voluntary donations.
All care is free.
All care is given as an outpatient.
All care is given to making the General Catalog as accurate as possible.
All care is given, whenever possible, in the familiar setting of the patient's home.
All care is on an outpatient basis.
All care is provided at no charge to the patients and their families.
All care is provided by licensed therapists.
All care is provided by qualified caregivers who receive ongoing training on a yearly basis.
All care is provided during pre scheduled appointments.
All care is provided for teens without parental consent.
All care is provided free of charge to the patients.
All care is provided in one convenient and supportive setting.
All care is provided through two facilities located in Appleton.
All care is provided under the direction of the patient's primary physician.
All care is provided under the direction of the patient's private physician.
All care is taken by staff undertaking work for customers, but no responsibility is accepted.
All care is taken to ensure information provided is accurate.
All care is taken to select the most safe and clean teen chat rooms.
All care is taken with packaging.
All care is taken with preparation of the material contained herein.
All care is taken with pricing recorded on our web site.
All care is taken, but no responsibility.
All care is taken, but no Responsibility.
All care plans nurture strengths and build assets to enhance self-help.
All care provided by a resident is supervised by a staff consultant.
All care provided is strictly confidential and remains separate from a student's academic career.
All care requires appointments.
All cares vanish as the coffee cup is raised to the lips.
Every care is gone.
Every care is taken for treatment of solid wastes, discharged liquids and atmospheric releases.
Every care is taken of the students' health.
Every care is taken to avoid wasting copper and it is recycled where possible.
Every care is taken to ensure accuracy concerning authorship, origin, age, condition, etc.
Every care is taken to ensure our cider is pure and wholesome.
Every care is taken to ensure that hotel descriptions are accurate.
Every care is taken to ensure the accuracy of the infomation contained herein.
Every care is taken to ensure the perfection of the final collection which reaches the client.
Every care is taken to ensure the postage charges are kept to a minimum.
Every care is taken to ensure the students' health.
Every care is taken to package the goods securely.
Every care is taken to protect found property.
Every care is taken to publish ads as ordered.
Every care is taken to reproduce the individuals particulars on our lists.
Every care is taken to see that guests enjoy the best of cooking.
More care has to be taken in the hiring of a tennis coach.
More care is delivered outside the hospital.
More care is given to teaching teenagers geometry or trigonometry than how to parent.
More care is needed in decontaminating food preparation surfaces.
More care is needed to weigh the costs.
More care is put into that code than any other.
More care is recommended in the bush and in hot weather, when snakes are more active.
More care is taken in the assembly and gluing of marine plywood boards.
More care needs to be taken when entries are being done manually, deck entries at meets, etc.
Most care affects ability.
Most care encourages growth.
Most care encourages hair growth.
Most care encourages healthy growth.
Most care encourages healthy hair growth.
Most care explains importance.
Most care focuses on decisions.
Most care focuses on other symptoms.
Most care focuses on symptoms.
Most care has impact.
Most care helps healthy life.
Most care helps life.
Most care helps quality.
Most care improves chances.
Most care improves quality.
Most care includes cost.
Most care includes fluid therapy.
Most care includes good hygiene.
Most care includes good oral hygiene.
Most care includes hygiene.
Most care includes oral hygiene.
Most care includes therapy.
Most care includes water.
Most care involves families.
Most care involves progress.
Most care is delivered on an outpatient basis.
Most care leads to production.
Most care prevents health problems.
Most care prevents major health problems.
Most care prevents major problems.
Most care prevents problems.
Most care promotes health.
Most care promotes oral health.
Most care provides relief.
Most care requires energy.
Most care requires minimal energy.
Most care requires shampoos.
Most care requires vaccines.
Most care shows benefits.
Much care is given to include packages that have proven themselves.
Much care is made in creating snapshots.
Much care is necessary to avoid an excess of chlorine.
Much care is necessary to process the memories and feelings in a safe and manageable manner.
Much care is taken by everyone in our industry to avoid killing honey bees.
Much care is taken planting, transplanting, fertilizing and watering.
Much care is taken to assure the proper care and respect is shown for rodeo animals.
Much care is taken to create an environment that is beautiful, rhythmic, and purposeful.
Much care is taken to make sure the sounds are as rich, full, and is as life like as possible.
Much care is taken to make sure the sounds are as rich, full, and life like as possible.
Much care is taken to make the donor as comfortable as possible.
Much care is taken to protect the dignity of the individual.
Some care ensures lifestyle.
Some care extends life.
Some care has to be taken in selecting such examples.
Some care helps health.
Some care helps predation.
Some care helps symptoms.
Some care improves offspring survival.
Some care improves survival.
Some care includes catheters.
Some care includes fertilization.
Some care includes grooms.
Some care includes plants.
Some care includes removals.
Some care includes tests.
Some care includes urinary catheters.
Some care incorporates components.
Some care is also good with the other cleaners.
Some care is called for when assembling the fuselage as there are no locating pins.
Some care is covered by pet insurance.
Some care is necessary here.
Some care is necessary to assure that the router recognizes the change in addresses.
Some care is necessary to prevent a living tree from dying indoors.
Some care is needed because of the multiple valuedness of arg.
Some care is needed in use of the smaller screwdrivers to avoid damage.
Some care is needed to keep track of which vector has the current data set.
Some care is provided by scorpions.
Some care lasts for months.
Some care makes differences.
Some care makes real differences.
Some care needs to be given to the choice of the interval of values for x.
Some care needs to be taken while handling the transmission.
Some care needs to be taken with the style of heads and lists.
Some care offers excellent opportunity.
Some care offers opportunity.
Some care provides wealth.
Some care requires mothers.
Some care requires therapy.
Some care requires transfusions.
Some care requires types.
Some care says in statements.
Some care shows diversity.
Some care shows great diversity.
Some care shows importance.
Some care uses services.
Some care uses technology.
Career academies offer students academic programs organized around a broad career theme.
Career assessment becomes more valuable the closer a student is to graduation.
Career assessment is also available to assist students in making vocational and training choices.
Career assessment is available for a nominal fee.
Career assessment is provided to assist in identifying future training goals.
Career break is possible but difficult.
Career break is possible, although re-entry is competitive.
Career breaks are difficult due to technical advances.
Career breaks are difficult.
Career breaks are now more common.
Career breaks are possible but are easier for technical specialists and contractors.
Career breaks are possible but it is necessary to keep up to date with current issues.
Career breaks are possible but job share is difficult.
Career breaks are possible but part-time work is rare.
Career breaks are possible but re-entry can be difficult.
Career breaks are possible for both men and women.
Career breaks are possible if skills, especially IT are maintained.
Career breaks are possible in certain circumstances.
Career breaks are possible provided skills are kept up to date.
Career breaks are possible, but irregular hours can be very disruptive to social and family life.
Career breaks are possible, but part-time work is uncommon and only in laboratories.
Career breaks are possible, however part-time work is unlikely.
Career breaks are possible, part-time work less so.
Career breaks are possible.
Career breaks are unlikely.
Career breaks range from a few weeks to five years.
Career builder provides assistance creating a cover letter, resume, and tips for job interviews.
Career center provides a list of sources for jobs performed by economists.
Career centers have information.
Career centers vary in what services they offer.
Most career centers have information.
Most career centers have job listings that are organized according to profession.
Most career centers have no fees for up to a year beyond graduation.
Career change is inevitable.
Career changes can be one of the most energizing aspects of aging.
Career changes constitute tremendous opportunities.
Career changes create stress.
Career choice is a difficult area for students to deal with.
Career choices are among the most important, and in many cases, complex.
Career choices are and can only be the responsibility of the individual.
Career choices are important.
Career choices are life choices .
Career choices are varied.
Career choices can be difficult.
Any career choice is a risk.
Many career choices are available in public and institutional administration.
Many career choices are available in the profession of accountancy.
Many career choices exist for students of the biological sciences.
Many career choices exist in public and institutional administration.
Many career choices overlap in more than one pathway area.
Some career choices dictate more interdisciplinary kinds of curricula.
Some career choices require special certification.
Career coaching can help set positive goals and directions for changes.
Career colleges have highly competitive fee structures.
Career counseling begins during the freshman year.
Career counseling begins with assessing student needs and establishing counseling goals.
Career counseling begins with the assignment of faculty advisors in the first year.
Career counseling begins within the first few weeks of school through a program seminar orientation.
Career counseling can benefit people who already have a job.
Career Counseling can help a student plan and organize their major and career decisions.
Career Counseling Get the best advice out there.
Career counseling Getting through college requires the pursuit of a career.
Career counseling helps to clarify career possibilities and move toward a decision.
Career counseling incorporates career planning but goes beyond it.
Career counseling is a complex task.
Career counseling is a free service provided by the college.
Career counseling is a rewarding field.
Career counseling is also a great help to many law students.
Career counseling is also available.
Career counseling is an important issue for students.
Career counseling is another effective developmental tool.
Career counseling is available by appointment during our weekly office hours.
Career counseling is available by appointment or during walk-in hours.
Career counseling is available by appointment without charge.
Career counseling is available by appointment.
Career counseling is available during office hours.
Career counseling is available for all full-time course study areas.
Career counseling is available for students who are undecided about their career and academic goals.
Career counseling is available in the department of the student's major.
Career counseling is available on a drop-in or appointment basis.
Career counseling is available through the center.
Career counseling is available to assess and improve the student's job preparation skills.
Career counseling is available to college-oriented high school juniors and seniors.
Career counseling is available.
Career counseling is beneficial.
Career counseling is considered to be an important part of total life adjustment.
Career counseling is done individually in three to four sessions.
Career counseling is guidance
Career counseling is guidance.
Career counseling is just one of the many recommended steps in the process of self-assessment.
Career counseling is offered through testing and counseling procedures.
Career counseling is offered to all students, including alumnae.
Career counseling is part of the curriculum.
Career counseling is provided by appointment.
Career counseling is provided on an individual basis by the department head and staff.
Career counseling is provided throughout the year.
Career counseling is provided to help students clarify their academic and vocational interests.
Career counseling is provided to help the students choose their future path.
Career counseling is provided to residents by our full-time and voluntary faculty.
Career counseling is relatively new.
Career counseling is specific to student interests and talents.
Career counseling is supplemented by an energetic program of workshops and other programs.
Career Counseling Make an appointment to talk with a counselor.
Career counseling requires skill in assessing a student's readiness for engaging in career work.
Career counseling requires the expertise of a trained professional.
Career counseling varies from college to college.
Career counselor develop workplace learning programs, organize career fairs.
Career counselors agree that many job seekers leave valuable resources untapped.
Career counselors are also available for in-depth counseling.
Career counselors are also available to advise individuals requiring additional assistance.
Career counselors are also available to help with career assessment, guidance, and placement.
Career counselors are also available.
Career counselors are available by appointment.
Career counselors are available for drop-in visits or by appointment.
Career counselors are available for individual assistance.
Career counselors are available on an appointment basis for mock interviews.
Career counselors are available to assist students beginning a job campaign.
Career counselors are available to interpret and discuss results of their exploration.
Career counselors are available to serve students with their career planning needs.
Career counselors are available year-round.
Career counselors are available.
Career counselors are happy to help at any step of the way.
Career counselors assist people with the process of making career decisions.
Career counselors assist workers.
Career counselors can also help with choosing and changing majors .
Career counselors can use it to help clients find their niche.
Career counselors can use the site to make students aware of career alternatives.
Career counselors exist for that purpose.
Career counselors give the certificate courses mixed reviews.
Career counselors have a duty never to demean the importance of staying plugged in to the grapevine.
Career counselors have degrees.
Career counselors have master degrees.
Career counselors have masters.
Career counselors help people make career decisions.
Career counselors hold a graduate degree in counseling with a specialization in career counseling.
Career counselors insist on vetting their resumes before they are mailed out.
Career counselors offer some important advice for online job seekers.
Career counselors point out that the best way to find a new job is through personal contacts.
Career counselors provide information about graduate school and career selection.
Career counselors report that employers are showing increased interest in liberal arts graduates.
Career counselors say the new technology vastly improves the job-seeking process.
Career counselors say volunteering can provide rsum additions and needed social contact.
Career counselors work in colleges, businesses, government agencies, and career centers.
Career counselors work with clients at various stages of their careers.
Career counselors work with students who are uncertain about their career direction.
Many career counselors use it.
Most career counselors are self-employed.
Most career counselors assist workers.
Most career counselors have degrees.
Most career counselors have master degrees.
Most career counselors have masters.
Most career counselors recommend an assertive approach.
Some career counselors work in colleges.
Some career counselors work in firms.
Career criminals develop certain techniques.
Career day is free of charge to all participants, including exhibitors.
Career development begins and success depends on effective career counseling.
Career development begins in the earliest grades with awareness, exploration, and practice.
Career development can be rapid but is dependent upon performance.
Career development Can progress to senior technical or supervisory posts.
Career development Can progress to work for a fee-earner of higher status eg senior partner.
Career development Changing posts provides experience of responsibility and variety.
Career development Continuing professional development is an integral part of teaching.
Career development Depends on size of organisation.
Career development helps employees to attain career objectives.
Career development includes the following process.
Career development is a continuous process of learning to make good life choices.
Career development is a joint undertaking to be shared by the manager and individual employees.
Career development is a life long process.
Career development is a lifelong and multi-dimensional process of choices and adjustments.
Career development is a life-long process that is perpetually in motion.
Career development is a lifelong process, and one that can be difficult at times.
Career development is a life-long process.
Career development is a lifelong process.
Career development is a major component in the training of students.
Career development is a on going, never ending project in our life.
Career development is a self-directed activity.
Career development is an essential education component.
Career development is an important area for our company.
Career development is an ongoing organizational obligation.
Career development is another integral part of our human resource plans.
Career development is as much a matter of breadth as it is depth.
Career development is considered an essential component of every student s education.
Career development is considered at every stage of the student's progress throughout the program.
Career development is coordinated with other student services providers on campus.
Career development is development.
Career development is enhanced.
Career development is essential in maintaining quality staff.
Career development is important to employees.
Career development is infused in the program through career-simulated assignments and projects.
Career development is measured in job title, promotions, salary, raises, and bonuses.
Career development is more than simply answering ads in the newspaper.
Career development is never over.
Career development is open and highly flexible.
Career development is separate from disciplinary processes.
Career development is supported by effective networking.
Career development is the responsibility of the employee.
Career development is viewed from the organization's training perspective.
Career development is what more and more people are asking for.
Career development is yet another subject that is of immediate importance.
Career development occurs gradually, throughout a person's lifetime.
Career development says adults are important.
Career development strives to be a collaborative effort across the curriculum.
Most career development deals with that.
Career education combines personal guidance with a volunteer placement in a local office or agency.
Career education goes beyond providing information about jobs and the world of work.
Career education is a concept which can be taught in the classroom at all grade levels.
Career education is a continuous process.
Career education is also an integral part of the learning experience.
Career education is but one element of higher education.
Career education is developmental, as is literacy or numeracy education.
Career education is evident in all classrooms.
Career education is included with research, writing and presentations.
Career education is more prevalent.
Career education is one element of higher education.
Career fairs are a valuable opportunity to obtain information about unfamiliar employers.
Career fairs are all about networking.
Career fairs are also a great place to hunt for a job.
Career fairs are an excellent way of identifying co-op opportunities.
Career fairs are an important part of health careers.
Career fairs are another excellent way to test the water.
Career fairs are valuable when they provide personal interaction with career professionals .
Career fairs attract hundreds, sometimes thousands of people.
Career fairs bring employers from around the country to one central location.
Career fairs complement the departmental advising program.
Career fairs provide another avenue.
Career guidance can also include testing.
Career guidance helps students learn about their interests, abilities, work values, and aspirations.
Career guidance is a systematic program of coordinated information and experiences.
Career guidance is different, yet related to the concept of career development.
Career guidance is important for older students.
Career guidance is offered on an individual basis after the program.
Career guidance is often hard to find on the job.
Career information relates to areas.
Career ladders differ depending on the positions and fields involved.
Career ladders is another area to look into.
Career ladders represent guidelines that describe the normal pattern of advancement.
Career management is a concept that makes lots of sense in today's world of work.
Career management is an ongoing process that starts with deciding what university course to study.
Career management is an ongoing process.
Career mode allows players to advance through circuits earning money and cars along the way.
Career mode has full economy features built into it.
Career mode is a mixed bag.
Career mode is by far the most impressive of all.
Career mode is by far the most interesting.
Career mode is good for hours and hours of fun.
Career mode is much more detailed.
Career mode is the heart of the game.
Career mode is the real meat and two veg.
Career mode is where things get really interesting.
Career moves are consumer buying decisions.
Career moves are most likely to be successful if they are planned and properly prepared for.
Career moves go smooth with sharpened skills.
Career moves go smoothly with sharpened skills.
Career Moves Welcome to the workin' week.
Any career move needs careful planning.
Career objective helps administrators in initial screening process.
Career objective is to manage a school library media center.
Career objective is vague.
Career objectives are often either too limiting or too broad.
Career officers use the degree to augment their professional experience with academic credentials.
Career opportunities abound at Lowry for dedicated experienced professionals.
Career opportunities abound for CFEs, and more are growing.
Career opportunities abound for graphic designers.
Career opportunities abound for MBAs.
Career opportunities abound for nurses prepared at the baccalaureate level.
Career opportunities abound for radiologic technologists throughout the country.
Career opportunities abound for the medical technologist.
Career opportunities abound in geology and geophysics.
Career opportunities abound in social work.
Career opportunities abound in the armed forces for people with high mathematical abilities.
Career opportunities abound in the field of electronics.
Career opportunities abound there.
Career opportunities abound, and so do possibilities for internships and co-ops.
Career opportunities abound, depending on the employer, the industry, and the city.
Career opportunities appear excellent.
Career opportunities are abundant and cover a wide variety of personal interests.
Career opportunities are abundant both in Florida's large agricultural industry and worldwide.
Career opportunities are abundant for graduates of our program.
Career opportunities are also available in administration, research and teaching.
Career opportunities are also available in the armed forces.
Career opportunities are also available outside of the traditional hospital setting.
Career opportunities are as diverse and flexible as our students' interests and experiences.
Career opportunities are as varied as the environment itself.
Career opportunities are as varied as the programmes of study.
Career opportunities are available as a certified nursing assistant or as a registered nurse.
Career opportunities are available as technicians, engineering assistants and industrial sales.
Career opportunities are available at numerous branch locations.
Career opportunities are available in a variety of professional settings.
Career opportunities are available in a wide range of human and social service areas.
Career opportunities are available in Central Oregon.
Career opportunities are available in clinics, hospitals, schools, and private practice.
Career opportunities are available in every field.
Career opportunities are available in federal, state, and local public health programs.
Career opportunities are available in locations across the United States.
Career opportunities are available in manufacturing, research and development.
Career opportunities are available in many areas.
Career opportunities are available in power generation, utilisation and transmission.
Career opportunities are available in the states of Alabama, Georgia, Mississippi and Tennessee.
Career opportunities are available teaching in both public and private schools.
Career opportunities are available throughout the country in rural and metropolitan areas.
Career opportunities are available throughout the resort.
Career opportunities are available throughout the United States.
Career opportunities are available.
Career opportunities are bright here.
Career opportunities are by no means limited to the agrifood sector, however.
Career opportunities are currently available at the following locations.
Career opportunities are diverse and plentiful for both men and women.
Career opportunities are diverse and virtually boundless.
Career opportunities are endless as a political science major.
Career opportunities are endless upon graduation.
Career opportunities are endless.
Career opportunities are equally broad.
Career opportunities are excellent and salary is comensurate with the level of education.
Career opportunities are excellent for quality graduates of any of the three concentrations.
Career opportunities are excellent for quality graduates of either of the concentrations.
Career opportunities are excellent, particularly in hospital laboratories and in diagnostic clinics.
Career opportunities are excellent.
Career opportunities are extensive and expanding.
Career opportunities are fairly stable.
Career opportunities are frequently available.
Career opportunities are good in both the private and public sector.
Career opportunities are in mining, manufacturing and construction industries.
Career opportunities are limited.
Career opportunities are many.
Career opportunities are more limited for aspiring third party neutrals.
Career opportunities are nearly unlimited in the construction industry.
Career opportunities are numerous and diverse within the Kinesiology Degree.
Career opportunities are numerous for persons with an associate degree in criminal justice.
Career opportunities are numerous in the field of private security for area business and industry.
Career opportunities are numerous.
Career opportunities are on the horizon.
Career opportunities are open to both women and men.
Career opportunities are particularly good for bilingual persons or minority members.
Career opportunities are particularly good for minority, bilingual or bicultural persons.
Career opportunities are particularly good, especially for bilingual or bicultural persons.
Career opportunities are plentiful and reward ing in both large and small companies.
Career opportunities are present in both industrial and allied health settings.
Career opportunities are present in industry, financial institutions, insurance, and real estate.
Career opportunities are quite diverse and are expanding everyday.
Career opportunities are quite diverse and expanding everyday.
Career opportunities are quite varied depending on the type of program a student designs.
Career opportunities are still plentiful.
Career opportunities are varied and excellent.
Career opportunities are varied and span the globe.
Career opportunities are varied depending on the preference of the individual.
Career opportunities are varied for graduates.
Career opportunities are varied, interesting, and satisfying.
Career opportunities are varied.
Career opportunities are very broad.
Career opportunities are very similar to many of the experiences the student has in the curriculum.
Career opportunities are virtually unlimited in the diesel industry.
Career opportunities are wide and varied for geophysicists.
Career opportunities are with energy companies, museums, universities, government agencies.
Career opportunities are with integrated energy fuels exploration companies and government agencies.
Career opportunities are with many different kinds of companies and government agencies.
Career opportunities are worldwide and as varied as the field of construction.
Career opportunities depend on the emphasis selected.
Career opportunities exceed the number of available graduates five to one.
Career opportunities exist at all levels of the horse industry.
Career opportunities exist for claims adjusters, claims appraisers, claims clerical support staff.
Career opportunities exist for engineers from a variety of disciplines.
Career opportunities exist for outstanding engineers and scientists.
Career opportunities exist for qualified candidates at all our office locations.
Career opportunities exist in a growing area of service.
Career opportunities exist in a wide range of public and private settings.
Career opportunities exist in all areas of the country in both urban and rural areas.
Career opportunities exist in business and industry.
Career opportunities exist in business, industry and government.
Career opportunities exist in corporations and public agencies.
Career opportunities exist in environmental law, government, industry and academia.
Career opportunities exist in government, industry and education.
Career opportunities exist in manufacturing, retailing, service organizations and government.
Career opportunities exist in manufacturing, retailing, service organizations, and government.
Career opportunities exist in many fields and at all levels of business.
Career opportunities exist in many of the same organizations and fields as management.
Career opportunities exist in professional athletics, facilities management, and sports marketing.
Career opportunities exist in programming, operations, and application development.
Career opportunities exist in the aircraft, construction, and manufacturing industries.
Career opportunities exist in the areas of industrial research, consulting, and university teaching.
Career opportunities exist in the livestock production and meat industries and in related fields.
Career opportunities exist in the United States and abroad.
Career opportunities exist in various public agencies as well as in private industry.
Career opportunities exist with travel agents, tour operators and resorts.
Career opportunities exist with various government and policing agencies.
Career opportunities provide a number of choices which can fit the career goals of the graduates.
Career opportunities range from data entry operators to computer information specialists.
Career opportunities range from data entry operators to information processing assistants.
Career opportunities range from law enforcement to counseling, to recreation to clerical.
Career opportunities remain strong in archives and records management.
Career opportunities remain strong.
Career opportunities review.
Career opportunities vary depending on the subfield of linguistics.
Career opportunities vary depending upon the particular specialization of the student.
All career opportunities offer competitive salaries and attractive benefits.
Many career opportunities are available for graduates with a degree in mathematics.
Many career opportunities are available in addition to teaching.
Many career opportunities are available in environmental fields.
Many career opportunities are available in the medical office assistant field.
Many career opportunities are available that combine a language skill with another field.
Many career opportunities are available to a speech communication graduate.
Many career opportunities are available with the airlines, hotels and tourism agencies.
Many career opportunities await the students who choose to major in Biology.
Many career opportunities exist for civil engineers.
Many career opportunities exist for skilled interactive media professionals.
Many career opportunities exist in the accounting field.
Many career opportunities exist in the social sciences and related fields.
Many career opportunities flow from our connections with other people.
Many career opportunities relate to political science.
More career opportunities exist for representatives in businesses that deal with farms and ranches.
Most career opportunities require advanced training beyond the four-year baccalaureate degree.
Some career opportunities are limited to individuals with graduate degrees.
Career outlook is excellent .
Career outlook is excellent.
Career path includes the opportunity to move into development as company expands.
Career path is to continue to further the company in it's success.
Career path is to get used up and move on.
Career path is toward independent brokerage, development and investment.
Career path is uncertain.
Career paths allow students to see a relevance to their selected school courses.
Career paths are also quite separate.
Career paths are for all students.
Career paths are hard to figure on the desk.
Career paths are subject to budgetary constraints.
Career paths can be corporate-wide.
Career paths can take both technical and managerial routes.
Career paths change as economic circumstances and the relative influence of business firms change.
Career paths depend on the company.
Career paths lead from entry-level management positions up to senior management positions.
Career paths look very different in a broadbanded environment.
Career paths offered include internal auditing and managerial accounting among many others.
Career paths tend to differ as well.
All career paths begin with an investment of time working in one of our branch locations.
Many career paths are open to chemical engineering graduates .
Many career paths are open to psychology majors.
Career pathways allow students to see a relevance between their selected school courses.
Career pathways are a way to organize classes and career information on a school campus.
Career pathways can encompass a variety of occupations so that all students can fully participate.
Career pathways provide a smooth transition from high school to college.
Career pathways provide educational selections that develop occupational skills.
Career planning begins with self assessment.
Career planning can be an interesting and fun adventure.
Career planning can start early if a student develops a passion for a specific subject.
Career planning helps to ensure that an employee has a future with an organzation.
Career planning involves more than identifying a major and a job.
Career planning is a an art now and the job market is very competitive.
Career planning is a chance to get back on track.
Career planning is a continual process.
Career planning is a continuous process of self assessment, exploration, and decision making.
Career planning is a demanding task.
Career planning is a dynamic process occurring over the lifetime of an individual.
Career planning is a dynamic, developmental process occurring over the lifetime of the individual.
Career planning is a four-year process.
Career planning is a lifelong journey.
Career planning is a lifelong process.
Career planning is a life-long process.
Career planning is a long-term process requiring active participation.
Career planning is a lot like putting together a puzzle.
Career planning is a major part of the class.
Career planning is a process, and it takes time.
Career planning is a process.
Career planning is about choices.
Career planning is about making informed career decisions in an ever-changing world of work.
Career planning is addressed as it relates to professional development.
Career planning is an important tool in attracting good employees.
Career planning is an individual activity that occurs throughout a person's working lifetime.
Career planning is an integral part of college life.
Career planning is an ongoing and developmental process.
Career planning is an ongoing process from youth through adulthood.
Career planning is an ongoing process throughout life.
Career planning is an oxymoron.
Career planning is available for non-students.
Career planning is based on market forces.
Career planning is complicated.
Career planning is confidential and by appointment only.
Career planning is directly related to the student's academic blueprint.
Career planning is easier and more efficient than ever.
Career planning is indeed a subcomponent of life planning.
Career planning is introduced to students as early as ninth grade with a career inventory.
Career planning is like riding in a car.
Career planning is problematic.
Career planning is provided.
Career planning is unknown or untried by some students.
Career planning is very similar.
Career planning is wise, before and after college.
Career planning needs to start early.
Career planning seems to be high on the agenda.
Career planning starts freshman year.
Career planning takes the chaos out of fast-paced, urgent hires.
Career planning takes time and effort.
Career planning takes time, effort and emotional energy.
Career planning takes time.
Career politicians are wilder than college students.
Career politicians aspire to chair one of the subcommittees that oversee a portion of the spending.
Career politicians have a strong desire to control the spending of as much money as possible.
Career politicians spend trillions of tax dollars with the attitude that it's never enough.
Career politicians tend to compromise their ideals increasingly over time.
Career service features tens of thousands of job listings free for both employers and job seekers.
Career services are also available for alumni.
Career services are available to all students and alumni.
Career services can provide information about the number of copies needed for a particular class.
Career services gain steam as recruiters notice grad skills.
Career services help students develop and formalize their career ideas.
Career services help students make the most of their education, talents, and experiences.
Career services is able to highlight the college, the curriculum and students.
Career services is accessible online, and there's an infrared connection for computers.
Career services is the campus focal point for students, alumni, and potential employers.
Career services offers free c.v. workshops throughout the year.
Career services offers various programs to help the students prepare for their career.
Career services provide support for placement.
Career services provides job search assistance and career counseling.
All career services are free to alumni and students.
Some career services offer job seeking workshops that deal with writing job applications.
Career tests are to be used as a guide to do further exploration into careers of interest.
Career tests require an investment of time and money.
Career women tend to develop an air of independence which is harmful to a marriage.
Some career women find that staying home is, well, a bit boring.
A career is a job
Career advising and tutoring are also available.
Career advising professionals help their clients develop a job campaign.
Career arrives at a turning point in the second half of the year.
Career breaks difficult due to rapid technical changes.
Career breaks possible.
Career broadening chances are also available.
Career Calling Call it a good career move.
Career can be in several programs.
Career challenges for the laboratorian.
Career changes A major change from even two or three decades ago is in students' career paths.
Career classifieds online.
Career contacts Most offices do their own hiring.
Career courses at all levels.
Career includes movies, television, and commercials.
Career Internetworking Try their new career search along with job search tips.
Career is characterized by measurable results in all assignments.
Career is frustrating.
Career is important, but so are solutions to the crisis of global warming.
Career is in electronic pre-press.
Career is in their blood.
Career is over.
Career isa job.
Career isa occupation.
Career Leads . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Career leads for the whole world.
Career Links Our top picks from the universe of career development sites.
Career Moves Back to the main newsletter page.
Career opportunities postings and career answers, articles, links and humor.
Career Paths Many career choices exist for students of the biological sciences.
Career paths through math, science, and technology.
Career pathways for all students.
Career planning for expatriates is most successful when all levels of the company are involved.
Career planning no longer means a straight path.
Career plans .
Career plans for all students.
Career prospects Our Sociology graduates go into a variety of different careers.
Career reflects consistently high and increasing levels of responsibility.
Career related assessment is also available.
Career related workshops, job fairs and other events are available throughout the semester.
Career shadowing is available for interested students.
Career skills consistent with liberal arts and Christian objectives.
Career websites Bookmark-able online sites.
Career Welcome to blt atlanta .
Careers also exist in education, and with local and federal government agencies.
Careers also houses a selection of prospectuses from different universities.
Careers also lie in analytical chemistry, working to detect and analyse types of drugs.
Careers are also available in advertising, government and service industry.
Careers are also available in commercial recreation, outdoor recreation, and sport administration.
Careers are also available in research and medical education.
Careers are also available in several federal and state agencies regulating banking institutions.
Careers are also possible in government offices of public health related facilities.
Careers are always tricky.
Careers are another item of importance.
Careers are as diverse as they are challenging.
Careers are as varied as the organizations using computers.
Careers are at stake and the favoring of the less talented over the more competent is involved.
Careers are at stake here.
Careers are at stake, and it is clear that many are afraid.
Careers are at stake.
Careers are available for graduates in health care, industry, education, and government.
Careers are available for our graduates who want to remain in local industry.
Careers are available in a wide range of disciplines .
Careers are available in all major areas related to computer science.
Careers are available in industry, government, consulting, and education.
Careers are available in nearly every field of government, commerce, and industry.
Careers are available in private, commercial, and military aircraft and spacecraft industries.
Careers are available in public and private schools, colleges and universities.
Careers are available in research, development, quality assurance, and product testing.
Careers are available in the following major subject areas.
Careers are broad and range from engineers, computer specialists, administrators to medical fields.
Careers are different, training and backgrounds, attitudes.
Careers are expensive, technical people have to live off what they know.
Careers are in chaos.
Careers are in the process of joining forces.
Careers are just two of the topics covered.
Careers are like marriages or other major commitments in life.
Careers are no exception.
Careers are occupations.
Careers are on the line.
Careers are our job.
Careers are over, but life goes on and bigger and better things are ahead.
Careers are over.
Careers are progress.
Careers are rewarding and fulfilling.
Careers are short, and it's time to move on to something new.
Careers are short-term.
Careers are so much better.
Careers are unique to each person and are dynamic, unfolding throughout life.
Careers are very difficult to manage even under the best of circumstances.
Careers Be Part of Our Winning Team.
Careers biggs pharmacies is dedicated to being a leader in providing pharmacy services.
Careers can advance with proportionate speed.
Careers can be vertical, horizontal, cyclical or static.
Careers can end suddenly and salaries can be drastically cut.
Careers can include academic, government, and business avenues.
Careers can progress quickly.
Careers can take unexpected turns.
Careers can vary widely, from field investigations in remote locations to laboratory analyses.
Careers center with no additional work.
Careers change fast in online news.
Careers Changing careers is inevitable in today's job market.
Careers Choosing a career is the result of a long process.
Careers chosen by mathematicians fall into three categories.
Careers come and go.
Careers Come join our expanding team and make an industry better.
Careers creates up to five professionally formatted, public or private resumes.
Careers depend on every twirl, every pointed toe.
Careers depend on skin care that delivers.
Careers directly related to history include teaching, museum work and research.
Careers discussed are to be considered acceptable for either sex.
Careers don t have to be in any certain sequence.
Careers exist in large, medium and small companies.
Careers exist in technical sales.
Careers Find out about a real estate career.
Careers focus on strength.
Careers follow patterns.
Careers Get a great career with an industry leader.
Careers get in the way.
Careers Get prepared for a future filled with work.
Careers get stagnant without growth.
Careers hang in the balance.
Careers have to be forgotten midway and readjustments in social life are necessary.
Careers Help create the future of knowledge managment in healthcare.
Careers hinge on it.
Careers includes career tools, most popular jobs, and more.
Careers influence decisions.
Careers influence migration decisions.
Careers involve aspects.
Careers involve classifications.
Careers involve long-range planning.
Careers involve the management of animals, soils, water, plants and air.
Careers is a low cost and effective way to source excellent candidates.
Careers is aimed at increasing minority awareness of international career opportunities.
Careers is published weekly, on Sundays.
Careers keep on going.
Careers last only a few years because of debilitating injuries or retirements.
Careers Let's face it.
Careers limit the amount of time required to develop a healthy social life.
Careers listed as sociological tend to be primarily statistical.
Careers Listed below are some great places to find out about careers in geology.
Careers make contributions.
Careers make increasing demands on time and attention, like never before.
Careers offer another direction to follow.
Careers offer attractive entry-level salaries with excellent opportunities for professional growth.
Careers offer stability.
Careers Offers constant updates on the Asian job market.
Careers play a major part as well.
Careers profiled include electrician, welder, plumber, concrete finisher, and mason.
Careers provides in-depth perspectives about careers and job opportunities.
Careers range from almost every aspect of life.
Careers range from hands on law enforcement to positions in policy and administration.
Careers range within the industry, from sports administration, to outdoor recreation instruction.
Careers require advance degrees.
Careers require degrees.
Careers require large quantities of time and creative energy.
Careers ride on every major decision.
Careers rise and fall as a result of successful or failed delivery.
Careers rise and fall capriciously.
Careers See our current openings.
Careers seem particularly short-lived.
Careers Select any of the U-boats below for a full career file.
Careers span decades.
Careers span years.
Careers Take a career interest survey.
Careers talk by two researchers, talking about their different experiences.
Careers tend to be public relations, media, or performing arts.
Careers Use the links below to learn about careers.
Careers View current job opportunities.
Careers Visit professional chemistry societies, or go to online employment centers.
Careers work in mysterious ways.
Careers Work with a winning team .
Careers sometimes last but a few years.
All careers demand a great deal of tenacity.
All careers have the potential to be influenced or affected by the accounting profession.
All careers involve sales and marketing of a product or service.
All careers require adequate preparation, and some require specialized training.
All careers require the ability to deal efficiently with information.
All careers specifically related to speech and hearing sciences require at least a master degree.
Any career begins with a successful, well-rounded education.
Any career can be difficult or easy, drudgery or the energy that powers a person's life.
Every career has an associated Advance Scheme.
Every career has at least one crossroad.
Every career has both advantages and disadvantages.
Every career requires knowledge of business.
Every career starts somewhere and goes from there.
Every career starts somewhere.
Many careers are available in pharmaceutical research.
Many careers are available in soil science.
Many careers are available in the diesel field for people of diversified skills.
Many careers are available to mathematics majors.
Many careers are available to people interested in birds.
Many careers are available to the geography major or minor.
Many careers are male dominated because men are better suited for the job.
Many careers are open to the student who graduates with a major in English.
Many careers are open to theology graduates.
Many careers are possible with an undergraduate degree in Sociology.
Many careers can benefit from legal education.
Many careers claim to be professions, but there are several characteristics of true professions.
Many careers depend heavily on the study of chemistry.
Many careers involve mathematics.
Many careers require a bachelor's or advanced degree.
Many careers require a graduate degree for entry into the career.
Many careers require a knowledge of social relations and society.
Many careers require a thorough understanding of the theory and practice of communication.
Many careers require advanced training.
Many careers require certain types and amounts of formal education.
Many careers require specialized training and therefore necessitate advanced education.
Many careers start at age two and are over by age seven.
Many careers utilize analytical skills.
Most careers are highly dependent on whether the U.S. government continues to fund space missions.
Most careers are highly repetitive like mechanics or airplane pilots.
Most careers can wait.
Most careers focus on strength.
Most careers follow patterns.
Most careers have something to do with solving problems.
Most careers involve aspects.
Most careers involve classifications.
Most careers involve involve writing, no matter what they are.
Most careers make contributions.
Most careers offer stability.
Most careers require advance degrees.
Most careers require both knowledge in a field as well as experience in the field.
Most careers require computer knowledge.
Most careers require degrees.
Most careers require education beyond high school.
Most careers require further formal study in graduate or professional schools.
Most careers require graduate study.
Most careers require training or education.
Some careers are also available in recreation, and land and water management.
Some careers are performance oriented.
Some careers are planned, others are accidents.
Some careers are scientific in the academic sense and involve original research.
Some careers call for a certain measure of showmanship.
Some careers demonstrate forces.
Some careers die on it.
Some careers focus on technology.
Some careers have particular subject requirements.
Some careers involve infertility.
Some careers offer a few more perks then the rest.
Some careers provide life.
Some careers reqire an advanced degree or additional training.
Some careers require a college degree while others require technical school or on the job training.
Some careers require a foreign language as a primary skill.
Some careers require education beyond high school.
Some careers require further education after high school before starting the career.
Some careers require more training.
Some careers stipulate a specific degree.
Some careers take lots of schooling.
Some careers thrive on the opportunity.
Careerism also encourages exaggeration and the cherry-picking of results.
Careerism demands detachment.
Careerism is practice
Careerism too plays a role.
A careerist is a professional
Careerists fill nearly all of the latters' ambassadorial posts, and have for many decades.
Careers fairs are a fantastic opportunity for students to meet prospective employers.
Careers guidance is part of the curriculum for groups of students with learning difficulties.
Careers guidance is provided as required.
Careers paths are right at hand.
Careers services operate under different names in different areas.
Careers Students assume roles in writing, publishing,city planning and mapping.
Careers Students hear more authors, illustrators and publishing from an Internet article.
Careers Students invite a local artist to discuss art careers.
Careers Students learn how to complete and implement a lesson plan with a live audience.
Careers Students talk about careers as authors and illustrators of children's books.
Careful acclimatisation is absolutely vital, and it is the essential secret to success on Everest.
Careful adjustment is necessary, depending on side effects and degree of symptom control.
Careful adjustment is necessary, depending on side-effects and the degree of symptom control.
Careful analysis is important to building good rules, but the ultimate proof is thorough testing.
Careful analysis is in order.
Careful analysis is rare.
Careful analysis is recommended before making the decision.
Careful analysis is required on several fronts.
Careful analysis is required to choose a Q .
Careful analysis reveals that each black hole is approximately six times the mass of the Sun.
Careful analysis suggests that only the retailer is missing out.
More careful analysis suggests limits to the pledge.
Some careful analyses illustrate phagocytosis.
Careful anatomists declare that, using a few pieces, one can attempt to prove almost anything.
Careful annotations show the sources of data for each table for further study.
Careful application is involved, and serious thought.
Careful application is needed.
Careful aspiration is vital especially if the needle is moved.
Careful assessment is required before treatment, and monitoring is required during treatment.
Careful assessment is therefore essential.
Careful attention has to be paid towards fluid management, temperature control, etc.
Careful attention is devoted to proper measurement of chemical and physical properties.
Careful attention is given also to the clothing worn by the craftsmen.
Careful attention is given to choosing the right horse for each rider.
Careful attention is given to construction plans, site plans, landscaping, screening and aesthetics.
Careful attention is given to each and every element of construction.
Careful attention is given to each candle insuring top quality and consistency.
Careful attention is given to each individual's needs for where and with whom they live.
Careful attention is given to every detail of the fudge making process.
Careful attention is given to fabric selection and design.
Careful attention is given to group dynamics at all stages of the program.
Careful attention is given to hand placement and technique.
Careful attention is given to historical facts.
Careful attention is given to keeping the presentation fresh and engaging.
Careful attention is given to medical needs, recreation and pastoral concern.
Careful attention is given to names, and also the balance of whitel other races.
Careful attention is given to pilots that give our clients the best value for the investment.
Careful attention is given to proofs and definitions.
Careful attention is given to providing a safe and loving environment.
Careful attention is given to reduce the unwanted effects of chemotherapy.
Careful attention is given to sizing, cropping, contrast, burning and dodging.
Careful attention is given to the applicant's grade average in the academic subjects.
Careful attention is given to the compounding of physicians' prescriptions.
Careful attention is given to the expectations o the tourists.
Careful attention is given to the match among participating companies and our students.
Careful attention is given to the neuropsychologic and development effects of treatment.
Careful attention is given to the personal statement accompanying the application.
Careful attention is given to the selection of all elements to be used in a given site.
Careful attention is given to the student's objectives, needs, and preferences.
Careful attention is given to vegetarian and special dietary needs.
Careful attention is lavished upon every bead.
Careful attention is paid to authenticity and historical accuracy.
Careful attention is paid to caustic cleaners which upset the system.
Careful attention is paid to decorative effects, from tie-dye through computer generated imagery.
Careful attention is paid to delivering high quality care in a cost-effective manner.
Careful attention is paid to differentiating species-specific information.
Careful attention is paid to each transaction, large or small.
Careful attention is paid to every detail and, being made by hand, no two kettles are identical.
Careful attention is paid to finshing the inside surface of every ring also.
Careful attention is paid to follow-up care coordinating with the referring physician.
Careful attention is paid to how to analyze and present research findings.
Careful attention is paid to maintaining conservation properties locally in the discretization.
Careful attention is paid to mathematical detail and physical interpretations.
Careful attention is paid to movement and the correct speed for the dog.
Careful attention is paid to overall size, style, theme and contents.
Careful attention is paid to perioperative considerations as well as technical detail.
Careful attention is paid to placement of competing companies.
Careful attention is paid to pronunciation in class activities.
Careful attention is paid to pronunciation in classroom activities.
Careful attention is paid to restoring and maintaining fluids in the body.
Careful attention is paid to restoring surface detail.
Careful attention is paid to such missions so that there is no undue risk.
Careful attention is paid to surgical technique and dissection of the triceps tendon.
Careful attention is paid to the accuracy of input and documentation of sources.
Careful attention is paid to the accuracy of the list.
Careful attention is paid to the biblical principles of marriage.
Careful attention is paid to the creation of a rich, interactive and safe learning environment.
Careful attention is paid to the design process, the heart of product quality.
Careful attention is paid to the design, planning and organization stage of each project.
Careful attention is paid to the details of the liturgy.
Careful attention is paid to the development of relevant curriculum.
Careful attention is paid to the level of occlusion to avoid varicocele recurrence.
Careful attention is paid to the pacing of material throughout the semester.
Careful attention is paid to the progress of each summer associate.
Careful attention is paid to the relationship between the high velocity flame and the kettle.
Careful attention is paid to the scale at which spatial patterns and processes operate.
Careful attention is paid to whose story is being told, and whose story is left out of the text.
Careful attention is placed on noting any deviation from standard procedures.
Careful attention needs to be given to define vocabulary indigenous to a culture or context.
Careful attention needs to be paid to the hepatitis infected patient because they can bruise easily.
Careful attention needs to be paid to the meat when grilling.
Careful attention needs to be payed to reading the dial measurement.
Careful attitudes can improve the accuracy of statistics.
Careful auscultation can therefore help differentiate between upper and lower airway obstruction.
Careful beekeepers know that the best way to combat robbing is through prevention.
Careful biopsy is essential to confirm the correct diagnosis.
Careful bookkeeping is commendable, but the basics are required.
Careful breeding can produce better than average hearing.
Careful breeding is needed to maintain the standard of Australian flocks and herds.
Careful breeding produces strong plants that resist pests.
Careful brewing is essential to the quality of the final cup.
Many careful buyers study coins for some time before buying even a single coin.
Careful calculations help eliminate disposal problems associated with excess spray mix.
Careful calibration is suggested for the complete spreader range.
Careful check is required in survey work.
Careful choice is a better form of protection than invoking legal remedies.
Careful choices can keep the budget in line and still produce a luxurious personal retreat.
Careful choices can make Chinese and Mexican restaurants a good choice too.
Careful compliance is necessary.
Careful composition is virtually impossible.
Careful computations mean no wasted cafeteria plan money.
Careful configuration can also make it the most secure.
Careful configuration is required to keep the traffic to a minimum.
Careful consideration has to be given to cost, value, and purpose.
Careful consideration is advised for dollar limits set on the accounts.
Careful consideration is given each year to the optimum placement of each student.
Careful consideration is given from the conception to the execution of each gown.
Careful consideration is given to all applicants.
Careful consideration is given to all placements by the student teaching coordinator.
Careful consideration is given to applicants with non-A level qualifications.
Careful consideration is given to appropriate curriculum content.
Careful consideration is given to choosing participants ensuring a wide variety of exhibits.
Careful consideration is given to color and characteristics of the specific animal.
Careful consideration is given to combining quality design and economical production.
Careful consideration is given to composition.
Careful consideration is given to each adult applicant.
Careful consideration is given to each application.
Careful consideration is given to human use and care of animal subjects.
Careful consideration is given to humane use and care of animal subjects.
Careful consideration is given to input from the membership.
Careful consideration is given to insure that the interview questions are strictly job related.
Careful consideration is given to new ideas, new materials, and new techniques.
Careful consideration is given to the most dangerous bus routes in the district.
Careful consideration is necessary when choosing a metric.
Careful consideration is needed.
Careful consideration is paid to advocate sustainability with minimal budget impact.
Careful consideration is paid to enhancing the natural flavors.
Careful consideration is required.
Careful consideration is suggested when disclosing personal and current employment information.
Careful consideration needs to be given to cost versus control and reliability issues.
Careful consideration needs to be given to how the discussion is guided.
Careful consideration needs to be given to the edges of non-manifold surfaces.
Careful consideration needs to be made to determine the method for estimated tax payments.
Careful consideration prevents injuries.
Careful consideration prevents serious injuries.
Most careful consideration ought to be given unto the alternative offered by unbelief.
Most careful consideration prevents injuries.
Most careful consideration prevents serious injuries.
Careful construction begins.
Careful control is essential.
Careful control is the goal of the campaign.
Careful cooking preserves the fresh-cooked flavor, unusual in preserves.
Careful craftsmanship is as important to a speaker designer as it is to a violin or guitar maker.
Careful Criticism Brings Better Performance.
Careful decisions have to be made in the process of selection to avoid charges of censorship.
Careful deliberation leads to success.
Careful design allows the case to be opened without removing from the rackmount.
Careful design allows the creation of a smooth, symmetrical implosion shock wave.
Careful design can accommodate ample sight lines for visual surveillance.
Careful design can help take advantage of what Nature provides, even in Alaska.
Careful design can minimize voltage drops and noise.
Careful design enables access and splicing without service interruption for multi-core cables.
Careful design ensures that no command is more than two clicks away.
Careful design ensures that the space runs well on attendees' computers at modem speeds.
Careful design is essential.
Careful design is necessary to get the optimum result from simple strategies.
Careful design is needed to insure that the rooms are easy to use and easy to maintain.
Careful design is required to ensure weeks of continuous contamination free operation.
Careful design is required to obtain maximum benefit from vacuum insulation.
Careful design is sufficient in the case of seismometers.
Careful designs make more senses.
Careful designs make senses.
Most careful designs make more senses.
Most careful designs make senses.
Careful detail is put into designing logos, brochures, annual reports and commercials.
Careful detail makes each locale a living, breathing world.
Careful determination is made up front regarding future business ventures.
Careful diagnosis is essential to determine the correct treatment and rehabilitation program.
Careful diagnosis is necessary to confirm the disease.
Careful digging is necessary to prevent stripping off infected roots, thus incorrect diagnosis.
Careful distinction allows one to choose between joy and misery.
Careful distinction is made between manslaughter and murder.
Careful documentation is required to track the flow of money and prizes through the system.
Careful dosage is essential and requires a lot of skill or practise.
Careful drifts are still important, but there is a slightly greater margin for error.
Careful evaluation enriches scholarly projects by enabling the old ones to better inform the new.
Careful evaluation goes into considering when the gymnast is ready for competition.
Careful evaluation is done for any evidence of infection, or infected glands.
Careful evaluation is made of the appearance of the lining of the small intestine.
Careful evaluation is necessary to ensure accurate diagnosis.
Careful evaluation is needed to understand and modify any special risks.
Careful evaluation is required before laser treatment is undertaken.
Careful examination approaches the same level of accuracy when the false negatives are considered.
Careful examination is needed before surgery to separate the two conditions.
Careful examination is required to rule out the possibility of extrapulmonary tuberculosis.
Careful examination reveals the reduced fang of a lateral incisor on the right side.
Careful examination shows a brighter core elongated from northeast to southwest.
Careful examinations reveal causes.
Careful examinations show size.
Most careful examinations reveal causes.
Most careful examinations show size.
Careful experimentation is the key.
Careful experimenters deal with the first two items easily.
Careful explanation helps one climb the heights of an academic discipline.
Careful explanations occur in the class session at the beginning of the course.
Careful exposition is supplemented with literary and theological discussion.
Careful filtration cleanses the spirit without wiping out the flavor.
Careful footing is required over the rock slide before the trail continues upward to an open meadow.
Careful graphics make it useable.
Careful grooming indicates both thoroughness and self-confidence.
Careful guidance is given throughout the book.
Careful harvesting is desirable, good skin set is necessary.
Careful harvesting pays off long after the corn leaves the combine.
Careful history is needed to find out the cause and to try to eliminate it.
Careful history taking is vital.
Many careful hunters do bleed their kill by sticking just above the breastbone.
Careful hygiene can help reduce the spread of the infection.
Careful hygiene helps prevent the spread of infection at home and at work .
Careful hygiene is the only protection against cholera.
Careful inspection is required more often than for power transmission roller chain.
Careful inspection reveals the nodules to be on the skin surface.
More careful inspection does verify continuous volcanic plumes .
Careful installation is critical to effectiveness.
Careful installation is needed.
Careful integration can avoid lengthening time to degree.
Careful inventory is taken on every order.
Careful investigation precedes decision.
Careful judgement is needed here.
Careful landscaping can help direct excess surface waters away from the system.
Some careful light pruning during maturation can help make a better formed tree.
Careful lighting allows pool owners to change the mood of a pool.
Careful listeners can identify the purpose.
Careful maintenance improves efficiency, reduces waste, and lowers costs.
Careful maintenance is critical.
Careful maintenance is important.
Careful management can improve plant performance and still conserve moisture.
Careful management can improve the performance of plants and still conserve water.
Careful management can reduce the incidence of acidosis.
Careful management can reduce the rate of salinity build up and minimize the effects on crops.
Careful management can usually produce a wide variety of trees sizes, ages, and species.
Careful management facilitates a brainstorming session best.
Careful management is everything.
Careful management is needed if the unions are to survive and prosper.
Careful management is needed to control pathogens, toxic metals and toxic organics.
Careful management is needed to ensure minimal conflict between conservation and recreation.
Careful management is required for production of a profitable second crop.
Careful management is required if the caves and karst system are to be protected and maintained.
Careful management is the conclusion to which the experts come.
Careful management is the key to successful intensive vegetable gardens.
Careful management means no scheduled or salvage logging.
Some careful management provides grassland habitats.
Some careful management provides habitats.
Some careful management provides protect habitats.
Careful map reading best precedes any trip in unfamiliar areas.
Careful measurement is crucial to accurate measurement of dissolved oxygen.
Careful measurement plays a vital role in the study.
Careful measurements are important.
Careful measurements have to be taken so that the prosthesis fits properly.
Careful measurements show that pulsars are very gradually slowing down.
Careful monitoring can point out problem areas.
Careful monitoring can prevent problems later in life.
Careful monitoring continues and all recordings on status contribute to a national register.
Careful monitoring determines if the therapy is actually working.
Careful monitoring is always necessary.
Careful monitoring is clearly necessary.
Careful monitoring is conducted during a drug study to minimize patient harm.
Careful monitoring is critical.
Careful monitoring is especially important when implementing a diet change.
Careful monitoring is essential for early detection.
Careful monitoring is essential.
Careful monitoring is important for quick detection and treatment.
Careful monitoring is indispensable to identify eventual new cases.
Careful monitoring is necessary.
Careful monitoring is recommended for anyone combining garlic products with prescription drugs.
Careful monitoring is required in renal failure patients.
Careful monitoring is therefore mandatory.
Careful navigation is one way to protect the reef.
Careful navigation is recommended on designated joint access automobile roads.
Careful note taking and mapping are essential during excavation.
Careful note taking is essential for archival retrieval and efficient research in the records.
Careful observation can help define the type of obesity.
Careful observation can yield scientific knowledge.
Careful observation is a basic skill in social research.
Careful observation is an important skill in science.
Careful observation is essential.
Careful observation is important.
Careful observation is indicated.
Careful observation is invaluable to anyone in any field, from sports to science to politics.
Careful observation is mandatory during the period of diuresis.
Careful observation is necessary before deciding which variables are the most important.
Careful observation is needed in the resolving phase to monitor potential problems.
Careful observation is one of the key components of good scientific study.
Careful observation is required during that period.
Careful observation is required to detect egg masses.
Careful observation is required.
Careful observation is the beginners best tool.
Careful observation is the best way to determine a plant's water needs.
Careful observation is the first most important step.
Careful observation is the key, combined with technical skill and most of all, patience.
Careful observation is the key.
Careful observation shows a faint patch, looking like an extended faint star.
Careful observations are as important as careful practices.
Careful observations indicate patterns.
Most careful observations indicate patterns.
Careful observers can even find rare rhinos in the preserve's bushy backcountry.
Careful observers can spot the small deer in the woods.
Careful organization is essential.
Careful owners keep the book and know where to find it.
Most careful parents accompany their children and only visit the houses of friends.
Careful people can keep both SRTstartup.
Careful persuasion is required.
Careful placement is essential.
Careful planning allows for classrooms to be used by multiple sections.
Careful planning anticipates each child's project.
Careful planning begins with checking the weather report and getting back to safety before dark.
Careful planning can actually make a good gift better.
Careful planning can avert the above risks in structuring an estate planning program.
Careful planning can convert almost-confiscatory Federal estate taxes to a zero tax plan.
Careful planning can help all dance weekends thrive by allowing the dancers to attend all events.
Careful planning can help avoid wedding-day disaster.
Careful planning can help eliminate some of the waste from the start.
Careful planning can keep compression to a minimum.
Careful planning can make interventions more organized, and effective.
Careful planning can make maintenance practices, such as watering, much easier.
Careful planning can make the difference between success and failure.
Careful planning can make the difference.
Careful planning can maximize the positive effects of gifts such as bequests, trusts and annuities.
Careful planning can minimize the taxes due on retirement plan assets.
Careful planning can produce the desired effect.
Careful planning can reduce or eliminate the risk of forfeiture.
Careful planning can reduce the impact of use on an area.
Careful planning can reduce the impact on our environment and neighborhoods.
Careful planning can reduce the risks associated with closing plants and relocating work.
Careful planning can result in a balance of security, functionality and long-lasting scenic beauty.
Careful planning can save money and better protect a site for the future.
Careful planning can solve many of the possible problems.
Careful planning can support the first two principles.
Careful planning can turn an angry mob into a productive team.
Careful planning carried out by knowledgeable and selfless leaders is the sine qua non.
Careful planning ensures a fun experience and furniture that lasts decades.
Careful planning equals success.
Careful planning goes into our placement process, and it is rare that students ask to be moved.
Careful planning has protected the island beauty, the superb hotels are mostly low-rise.
Careful planning helps ensure a good comp, although there is a learning curve.
Careful planning helps, but all landscapes require some maintenance.
Careful planning increases the chances of success.
Careful planning is a prerequisite for the effective implementation of technology into education.
Careful planning is a prerequisite for the effective use of technology.
Careful planning is absolutely essential to successful projects.
Careful planning is absolutely essential.
Careful planning is always good management.
Careful planning is an absolute necessity.
Careful planning is an essential ingredient in effective financial management of an organization.
