Class size is limited and daily attendance is required.
Class size is limited and each student has a computer.
Class size is limited and early enrollment is advised.
Class size is limited and early registration is recommended.
Class size is limited and early registration is requested.
Class size is limited and early registration is required.
Class size is limited and early sign up is recommended.
Class size is limited and enrollment fills quickly.
Class size is limited and enrollment is on a first come, first served basis.
Class size is limited and enrollment is on a space available basis.
Class size is limited and enrollment is taken on a first call basis.
Class size is limited and enrollment is via instructor permission.
Class size is limited and enrollments are accepted on a first-received basis.
Class size is limited and entrance is on a first come-first served basis.
Class size is limited and faculty are responsive to individual interests of the participant group.
Class size is limited and fill up quickly.
Class size is limited and filled on a first paid, first served basis.
Class size is limited and fills up quickly.
Class size is limited and is based on the availability of clinical training sites.
Class size is limited and is by permission of the instructor.
Class size is limited and is for adults only.
Class size is limited and is on a first come first serve basis.
Class size is limited and lasts for an hour and a half.
Class size is limited and membership is by audition.
Class size is limited and physician clearance is required.
Class size is limited and pre-registration in person is required.
Class size is limited and pre-registration is encouraged.
Class size is limited and pre-registration is necessary .
Class size is limited and preregistration is required.
Class size is limited and pre-registration is required.
Class size is limited and pre-registration, with a book purchase, is required.
Class size is limited and registration is accepted on a first come, first serve basis.
Class size is limited and registration is closed when full.
Class size is limited and registration is given on a preferential basis to early applicants.
Class size is limited and registration is necessary.
Class size is limited and registration is on a first come basis.
Class size is limited and registration is on a first-come basis.
Class size is limited and registration is required.
Class size is limited and registrations accepted as space is available.
Class size is limited and registrations are filled in numerical order.
Class size is limited and reservations are required on a first come - first served basis only.
Class size is limited and reservations are required.
Class size is limited and studio work is intense and demanding.
Class size is limited and they tend to fill rapidly.
Class size is limited at some locations.
Class size is limited by reservation to six students per instructor, to assure personal attention.
Class size is limited by the availability of equipment and studio space.
Class size is limited by the facility, type of course and number of trainers available.
Class size is limited due to the practical applications.
Class size is limited every year to maximize participant safety and offer personalized instruction.
Class size is limited for individual attention.
Class size is limited for more personal instruction.
Class size is limited from six to eight people to assure individual attention.
Class size is limited in all courses and enrollment is on a first-come, first served basis.
Class size is limited in order to allow each student to have a computer.
Class size is limited in order to ensure maximum student productivity.
Class size is limited in order to maintain the quality of the learning experience.
Class size is limited in order to provide for interactive learning.
Class size is limited in programs.
Class size is limited in the professional phase which begins in the fall semester.
Class size is limited so advance registration is required.
Class size is limited so be sure to sign up early.
Class size is limited so call for information about space availability.
Class size is limited so come early to get a seat.
Class size is limited so early application is recommended.
Class size is limited so early enrollment is suggested.
Class size is limited so early registration is advised.
Class size is limited so early registration is encouraged.
Class size is limited so please apply early.
Class size is limited so please be sure to register early.
Class size is limited so please follow the registration deadlines outlined below.
Class size is limited so please plan to register early.
Class size is limited so please register early.
Class size is limited so preregistration and prepayment are required.
Class size is limited so pre-registration is required.
Class size is limited so register as soon as possible.
Class size is limited so register early for assured seating.
Class size is limited so register now.
Class size is limited so register soon.
Class size is limited so register today.
Class size is limited so registration is required.
Class size is limited so registrations are on a first come basis.
Class size is limited so reservations are required.
Class size is limited so that all participants receive individual attention.
Class size is limited so that each person gets their own system.
Class size is limited to a maximum of just five students per instructor.
Class size is limited to a maximum of six students.
Class size is limited to a total of seven students.
Class size is limited to a total of two students.
Class size is limited to accommodate comprehensive individual instruction.
Class size is limited to accommodate laboratory facilities.
Class size is limited to achieve the maximum training experience.
Class size is limited to allow an emphasis on practical, hands-on experience.
Class size is limited to allow for a lower student to instructor ratio.
Class size is limited to allow for a more personal learning experience.
Class size is limited to allow for greater student participation and writing.
Class size is limited to allow for individual attention.
Class size is limited to allow for individual care.
Class size is limited to allow for maximum instructor to student interaction.
Class size is limited to allow for maximum interaction.
Class size is limited to allow for more personal learning.
Class size is limited to allow for personal instruction.
Class size is limited to allow for questions and the discussion of issues.
Class size is limited to allow group interaction as well as individual attention.
Class size is limited to allow hands-on discovery.
Class size is limited to allow individual study.
Class size is limited to allow maximum individual attention.
Class size is limited to allow plenty of hands-on practice by each student.
Class size is limited to allow the instructor to give individual attention to students.
Class size is limited to approximately a dozen students.
Class size is limited to assure a great experience.
Class size is limited to assure individual attention.
Class size is limited to assure individualized instruction.
Class size is limited to assure participants the opportunity to become involved in discussions.
Class size is limited to assure quality dance instruction.
Class size is limited to assure the best teacher to student ratio.
Class size is limited to availability at clinical sites.
Class size is limited to boat seats available.
Class size is limited to cast size.
Class size is limited to eight couples.
Class size is limited to eight dogs.
Class size is limited to eight people.
Class size is limited to eight persons to allow for plenty of interaction time.
Class size is limited to eight persons to allow for plenty of practice and interaction time.
Class size is limited to eight students, so please reserve as early as possible.
Class size is limited to eight students.
Class size is limited to eight teams.
Class size is limited to eight to afford personalized attention.
Class size is limited to eight.
Class size is limited to eighteen students.
Class size is limited to encourage active interchange between participants and instructors.
Class size is limited to ensure a low student to instructor ratio.
Class size is limited to ensure a quality learning environment.
Class size is limited to ensure full student participation.
Class size is limited to ensure hands-on instruction for all in attendance.
Class size is limited to ensure high quality of instruction.
Class size is limited to ensure individual attention.
Class size is limited to ensure individualized instruction.
Class size is limited to ensure instructor attention.
Class size is limited to ensure maximum opportunity for the individualization of instruction.
Class size is limited to ensure personal attention.
Class size is limited to ensure personal instruction and individual attention.
Class size is limited to ensure program quality and standards.
Class size is limited to ensure program quality.
Class size is limited to ensure that students receive individualised help.
Class size is limited to facilitate an effective and enhanced learning atmosphere.
Class size is limited to facilitate learning.
Class size is limited to fifteen students.
Class size is limited to fifteen trainee volunteers.
Class size is limited to fifteen.
Class size is limited to five children per teacher.
Class size is limited to five participants.
Class size is limited to five persons per class.
Class size is limited to five persons.
Class size is limited to five students per session.
Class size is limited to five to nine students.
Class size is limited to five.
Class size is limited to forty students to provide a positive interactive learning environment.
Class size is limited to four companies per workshop.
Class size is limited to four couples to provide the optimum learning environment.
Class size is limited to four people.
Class size is limited to four persons.
Class size is limited to four students per session.
Class size is limited to four students.
Class size is limited to four.
Class size is limited to insure highest quality instruction.
Class size is limited to insure individual instruction.
Class size is limited to insure instructional quality.
Class size is limited to insure personalized attention.
Class size is limited to insure quality instruction.
Class size is limited to insure that each student receives individual attention.
Class size is limited to less than one hundred sixty students per year.
Class size is limited to maintain a ratio of five children per instructor.
Class size is limited to maximize effectiveness.
Class size is limited to maximize individual time and attention in class.
Class size is limited to maximize skill building.
Class size is limited to nine or ten couples.
Class size is limited to nine participants per class.
Class size is limited to nine students, so early registration is recommended.
Class size is limited to one participant per workstation.
Class size is limited to one student per computer and includes a course manual.
Class size is limited to permit hands on activities.
Class size is limited to permit personal exchange.
Class size is limited to promote a good learning environment and allow for individual instruction.
Class size is limited to promote discussion and presentations by the students in class.
Class size is limited to promote faculty-student interaction.
Class size is limited to provide a quality outdoor experience.
Class size is limited to provide adequate participation.
Class size is limited to provide an optimal learning environment.
Class size is limited to provide for individual experience.
Class size is limited to provide individual attention.
Class size is limited to provide individual practice and experience.
Class size is limited to provide individualized attention to each student.
Class size is limited to provide intensive, individual attention.
Class size is limited to provide optimum training and practice.
Class size is limited to selected students.
Class size is limited to seven candidates.
Class size is limited to seven children per instructor.
Class size is limited to seven children.
Class size is limited to seven students with one student per computer.
Class size is limited to seven students.
Class size is limited to seven.
Class size is limited to six children.
Class size is limited to six couples to ensure personal attention for all participants.
Class size is limited to six couples.
Class size is limited to six father-son combinations.
Class size is limited to six mother-daughter combinations.
Class size is limited to six participants.
Class size is limited to six patients.
Class size is limited to six people, and sign-ups are limited to two classes per person .
Class size is limited to six people, and sign-ups are limited to two classes per person.
Class size is limited to six people.
Class size is limited to six persons to allow for plenty of practice and interaction time.
Class size is limited to six students per instructor to emphasize safety and individual attention.
Class size is limited to six students.
Class size is limited to six.
Class size is limited to sixteen students per section.
Class size is limited to sixteen students.
Class size is limited to ten children per session.
Class size is limited to ten children plus their adult.
Class size is limited to ten members, which ensures personal attention.
Class size is limited to ten participants.
Class size is limited to ten people, so sign up early.
Class size is limited to ten people.
Class size is limited to ten students because of the format.
Class size is limited to ten students per visit.
Class size is limited to ten students.
Class size is limited to ten.
Class size is limited to the first four students.
Class size is limited to the first ten registrants.
Class size is limited to the most qualified students and consent of instructor is required.
Class size is limited to the most qualified students.
Class size is limited to the number of computers available.
Class size is limited to thirty-five students.
Class size is limited to three riders to provide for personalized instruction.
Class size is limited to three students, and pre-registration is necessary.
Class size is limited to three students.
Class size is limited to twelve . .
Class size is limited to twelve and a minimum of four participants.
Class size is limited to twelve or fewer taxidermy students per session.
Class size is limited to twelve parent and child pairs.
Class size is limited to twelve people.
Class size is limited to twelve persons to allow for plenty of practice and interaction time.
Class size is limited to twelve students.
Class size is limited to Twelve students.
Class size is limited to twelve to allow close involvement.
Class size is limited to twelve to enable optimum student participation.
Class size is limited to twelve to ensure personal attention.
Class size is limited to twelve.
Class size is limited to twenty students maximum.
Class size is limited to twenty students with one teacher and one aide.
Class size is limited to twenty students.
Class size is limited to twenty.
Class size is limited to twenty-eight.
Class size is limited to twenty-five students.
Class size is limited to twenty-four students.
Class size is limited to two and classes are scheduled by appointment.
Class size is limited to two students per class.
Class size is limited to two.
Class size is limited to up to four people.
Class size is limited, and acceptance into the program is on a competitive basis.
Class size is limited, and classes fill up quickly, so pre-registration is strongly suggested.
Class size is limited, and early registration is recommended.
Class size is limited, and enrollment is on a first come, first served basis.
Class size is limited, and permission of the instructor is required.
Class size is limited, and pre-registration is required.
Class size is limited, and reservations are required for each workshop.
Class size is limited, and since classes do fill up, preregistration is strongly recommended.
Class size is limited, and student participation is required.
Class size is limited, and students take all classes together as a group.
Class size is limited, insuring a high level of individual attention and interaction with faculty.
Class size is limited, please call to register or for more information.
Class size is limited, please contact the instructor via e-mail before the first meeting.
Class size is limited, please enroll early.
Class size is limited, please preregister.
Class size is limited, please register early.
Class size is limited, prepayment is required.
Class size is limited, pre-registration is required.
Class size is limited, register early to assure space.
Class size is limited, register early.
Class size is limited, sign up today.
Class size is limited, so advanced registration is required.
Class size is limited, so all students receive individualized attention.
Class size is limited, so be sure to register.
Class size is limited, so call early to reserve a spot.
Class size is limited, so call early.
Class size is limited, so call right away.
Class size is limited, so call today.
Class size is limited, so calling early to register is recommended.
Class size is limited, so classes fill up fast.
Class size is limited, so early application is recommended.
Class size is limited, so early enrollment is suggested.
Class size is limited, so early registration and payment is recommended to guarantee placement.
Class size is limited, so early registration is encouraged.
Class size is limited, so early registration is important.
Class size is limited, so early registration is recommended.
Class size is limited, so enroll early.
Class size is limited, so please call ahead to schedule a session.
Class size is limited, so please indicate a second choice.
Class size is limited, so please make reservations early.
Class size is limited, so please register as soon as possible.
Class size is limited, so please register early for best selection.
Class size is limited, so please register early.
Class size is limited, so please reserve as far in advance as possible.
Class size is limited, so please sign up early.
Class size is limited, so pre-registration is strongly encouraged.
Class size is limited, so prompt enrollment is recommended.
Class size is limited, so prompt registration is recommended.
Class size is limited, so register early.
Class size is limited, so register today to assure participation.
Class size is limited, so register today.
Class size is limited, so registration is necessary.
Class size is limited, so sign up early.
Class size is limited, therefore pre-registration is required.
Class size is limited, to ensure that all students receive adequate individual attention.
Class size is limited, to permit maximum individualized attention.
Class size is limited, which allows faculty to maintain direct contact with all of their students.
Class size is limited, with a policy of one student per machine.
Class size is limited. .
Class size is limited.
Class size is limited-register early.
Class size is limits so register early.
Class size is maintained at between twenty and twenty-two students.
Class size is min.
Class size is much smaller than our essential series.
Class size is normally five to fifteen or more.
Class size is now the largest in the nation.
Class size is one of many factors to consider when choosing or evaluating a school.
Class size is one student to one teacher.
Class size is part of the negotiated contract in several states.
Class size is purposely limited to ensure high quality instruction.
Class size is reduced in the first, second, third, and ninth grades.
Class size is relatively small, permitting individualized attention.
Class size is restricted and admission to the program is competitive.
Class size is restricted in many programs and priority is given to full-time students.
Class size is restricted to a maximum of three students.
Class size is restricted to six students, to ensure individualized attention.
Class size is restricted, and all students are selected through auditions or staff reviews.
Class size is set at thirty participants.
Class size is small and students attend mentored inquiry sessions led by a peer mentor.
Class size is small and well able to accomodate new students.
Class size is small enough to experience a hands on, one on one relationship with the instructor.
Class size is small enough to permit considerable individual attention.
Class size is small leading to excellent student-faculty relationships.
Class size is small to assure personal attention.
Class size is small to maximize experience-based learning.
Class size is small to maximize individual attention and peer support.
Class size is small to provide individual attention.
Class size is small, allowing significant individual attention, as well as group dynamics.
Class size is small, and students receive individual attention.
Class size is small, between sixteen and twenty-three students.
Class size is small, which permits a greater degree of individualized attention.
Class size is small, with a ratio of one adult for every two children.
Class size is small.
Class size is smaller and the pace of the course is more relaxed.
Class size is smaller, and the campus is less crowded.
Class size is strictly limited .
Class size is strictly limited and available on a first come first serve basis.
Class size is strictly limited and early registration is recommended.
Class size is strictly limited so register today.
Class size is strictly limited to provide for more individual needs.
Class size is strictly limited to thirty students, so early signing up is important.
Class size is strictly limited, with classes filling quickly.
Class size is strictly limited.
Class size is tailored to fit the client's needs.
Class size is the greatest factor in that irreplaceable, essential ingredient in student growth.
Class size is the main thing that determines a good class or a good school.
Class size is twenty students.
Class size is typically small.
Class size is unlimited.
Class size is up to seven clients.
Class size is usually limited and depends on the instructor's preference.
Class size is usually ten students or fewer to ensure personalized attention.
Class size is usually three to four students.
Class size is variable.
Class size is very limited for more personal interaction.
Class size is very limited to ensure individualized attention.
Class size is very limited.
Class size makes a world of difference.
Class size needs to be appropriate for the space of the room.
Class size optimizes opportunities for feedback and dialog with the professor.
Class size provides opportunities for plenty of student-faculty interaction.
Class size ranges from four to eight people.
Class size ranges from seven to ten students.
Class size ranges from six to eight shooters per day.
Class size refers to the actual number of students in a classroom with a teacher.
Class size refers to the number of students in a teacher s class.
Class size reflects institutional size.
Class size tends to be small, allowing interaction between students and professors.
Class size varies according to grade.
Class size varies according to the local high school district.
Class size varies among departments.
Class size varies at the secondary level.
Class size varies by sport and instructor.
Class size varies by the level and type of course.
Class size varies depending on program requested.
Class size varies depending on the course.
Class size varies depending on the type of class.
Class size varies depending upon the topic.
Class size varies from eight to twenty persons.
Class size varies somewhat from class to class, depending on how students place into levels.
Class size varies widely at the high school, depending upon the nature of the class.
Class sizes allow one computer per student.
Class sizes approximate twelve students.
Class sizes are a concern.
Class sizes are a constant struggle between the dept.
Class sizes are a max.
Class sizes are a school board responsibility, it shrugs.
Class sizes are about half as large as in a traditional high school.
Class sizes are also much different.
Class sizes are at a level that allows the professor to know each student by name.
Class sizes are between three and six students.
Class sizes are comparatively about the same.
Class sizes are consistently small.
Class sizes are dependent on class enrollment.
Class sizes are down.
Class sizes are enormous.
Class sizes are excellent.
Class sizes are fifteen to twenty, and students are assigned to an individual teacher advisor.
Class sizes are flexible in size and composition, depending on instructional goals.
Class sizes are generally less than eight and emphasis is placed on helping students individually.
Class sizes are generally small and emphasize a hands-on approach to biology.
Class sizes are generally small and interaction among faculty and students is excellent.
Class sizes are generally small, allowing for maximum individual attention.
Class sizes are generally small, and students receive a considerable amount of individual attention.
Class sizes are generally small, so students receive a great deal of personal attention.
Class sizes are generally small.
Class sizes are generally smaller.
Class sizes are good for effective instruction.
Class sizes are in the low twenties.
Class sizes are kept small, so students get more personal attention from their professors.
Class sizes are limited .
Class sizes are limited allowing for greater individual instruction and attention.
Class sizes are limited and are filled on a first-come basis.
Class sizes are limited and are offered on a first come first serve policy.
Class sizes are limited and can accommodate non photographing companions.
Class sizes are limited and classes are filling up quickly.
Class sizes are limited and early registration is advised.
Class sizes are limited and fill up quickly.
Class sizes are limited and filling up fast.
Class sizes are limited and individual mentoring of students by faculty is offered.
Class sizes are limited and many classes sell out.
Class sizes are limited and others are waiting for reservations.
Class sizes are limited and pre-registration is required.
Class sizes are limited and private lessons also are available.
Class sizes are limited and registration is required.
Class sizes are limited and registration is suggested.
Class sizes are limited and sometimes locations are changed.
Class sizes are limited depending on the activity involved.
Class sizes are limited due to location.
Class sizes are limited for quality purposes.
Class sizes are limited providing excellent faculty to student ratios.
Class sizes are limited so early registration is suggested.
Class sizes are limited so please register early.
Class sizes are limited so registration is required.
Class sizes are limited so that every dancer receives personal care and attention.
Class sizes are limited so that individual attention can be given.
Class sizes are limited so, please register early.
Class sizes are limited to a maximum of eight students.
Class sizes are limited to allow for individual attention by the instructors.
Class sizes are limited to allow for individual attention.
Class sizes are limited to allow for personalized instruction.
Class sizes are limited to allow optimum interaction between instructor and students.
Class sizes are limited to allow personal attention.
Class sizes are limited to an appropriate number of students.
Class sizes are limited to approx.
Class sizes are limited to control quality.
Class sizes are limited to create a more personal learning environment.
Class sizes are limited to create a personal atmosphere.
Class sizes are limited to eight students.
Class sizes are limited to ensure a quality experience.
Class sizes are limited to ensure a safe and educational environment.
Class sizes are limited to ensure close working relationships between participants and artists.
Class sizes are limited to ensure interaction with the instructor.
Class sizes are limited to ensure quality attention to our students.
Class sizes are limited to ensure quality programming.
Class sizes are limited to ensure quality, so please register early.
Class sizes are limited to ensure sufficient interaction with the instructors.
Class sizes are limited to ensure that each attendee gets adequate attention.
Class sizes are limited to five members.
Class sizes are limited to insure personalized attention.
Class sizes are limited to insure that students benefit from every class.
Class sizes are limited to maximize their effectiveness.
Class sizes are limited to no more than fifteen people.
Class sizes are limited to promote interaction between our trainers and class participants.
Class sizes are limited to provide optimum levels of interaction with classmates and instructors.
Class sizes are limited to provide personal attention to our students.
Class sizes are limited to provide the best educational learning experiences for children.
Class sizes are limited to sixteen first-year students.
Class sizes are limited to sixteen students.
Class sizes are limited to the maximum number of participants listed.
Class sizes are limited to two people per computer in order to maintain quality instruction.
Class sizes are limited, and classes are subject to cancellation.
Class sizes are limited, and early registration is suggested.
Class sizes are limited, and registration is available on a first-come basis.
Class sizes are limited, and they fill quickly.
Class sizes are limited, be sure to sign up early.
Class sizes are limited, class fees vary and financial aid is available.
Class sizes are limited, so be sure to register early.
Class sizes are limited, so call today to reserve a seat.
Class sizes are limited, so early registration is recommended.
Class sizes are limited, so early sign-up is recommended.
Class sizes are limited, so failure to attend inconveniences everyone, including the instructor.
Class sizes are limited, so it is necessary to sign up early.
Class sizes are limited, so please register early.
Class sizes are limited, so register early.
Class sizes are limited, so registration is required .
Class sizes are limited, so registration is required.
Class sizes are limited, therefore early registration is recommended.
Class sizes are limited, which allows faculty to maintain direct contact with all their students.
Class sizes are limited.
Class sizes are manageable.
Class sizes are moderate and lend themselves to a great deal of debate and discussion.
Class sizes are necessarily limited, often by fire regulations or lab considerations.
Class sizes are no more than eight for general training and six or less for advanced sessions.
Class sizes are normally small.
Class sizes are of the order of a dozen to thirty or forty.
Class sizes are of twelve students or less, and of the same age and skill.
Class sizes are often in the hundreds, even for upperclassmen.
Class sizes are often large in comparison to secondary classes.
Class sizes are perfect and conducive to an excellent learning environment.
Class sizes are reasonable, as are teaching loads.
Class sizes are relatively small and highly interactive.
Class sizes are relatively small and individual attention to students is emphasized.
Class sizes are relatively small which allows for individual attention by faculty members.
Class sizes are relatively small, and advising is handled by faculty members.
Class sizes are relatively small, and students have ready access to their lecturers and tutors.
Class sizes are relatively small, creating a personal and comfortable learning atmosphere.
Class sizes are relatively small.
Class sizes are restricted, so please sign up early.
Class sizes are small allowing participants ample opportunity to address specific problems.
Class sizes are small and about everybody knew all classmates.
Class sizes are small and allow for instruction that promotes active student learning.
Class sizes are small and are offered at various times throughout the day and evening.
Class sizes are small and are taught by degreed, education professionals.
Class sizes are small and both classes and laboratories are conducted exclusively by the faculty.
Class sizes are small and community involvement is strong.
Class sizes are small and computers are utilised.
Class sizes are small and designed to meet the individual needs of the student.
Class sizes are small and each student is given personal attention by the instructor.
Class sizes are small and each student receives individual attention.
Class sizes are small and encourage extensive student and faculty involvement.
Class sizes are small and encourage team interaction.
Class sizes are small and every swimmer receives individual instruction.
Class sizes are small and everyone is given personal counseling.
Class sizes are small and everyone is offered personal counseling.
Class sizes are small and highly individualized.
Class sizes are small and instruction is hands-on.
Class sizes are small and instructors are available the entire day to assist students.
Class sizes are small and instructors are cross cultural educators.
Class sizes are small and interactions between faculty and students are commonplace.
Class sizes are small and intimate.
Class sizes are small and it has a variety of international students.
Class sizes are small and led by experienced instructors.
Class sizes are small and native speaking Spanish instructors are preferred.
Class sizes are small and personal attention is maximized.
Class sizes are small and personal.
Class sizes are small and student-professor contact is frequent and informal.
Class sizes are small and students receive individual attention.
Class sizes are small and student-teacher ratios are excellent.
Class sizes are small and tailored to the individual.
Class sizes are small and taught mainly by faculty.
Class sizes are small and the atmosphere is child-centered.
Class sizes are small and the average number of students in the program is twenty-four.
Class sizes are small and the instruction is individual and tailored to each person.
Class sizes are small and there are no teaching assistants.
Class sizes are small and there is a high level of personal attention to students.
Class sizes are small and training and an established curriculum are provided.
Class sizes are small and waiting lists are common.
Class sizes are small enough to ensure individual attention.
Class sizes are small ensuring that students receive individual attention.
Class sizes are small even in the introductory courses.
Class sizes are small for closer interaction.
Class sizes are small for personalized instruction.
Class sizes are small in comparison to public school standards-ten to fifteen students.
Class sizes are small in mixed-age classrooms.
Class sizes are small in order to provide a quality training experience.
Class sizes are small in order to provide personal attention.
Class sizes are small promoting active learning and extensive interaction with the faculty.
Class sizes are small so please apply early.
Class sizes are small so registration is limited.
Class sizes are small so that everyone gets a chance to participate.
Class sizes are small so that individual attention is assured at all times.
Class sizes are small so that students get individual attention for their writing problems.
Class sizes are small to allow for individual instruction.
Class sizes are small to allow greater individualized attention by the instructor.
Class sizes are small to allow maximum hands on learning.
Class sizes are small to allow maximum interaction with instructors.
Class sizes are small to average.
Class sizes are small to encourage dialog.
Class sizes are small to encourage individual attention.
Class sizes are small to encourage student interaction and teamwork.
Class sizes are small to provide a personal learning environment.
Class sizes are small usually between four and ten people.
Class sizes are small which affords true interaction between instructors and students.
Class sizes are small with an instructor to participant ratio of one to six.
Class sizes are small with opportunities that are large.
Class sizes are small, about six students.
Class sizes are small, allowing faculty to give students individualized attention.
Class sizes are small, allowing instructors time with individual students.
Class sizes are small, and all participants win a ribbon for each class that they enter.
Class sizes are small, and emphasis is placed on individual instruction.
Class sizes are small, and interactions between faculty and students are commonplace.
Class sizes are small, and offer a great amount of personal attention.
Class sizes are small, and our students are great to work with.
Class sizes are small, and questions are encouraged.
Class sizes are small, and teaching is normally about four hours per day.
Class sizes are small, and the children are taught with a distinct Christian emphasis.
Class sizes are small, and the environment is friendly and supportive.
Class sizes are small, contributing to a personalized education.
Class sizes are small, enabling more individualized, tailored instruction.
Class sizes are small, ensuring personalized in-depth learning.
Class sizes are small, especially in senior undergraduate and graduate seminar courses.
Class sizes are small, fostering personal attention by professors.
Class sizes are small, giving students and teachers the opportunity for individual instruction.
Class sizes are small, offering students close contact with the biology faculty.
Class sizes are small, providing significant faculty member involvement in each student's education.
Class sizes are small, providing the opportunity for individualized attention.
Class sizes are small, so call early for prices and reservations.
Class sizes are small, so courses are interactive.
Class sizes are small, so each student has their own computer and plenty of time to ask questions.
Class sizes are small, so students get to work closely with faculty members.
Class sizes are small, the teaching load is moderate and the salary is competitive.
Class sizes are small, with plenty of opportunity for questions and group discussion.
Class sizes are small.
Class sizes are smaller, and students have more personal contact with instructors.
Class sizes are smaller, and the students all tend to be close.
Class sizes are smaller, and therefore, it was easy to talk to tutors.
Class sizes are smaller.
Class sizes are strictly limited to ensure that every student receives an outstanding education.
Class sizes are strictly limited.
Class sizes are subject to maximum and minimum guidelines.
Class sizes are such that they provide a positive learning environment.
Class sizes are ten to eleven people.
Class sizes are too large and professors never offer enough office hours.
Class sizes are twenty students or less.
Class sizes are typically no more than eight students per class and never exceed twelve.
Class sizes are up to three and six students.
Class sizes are usually between five and fifteen cadets.
Class sizes are usually small so students have the opportunity for individual attention.
Class sizes are usually small, and emphasize both theoretical foundations and professional skills.
Class sizes are VERY limited.
Class sizes are very small.
Class sizes are, on average, one quarter the size compared to university.
Class sizes are, on average, one quarter the size of university classes.
Class sizes become smaller as students move farther along in their majors.
Class sizes can radically influence the number of teachers needed.
Class sizes can vary from semester to semester.
Class sizes can, however, be large in peak season.
Class sizes change.
Class sizes determine the cost of the training.
Class sizes encourage individual and group learning.
Class sizes fall into two categories.
Class sizes have up to six students per class.
Class sizes have up to twelve students per class.
Class sizes limited, so preregistration is preferred.
Class sizes permit the students to receive the necessary individual attention and instruction.
Class sizes range from a maximum of fifty down to small groups.
Class sizes range from eight to twenty students.
Class sizes range from fifteen to twenty-four students.
Class sizes range from five to ten students each, so individual attention is assured.
Class sizes range from five to twenty, and professors and students work together closely.
Class sizes range from one to six students.
Class sizes range from six to twenty students, with an average of twelve per class.
Class sizes range from ten to a hundred students.
Class sizes range from ten to twenty archers.
Class sizes range from twenty to twenty-five students.
Class sizes tend to be larger in more metropolitan cities.
Class sizes tend to be small and students receive individual help from the faculty.
Class sizes vary according to subject and grade level.
Class sizes vary based on subject area.
Class sizes vary but are limited, so admissions can close out.
Class sizes vary depending on the courses.
Class sizes vary depending on the level and type of course.
Class sizes vary depending on the semester and courses chosen.
Class sizes vary from ten to sixty, and locations from England to Greece, Norway to Peru.
Class sizes vary greatly.
Class sizes vary in size, but the general trend is decreasing sizes with increasing course level.
Class sizes vary over a wide range.
Class sizes vary with recruitment and elective modules chosen.
Class sizes vary, with instruction for all skill levels.
Class sizes vary.
All class sizes are limited to maximize the time available to each participant with the instructor.
All class sizes are limited.
Some class sizes are limited, so early registration is recommended.
Class society holds back further development and alienation is unnecessary.
Class society is war.
A class structure is a social system
Class structure diagrams.
Class structure includes a full barre warm-up, center technique and turns.
Class structure includes instruction about safety, adhesives, paint techniques, and costuming.
Class structure includes lectures, small group discussions, and individual and group presentations.
Class structure is based on age and ability.
Class structure is discussed and students become acquainted with one another.
Class structure is found in all societies and is the key source of economical inequality.
Class structures are a mixture of composite and single yearlevels.
Class structures are social organizations.
A class struggle is a struggle
Class struggle brings change with fewer compromises and in less time.
Class struggle can stop a war.
Class struggle is central because it is the struggle of the majority- the working and poor people.
Class struggle is feared by the ruling class.
Class struggle is the answer .
Class struggle is the norm in capitalist society, it is inherent in the system.
Class struggle is the prime mover for such a system to advance stages.
Class struggle is thus essential with regard to any transition to socialism.
Class struggle takes place in real time and contexts.
Class struggles are conflict.
Every class struggle is a battle of life or death when the classes are antagonistic.
Every class struggle is a political struggle for power.
Class switching changes the constant region type.
Class switching is accomplished by DNA cutting and rejoining.
Class systems are about rules of order and hierarchies.
Class trips are out of the question.
Class types change weekly.
Class types range from water and open land through suburban and industrial to core urban.
Class V can be of any type.
Class V contains only the subclasses indicated by w, s, or c.
Class V is expert.
Class V is very difficult and for experienced river rafters.
Class V means cancer cell are seen.
Class variables are numeric or character.
Class variables can be either numeric or character .
Class variables can be either numeric or character.
Class variables can be numeric or character.
Class variables exist once per class.
Class variables have the same value for all instances of a class.
All class variables have JavaBean format setter and getter methods.
Class war erupts into real wars and people die on the battlefields.
Class war goes on Now let's look at reality.
Class war hits the net again.
Class war is a long-term struggle.
Class war is a struggle
Class War is active in most UK towns and cities.
Class War is Averted.
Class War is essential listening for everyone interested in building a true democracy.
Class warfare is a struggle
Class warfare is embedded in politics.
Class warfare is good for communism because it pits groups against each other.
A class is a collection
Class accepts the beginner as well as the conditioned participant.
Class accounts for computer-mediated instruction and assignments.
Class accounts for specific computing resources are available and are activated by the instructor.
Class accounts on the same host.
Class act all the way.
Class Acts again.
Class acts out simultaneously.
Class acts, specializing in tribute bands.
Class already exists.
Class also covers moving text, proofing tools, enhancing text, and formatting paragraphs and pages.
Class also covers Network Address Translation and the use of client and session authentication.
Class also exhibits stealth characteristics, which further complicates detection and removal.
Class also fits.
Class also includes a desert survivor skills component.
Class also includes a review of traffic and firearm safety.
Class also includes a six hour canoe trip.
Class also includes a special project related to machines and power systems.
Class also includes an introduction to computer graphics for superimposing titles.
Class also includes beginning lessons in concentration and meditation.
Class also includes muscular strengthening, toning and flexibility.
Class also includes self-massage practices.
Class also includes syncopations and patterns.
Class also includes work on sensory awareness and improvisation.
Class also matters, and there is no denying the influence of commercial advertising.
Class also meets weekly to consider progress in the laboratory and to discuss assigned readings.
Class also provides a fun way to get some exercise, as well as socialization.
Class also provides an interpretation of WBGT flag system.
Class also provides information on anaerobic and aerobic exercise.
Class also requires a one hour meeting with professor on a regularly scheduled weekly basis.
Class also seems more tedious everyday.
Class also welcome new, innovative program ideas and more partnerships.
Class analyses of projects.
Class appears far more important than ethnicity.
Class are objects and objects ought to have methods that implement their behavior.
Class are open to both current and new students.
Class are subclasses of top.
Class assumes knowledge of basic English grammar.
Class atmoshpere is relaxed, safe, fun, and empowering.
Class attends at least two professional dance events in the Boston area.
Class attends one or more performances of Shakespearean plays.
Class attends three to four live concerts.
Class based queueing with voice class scheduled first is the solution.
Class be over, wake down and cut de droolin' on mah notes.
Class becomes tutorial for paper on development.
Class begin and end times are listed in military time.
Class begins at a scheduled time and is over when the instructor dismisses class.
Class begins at eight o'clock sharp.
Class begins at the assigned time.
Class begins at the noted starting time Criteria for assessments.
Class begins at the noted starting time.
Class begins at the scheduled time sharp.
Class begins individual work on writing prompts and interpretive questions.
Class begins on chairs working the spine, neck and shoulders, followed by floor work.
Class begins on schedule.
Class begins on the hour.
Class begins on time and attendance is very important.
Class begins on time and ends on time.
Class begins on time at which point the sign in sheet is taken away.
Class begins on time.
Class begins promptly and ends at the designated time.
Class begins promptly at the scheduled hour.
Class begins promptly at the scheduled time.
Class begins promptly at the time noted.
Class begins promptly so plan on arriving a few minutes ahead of time.
Class begins promptly, as scheduled.
Class begins promptly.
Class begins three minutes after the scheduled time.
Class begins three minutes after the tardy bell rings.
Class begins when the bell rings.
Class begins when the instructor closes the door to the lab.
Class begins when the tardy bell rings.
Class begins with a brief overview of the economic role of cities and metropolitan areas.
Class begins with a few basic exercises and then a required jogging assignment.
Class begins with a review of the ladies basic technique and everyone learns it.
Class Begins with a stregthening exercise.
Class begins with an on-campus orientation meeting.
Class begins with awareness activities.
Class begins with members sharing mutual concerns.
Class begins with plenty of stretching.
Class begins with singing and fellowship.
Class bespeaks an aristocracy that has nothing to do with ancestors or money.
Class bespeaks an aristocracy that has nothing to do with money.
Class bespeaks an aristocracy unrelated to ancestors or money.
Class brainstorms a list of facts gathered from the penny.
Class brainstorms the elements of the story to be written.
Class breaks up into cooperative groups of four people.
Class breathes in every line.
Class builds a second example or reviews an example file.
Class builds existing skills and introduces more dance steps, with an emphasis on ballet.
Class builds existing skills and introduces more dance steps.
Class builds on skills acquired in Beginning Word.
Class builds strong music base.
Class can access some sibling class members using methods declared in common parent.
Class can also have a party with the money collected in the fine jar or cup.
Class can also research and report on any endangered species in the region.
Class can be a one session or two session class.
Class can be difficult, but is interesting.
Class can be fun and interesting without disruptive behavior.
Class can be hard sometimes.
Class can continue working on sample data while teams video tape the ball drop.
Class can draw a thing to screen.
Class can encompass social rank, economic status, and job and education level.
Class can guess the animal.
Class can play a huge role in determining how trans issues are broached.
Class can predict chances of both survival and success.
Class can simply discuss, or make a mind map or chart.
Class Check the class taught.
Class chondrichtheys iv.
Class closes to new dancers.
Class combines advanced level modern dance technique and company rehearsals.
Class combines advanced-level modern dance technique and company rehearsals.
Class combines cardiovascular and strengthening exercises.
Class combines core abdominal exercises with plenty of stretching.
Class combines instructor led material with on-line training.
Class combines lecture and discussion.
Class combines lectures, discussions of readings, videos, and film.
Class combines online education with traditional classroom learning.
Class combines traditional classroom learning with online education.
Class concentrates on adjustment of the baby to the water.
Class concludes in a storytelling performance.
Class concludes with a public reading.
Class concludes with an performance.
Class concludes with conditioning and cool-down exercises.
Class concludes with flexibility training.
Class concludes with gentle stretching and flexibility exercises.
Class concludes with relaxation training.
Class concludes with strength training.
Class concludes with stretching for increased flexibility and range of motion.
Class concludes with students developing a completely interrelated knit collection.
Class conducts research on Black community of Toledo.
Class consists of a series of ballet exercises to develop strength, flexibility and agility.
Class consists of both lessons and studio classes.
Class consists of discussion, demonstration, and practice.
Class consists of floor work, center work, and across the floor sequences.
Class consists of form correction, applications, push hands practice.
Class consists of four sessions including one pool session and a minimum of two open water sessions.
Class consists of lecture and demonstration.
Class consists of lecture and discussion, team project research, presentations, and evaluations.
Class consists of lecture and hands-on practical exercises.
Class consists of lecture and lab time.
Class consists of lecture and labs that require hands on assignments, at the computer.
Class consists of lecture and labs.
Class consists of lecture, class discussion, laboratories, presentations, and evaluations.
Class consists of lecture, discussion, small group activities, and group presentations.
Class consists of lecture, writing, and experiential processes.
Class consists of lecture-discussion and laboratory.
Class consists of lectures, discussion and the research lab component.
Class consists of lectures, discussions, in-class presentations of scenes, and frequent papers.
Class consists of lectures, listening labs, and live performances.
Class consists of stretching and toning exercises.
Class consists of theory, lecture and learning basics of hang glider operations.
Class consists of two parts, lecture and discussion.
Class consists of two parts.
Class consists of two weekly lectures.
Class consists of variables and methods.
Class consists of walking, stretching, firming and toning.
Class consists of warm up, self pace aerobics, body sculpting and ends with a relaxing stretch.
Class consists of working on various problems.
Class constitutes a general introduction to computer systems and how they are used.
Class continues after lunch.
Class continues under the tarp.
Class controls the ordering of the segments at linking time.
Class convenes once per week.
Class corrects the quiz.
Class counts towards the general education requirements as one activity in the aquatics core.
Class covers all primary skating skills.
Class covers basic piano skills, reading of music and theory.
Class covers basic Spanish, using health-care vocabulary.
Class covers basics such as antiseptics, salves, and ointments.
Class covers behavior prevention and individualized solutions.
Class covers concepts and techniques.
Class covers construction technique, building the basic form, finishing and decoration.
Class covers first half of workbook.
Class covers how to turn it on, components, hardware, options, operating systems, and software.
Class covers ice climbing and rock climbing.
Class covers idioms, vocabulary, formal, informal and social situations.
Class covers instructional design, media, learning theories, and job hunting.
Class covers Internet overview, resources and applications.
Class covers invoice problems and solutions, vendor history, check maintenance.
Class covers managing folders and files, disks, etc.
Class covers material, choosing subject matter, composition, seeing color, and application.
Class covers preservation, organization, basic components, tools, journaling and more.
Class covers proper grips, forehand, backhand and volley.
Class covers putting, chipping, shots around the green and the basics of the short game.
Class covers rotary cutting and quick piecing.
Class covers rules and regulations for vehicle inspection.
Class covers searching and sorting algorithms.
Class covers selection, storage, freezing and cooking of fresh veggies.
Class covers stance, alignment, grip, swing, rules and etiquette.
Class covers standard American bidding and play.
Class covers strokes, rules, etiquette, tactics for singles and doubles.
Class covers the fundamentals of bass fishing in lakes, ponds and streams.
Class covers the most commonly used stitches including-stem, French knot, Lazy daisy and satin.
Class covers the simple design of reports in relation to the database.
Class Creates a new instance of a class.
Class culminates in a live performance.
Class culminates in the production of an ancient Greek drama.
Class culminates with a celebration of cultural heritage.
Class culminates with a field trip to view professional watercolor paintings.
Class culminates with a mini-performance of song, dance and creation.
Class dates frequently change or are cancelled.
Class dates subject to change without notice.
Class dates to be announced.
Class dates to be arranged.
Class deals with business management, governmental and crop science issues.
Class debates on important environmental issues.
Class debates selected bills proposed by class Democratic and Republican Caucuses.
Class decides on symbols for map legend and students fill in own map accordingly.
Class denotes a person's place within a particular organization.
Class Denotes the type of class that can use a piece of equipment.
Class depends as much on the students as it does on the teacher.
Class describes some of the properties into which most of the buttons can be sorted.
Class Describes the types and the implementation for a set of objects.
Class describes the what kind of object is stored in the resource.
Class describing Person attributes.
Class develops a real-world advertising campaign.
Class develops language, social, motor and cognitive skills.
Class develops list of ways the class can or did make a difference.
Class dictionaries as customizers for adaptive programs.
Class discusses difference between short answers and the longer, more confident answers.
Class discusses effectiveness of reworked games in terms of gender appeal, stereotypes, and bias.
Class discusses federal labor law, union organizing, and collective bargaining.
Class discusses groups' answers before the real ending is presented.
Class discusses how mechanical energy can be converted into heat energy.
Class discusses personnel selection process.
Class discusses responses with each other.
Class discusses solutions.
Class discusses the characteristics of a friendship.
Class discusses the completion and delivery of entire soundtrack to the viewer.
Class discusses the fate of slaves once captured and transported to western hemisphere.
Class discusses the three dimensional characteristics of our galaxy.
Class discusses the various solution methods.
Class discusses what they have learned.
Class discusses what they know.
Class discusses what they learned.
Class discussions each week support the candidates in their pilot study.
Class distinguishes the lives of each heroine and the tone of each book.
Class divides into cooperative learning groups.
Class divides into self-made teams.
Class divides into three-people teams.
Class divides into two teams.
Class divides their own exam questions.
Class do meet.
Class does a brain storming activity.
Class does a different combination of activities for the next hour.
Class does tell.
Class edits and corrects.
Class edits and offers suggestions.
Class emphasizes on hands-on activities using everyday objects.
Class emphasizes somatic awareness as path to loving.
Class emphasizes use of language and articulation, historical insight and character development.
Class encourage to any beard before reserve Hockey skates.
Class encourage to any beard before reserve Houston rockets apparel.
Class encourages interaction with community.
Class ends at noon.
Class ends next week, right.
Class ends when the bell rings.
Class ends with a performance for family and friends.
Class ends with a recital.
Class ends with a soothing meditation.
Class ends with deep relaxation, visualizations or meditation.
Class ends with meditation.
Class ends with simple strengthening exercises and soothing stretches.
Class ends with stretching.
Class entails nine hours of instruction.
Class establishes criteria for success.
Class evaluates an ongoing program.
Class evaluates the promotional claims made based on criteria for evaluation.
Class exercises and activities review specific program elements and practical applications.
Class exercises both onsite and between classes followed by group presentations in class.
Class Exercises Draw a scientist.
Class exercises reinforce knowledge.
Class exercises to develop and discipline actor's physical, vocal, and imaginative equipment.
Class exercises to develop relaxation, concentration, imagination, and improvisation skills.
Class exercises, due dates and exams are in the syllabus.
Class exercises, role playing, small group discussions are also part of the class activities.
Class exercises, team experiences, and case studies.
Class exercises, two discussion memos, and a class project.
Class exists because America was founded with the idea of a class of the elite.
Class explores the scope and etiology of violence in the United States.
Class extends  java.lang.
Class features a mock arbitration exercise and guest arbitrators.
Class features basic choreography for beginners.
Class features lively discussion, service and social events.
Class features new recipe selections.
Class features student projects on campaign tactics and strategy.
Class features to craft a precise and formal description.
Class fills fast, so call soon.
Class fills quickly.
Class fills up fast so call to reserve a spot.
Class fills up fast.
Class finishes with a short strength training segment for legs, gluts and or abs.
Class finishes with an open water dive weekend.
Class finishes with communion.
Class finishes with strengthening and flexibility exercises.
Class focuses on case study and organizational problem-solving.
Class focuses on how relearning how to play and what ways play can be incorporated into sex.
Class focuses on kundalini exercises, mantras, more intensive pranayama, and meditation.
Class focuses on planning, designing and building an herb garden.
Class focuses on team building, decision making, etc.
Class focuses on the art of cutting half-blind and through dovetails by hand in pine and hardwood.
Class focuses on the fundamentals of acting for the stage.
Class focuses on the technical aspect of technical communication.
Class focuses on theoretical constructs through experiential learning.
Class follows directions, without asking questions.
Class generally lasts an hour and a half.
Class generally meets four hours per day, but the schedule is irregular.
Class generally meets outdoors.
Class gets heavily involved.
Class gives input on presentation.
Class gives students a taste of the real world .
Class GOES outside to a field of grass.
Class has a chance to challenge or discuss the solution, and to present alternative solutions.
Class has a foreign and arcane ring to North American ears.
Class has a minimum of four.
Class has a restriction that only one view can be attached to the the pane.
Class has a sense of humor.
Class has begun, call if interested.
Class has definite starting and ending dates.
Class has guest speakers who are from the field of instructional technologies.
Class has hands-on and offers the opportunity to practice each new feature.
Class has limited enrollment.
Class has no place here.
Class has nothing to do with money or position.
Class has nothing to do with money.
Class has the possibility of enhancing relationships through touch and communication.
Class helps .
Class helps coordination, improves circulation, fortify heart and lungs, and improves muscle tone.
Class helps diners make healthy selections.
Class here works that deal principally with modern civilization.
Class highlights Includes a day to day overview.
Class identifies the mystery singer and the game continues through the rest of the verses.
Class includes a bit of oral interpretation, writing, and a lot of creative expression.
Class includes a book and all instructions.
Class includes a brief history of how pinhole cameras have been used through the centuries.
Class includes a complete personalized color analysis.
Class includes a day of swimming classes and a half-hour massage with tip .
Class includes a discussion of file security, floppy disk, hard drives, and the campus network.
Class includes a discussion of utilities and concepts.
Class includes a diskette with an html editor and many sample web pages.
Class includes a field trip to a local hospital to observe.
Class includes a field trip to a local nursery to see and discuss specific plant choices.
Class includes a field trip to a local performance and a student night.
Class includes a field trip to the creek.
Class includes a film, lessons on diaper changing, a tour of the nursery and a snack.
Class includes a free portfolio evaluation.
Class includes a group project.
Class includes a guest speaker in the advertising industry.
Class includes a movie, video, tour, and refreshments.
Class includes a notebook, inserts, and certificate of completion.
Class includes a short presentation on coral ecology and a gallery tour.
Class includes a tour of the maternity areas.
Class includes a trip to a local quarry.
Class includes a warm up and cool down stretch but no aerobic component.
Class includes activities and discussion time.
Class includes activities such as dancing with scarves, wands, and hula hoops and more.
Class includes activities such as dancing with scarves, wands, hula-hoops, and more.
Class includes activities such as singing and dancing to popular show tunes and preschool songs.
Class includes activities, experiments and games to challenge the mind.
Class includes additional sessions in figure drawing.
Class includes aerobic conditioning, light strength training, stretching, and relaxation.
Class includes all dive gear as well as instruction.
Class includes all materials and firing.
Class includes all materials.
Class includes all plants and supplies.
Class includes all supplies, mask, snorkel, T-shirt and certificate upon completion.
Class includes an extended stretch segment.
Class includes an oral presentation.
Class includes an overview of the types of machine on campus and their functions.
Class includes arable land.
Class includes barre, centre and stretch exercises.
Class includes basic announcing and formatting for radio stations.
Class includes basic lab observations and experiments.
Class includes basic striding, turning, and stopping.
Class includes body sculpting.
Class includes book.
Class includes breathing, relaxation and meditation.
Class includes cardiovascular, strength and flexibility workouts.
Class includes chemicals and use of paper processors.
Class includes classroom and outdoor instruction.
Class includes classroom sessions, pool sessions and weekend river trips.
Class includes competitive play and free-throw shooting.
Class includes competitive play using small field and full field scrimmages.
Class includes demonstration, hands-on papermaking and handouts.
Class includes demonstration, role play, and application exercises.
Class includes demonstrations as well as hands-on supervised practice.
Class includes demonstrations on sponge baths, umbilical cord care, and circumcision care.
Class includes demonstrations, hands-on exercises and handouts.
Class includes demonstrations, individual attention and discussions of work in progress.
Class includes discussion of original and adaptation.
Class includes discussion of trim for decorating the results.
Class includes drills and basic strategy of play.
Class includes emergency and fire safety, toy safety and diapering.
Class includes entertaining theater games, improvisational scenes, and dramatic readings.
Class includes examples, samples, demonstrations, and in-class exercises.
Class includes field trip to a recycling plant.
Class includes field work.
Class includes floor barre, the ballet barre, center work, and across the floor dance combinations.
Class includes footwork, conditioning, drills and bouting exercises.
Class includes fun postures and games for building focus and strength.
Class includes functional kinesiology and injury prevention techniques.
Class includes fundamental performance techniques and methods for each discipline.
Class includes guest artists and public performances.
Class includes guest poets.
Class includes guest visits, field trips, and term projects.
Class includes handouts and food samples.
Class includes individual instruc-tion.
Class includes information on equipment and safety.
Class includes information on the types and format of questions, applicable laws and study guides.
Class includes instruction and recipes.
Class includes instruction and use of the overhead harness for special skills.
Class includes instruction, drills, and practice matches.
Class includes instructors, transportation, life jacket , helmets and boating equipment.
Class includes Internet history and terminology.
Class includes kicking and punching techniques, throwing, joint-locks, and groundwork.
Class includes lab investigation .
Class includes lab operation of boilers.
Class includes lab time, more individualized attention, pace appropriate for the class.
Class includes laboratory activities.
Class includes laboratory exercises to illustrate basic processes.
Class includes large and small groups and individual consultation with instructors.
Class includes lecture and hands-on lab.
Class includes lecture and lab.
Class includes lecture and laboratory.
Class includes lecture, applications and homework to reinforce learning.
Class includes lecture, applications, and homework assignments.
Class includes lecture, applications, and homework to reinforce learning.
Class includes lecture, demonstration of Netscape and hands-on practice.
Class includes lecture, demonstration, and plenty of individualized hands-on practice.
Class includes lecture, discussion and small group work.
Class includes lecture, discussion, slide presentation, and film.
Class includes lectures applications.
Class includes lectures, applications, and homework to reinforce learning.
Class includes lectures, demonstrations, and some laboratory exercises.
Class includes lectures, discussions, and in-class screenings of feature films.
Class includes lectures, discussions, practical applications and evaluations.
Class includes lectures, student reports, discussion, and field trips.
Class includes legal highlights of new laws.
Class includes local on-site visits.
Class includes loosely structured assignments, as well as darkroom time and peer review.
Class includes lots of oral practice with a little grammar introduced.
Class includes low fire glazing and other applications to firing.
Class includes low-impact routines to develop muscular strength, endurance, and flexibility.
Class includes more on borders and flowers.
Class includes muscle conditioning and stretching in the post-aerobic segment.
Class includes one-hour laboratory.
Class includes parent discussion and children's activities.
Class includes phone consultations and office hours with the nutritionist.
Class includes photo shoot and introduction to print and runway modeling.
Class includes play-acting, crafts, and stories.
Class includes postures, breathwork and meditation.
Class includes practical application of centering, posturing, framing and shaping.
Class includes practice and development in scene painting.
Class includes process for observing and reporting sightings of wildlife to the State.
Class includes recipe book.
Class includes regular form and color exercises.
Class includes seminars and on-site experiences.
Class includes sessions on design, marketing, child development and presentations.
Class includes simple barre, centre, and stretch exercises.
Class includes ski instruction techniques, avalanche awareness, and equipment repair.
Class includes some strength and flexibility work.
Class includes summer travel.
Class includes tasting.
Class includes tests and work projects.
Class includes tetracycline, doxycycline, and minocycline.
Class includes the kit.
Class includes the pattern, zipper, and nylon strapping.
Class includes times to review new concepts on lab computers.
Class includes tours and speakers.
Class includes training in story telling, oral interpretation of literature, and creative dramatics.
Class includes upper-body toning and ab workout.
Class includes video, demonstration, and hands-on practice by participants.
Class includes videos and attack simulations.
Class includes videotaping and analysis, as well as use of TelePrompTer.
Class includes visits to some of today's most effective real estate Web sites.
Class includes warm up, aerobic toning and cool down.
Class includes warm-up and jazz combinations of movement.
Class includes warm-up, stretching, turns, jumps, and beginning tap footwork.
Class includes warm-ups, progressions, and combinations of the various styles.
Class includes workbook and certification.
Class incorporates technical, athletic, creative, rhythmic and free form movement.
Class individually writes down things they can do.
Class integrates major business English skills with traditional business communication concepts.
Class introduces participants to basic word-processing features.
Class involves basic to intermediate movements, good for beginner to advanced participants.
Class involves both instructional and experiential components.
Class involves grappling and different defense techniques for defense.
Class involves learning relaxation techniques, back, head, and hand massages, and other techniques.
Class involves lecture and discussions.
Class involves the use for computers and film scanners for production.
Class involves work in flexibility, agility, balance, rhythm, strength, and endurance.
Class is a basic query that returns all known classes in the repository.
Class is a business meeting.
Class is a combination of lecture and water work.
Class is a combination of lecture, interactive dialog and experiential exercises.
Class is a concrete description of the abstract.
Class is a day class offered during morning or early afternoon.
Class is a daze.
Class is a division in privileges.
Class is a free weight program that is a total body routine.
Class is a marker.
Class is a much disputed topic.
Class is a prerequisite.
Class is a requirement for graduation.
Class is a small step up from the beginning level, but beginners are welcome.
Class Is a structure that groups related data and the routines to process it into a single entity.
Class is a teen-focused periodical distributed to high schools in Southern Nevada.
Class is a term that carries a certain theoretical weight.
Class is a worthy topic of observance.
Class Is About to Begin.
Class is about to start.
Class is all day on saturday or two evenings.
Class is also a determinant in the application of the death penalty.
Class is also a major factor.
Class is also an issue.
Class is also culture.
Class is also more interesting if one speaks up.
Class is also new.
Class is also open to anyone interested in learning more about helmet and bicycle safety.
Class is also still an issue.
Class is also very difficult to define.
Class is always fun and interesting.
Class is always in session.
Class is always pretty formal.
Class is an abstract base class that template classes device from.
Class is an active participatory aerobic activity which can then be continued throughout life.
Class is an hour and a half with live drumming.
Class is an hour long each day and includes crafts, singing, dancing, storytelling and a snack.
Class is an introduction to the practices and rules of both soccer and kickball.
Class is announced in advance of scheduled offerings.
Class is another issue.
Class is appropriate for students entering kindergarten or first.
Class is approximately two hours.
Class is available over the Internet.
Class is availible to all elves.
Class is availible to all races.
Class is based on the color of skin.
Class is basically a discussion and exercise-based workshop.
Class is bilingual.
Class is both consumer and industry oriented.
Class is both fun and insightful.
Class is both on and off the mat.
Class is broken down into two sections by age.
Class is canceled due to bad weather.
Class is cancelled due to weather.
Class is cancelled for today.
Class is cancelled today due to an ankle injury.
Class is cancelled today due to hurricane floyd.
Class is cancelled today.
Class is cancelled.
Class is centered on the painting studio and it's practices.
Class is closed to anyone convicted of a crime in the last year.
Class is closed, having reached the enrolment cap.
Class is complemented with hands-on use of local area network.
Class is complemented with hands-on use of local area networks.
Class is completed upon submission of a certification tape.
Class is completed upon working on two studio shoots.
Class is conducted according to the discussion method.
Class is conducted almost entirely in French.
Class is conducted almost entirely in Spanish.
Class is conducted almost exclusively in the target language.
Class is conducted as a workshop, with some attention paid to published stories.
Class is conducted as a writing workshop.
Class is conducted both on campus and at local golf facilities, when available.
Class is conducted entirely in Spanish.
Class is conducted exclusively in Spanish.
Class is conducted in chest-deep water at a slow pace with low repetitions.
Class is conducted in English and French.
Class is conducted in English and Italian.
Class is conducted in English and Spanish.
Class is conducted in English.
Class is conducted in Russian.
Class is conducted in Spanish.
Class is conducted in the target language.
Class is conducted largely in Thai.
Class is conducted mostly in Russian.
Class is conducted primarily in Spanish.
Class is conducted primarily without voice.
Class is considerate of others.
Class is considered an appointment.
Class is contained in the java.lang package.
Class is contingent upon a minimum enrollment.
Class is continuous and accommodates both beginning and advanced students.
Class is counted toward police mandatory continuing education requirements.
Class is craft.
Class is crazy.
Class is cross-listed with another class.
Class is defined as all employees similarly situated as to the claims being made.
Class is defined as public.
Class is delivered through video tape and web-based course material.
Class is designed especially for seniors.
Class is designed for adults who wish to learn to swim or who have some swimming experience.
Class is designed for all levels and beginners are welcome.
Class is designed for beginners and experienced dancers interested in improving basics.
Class is designed for beginners, but has much to offer experienced users.
Class is designed for beginners, however intermediate level potters welcome.
Class is designed for developmentally disabled individuals.
Class is designed for individuals and families.
Class is designed for learning disabled students.
Class is designed for new or relatively inexperienced shoots.
Class is designed for novice and experienced carvers.
Class is designed for students with no prior training.
Class is designed for students with special needs.
Class is designed on a support-group model.
Class is designed to benefit all levels of experience.
Class is designed to encourage discussion.
Class is designed to facilitate the teachings by parents.
Class is designed to get ideas flowing, open new horizons and be fun.
Class is designed to help both mom and baby release tension and develop body awareness.
Class is designed to help burn body fat, tone and strengthen muscles.
Class is designed to include functional movement patterns to enhance daily living activities.
Class is designed to reinforce basic musical concepts.
Class is designed to strengthen leadership skills in the early childhood field.
Class is determined by anticipated degree date.
Class is determined by cumulative hours earned.
Class is determined by signal words on the pesticide label.
Class is devoted to critique of the presentations and to suggestions for enhancement of the pages.
Class is dismiss.
Class is dismissed at the end of the period by the teacher.
Class is dismissed at the end of the period.
Class is dismissed for the day.
Class is dismissed.
Class is divided between slides, designing, and lecture.
Class is divided by demonstrated ability and work in very small groups on approiate skills.
Class is divided in half.
Class is divided into groups and given instruction and short lecture about rocks and minerals.
Class is divided into groups of five students.
Class is divided into small cooperative groups.
Class is divided into small groups for discussions.
Class is divided into small groups of five students independently.
Class is divided into small groups of two or three students.
Class is divided into small groups, with each group assigned a section of the reading.
Class is divided into two teams.
Class is done.
Class is ended.
Class is filled.
Class is followed by a big pot luck lunch.
Class is for advanced students to apply skills in real time setting.
Class is for all ability levels.
Class is for all ages and abilities.
Class is for any level of student.
Class is for artists who have some experience with color mixing and are comfortable sketching.
Class is for beginning and intermediate students.
Class is for both men and women.
Class is for dogs who already know commands sit, down, stay, and walking on a leash.
Class is for inpatient families.
Class is foramtted for the older adult.
Class is formatted for the older adult.
Class is four days a week.
Class is four sessions long.
Class is free .
Class is free and lunch is provided.
Class is free but registration is required.
Class is free call to register.
Class is free to participants.
Class is free, but donations are accepted.
Class is free, but pre-registration is required.
Class is free.
Class is friendly and informal.
Class is full.
Class is Full.
Class is fun for both dog and owner.
Class is geared for learning disabled students.
Class is geared to increase endurance and strength.
Class is geared to individual ability.
Class is geared toward public, school and academic librarians and staff.
Class is geared toward the intermediate bridge player.
Class is hands-on and students work through real world examples of networking issues.
Class is hands-on, please dress accordingly.
Class is hands-on.
Class is heavy passenger cars.
Class is held at both the Albany and Chico stores.
Class is held at various, sometimes unique, locations.
Class is held by a certified diabetes educator.
Class is held completely in the computer lab, using latest internet technology.
Class is held in a four foot deep hated pool.
Class is held in natural areas of southwest Michigan.
Class is held in Paris France.
Class is held in the Library for easy access to books and reference materials.
Class is held in the shallow end.
Class is held in the spinning area.
Class is held off-campus.
Class is held on a donation basis.
Class is held on a padded gymnastics training floor.
Class is held on the Sacramento or American River.
Class is held on the sand courts.
Class is held one evening each month.
Class is held outdoors stream side.
Class is held outdoors, weather permitting.
Class is held outside.
Class is held quarterly.
Class is held rain or shine.
Class is held two hours a day, five days a week.
Class is held without parent participation.
Class is ideal for all fitness levels.
Class is important as trademarks are class-specific.
Class is important for information.
Class is important.
Class is in a basic training format.
Class is in a laboratory setting that provides hands-on learning experiences.
Class is in action.
Class is in group or individual.
Class is in Hebrew.
Class is in seminar format using original journal articles.
Class is in seminar format.
Class is in session, so enter quietly.
Class is in session, so have a pencil ready.
Class is in session.
Class is in the cafeteria.
Class is in the same category.
Class is in.
Class is included with membership or pays the daily fee for program members.
Class is indeed a very important factor in social structure.
Class is informal lecture and discussion.
Class is interactive and questions are welcomed.
Class is interesting.
Class is keyed to students' interests and needs.
Class is led by a former smoker.
Class is led by a lay leader and studies various books of the Bible.
Class is led by a variety of teachers.
Class is led by an oncology pharmacist.
Class is letter graded.
Class is limited in size and functions as workshop.
Class is limited in size, pre-registration is required.
Class is limited to eight students for maximum individual instruction.
Class is limited to eight students.
Class is limited to eight.
Class is limited to eighteen.
Class is limited to five students.
Class is limited to four participants, so act soon .
Class is limited to four participants.
Class is limited to four students.
Class is limited to junior and senior students.
Class is limited to six registrants.
Class is limited to six students.
Class is limited to six.
Class is limited to ten students.
Class is limited to ten, pre-paid reservations are necessary.
Class is limited to ten.
Class is limited to the first eight fully paid registrants.
Class is limited to the first ten paid registrants.
Class is limited to twelve lucky individuals who want a weekend of challenge and adventure.
Class is limited to twelve.
Class is limited to twenty-five participants.
Class is limited.
Class is little different from going to the mall or hanging out around the dorm.
Class is lively.
Class is located in the gymnasium.
Class is made up of mostly undergraduates.
Class is mandatory for all active duty members.
Class is mandatory.
Class is met by volunteer who explains the rules.
Class is much easier to understand.
Class is no charge.
Class is non-credit.
Class is non-refundable.
Class is now in session.
Class is now inheritable.
Class is now open.
Class is now over.
Class is nuthin.
Class is offered and includes twice-weekly practices.
Class is offered as zero-hour with students participating in their team math class during the day.
Class is offered at least once a week, and more when possible.
Class is offered every month, for one hour, in the evening.
Class is offered every month, in the evening.
Class is offered four times a week but each class is taught by a separate volunteer teacher.
Class is offered in a casual, upbeat atmosphere.
Class is offered in Grand Island only.
Class is offered on a pass-fail basis.
Class is offered spring, summer and fall.
Class is often misunderstood.
Class is often optional.
Class is on a wait list.
Class is on diversity in early care in early childhood and education.
Class is on various topics, with interactive teaching and team teaching.
Class is one of the most important concepts in the game.
Class is one of the ways in which human societies make distinctions among their members.
Class is one or more single characters, a range of characters a-b , or a combination.
Class is ongoing and taught at all levels.
Class is ongoing.
Class is only two days each week to give children an introduction to a school atmosphere.
Class is open only to state agency staff who work in Austin.
Class is open to all ages and pre-registration is required.
Class is open to all level students in all instruments.
Class is open to all levels.
Class is open to all newcomers for the first three weeks.
Class is open to all skill levels.
Class is open to all students with or without prior wood-work experience.
Class is open to all.
Class is open to both choreographers and performers.
Class is open to children and adults.
Class is open to males and females who wish to excel in athletics, regardless of sport.
Class is open to the community.
Class is organized in an age related, problem oriented manner.
Class is oriented toward experiential learning.
Class is over at three o'clock.
Class is over early, being the first day and all.
Class is over for today.
Class is over for tonite.
Class is over in four minutes.
Class is over when the instructor is finished.
Class is over, everyone failed, and dictatorship returns triumphant.
Class is over.
Class is packed with information about nutrition.
Class is permanent.
Class is pretty casual and lots of fun.
Class is pretty straightforward anyway, lesson plan presentations and peer evaluations.
Class is probably the most important factor in handicapping.
Class is progressive and can be repeated.
Class is ready when each child has raised their hand.
Class is real.
Class is recommended for all divers, as well as non-divers.
Class is recommended for all students majoring in Art Studio.
Class is recommended for physiotherapy and strength conditioning.
Class is reconvened for a large group discussion.
Class is relatively absent from the left's lexicon.
Class is represented by a letter and standing by a number.
Class is runnin' smooth.
Class is sacrosanct.
Class is seated in a circle.
Class is self-supporting and course fee pays for course costs.
Class is seminar style.
Class is shown the second half of the movie.
Class is small and much more demanding.
Class is small so each child gets adequate attention.
Class is small, generally between eight and fifteen.
Class is something that is hard to define, but easy to recognize.
Class is somewhat boring.
Class is somewhat overwhelming because of the way information is presented.
Class is split into two age-groups.
Class is still in session.
Class is structured for beginner, intermediate and advanced riders.
Class is subject to guest artist's availability.
Class is supplemented with crafts and games.
Class is supported by a variety of visual aids that assist students in making lifestyle decisions.
Class is suspended.
Class is tailored to each individual's needs.
Class is taken in last semester.
Class is taught by a native speaker.
Class is taught by a physical therapist.
Class is taught by a qualified instructor.
Class is taught by a registered dietitian.
Class is taught by certified instructors.
Class is taught by certified yoga and perinatal instructors.
Class is taught by experienced class members and church teachers.
Class is taught by junior high algebra teachers.
Class is taught by means of lectures, discussions, and student presentations.
Class is taught by professional cosmetologists.
Class is taught extensively using experiential exercises and cases.
Class is taught in both English and Spanish.
Class is taught in English.
Class is taught in single shells with a low instructor to student ratio.
Class is taught in small recitation groups requiring constant preparation by the student.
Class is taught in Spanish.
Class is taught in the areas newest indoor arena.
Class is taught on an individualized basis using microcomputers.
Class is taught on microcomputers.
Class is taught on the computer using writing software.
Class is taught using strictly motivational methods.
Class is taught using word processing in a computer-equipped classroom.
Class is taught very well.
Class is taught via the Internet.
Class is tax-deductible.
Class is the category or type of the business.
Class is the decisive test.
Class is the great unmentionable in America.
Class is the material reality on which our society and all others in the world today are based.
Class is the number of computers in classrooms.
Class is the operative word here.
Class is the term used to designate a class of jobs.
Class is their safe haven in a poor neighborhood where gang shootings are an everyday danger.
Class is time and space fixed.
Class is to be divided into two groups.
Class is to break into groups of four students.
Class is tomorrow.
Class is too big to have discussions.
Class is too simplistic a method to use to analyse our world.
Class is treated as captive during entire presentation.
Class is treated as captive during most of the presentation.
Class is truly special.
Class is tuition free.
Class is type definition, object is particular specimen of the class.
Class is upstairs.
Class is used the same way - with impunity.
Class is usually less than one hour.
Class is variable in credit depending on class content and number of hours required.
Class is WAY easier than teaching.
Class is weather dependent.
Class is with an adult.
Class is woman-oriented.
Class is work time.
Class isa aggregation.
Class isa collection.
Class knows good manners are nothing more than a series of petty sacrifices.
Class knows that good manners are nothing more than a series of small, inconsequential sacrifices.
Class largely explains why some people are bosses and some people are workers.
Class lasts about an hour.
Class lasts one hour.
Class lectures with appropriate visual aids.
Class limited so sign up early.
Class link to students personal sites.
Class listens carefully.
Class looks at cross-cultural issues in Oregon education .
Class maintain handouts.
Class makes electronics.
Class makes no sense except as a complex of internal relations of capitalism.
Class makes props and scenery for the drama productions.
Class makes use of inventories and exercises to probe relevant issues.
Class makes use of inventories and exercises to probe the relevant issues.
Class means nothing.
Class meets .
Class meets a total of sixteen hours.
Class meets ALL dates listed above.
Class meets alternating weeks.
Class meets at a Decatur dance studio.
Class meets at above times.
Class meets at an outside studio to be announced.
Class meets at major metropolitan hotels.
Class meets at the site.
Class meets at the time and location of the tour.
Class meets at various locations around Monterey Bay.
Class meets both in the classroom and in the language laboratory.
Class meets daily, five hours a week.
Class meets daily, four hours a week.
Class meets daily, six hours a week.
Class meets during the eight-week session.
Class meets either semester with size limited.
Class meets every day.
Class meets every fourth day.
Class meets every other day for one semester.
Class meets every other day.
Class meets every other week.
Class meets every week with presentations scheduled for most weeks.
Class meets first eight weeks of semester.
Class meets first eight weeks.
Class meets first half of fall semester.
Class meets first half-semester.
Class meets first two weeks and last three weeks of the semester.
Class meets first week only.
Class meets five days a week.
Class meets five days per week plus one supervised lab hour.
Class meets five days per week plus work in the language laboratory.
Class meets five days per week with the instructor.
Class meets five hours per week - two hours of lecture and three hours of recitation.
Class meets five hours per week two hours of lecture and three hours of recitation.
Class meets five hours per week.
Class meets five hours weekly, including two hours of drill sections.
Class meets five periods per week.
Class meets five times a week.
Class meets for a three period block.
Class meets for an hour and a half each day.
Class meets for an hour and a half each week.
Class meets for an hour each week.
Class meets for approximately six hours over two days.
Class meets for ducussion sessions.
Class meets for five weeks.
Class meets for lectures and guided discussion.
Class meets for one hour a day.
Class meets for one hour of regular class and two hours of small group breakout sessions each week.
Class meets for one hour, one time a week for four weeks.
Class meets for one hour.
Class meets for one three-hour laboratory session per week.
Class meets for pizza.
Class meets for six hours daily.
Class meets for six hours per week.
Class meets for six weeks.
Class meets for the first half of the semester only.
Class meets for the second half of the semester only.
Class meets for three days.
Class meets for three hours one night a week.
Class meets for three hours per week, one hour lecture and two hours laboratory.
Class meets for three hours, once a week.
Class meets for two hours every other week.
Class meets for two hours of regular class and one hour of small group breakout sessions each week.
Class meets for two hours on two consecutive Fridays.
Class meets formally one hour per week and requires extensive work outside of class meeting time.
Class meets four days a week for a total of six hours a week.
Class meets four days a week.
Class meets four days per week with the instructor.
Class meets four days per week, plus work in the language laboratory.
Class meets four days per week.
Class meets four hours a week.
Class meets four hours each week.
Class meets four hours per week for a total of four credit hours.
Class meets four hours per week.
Class meets four times a week, plus optional sessions in the language laboratory.
Class meets four times weekly.
Class meets in Cheyenne.
Class meets in computer room.
Class meets in library for introduction to research methods.
Class meets in library.
Class meets in nursery school building.
Class meets in small groups of three or four students.
Class meets in the aerobic studio .
Class meets in the aerobic studio.
Class meets in the auditorium.
Class meets in the graphics lab.
Class meets in the large pool.
Class meets in the New Hampshire hall Athletic training room and towel is recommended.
Class meets in the sanctuary.
Class meets in the shallow end of the pool.
Class meets in the Sport Studio.
Class meets in the Sports Studio.
Class meets in the weight room.
Class meets in two two-hour sessions weekly.
Class meets indoors for a bit, then goes outdoors for some shoeing.
Class meets indoors if raining.
Class meets monthly.
Class meets near the basketball courts.
Class meets off campus.
Class meets off-campus at an indoor shooting range.
Class meets off-campus in a bowling alley.
Class meets on a six-week cycle.
Class meets on an arranged basis.
Class meets on campus the first week.
Class meets on campus, driving range, and golf course.
Class meets on campus.
Class meets on the grass between the tennis courts and the children s play area.
Class meets on the lawn by the parking lot.
Class meets on the lower level under the sanctuary.
Class meets on-campus as well as at area departments.
Class meets once a month for the entirety of the semester.
Class meets once a month for three quarters.
Class meets once a month.
Class meets once a week and transportation is provided.
Class meets once a week at the designated time.
Class meets once a week for discussion, presentations, and organized events.
Class meets once a week for discussions, presentations, and organized events.
Class meets once a week for six weeks.
Class meets once a week for three hours.
Class meets once a week for three weeks.
Class meets once a week for two hours with the possibility of extra small group session meetings.
Class meets once a week for two weeks.
Class meets once a week in the indoor pool.
Class meets once a week.
Class meets once each week for four hours.
Class meets once each week for three and a half hours.
Class meets once each week for three hours.
Class meets once every two weeks for testing.
Class meets once monthly.
Class meets once per week for a three-hour rehearsal.
Class meets once per week for four hours.
Class meets once per week.
Class meets once weekly and for a field practicum on a scheduled basis.
Class meets once weekly.
Class meets one day a week for a period of three hours.
Class meets one day per week during a free period or after school.
Class meets one evening per week.
Class meets one hour a week for planning and discussion.
Class meets one hour each week with a two-hour hour laboratory.
Class meets one hour each week with a two-hour laboratory required.
Class meets one hour each week with a two-hour laboratory.
Class meets one hour per week to discuss problems, vocabulary and situations in practicum.
Class meets one time only.
Class meets one-hour lecture and two hours lab each week.
Class meets online in an imagination electronic community specially designed for the course.
Class meets online only.
Class meets only five times in the semester.
Class meets outside Classes sometimes take advantage of warm, sunny days by meeting outside.
Class meets rain or shine.
Class meets regularly, at a fixed time and place.
Class meets second eight weeks of semester.
Class meets second half of fall semester.
Class meets second half of Spring Semester.
Class meets second half of the semester.
Class meets second half-semester.
Class meets seven hours a day.
Class meets six hours per week for four weeks.
Class meets six hours per week in supervised studio work.
Class meets six hours per week.
Class meets Th.
Class meets three days a week and eight hours a day in class.
Class meets three days per week.
Class meets three hours a week for lecture and discussion.
Class meets three hours a week, section one hour a week.
Class meets three hours a week.
Class meets three hours per week, plus work in the language laboratory.
Class meets three hours per week.
Class meets three hours weekly for five weeks.
Class meets three sessions only.
Class meets three times a week .
Class meets three times a week for three hours.
Class meets three times a week.
Class meets three times per week for half the term.
Class meets three times per week for lecture, film, and discussion sections.
Class meets three times per week with the third meeting a lab.
Class meets three times per week, often in a lecture format.
Class meets three times per week.
Class meets thrice per week for one hour lectures.
Class meets to construct a short story in Lakota.
Class meets twenty hours a day.
Class meets twice a week for two weeks to allow time for home training and skill development.
Class meets twice a week in the AV classroom.
Class meets twice a week in the writing lab.
Class meets twice a week to learn new signs and practice using signs and fingerspelling.
Class meets twice a week.
Class meets twice each week for four hours each.
Class meets twice per week for four hours each meeting.
Class meets twice per week.
Class meets twice weekly to discuss readings and issues together.
Class meets twice weekly.
Class meets twice, for two hours each.
Class meets two days per week.
Class meets two hours lecture and one hour lab.
Class meets two hours per week.
Class meets two nights a week.
Class meets two times per week for lab work.
Class meets two times per week, with original writing or revisions due each class.
Class meets two to three days per week.
Class meets weekly for four weeks.
Class meets weekly for one hour with corequisite laboratory and one weekend field training exercise.
Class meets weekly for progress reports, discussion, critical thinking, and problem solving.
Class meets weekly for two hours.
Class meets with members of previous capstone classes to review their projects.
Class mimes it walking around the storyteller in a circle.
Class moves apart to work individually and in small groups on new material through tiered lessons.
Class moves very quickly.
Class multipurpose amphibious assault ships.
Class needs reconstructing.
Class never follows mass.
Class never makes excuses.
Class never runs scared.
Class never tries to build itself up by tearing others down.
Class notes .
Class notes both by students and faculty.
Class notes for each class.
Class notes for each module are available on-line.
Class notes for summer view camera.
Class notes for wrap-up presentation.
Class notes including copies of all transparencies.
Class notes on benefits .
Class notes on circuit analysis and intro.
Class notes on history .
Class Notes on 'Net .
Class notes on representers for acoustic tomography and a shallow-water ocean model.
Class notes on right side and journal or creative entries on left side.
Class notes on the web only present a most general structure of the lectures.
Class Notes Reading packets are available at Paradigm.
Class notes with on-line submission form.
Class now avoids trying to lock the mutex if only read access is required.
Class objects represent interfaces as well as classes.
Class offers a menu for an easy dinner.
Class offers a menu for entertaining.
Class offers a modern interpretation of form.
Class offers a variety of repertoire, from classical to pop.
Class offers advanced searching techniques for the Internet.
Class offers hands-on and offers the opportunity to practice each new feature.
Class offers strength building, toning, and increased flexibility.
Class officially meets T, Th.
Class operates as team to produce recommendations.
Class participates in developing a list of research questions about the eggs.
Class photographs to be taken at each party.
Class places all of the pictures in sequence.
Class plays a big role.
Class plays a factor, buddy.
Class plays a large part in transgender history and how transgendered people are perceived.
Class plays a major role in assuring the ongoing quality of vessels trading into our ports.
Class plays at each grade level.
Class post the berlin wall.
Class prepares a final performance.
Class prepares college newspaper, in addition to attending regular class time sessions.
Class prepares student for writing thesis in fourth year.
Class progresses by discussion, with student participation being crucial.
Class promotes development of unique characters and practical layouts.
Class promotes self awarness, self discipline, physical fitness, self-confidence, and lots of fun.
Class provides activities to reduce tension and improve classroom performance.
Class provides development beyond the text.
Class provides feedback on the plan.
Class provides good exercise and fun for everyone.
Class provides growth in keyboarding speed and improvement in accuracy level.
Class provides intro to fundamentals of digital media.
Class provides students with structured opportunities for learning through service.
Class provides the functionality to produce classes and objects.
Class provides three credits of engineering design credit.
Class provides three credits of engineering science credit.
Class pull River for that bread despite one sound.
Class puts an emphasis on finding science and engineering materials.
Class puts an emphasis on science and engineering resources.
Class quizzes, two short papers, final examination.
Class really means the hedgehog s age.
Class recycles for a fortnight within the classroom.
Class refers to use in a class, usually with the teacher organizing the activities on the computer.
Class refines freestyle, backstroke, breaststroke, butterfly, starts and turns.
Class reflects athletic eligibility.
Class releases all claims for unequal access.
Class remains America's biggest dirty little secret.
Class reports on observations of computer classroom.
Class reports on projects undertaken by local planning agencies.
Class reports on the findings.
Class reports, attendance prizes, sub-committee reports, elementary exams, bank inspection.
Class reports, participation and attendance.
Class reports, videos, speakers and discussion.
Class represents weight in tons, averaging working order, number of drivers and size of drivers.
Class reps only .
Class requires adult accompaniment.
Class requires knowledge of basic computer skills .
Class requires paper relying upon experiences in placement, which is graded.
Class requires practice in writing, including press releases and public relations campaigns.
Class requires purchase of a set of knives.
Class requires some printing experience.
Class requires use of a scientific calculator and purchase of safety goggles for lab use.
Class requires volunteer experience in community agencies.
Class resumes after the exam.
Class resumes Th.
Class returns to the classroom.
Class reviews basic strokes, includes drills and actual game play.
Class rides the bus back to the school.
Class rides the bus to the retirement home.
Class runs approximately six weeks during the spring semester only.
Class runs in sessions.
Class runs seven hours including lunch.
Class says recruiting patients was a part of the requirements.
Class See Philosophy of Right .
Class serves as a rehearsal ensemble for conducting practice.
Class sets Order sample and class sets from the list below.
Class shows clear connections between the neoclassical style in Europe and the arts of the time.
Class shows ways of dealing with people including superiors, co-workers and subordinates.
Class simulates real life business situations.
Class sits on the floor in story area.
Class sizes no larger than six in a class.
Class sizes the curriculum and special services are the same for all students.
Class Specifies a class for the window.
Class specifies the DNS record class value, almost always IN for Internet.
Class spends five days in the Washington, D.C. area.
Class standing at the high school level is determined by the number of credits earned.
Class stands out so brazenly, just because it is so rare.
Class start dates and fees are listed below each course description.
Class start time and duration can be adjusted in five-minute increments.
Class starts and ends on time.
Class starts as soon as the bell rings.
Class starts back in a little less than two weeks.
Class starts each morning with a demonstration of a completed painting by the teacher.
Class starts for all programs occur every month.
Class starts here.
Class starts in two minutes.
Class starts on the hour.
Class starts on time Class begins on time.
Class starts on time.
Class starts promptly at the appointed time.
Class starts promptly on the hour.
Class starts promptly.
Class starts the first day listed.
Class starts up again tonight.
Class starts with basic stretches and isolations, and moves on to popular dance steps and moves.
Class starts with reading from Bible followed by a lively discussion of the verses.
Class starts with warm-up activities.
Class stays together for lunch to discuss the new problem.
Class still has open windows.
Class still rules enormously.
Class stresses leading and following techniques and partnership dancing.
Class struggles, child labour.
Class synthesizes answers into one good definition.
Class take place in the mornings and again in the late afternoon.
Class takes notes on handout provided by teacher.
Class takes notes.
Class takes outing near the end of the term.
Class takes place for a few hours a day in rented one-room shacks close to the students' homes.
Class takes place in an interactive computer theater.
Class takes place in shallow water.
Class takes place online and is designed to be both fun and informational.
Class takes the form of lectures and discussions of reading materials.
Class teaches basic concepts, terminology and keyboarding.
Class teaches students how to do research using online, Internet and print resources.
Class tends to be a much stronger variable in higher-grade races.
Class then adds the title of their group's event on the timeline at the correct date.
Class then brainstorms for all the different countries represented in the classroom.
Class then copies the contents of the disk to the laptop hard drive .
Class then sequences the pictures according to the events in the story.
Class tours the cafeteria.
Class uses high-level commercial animation software.
Class uses lectures, problems, and in-class quizzes.
Class utilizes shallow and deep water, but is always modified for individual concerns.
Class utilizes water dumbbells and noodles for added resistance and fun.
Class visits a new urbanism project.
Class visits the library as a group.
Class volunteers additional ideas to each group.
Class votes for or against a mid-term examination.
Class votes for or against a midterm examination.
Class walks back to the bus stop.
Class walks different routes around the campus.
Class welcomes couples and singles of all ages.
Class works according to their subject matter.
Class works on adjustment to the water, beginning strokes and safety skills.
Class works on joint range of motion and flexibility without jumping or high intensity moves.
Class works on various dances, but new students are accepted at any time.
Class works together to complete a map of Florida with the location of each Native American group.
Class works together to solve an instructor created story problem .
Classes - start with a capital letter and separate words with a single capital letter.
Classes aboard are a mix of day and overnight programs.
Classes accommodate all fitness levels.
Classes accommodate individual learning styles and emphasize independent and guided research.
Classes accommodate most work and personal schedules.
Classes accommodate working people, plus the instructors come from real industry environments.
Classes add to knowledge gained from previous childbirth education.
Classes address community leadership, social responsibility, and citizenship.
Classes address the complicated discourse conventions of interdisciplinary writing and research.
Classes adopt a pond and complete the suggested activities.
Classes afford a profitable way to key in on new and exciting trends.
Classes allow a layer to be created between data and operations on data.
Classes allow author to add meta info to anything.
Classes allow authors to define specific kinds of a given element.
Classes allow developers to write modifiable, readable, reusable code.
Classes allow for hands-on experience.
Classes allow for intensive scene work and lots of individual attention.
Classes allow for rich interaction between students and faculty.
Classes allow users to define their own types.
Classes also address networks, security and legal issues as they relate to the Internet.
Classes also address networks, security, and legal issues as they relate to the Internet.
Classes also are available in Spanish.
Classes also are available online or can be customized and conducted at area businesses.
Classes also are available statewide.
Classes also are open to the community.
Classes also are video-taped for later use by students.
Classes also begin within the required guidelines.
Classes also borrow from boxing, martial arts and old-school military exercises.
Classes also come in for integrated curriculum projects.
Classes also cover Cesarean section.
Classes also discuss sociological effects of rapid technological development.
Classes also emphasize perfecting balance and controlling breathing.
Classes also enjoy many field trips throughout the year.
Classes also explore other areas, including horticulture, food production and small animal care.
Classes also explore the many troubling ethical issues that the Internet poses for journalism.
Classes also focus on proper body alignment and controlled breathing.
Classes also focus on the conservation of historic buildings.
Classes also foster a strong emphasis on international understanding and responsible citizenship.
Classes also have the opportunity to share with one another at that time.
Classes also have weekly scheduled circulation times.
Classes also incorporate the Internet and other technology.
Classes also keep acceptable host and vault sets for each of their instances.
Classes also overlap so that users can fit into more than one class.
Classes also participate in group trips, activities, pageants, and other programs.
Classes also provide socialization, cooperation and, of course, fun.
Classes also provide students with an overview of American culture.
Classes also receive materials to make their own rope.
Classes also reflect topical issues that effect our daily lives.
Classes also schedule the labs for multimedia projects.
Classes also show how to use aromatherapy for everyday health and beauty.
Classes also show the riders how to be more aware of their surroundings.
Classes also take part in assemblies to celebrate the major holidays throughout the year.
Classes also use the schoolyard and encourage activities in halls and classrooms.
Classes also visit the library to hear stories and discuss what they have read.
Classes alternate between teacher instruction and independent work.
Classes alternate on the following schedule.
Classes appeal to couples and singles of all ages.
Classes apply to work and work applies to classroom topics .
Classes are a combination of both regularly scheduled classes and flexible blocks.
Classes are a combination of e-mail, Internet, and other interactive multimedia.
Classes are a combination of lecture and discussion with emphasis on discussion.
Classes are a combination of lecture, demonstrations, and hands-on practices.
Classes are a combination of lecture, discussion and hands-on experience.
Classes are a combination of lecture, hands-on demonstrations, lab time and workshop.
Classes are a combination of lectures and discussion.
Classes are a combined format of demonstration and hands-on unless otherwise indicated.
Classes are a fixed fee price and can be scheduled for a time most convenient for employees.
Classes are a good place to meet people, Rawding agrees.
Classes are a great opportunity for everyone in the family to brush up on their technique.
Classes are a great way to exercise, meet new people and have fun.
Classes are a lot like structures - only more powerful.
Classes are a lot more interesting and productive for learners than for sponges.
Classes are a military obligation.
Classes are a mix of all ages.
Classes are a mix of lecture and hands-on sessions.
Classes are a mix of open readings and criticism of student poems, reports, and tutorials.
Classes are a mixture of lecture and discussion, with emphasis on the discussions.
Classes are a mixture of lecture and discussion.
Classes are a mixture of lectures and practicals.
Classes are a relaxed two-three hours per day.
Classes are a semester in length, but students are free to work ahead if they choose.
Classes are a variety of lectures, discussions, internships, and fieldwork.
Classes are a very valuable way to get started with sign language.
Classes are ability group oriented and allow individual progression within a group environment.
Classes are about one hour long, only on the non-port days, throughout the day.
Classes are about to start.
Classes are about two hours long, twice a week.
Classes are about two hours long.
Classes are about using computers.
Classes are about using rubber stamps.
Classes are abstract, objects are concrete.
Classes are according to weight, engine and kart type.
Classes are active and include full class, small group, pair, and individual activities.
Classes are actually a challenge.
Classes are adaptable to any fitness or experience level.
Classes are added regularly, so check here frequently for up to the minute training announcements.
Classes are adult unless otherwise specified.
Classes are affordable and can be taken close to home or work.
Classes are affordable, and our instructors are top-notch professionals in their respective fields.
Classes are age appropriate and taught by caring, qualified adults.
Classes are age-appropriate, physically and emotionally safe, creative and challenging.
Classes are age-graded and are taught both by our adults and mature teens.
Classes are age-specific and include the use of musical instruments and equipment.
Classes are all academic in nature.
Classes are all day, and are held in local hotels or meeting facilities.
Classes are all three hours long in the mornings, afternoons or evenings.
Classes are almost always at capacity.
Classes are almost full.
Classes are almost never boring.
Classes are also a wonderful way to learn.
Classes are also available at customer locations.
Classes are also available at really great low prices.
Classes are also available at several of the state's educational institutions.
Classes are also available both day and evening.
Classes are also available by appointment at all times.
Classes are also available by appointment.
Classes are also available for adults and teens.
Classes are also available for adults.
Classes are also available for Bilingual students as well as English speaking students.
Classes are also available for children and teens.
Classes are also available for children based on their age level.
Classes are also available for citizens interested in solar home construction.
Classes are also available for continuing education.
Classes are also available for couples, families, or groups.
Classes are also available for individuals and groups.
Classes are also available for Spanish-speaking individuals.
Classes are also available for students and adults at the gallery studio.
Classes are also available for students.
Classes are also available for the 'gifted' children.
Classes are also available for whole departments.
Classes are also available free of charge.
Classes are also available in aerobics, scuba diving, martial arts, and marathon race training.
Classes are also available in both evening and daytime hours.
Classes are also available in hunting and boater safety.
Classes are also available in pointe, character and modern.
Classes are also available in Spanish .
Classes are also available in Spanish.
Classes are also available in summer upon request.
Classes are also available in trompe l'oeil, murals, and advanced painting techniques.
Classes are also available individually.
Classes are also available on an as-requested basis.
Classes are also available on electrical repair, typing and basic home writing.
Classes are also available on line.
Classes are also available on the Internet.
Classes are also available on-line and in distance learning learning formats.
Classes are also available through Hillel.
Classes are also available through mail order, and a limited number are available online as well.
Classes are also available to all riders.
Classes are also available to educate parents on what quality child care is and how to find it.
Classes are also available to the public on a space available basis.
Classes are also available, as is a great gift shop.
Classes are also available.
Classes are also divided into specific age groups and belt levels for easy comprehension.
Classes are also great for learning how to listen and work with teachers.
Classes are also longer and more interdisciplinary.
Classes are also much more interactive as well as case and application focused.
Classes are also objects - they have their own state components and methods.
Classes are also open to adults.
Classes are also open to the general public.
Classes are also welcome to exchange questions about the project or comments and suggestions.
Classes are also welcome.
Classes are always available, check out their web site for the class schedule.
Classes are always co-educational.
Classes are always free for active duty personnel.
Classes are always full.
Classes are always lots of fun and hard work.
Classes are always small.
Classes are always very energetic and dynamic, emphasizing style and rhythmic phrasing.
Classes are always welcome to send in their assignments to be posted online.
Classes are an actual design workshop in the field of fashion design.
Classes are an hour and a half in length.
Classes are an important source of exam material.
Classes are an opportunity to practice contributing.
Classes are another great way to get to know people.
Classes are application oriented and writing intensive.
Classes are appropriate for any skill level.
Classes are appropriate for beginning through advanced skill and fitness levels.
Classes are approx.
Classes are approximately a half hour and users are invited to bring their lunch to class.
Classes are approximately five hours per day.
Classes are approximately four hours long.
Classes are approximately one hour long unless otherwise indicated.
Classes are approximately one hour long.
Classes are approximately two hours long and are held three times a month.
Classes are approximately two hours long.
Classes are approximately two hours.
Classes are at all levels of experience from beginner through intermediate to advanced.
Classes are at beginning, intermediate, and advanced levels.
Classes are at least two days and sometimes up to ten days long with a live instructor.
Classes are at night, so students who have jobs can go to school.
Classes are at the beginners level, intermediate level and advanced level.
Classes are available after hours from many local colleges and universities.
Classes are available all over the world.
Classes are available all year long as well as special activities.
Classes are available almost any day of the week.
Classes are available along with individual consulting support.
Classes are available at a variety of different times, usually weeknights and weekends.
Classes are available at all levels, beginning to advanced.
Classes are available at all levels, from beginning to advanced.
Classes are available at all levels.
Classes are available at every level, from beginning to advanced.
Classes are available at five levels.
Classes are available at many facilities.
Classes are available at many levels.
Classes are available at most man-made climbing facilities and local colleges and universities.
Classes are available at most man-made climbing facilities.
Classes are available at no charge, but students are required to buy their own books.
Classes are available at no cost to eligible individuals.
Classes are available at the gallery in watercolors, acrylics, oils and children s art.
Classes are available at various locations on the south side of Columbus.
Classes are available at various locations throughout Israel.
Classes are available both day and evening.
Classes are available by appointment only.
Classes are available by the hour or by the day.
Classes are available day and evening at the four campuses.
Classes are available day and evening in two day a week four hour sessions for a full semester.
Classes are available days, evenings and weekends at seven Ohio locations.
Classes are available days, evenings and weekends.
Classes are available during both day and evening hours.
Classes are available during the day and at night.
Classes are available during the day and in the evening.
Classes are available during the day, at night and on weekends.
Classes are available during the day, evenings and on the weekends.
Classes are available during the Fall, Spring, and both Summer sessions.
Classes are available evenings and weekends.
Classes are available everyday on a variety of topics.
Classes are available for a limited time only and are listed on the Web.
Classes are available for adults and children with a variety of chronic lung diseases.
Classes are available for adults and youths.
Classes are available for ages three to fifteen.
Classes are available for all ability levels, from beginners to advanced riders.
Classes are available for all age groups.
Classes are available for all ages and ability levels from children to teens.
Classes are available for all ages and opportunities to serve are always open.
Classes are available for all ages and skill levels, and private lessons are available.
Classes are available for all ages and skill levels.
Classes are available for all ages from pre-school through adults.
Classes are available for all ages from the smallest toddler to the senior citizen.
Classes are available for all ages, from toddlers to older adults.
Classes are available for all ages.
Classes are available for all fitness levels.
Classes are available for all in the family.
Classes are available for all level of beginning, intermediate, and the most skillful actors.
Classes are available for all levels - low impact, step, combo, cross training, slide and more.
Classes are available for all levels beginners to advanced.
Classes are available for all levels of ability.
Classes are available for all levels of dancers.
Classes are available for all levels of experience.
Classes are available for all levels of learners, right down to rank beginners.
Classes are available for all levels of woodworkers.
Classes are available for all levels, beginner thru professional.
Classes are available for all skill levels, and include use of equipment.
Classes are available for any interest or skill level.
Classes are available for any length of time, the minimum is oneweek.
Classes are available for anyone from the newest technician to the most experienced.
Classes are available for basic fly fishing, beginner and intermediate fly tying.
Classes are available for beginner and experienced dancers and all clubs welcome new dancers.
Classes are available for beginners , intermediate , and advanced learners.
Classes are available for beginners as well as accomplished quilters.
Classes are available for beginners through advanced writers.
Classes are available for beginning and advanced journalism students as well as advisers.
Classes are available for beginning and experienced dancers.
Classes are available for beginning to advanced levels.
Classes are available for beginning, intermediate and advanced users.
Classes are available for both adults and children.
Classes are available for both adults and teens.
Classes are available for both children and adults.
Classes are available for both English and Western riders.
Classes are available for both experienced printmakers and enthusiastic beginners.
Classes are available for both men and women.
Classes are available for both puppies and mature dogs.
Classes are available for both puppies and older dogs.
Classes are available for both tax and technical practitioners.
Classes are available for canoeing, kayaking, sailing.
Classes are available for children aged two through high school.
Classes are available for children from age three through grade seven.
Classes are available for children, aged kindergarten to college.
Classes are available for children, teenagers and adults.
Classes are available for children, youth and adult sailors.
Classes are available for children, youth and adults.
Classes are available for children, youth, and adults of all age levels.
Classes are available for children, youth, and adults.
Classes are available for competitive obedience and domestic training.
Classes are available for couples with children and couples without children.
Classes are available for credit or audit.
Classes are available for credits.
Classes are available for different age groups.
Classes are available for each age and grade with two or more teachers in each class.
Classes are available for education and fun.
Classes are available for end-users and resellers.
Classes are available for everyone from beginners to programmers and network engineers.
Classes are available for everyone from gymnasts to arthritic patients.
Classes are available for girls, boys, teenagers, men, and women.
Classes are available for grade school aged children, high school students and adults.
Classes are available for groups and academic credit options are frequently available.
Classes are available for individuals needing beginning instruction through advanced levels.
Classes are available for individuals or groups.
Classes are available for infants through age seven.
Classes are available for infants up to older adults.
Classes are available for kids and adults, and for competition or recreation.
Classes are available for kids, beginners, and continuing fencers.
Classes are available for law enforcement and military agencies.
Classes are available for men, women and children ages four and up.
Classes are available for men, women, and children.
Classes are available for one or two sessions per week.
Classes are available for other age groups.
Classes are available for outdoor education groups.
Classes are available for refresher courses, new-hires or module specific courses.
Classes are available for residents and nonresidents alike on a first come first served basis.
Classes are available for residents and non-residents alike.
Classes are available for school age boys and girls as well as preschool siblings.
Classes are available for senior citizen's education in subject areas of art and computers.
Classes are available for students four years old and up.
Classes are available for students preschool through high school.
Classes are available for system users, administrators, management, and data analysts.
Classes are available for the novice, the expert and anyone in between.
Classes are available for university employees only and at no charge.
Classes are available for various age groups.
Classes are available for youth of all ages and for adults.
Classes are available from age four to the professional level.
Classes are available from community colleges and proprietary schools.
Classes are available from nursery to adult.
Classes are available from spring through fall.
Classes are available from two days to five days a week.
Classes are available full and part-time, day and evening.
Classes are available in a traditional classroom setting or as a telecourse.
Classes are available in a variety of areas.
Classes are available in a variety of part- time and full time schedules.
Classes are available in academic subjects, language development and vocational skills.
Classes are available in acting, art, automotive, computers, dance, music, reading and sports.
Classes are available in adult basic education and basic living skills.
Classes are available in both English and Spanish.
Classes are available in both non-credit and degree programs.
Classes are available in English and Spanish.
Classes are available in Japanese arts such as the tea ceremony and flower arrangement.
Classes are available in jazz improvisation and opera performance.
Classes are available in Maryland, Virginia and the District of Columbia.
Classes are available in Modern, African drumming.
Classes are available in most cities.
Classes are available in New Haven and surrounding communities.
Classes are available in Northampton and Worcester.
Classes are available in other counties on a voluntary basis.
Classes are available in Spanish and English.
Classes are available in Spanish, French, German, Russian, Chinese, Japanese, Portuguese and Arabic.
Classes are available in the Baltimore MD area.
Classes are available in the Cincinnati area.
Classes are available in the daytime or evenings.
Classes are available in the evening, and in some locations, during the day.
Classes are available in the Greater Houston area.
Classes are available in the morning and the evening, for all levels.
Classes are available in the morning, afternoon, and evening.
Classes are available in the psychic sciences.
Classes are available in yoga centers and in many gyms and studios.
Classes are available individually, with or without the video.
Classes are available live or on-line .
Classes are available live, on-site, as well as by distance education.
Classes are available morning and night.
Classes are available mornings, afternoons, and evenings.
Classes are available mornings, afternoons, evenings and on weekends.
Classes are available on a broad range of topics.
Classes are available on a limited basis.
Classes are available on a non-credit basis and are structured for individuals of all skill levels.
Classes are available on a part-time basis in the day or evening.
Classes are available on a weekly or monthly basis.
Classes are available on an extension basis.
Classes are available on and off campus.
Classes are available on most days and evenings which are suitable for all levels of fitness.
Classes are available on personal financial planning.
Classes are available on request and require a minimum of eight participants.
Classes are available on the topics listed below.
Classes are available on the weekends and at night.
Classes are available on various days and times at four locations.
Classes are available on various programs and Basic Internet Skills throughout the year.
Classes are available on weekends and in the evening to meet the needs of working professionals.
Classes are available on weekends and weekdays.
Classes are available on weekends, during spring beak and in the summer.
Classes are available on weekends, evenings, late afternoons and during the summer.
Classes are available on-campus or by distance learning.
Classes are available only during the regular academic year.
Classes are available only for children.
Classes are available privately or in groups.
Classes are available seven days and nights a week.
Classes are available through distance education.
Classes are available through out the day and cater for all levels.
Classes are available through several community groups in Austin.
Classes are available throughout the day and evening to meet the needs of the students.
Classes are available throughout the day, and in the evenings.
Classes are available throughout the year except on public holidays.
Classes are available throughout the year for beginning to advanced levels.
Classes are available throughout the year.
Classes are available Thursdays for beginning and intermediate fencers.
Classes are available to all California residents.
Classes are available to all expectant mothers regardless of where they plan to deliver.
Classes are available to all individuals regardless of ability level.
Classes are available to all riders.
Classes are available to auditors only through official registration.
Classes are available to be taken for credit and count toward degree programs.
Classes are available to help people prepare to take their citizenship exams.
Classes are available to non-members at regular class rates.
Classes are available to review or to build necessary literacy skills to meet the required scores.
Classes are available to students during the morning, afternoon and evening hours.
Classes are available to teach patients how to manage their condition better.
Classes are available to teach the art of quilting, from the novice to the most expert.
Classes are available to teach very young children to read.
Classes are available to the public by registering as a special student for the class.
Classes are available to the public on a space available basis.
Classes are available twice per week at each club.
Classes are available upon request.
Classes are available weekdays, weekends and evenings.
Classes are available year round.
Classes are available, call for more information.
Classes are available.
Classes are back to the normal schedules, and the student anxiety is less intense.
Classes are basically in the mornings with students doing individual learning in the afternoons.
Classes are beneficial for arthritis, as well as for muscle pain and weakness.
Classes are between one and twelve weeks in length.
Classes are big.
Classes are bilingual.
Classes are both credit and non-credit, and tuition and fees vary.
Classes are both credit and non-credit.
Classes are both dat and evening hours.
Classes are both during the day and at night.
Classes are both instructional and experiential.
Classes are both practical and intellectually challenging.
Classes are by age categories except for adults.
Classes are by appointment and exhibitions are held by invitation.
Classes are by appointment only, and pre-registration is required for all children's programs.
Classes are by appointment only.
Classes are by appointment.
Classes are by reservation only.
Classes are by reservation.
Classes are canceled, administrative operations are closed.
Classes are child-centered, allowing for exploration, creativity and discovery.
Classes are classes.
Classes are closed at the end of the first day of each session.
Classes are closed when class maximums are met.
Classes are coed and instruction is given at beginning, intermediate, and advanced levels.
Classes are coed and meet one hour weekly.
Classes are coed and students attend two classes a week.
Classes are coed and taught by a certified instructor.
Classes are coed or for women only.
Classes are coed.
Classes are coeducational, and the faculty and campus facilities serve both Colleges.
Classes are co-educational, unless otherwise noted.
Classes are collections.
Classes are collegial, fun, non-credit, with emphasis on conversation.
Classes are community based and both day and evening sessions are available.
Classes are comparatively small and counselling is of course on a onetoone basis.
Classes are computer intensive.
Classes are concrete by default.
Classes are conducted in an informal setting, so casual attire is appropriate.
Classes are conducted in Russian and oral proficiency is stressed.
Classes are consistent with the state standards and frameworks.
Classes are consistently full and survey participants predict a growing demand for more.
Classes are content based.
Classes are contingent on minimum enrolments in each case.
Classes are contingent upon sufficient enrollment.
Classes are continuous throughout the year in Hobbs.
Classes are continuous to fit all time zones.
Classes are continuous.
Classes are convenient, and generally scheduled during late afternoon and evening hours.
Classes are convenient, and generally scheduled during later afternoon and evening hours.
Classes are conversational and incorporate everyday vocabulary.
Classes are conversation-based to develop all the skills needed to communicate in English.
Classes are courses.
Classes are cross referenced.
Classes are currently available in nine subject areas.
Classes are currently full.
Classes are currently on hold due to delays in building completion and club operation.
Classes are currently one day sessions at our facilities in Houston, Texas.
Classes are customarily open to persons from other churches.
Classes are custom-designed for experience level and processing requirements of participants.
Classes are deliberately small to encourage every student's participation.
Classes are dependent on fishing conditions and vary from month to month.
Classes are descriptions of objects with a common implementation.
Classes are determined to be similar based on their positions in a class hierarchy tree.
Classes are developmentally appropriate and include a wide variety of activities.
Classes are devoted to lecture, problem solving, and discussion.
Classes are devoted to problem-solving methods and explanations, and quizzes and tests.
Classes are different than in high school, usually requiring more prep time.
Classes are difficult, and no allowance is made for non-majors.
Classes are discipline oriented.
Classes are discussion oriented, with periodic writing assignments throughout the semester.
Classes are discussion-oriented and focus on contemporary Christian issues.
Classes are discussion-oriented to encourage students to develop and articulate their own views.
Classes are discussion-oriented.
Classes are diverse from accounting and languages to computer and graphics.
Classes are divided according to age and area of concentration.
Classes are divided according to age groups.
Classes are divided according to age.
Classes are divided into orders, then families, and then genera.
Classes are downtown, with housing available near the beaches.
Classes are during non-working hours.
Classes are during the day.
Classes are during the fall, winter, and spring quarters of the year.
Classes are during working hours.
Classes are dynamic and always planned around student interests.
Classes are dynamic, educational and fun.
Classes are dynamic, interactive, and entrepreneurial.
Classes are easier and tougher.
Classes are easy to teach.
Classes are eight meetings of two hours each.
Classes are eight weeks in length.
Classes are eight weeks unless noted.
Classes are either free or low-cost and require only a few hours of initial training.
Classes are either free or low-cost.
Classes are either introductory or intermediate skill level.
Classes are either seminar or hands-on and last from one to two hours.
Classes are elective and held once a week during the school year.
Classes are elegance.
Classes are enjoyable.
Classes are environments for discovery and discussion in a supportive atmosphere.
Classes are expensive and take a lot of time out of one's already busy schedule.
Classes are experiential and explore the theory and skills of conflict resolution and mediation.
Classes are experiential, and hands on.
Classes are experiential, hands-on learning sessions and meet at various community locations.
Classes are experiential, including both theoretical material and interactive process.
Classes are extra.
Classes are extremely limited in size and reservations are required.
Classes are extremely popular and well attended.
Classes are fast, fun, and teach more than just the fundamentals.
Classes are fast-paced and emphasize practical skills.
Classes are fast-paced and focused.
Classes are fast-paced with an emphasis on practical skills.
Classes are fast-paced, intensive, and resemble vocal ensemble rehearsals.
Classes are fifteen weeks and just twice a year.
Classes are fill on a first-come basis.
Classes are filled by a pre-paid advance registration on a first come, first serve basis.
Classes are filled on a first come basis, so early registration is important.
Classes are filled on a first come, first serve basis.
Classes are filled on a first-come basis, so early registration is encouraged.
Classes are filling quickly and only limited spaces are available.
Classes are filling up quickly, so please sign up early.
Classes are fine.
Classes are five weeks long.
Classes are flexible and offered to meet the needs of community members.
Classes are flexible and open to a wide range of ages and skill levels.
Classes are flexible and tailored to each individual's special needs.
Classes are focused on teaching basic and advanced computing skills to Seniors.
Classes are for adult beginners or youth.
Classes are for adults only and meet on the Student Recreation Center courts.
Classes are for adults only, due to the instructors limited time.
Classes are for adults only, taught by former key professionals from the Australian dance scene.
Classes are for all ages and are divided into smaller groups based on age and ability.
Classes are for all ages.
Classes are for all levels from beginners to advanced.
Classes are for all levels of fitness and for any ages.
Classes are for all levels.
Classes are for all skill levels.
Classes are for any student capable of successfully completing the applied curriculum.
Classes are for anyone interested in performance enhancement.
Classes are for beginner and intermediate levels.
Classes are for beginners and experts.
Classes are for beginners.
Classes are for beginning and continuing students of all ages and levels.
Classes are for both beginner and advanced students.
Classes are for both children and adults.
Classes are for both the novice and the more experienced user.
Classes are for boys and girls younger than five years old.
Classes are for children and their caregivers.
Classes are for children in kindergarten through fifth grade.
Classes are for college students and young adults.
Classes are for enrichment and are non-credit.
Classes are for members only.
Classes are for men, women and teen-agers.
Classes are for mixed ages from birth through and including four.
Classes are for one or two days.
Classes are for participants of all levels.
Classes are for peasants.
Classes are for people newly diagnosed with diabetes and for people who want better control.
Classes are for personal enrichment and just for the fun of it.
Classes are for personal enrichment only.
Classes are for players at every level and some are offered in Spanish.
Classes are for sharing implementation.
Classes are for students of beginning and intermediate proficiency in English.
Classes are for students.
Classes are for swimmers of all levels.
Classes are for the beginning to advanced student with workshops on special topics.
Classes are for Verona library card holders only, and registration is required.
Classes are for women who are newcomers to Canada, especially women with children.
Classes are for youth.
Classes are forming now, call today.
Classes are fortnightly in semester two.
Classes are forty five minutes long.
Classes are forty minutes.
Classes are forty-five minutes in length with a seven period day.
Classes are four days per week allowing ample travel time.
Classes are four hours long, one night a week.
Classes are four weeks to eight weeks long.
Classes are fourteen weeks of group instruction supplemented by private lessons.
Classes are FREE , but registration is required.
Classes are FREE .
Classes are free and adults are invited to participate with their children.
Classes are free and are for faculty, students and staff.
Classes are free and attendance at both classes is encouraged.
Classes are free and available by appointment.
Classes are free and can be designed for health professionals or the public.
Classes are free and can be joined at any time.
Classes are free and child care and transportation assistance provided.
Classes are free and childcare is provided on site at no charge.
Classes are free and childcare is provided.
Classes are free and classroom materials are provided.
Classes are free and for members only.
Classes are free and instruction is delivered in a positive supportive atmosphere.
Classes are free and last about an hour and a half.
Classes are FREE and no preregistration is required.
Classes are FREE and no registration is required.
Classes are FREE and NO registration is required.
Classes are FREE and open to active duty personnel, dependents and retirees.
Classes are free and open to all adults.
Classes are free and open to all base personnel.
Classes are free and open to all full-time employees pending supervisory approval.
Classes are free and open to all students, faculty, and staff.
Classes are free and open to any member of the campus community.
Classes are free and open to everyone, but registration is necessary.
Classes are free and open to everyone.
Classes are free and open to faculty, staff, and students.
Classes are free and open to residents of Jackson County.
Classes are free and open to students, faculty, staff and the community.
Classes are free and open to the public and all age groups.
Classes are free and open to the public and beginners are always welcome.
Classes are free and open to the public.
Classes are free and run throughout the fall and spring semesters.
Classes are free and taught by professional teachers who volunteer their services.
Classes are free and transportation is provided.
Classes are FREE at our facilities.
Classes are free but pre-registration is required.
Classes are free for adults.
Classes are free for all ages.
Classes are free for Friends of the Museums.
Classes are free of charge and are offered in a variety of settings and at convenient times.
Classes are free of charge and open to all.
Classes are free of charge for all members.
Classes are free of charge for Butte County disaster volunteers.
Classes are free of charge for members.
Classes are free of charge to all persons in the water supply and distribution industry.
Classes are free of charge to employees in state-funded positions.
Classes are free of charge to everyone.
Classes are free of charge unless otherwise noted in class description.
Classes are free of charge unless otherwise noted.
Classes are free of charge, and there are no fees for new students.
Classes are free of charge.
Classes are FREE of charge.
Classes are free on a first-come basis and consist of eight sessions.
Classes are free or for a nominal charge.
Classes are free or offered at a nominal cost.
Classes are free to all employees.
Classes are free to all students, faculty, and staff.
Classes are free to all, including members and non-members.
Classes are free to anyone interested in becoming a foster parent.
Classes are free to campus faculty and staff.
Classes are free to clients who qualify.
Classes are free to currently registered U of U students.
Classes are free to flips.net internet service subscribers.
Classes are free to high school students who enroll in the concurrent enrollment program.
Classes are free to Life Science faculty and affliates, staff, and students.
Classes are free to members .
Classes are free to members while non-members can attend too for a small fee.
Classes are free to members.
Classes are free to South Bank students.
Classes are FREE to students with a valid VCU ONE card.
Classes are FREE to students.
Classes are free to subscribers, but reservations are required.
Classes are free to the applicants.
Classes are free to the public but space is limited.
Classes are free unless a fee is indicated.
Classes are free unless otherwise indicated.
Classes are free with admission.
Classes are free with an open enrollment policy.
Classes are free with membership.
Classes are free with price of admission to museum.
Classes are free, and in-class copies of workbooks are provided.
Classes are free, and most children attend on a part-time basis.
Classes are free, and there is no political or religious agenda.
Classes are free, but a fee is charged for each of the five tests.
Classes are free, but donations are welcomed.
Classes are free, but enrollment is limited.
Classes are free, but limited to six adults due to space constraints.
Classes are free, but limited to six people due to space constraints.
Classes are free, but pre-registration is required.
Classes are free, except for materials.
Classes are free, some are in both Spanish and English and child care is available for most classes.
Classes are free, unless a fee is listed in the course description.
Classes are free.
Classes are Free.
Classes are frequently smaller than in the public schools, and there are fewer discipline problems.
Classes are friendly and members are encouraged to listen and learn from each other.
Classes are friendly, supportive and fun.
Classes are friendly, supportive, and noncompetitive.
Classes are full day except where noted.
Classes are full of enthusiastic participants.
Classes are full of fun and informative.
Classes are full or have been turned off to phone registration.
Classes are full participation, tasting seminars.
Classes are full participation.
Classes are full.
Classes are fun and are conducted through enjoyable games.
Classes are fun and can be a rewarding personal or family experience.
Classes are fun and easy and can become a new family experience.
Classes are fun and effective.
Classes are fun and interactive.
Classes are fun and lively.
Classes are fun and practical and include equipment use and emergency procedures.
Classes are fun and profitable, and they are offered during all church services.
Classes are fun and relaxing yet invigorating.
Classes are fun as well as practical.
Classes are fun for all ages.
Classes are fun for the younger set as well as the older adults.
Classes are fun, affordable, and last from four to eight weeks, depending upon the subject.
Classes are fun, but they do have their down times.
Classes are fun, challenging, and provide opportunities to grow as disciples.
Classes are fun, educational, and a great way to relieve stress.
Classes are fun, efficient, and personalized.
Classes are fun, informative, and relaxed.
Classes are fun.
Classes are gathering.
Classes are gener ally scheduled once each week.
Classes are general pattern with properties and requests for a specific type of object.
Classes are generally a mix of lectures, group exercises and discussions.
Classes are generally available in English, unless otherwise indicated.
Classes are generally easy to get into.
Classes are generally filled well before Festival dates, so advance registration is recommended.
Classes are generally free and last four to six weeks.
Classes are generally full-time.
Classes are generally one-time two hour courses.
Classes are generally open to members of the church only, however, certain classes are open to all.
Classes are generally six weeks long, but some are as short as three days.
Classes are generally small and informal.
Classes are generally small and personalized.
Classes are generally small and rely on a combination of discussion and lecture.
Classes are generally small taught in a purpose built teaching space.
Classes are generally small, allowing for close student-faculty interaction.
Classes are generally small, and faculty-student interactions are encouraged.
Classes are generally small, giving students ample opportunity for personal attention.
Classes are generally small.
Classes are generally smaller in size and less expensive when compared to university.
Classes are generally smaller in small schools and violence tends to happen less often.
Classes are generally very small.
Classes are given in some schools.
Classes are good, but a bit unstructured at times.
Classes are good.
Classes are group lessons, and racquets are available.
Classes are groups of people.
Classes are half-days.
Classes are hands on, so the number of seats are limited.
Classes are hands-on and include application use, tips, and recommendations.
Classes are hands-on and last for one hour.
Classes are hands-on combined with theory.
Classes are hands-on with a focus on sensory awareness and ecological concepts.
Classes are hands-on, and demand participation.
Classes are hands-on, and include either lunch or dinner, depending on the class.
Classes are hands-on, fun, exciting, positive and centered around a supportive learning environment.
Classes are harder and longer, and there's more on the line.
Classes are heald five days a week.
Classes are heald in small house-like structures located within the Hacienda.
Classes are held at vaious times please call for schedule.
Classes are held both indoors and outdoors, so be sure to dress accordingly.
Classes are held in spacious ballroom, please wear comfortable clothes.
Classes are held is rooms that are modest and almost uncomfortable given the weather in the region.
Classes are held throughout the area, they are free and open to the public.
Classes are heterogeneous and team teaching is used.
Classes are heterogeneously mixed by ability, motivation, and interest.
Classes are high on written communication and collaborative learning.
Classes are high quality.
Classes are highly interactive and filled with career-oriented students.
Classes are highly interactive ensuring a more personalized learning experience.
Classes are highly interactive, drawing on the needs and interests of the class.
Classes are highly interactive.
Classes are highly participatory in nature involving small and large groups.
Classes are highly personalized so that specific needs and interests are certain to be met.
Classes are huge and impersonal.
Classes are important and have their place.
Classes are important, but so is 'out of the classroom' learning.
Classes are important.
Classes are in a group setting.
Classes are in a lecture and discussion format.
Classes are in an enjoyable environment.
Classes are in either German or English depending on the needs of the students.
Classes are in English and are under the guidance of a Western and a Tibetan teacher.
Classes are in English.
Classes are in four hour blocks, eight hour days.
Classes are in French and English.
Classes are in full swing, with homework taking top priority on study hall evenings.
Classes are in high demand and fill quickly.
Classes are in red.
Classes are in session and offices are open for the day.
Classes are in session during the school year.
Classes are in session five days per week.
Classes are in session now, so the campus is a busy place.
Classes are in session.
Classes are in the afternoon.
Classes are in the com.opensymphony.tools package.
Classes are in the daytime.
Classes are in the evening.
Classes are in the evenings and the goal is to train local leaders from the local congregations.
Classes are in the form of lectures, seminars and working groups.
Classes are in the gymnastics room on the lower level.
Classes are in the morning and are given in three levels.
Classes are in the morning and staff supervise recreational practice in the afternoon.
Classes are in the morning, afternoon, and evening in many places in Austin.
Classes are in the small gym in the center of the complex.
Classes are in workshop mode, and student participation is promoted at all times.
Classes are independent, each having a separate topic and individual instructor.
Classes are individualized and FREE of charge.
Classes are individualized and instruction is designed to meet each student's needs.
Classes are individualized and self-management skills are taught and encouraged.
Classes are inexpensive and available to everyone.
Classes are informal and individualized.
Classes are informal and interactive.
Classes are informal and students are urged to ask questions and to participate actively.
Classes are informal with both individual and group work.
Classes are informal, and casual dress is the norm.
Classes are informal, and participants' questions are encouraged.
Classes are informal, relaxed, and noncompetitive.
Classes are informative, entertaining, and of course, filled with delicious food.
Classes are innovative and experiential in design.
Classes are instances of metaclasses, and objects are instances of classes.
Classes are instructor lead.
Classes are instructor-facilitated and highly interactive.
Classes are instructor-led or self paced tutorials.
Classes are intended to have interaction, so be proactive.
Classes are intensive and serious, yet small and intimate.
Classes are intensive learning experiences adapted to a weekend time frame.
Classes are intentionally kept small, so space is limited.
Classes are intentionally small, allowing good faculty-student interaction and personal attention.
Classes are interactive and alive.
Classes are interactive and experientially based.
Classes are interactive and give learners opportunities to experience varied teaching techniques.
Classes are interactive and include guest speakers, group and individual exercises.
Classes are interactive and involve everyone in the language experience.
Classes are interactive and students are challenged to do their best.
Classes are interactive and use adult learning techniques.
Classes are interactive in nature with substantial opportunities for experiential learning.
Classes are interactive with linguistic and socio-cultural proficiency the goals.
Classes are interactive, and participation in discussions is encouraged.
Classes are interactive, nonjudgmental, and honest.
Classes are interactive, vibrant and team-based.
Classes are interdisciplinary, problem oriented and organized around a project.
Classes are interested in what impacts pollution has on streams and local water bodies.
Classes are interesting and fast-paced.
Classes are interesting and tests are easy.
Classes are into a routine now, but the season has changed.
Classes are just one session and last one and a half hours.
Classes are kept small, so students can receive individual attention.
Classes are kept small, under ten people, so students get personal attention.
Classes are large and books in short supply.
Classes are large enough to do major plays, but small enough for individual attention.
Classes are large enough to do major plays, yet small enough to allow for individual attention.
Classes are large, parent involvement is scarce, and student skill levels vary.
Classes are large, students are competitive and life moves at a fast pace.
Classes are large.
Classes are leagues.
Classes are lecture or studio.
Classes are lecture, discussion, with moderate reading assignments.
Classes are lecture-discussions making full use of slides, maps, and video.
Classes are less expensive than private lessons, with the trade-off of less personal attention.
Classes are limited - allowing for a high degree of individual attention.
Classes are limited and admission to cosmetology requires departmental approval.
Classes are limited and are based on a first come, first serve basis.
Classes are limited and are filled on a first come first served basis.
Classes are limited and fill quickly.
Classes are limited and fill up quickly.
Classes are limited and reservations are being accepted.
Classes are limited due to the size of the training lab.
Classes are limited in size and enrollment is closed when classes are full.
Classes are limited in size, early registration is recommended.
Classes are limited so that individual needs are met.
Classes are limited to a maximum of six children each.
Classes are limited to a small number for more individual attention.
Classes are limited to about fifteen students each.
Classes are limited to eight children per session.
Classes are limited to eight couples.
Classes are limited to eight juniors per instructor.
Classes are limited to eight participants using two tennis courts.
Classes are limited to eight people.
Classes are limited to eight students per session.
Classes are limited to eight students, so early registration is recommended.
Classes are limited to eight students.
Classes are limited to fifteen students which allows for more individualized instruction.
Classes are limited to fifteen students.
Classes are limited to five participants to assure hands-on training and individual attention.
Classes are limited to five people so quality instruction is guaranteed.
Classes are limited to five people.
Classes are limited to five persons so quality instruction is guaranteed.
Classes are limited to five students to provide more personal attention.
Classes are limited to five students.
Classes are limited to four participants to one instructor.
Classes are limited to four students per class.
Classes are limited to four students to enforce a safe and fun experience.
Classes are limited to four students with one coach and meet for three two hour sessions.
Classes are limited to four students.
Classes are limited to high school seniors and qualified juniors.
Classes are limited to one student at a time.
Classes are limited to only public and protected though.
Classes are limited to provide individual attention and a lot of opportunity for hands-on practice.
Classes are limited to seven or fewer and children are grouped by age and ability level.
Classes are limited to seven students per class.
Classes are limited to six participants.
Classes are limited to six people, two people per computer.
Classes are limited to six people.
Classes are limited to six persons.
Classes are limited to six students .
Classes are limited to six students and everybody gets to cook.
Classes are limited to six students and last five to six hours.
Classes are limited to six students.
Classes are limited to size.
Classes are limited to ten children each.
Classes are limited to ten or less students with the serious attention of experienced instructors.
Classes are limited to ten participants.
Classes are limited to ten persons and advanced registration is required.
Classes are limited to ten students each, and fill quickly.
Classes are limited to ten students.
Classes are limited to ten young adults.
Classes are limited to the first thirty paid registrants.
Classes are limited to thirty students with a maximum of five chaperones.
Classes are limited to three students per instructor.
Classes are limited to to students per instructor.
Classes are limited to twelve students.
Classes are limited to twenty students, and fill quickly.
Classes are limited to twenty students.
Classes are limited to twenty.
Classes are limited to two individuals.
Classes are limited to two students per instructor.
Classes are limited, and pre-registration is required.
Classes are limited, so register early.
Classes are limited.
Classes are lively, readers are carefully chosen and teachers are highly motivated.
Classes are lively, taught almost solely in the target language.
Classes are located in conferences.
Classes are located in schools.
Classes are longer with a few offered in between semesters in intensive one-week formats.
Classes are low cost.
Classes are meetings.
Classes are merely the description, the blueprint.
Classes are minimum of six, maximum of ten golfers.
Classes are minimum of six, maximum of twelve golfers.
Classes are mixed ages and include songs, rhythmic chants, movement and instrument play.
Classes are mixed boys and girls.
Classes are mixed nationality.
Classes are mobile or held in the open air.
Classes are moderately sized and undergraduate programs are offered both days and nights.
Classes are month long.
Classes are more fun.
Classes are more important than sports.
Classes are more like an open forum as opposed to a great lecture hall where the teacher dictates.
Classes are more like seminars than lectures and many are project-based.
Classes are more like seminars than lectures.
Classes are more than grammar input and drill session.
Classes are more than lectures.
Classes are mostly in lecture form.
Classes are much smaller.
Classes are multiage.
Classes are multicultural and discussions and group assignments are integral parts of the courses.
Classes are multidisciplinary and support and enhance the school curriculum.
Classes are multi-graded with one or two teachers per room.
Classes are multi-level.
Classes are mutually exclusive, what means that the training object can belong to only one class.
Classes are neat.
Classes are necessarily subject to the availability of library personnel.
Classes are never consistent.
Classes are never dull.
Classes are never larger than four students to each instructor.
Classes are never larger than thirty students and most have only fifteen students.
Classes are new and the routine has yet to be established.
Classes are ninty minute periods which meet one day a week.
Classes are no charge to flight group members.
Classes are no longer in session.
Classes are non-credit and are offered at no cost to the student.
Classes are noncredit and nongraded.
Classes are non-credit and without charge.
Classes are noncredit, usually one or two days long, and generally there is an enrollment fee.
Classes are non-participatory.
Classes are nontaxable.
Classes are non-transferable.
Classes are normally in Spanish.
Classes are normally six weeks in length.
Classes are now available in Wilmington .
Classes are now available on the web.
Classes are NOW available.
Classes are now back in session and the second term is off and running.
Classes are now folders and can be nested and contain other settings.
Classes are now full.
Classes are now in progress.
Classes are now in session.
Classes are now over.
Classes are nteractive, including hands-on demonstrations.
Classes are numerous now and subjects are varied.
Classes are objects that store shared information in 'class attributes'.
Classes are obviously a major responsibility all along.
Classes are of mixed ability.
Classes are of moderate size.
Classes are of one-hour duration, four days per week.
Classes are of reasonable size.
Classes are off the record.
Classes are offered day and evening at convenient locations.
Classes are offered in New Jersey, California, and Florida.
Classes are offered in the morning, afternoons are free.
Classes are offered on various days of the week, times, and languages.
Classes are offered primarily during daytime hours and full-time study is required.
Classes are often available in colleges or trade schools.
Classes are often co-facilitated by a trained teacher and a health professional.
Classes are often free.
Classes are often inter-generational and welcome couples and single adults of all ages.
Classes are often noisy, busy, unruly, and thus a-typical of college classrooms.
Classes are often small and intimate.
Classes are often small.
Classes are often smaller than at four-year institutions.
Classes are often smaller, and classmates are similarly motivated achievers.
Classes are often very multi-cultural.
Classes are ok other then that.
Classes are ok.
Classes are on a continuous basis.
Classes are on a first come basis.
Classes are on a first come first, serve basis.
Classes are on a first come, first serve basis, some with limited enrollment.
Classes are on a first come, first serve basis.
Classes are on a first come, first served basis and fill up quickly.
Classes are on a rare occasion canceled or re-scheduled depending on enrollment.
Classes are on a sign-up basis.
Classes are on a space available basis.
Classes are on a variable schedule.
Classes are on an altered schedule.
Classes are on campus and by appointment.
Classes are on going during the school year.
Classes are on going.
Classes are once a week.
Classes are one and half hours every other week.
Classes are one day only and run three hours long.
Classes are one hour and are held in our new computer lab.
Classes are one hour and fifteen minutes in length.
Classes are one hour and fifteen minutes long.
Classes are one hour and forty-five minutes long.
Classes are one hour each and are available for owners of puppies and of adult dogs.
Classes are one hour each and meet for five weeks.
Classes are one hour each and run for six weeks.
Classes are one hour each week.
Classes are one hour in duration and are based on a set schedule.
Classes are one hour in length for instruction and one and one-half hours of free skiing.
Classes are one hour in length.
Classes are one hour long and meet three times a week for eight weeks.
Classes are one hour long except for the third class, which is longer to accommodate lunch.
Classes are one hour long.
Classes are one hour per week over a seven-week period.
Classes are one hour per week over six weeks.
Classes are one hour per week.
Classes are one hour, meet during the morning hours and are completely free of charge.
Classes are one session and last for two hours.
Classes are one week long and meet for three hours a day in the morning or afternoon.
Classes are one weekend long.
Classes are ongoing and children can join at any time.
Classes are ongoing and meet during the week and weekend.
Classes are ongoing and meet once a week.
Classes are ongoing and new children are welcome.
Classes are on-going and target different skill levels and age groups, for both children and adults.
Classes are on-going and tuition FREE unless otherwise indicated.
Classes are on-going and tuition free.
Classes are ongoing during the school year.
Classes are ongoing monthly.
Classes are ongoing year round with opportunities to sign up every six or eight weeks.
Classes are ongoing, join at any time.
Classes are on-going, so come and join the fun.
Classes are on-going.
Classes are ongoing.
Classes are open entry and exit, and students are able to work at their own pace.
Classes are open entry and free of charge.
Classes are open entry and open exit, and there is no change.
Classes are open for all couples.
Classes are open for both men and women to attend.
Classes are open or customized to a group of individuals.
Classes are open through the second session.
Classes are open to active duty, family members, and civilians.
Classes are open to adults and high school age students, interested in learning to sail.
Classes are open to all adults, including qualifying young adults age sixteen and above.
Classes are open to all adults.
Classes are open to all ages and ability levels.
Classes are open to all ages, sizes and fitness levels.
Classes are open to all ages.
Classes are open to all and at a range of skill levels.
Classes are open to all campus users .
Classes are open to all children regardless of the town of residence.
Classes are open to all employees.
Classes are open to all expectant parents.
Classes are open to all faculty, staff, and students.
Classes are open to all health services personnel in both clinical and office settings.
Classes are open to all individuals meeting the prerequisites.
Classes are open to all interested and motivated students.
Classes are open to all interested individuals.
Classes are open to all lab staff to attend as a refresher if needed.
Classes are open to all level students, and no previous experience is required.
Classes are open to all level students, and no previous experience or ability to draw is necessary.
Classes are open to all levels including beginners.
Classes are open to all levels of experience.
Classes are open to all levels, beginner through expert.
Classes are open to all levels.
Classes are open to all people, regardless of religious affilitation.
Classes are open to all professionals and advanced dancers.
Classes are open to all qualified Bay Area ' high school students.
Classes are open to all seniors and are free of charge.
Classes are open to all skill levels.
Classes are open to all students.
Classes are open to all who have a sincere desire to learn.
Classes are open to all youth regardless of race, color or creed.
Classes are open to all.
Classes are open to American citizens, permanent residents and refugees.
Classes are open to any interested participants.
Classes are open to any interested state agency or university employee.
Classes are open to any student enrolled at the univers ity.
Classes are open to any students of any martial art, rank or organization.
Classes are open to anyone in the community with a cancer diagnosis.
Classes are open to anyone interested in learning more about bowhunting.
Classes are open to anyone interested in the program with physician approval.
Classes are open to anyone regardless of previous education or experience.
Classes are open to anyone who wishes to participate.
Classes are open to anyone wishing to learn English, and are free.
Classes are open to anyone, and require registration and a tuition fee per class.
Classes are open to anyone, but there is a lengthy waiting list.
Classes are open to beginners and experienced yoga practitioners.
Classes are open to beginners, and are offered in quarterly class sessions.
Classes are open to beginners.
Classes are open to beginning and intermediate painters.
Classes are open to beginning students.
Classes are open to both men and women.
Classes are open to both pool professionals and the general public.
Classes are open to both students with and without disabilities.
Classes are open to both teens and adults.
Classes are open to both undergraduate and graduate students.
Classes are open to enlisted service members as well as to community.
Classes are open to everyone and are suitable for beginners.
Classes are open to everyone and no reservations are needed.
Classes are open to everyone of high school age or older, unless otherwise noted in the catalog.
Classes are open to everyone worldwide.
Classes are open to everyone, and funding has come largely from Seattle's music community.
Classes are open to everyone.
Classes are open to faculty, staff and students of the university.
Classes are open to faculty, staff, students and the general community.
Classes are open to family members and civilian personnel.
Classes are open to female faculty, staff and students.
Classes are open to high school students from throughout Orange County.
Classes are open to high school students who seek to accelerate or repeat a course.
Classes are open to indentured apprentices only.
Classes are open to individuals with hearing loss, spouses and significant others.
Classes are open to kids from pre-kindergarten through third grade.
Classes are open to Law Enforcement and licensed security and detection companies.
Classes are open to local, state or federal agencies on a first come, first serve basis.
Classes are open to members only.
Classes are open to men and women, and are small in size to allow for individual attention.
Classes are open to men unless otherwise noted.
Classes are open to men, women and children of all ages.
Classes are open to military I.D. card holders and their family members.
Classes are open to military, dependents, and civilians.
Classes are open to our community and the general public.
Classes are open to persons eight years of age and older.
Classes are open to professionals who want to polish their skills and amateurs who love to cook.
Classes are open to school groups during the week.
Classes are open to spouses and the community if space is available.
Classes are open to students and non-students alike, regardless of prior dance experience.
Classes are open to students eight years old and up with previous training.
Classes are open to students of all ages.
Classes are open to students of all faiths.
Classes are open to students who are in at least the second grade.
Classes are open to students who plan to take the test in the spring.
Classes are open to the community.
Classes are open to the general public with adult lessons also available.
Classes are open to the general public.
Classes are open to the public and are available for free or a small fee.
Classes are open to the public and are offered quarterly.
Classes are open to the public and parking is available next door.
Classes are open to the public at no charge.
Classes are open to the public for a small fee.
Classes are open to the public for observation.
Classes are open to the public, but space is limited.
Classes are open to the public, discounted to students.
Classes are open to the public.
Classes are open to women and men of all ages.
Classes are open to women and men, children and families.
Classes are open-ended with new students and former students attending classes at the same time.
Classes are open-ended.
Classes are open-entry and available at no cost to the student.
Classes are open-entry and individualized instruc tion.
Classes are open-entry and individualized instruction.
Classes are open-entry and offered at no charge to students.
Classes are optional and are provided to supplement and enrich our students' home schooling program.
Classes are optional and depend upon the major.
Classes are orderly, with maximum student-instructor interaction.
Classes are organic entities and easily disrupted.
Classes are organised according to age.
Classes are outcome based and require observable or measurable levels of performance competency.
Classes are outdoors and hands-on.
Classes are over and students are scattered about the campus preparing for final examinations.
Classes are over at six o'clock.
Classes are over for the semester.
Classes are over, and finals start soon.
Classes are over.
Classes are paper-based tutorials with advisors on hand to deal with questions or problems.
Classes are part lecture and part hands-on lab work.
Classes are part of phylums.
Classes are part of societies.
Classes are partial message de nitions that can be combined and transformed.
Classes are partial message definitions that can be combined and transformed.
Classes are participation based and focus is on the process rather than the product.
Classes are participatory, active, and rooted in real-life experience.
Classes are pass no pass.
Classes are people.
Classes are per individual and by appointment only.
Classes are performance-based.
Classes are periodically updated to keep up with changing technology.
Classes are popular and do fill up.
Classes are practical, but also emphasize the creative.
Classes are practical, enjoyable, and non-threatening, since they are generic and educational.
Classes are practical, enjoyable, and nonthreatening, since they are generic and educational.
Classes are prepared for adults unless otherwise indicated.
Classes are primarily day classes with some evening classes available.
Classes are primarily discussions.
Classes are primarily for grades pre school through elementary.
Classes are primarily graduate level, and the students capable and responsive.
Classes are primarily in general education areas and are offered in both day and evening.
Classes are primarily math, reading and writing.
Classes are primarily one on one with native speakers.
Classes are private and scheduling is flexible to student needs.
Classes are private.
Classes are probably the most common type of teaching today.
Classes are procedures that return objects.
Classes are processor, disk, memory, serial, parallel, tape, graphics, and network.
Classes are professional appointments to be kept in a professional manner.
Classes are progressive and teach the fundamentals of tumbling and beginning gymnastics.
Classes are progressive in nature so attendance at all sessions is important.
Classes are progressive throughout the week, each day building on the previous day.
Classes are project based with lots of hands on opportunities for students.
Classes are purely recreational and the emphasis is on fun.
Classes are purposely small and academically challenging.
Classes are purposely small to encourage interaction between the professor and each student.
Classes are quiet, orderly.
Classes are quite informal.
Classes are really simple in Java.
Classes are relatively small and are interactive in nature.
Classes are relatively small since most students transfer from junior colleges.
Classes are relatively small, and close faculty interaction is stressed.
Classes are relatively small, providing students with much personal attention.
Classes are relaxed and friendly, so just come along and give it a try.
Classes are relaxed and informal and often incorporate practical activities, visits and field trips.
Classes are relaxed and informal, but full of information.
Classes are relaxed, but directed toward acquiring skill rather than socialization.
Classes are safe, and can easily associate methods with particular data items.
Classes are schedule on a as needed basis.
Classes are schedule throughout a contracted office agency.
Classes are scheduled at times most students find convenient.
Classes are scheduledat varying times throughout the day and evening hours.
Classes are schedules year round offering various levels and customized topics.
Classes are self-contained and heterogeneously grouped.
Classes are self-contained.
Classes are self-paced and meet at several convenient times throughout the week.
Classes are self-paced with no minimum completion time.
Classes are self-paced.
Classes are self-supporting.
Classes are seminar-size and center on discussion of student work.
Classes are semi-private with flexible schedules.
Classes are seven days a week at various times.
Classes are seven weeks in length, and they meet one night a week, except for the weekend format.
Classes are short, only two hours, and focused on a closely related set of topics.
Classes are shorter and more defined courses.
Classes are simultaneously accessible at two, or possibly more, sites.
Classes are situational where students dramatize responses to social situations.
Classes are six hours each day for two days.
Classes are six hours in length and usually take place over a two day period.
Classes are six weeks in duration, but the actual study time is at the student's discretion.
Classes are six weeks in length.
Classes are six weeks long and are available for all ages and skill levels.
Classes are six weeks long and new sessions continue year-round.
Classes are skills based.
Classes are slide-based with superb photographs of all species and topics discussed.
Classes are slow and careful focusing on perfecting simple steps.
Classes are small - a maximum of nine students per class.
Classes are small - Tristan s class of seven is typical.
Classes are small .
Classes are small allowing the students to interact with the instructor and each other.
Classes are small and all faculty members teach.
Classes are small and are designed to enhance the existing knowledge and experience of each student.
Classes are small and are highly interactive ensuring a more personalized learning experience.
Classes are small and are scheduled according to student preference.
Classes are small and are taught by faculty members, never graduate students.
Classes are small and are taught by professional artists who are also master teachers.
Classes are small and are taught by professors who integrate theory with real-world experience.
Classes are small and are taught in a professional recording studio.
Classes are small and children receive lots of individual attention.
Classes are small and combined with private tutorials with Italian professors.
Classes are small and comprehensive.
Classes are small and confidential, with numerous opportunities for self-growth.
Classes are small and course syllabus and most materials are provided.
Classes are small and coursework is demanding.
Classes are small and discussion-oriented.
Classes are small and each takes advantage of the rich resources of Paris.
Classes are small and emphasize an atmosphere of trust and collaboration.
Classes are small and enrollment is limited.
Classes are small and enrollments are limited.
Classes are small and extensive tutoring and computer lab work is included.
Classes are small and facilities such as computer labs are first-rate.
Classes are small and faculty advisors work closely with students.
Classes are small and faculty members are available to students.
Classes are small and faculty members are readily accessible outside class hours.
Classes are small and families are actively involved.
Classes are small and families are great.
Classes are small and fill up fast.
Classes are small and focus on a particular theme that has historical or contemporary relevance.
Classes are small and focus on individual attention.
Classes are small and frequent to maximize individual training.
Classes are small and friendly.
Classes are small and geared toward individual attention as well as group projects.
Classes are small and held in a private setting to assure confidentiality and greater comfort.
Classes are small and held in the evening.
Classes are small and highly interactive.
Classes are small and highly student-centred.
Classes are small and individual attention is a priority.
Classes are small and individual attention is typical.
Classes are small and individual student attention from our faculty is plentiful.
Classes are small and individual student-faculty contact is maximized.
Classes are small and individualized to meet the most important needs of each student.
Classes are small and individualized.
Classes are small and informal and students progress at their own pace.
Classes are small and informal, allowing for strong personal development.
Classes are small and informal, and as much effort is put into affective concerns as academic ones.
Classes are small and informal.
Classes are small and instruction geared to beginning and intermediate levels of ability.
Classes are small and instruction individualized.
Classes are small and instruction is geared to the individual.
Classes are small and instruction is often individualized.
Classes are small and instructors are certified.
Classes are small and intense, with many organized as seminars.
Classes are small and intensive, and the faculty know each student and that student's interests.
Classes are small and intensive.
Classes are small and interactive, drawing on the extensive expertise of our students.
Classes are small and interactive, superbly taught by some of Vermont s best-known artists.
Classes are small and interactive.
Classes are small and intimate with the availability of in-class tutors and mentors.
Classes are small and intimate.
Classes are small and lecture based, but do require independent research as well.
Classes are small and meet evenings and weekends.
Classes are small and meet twice weekly for two hour sessions.
Classes are small and much attention is offered on an individual basis.
Classes are small and numbers are limited.
Classes are small and offered in the evenings.
Classes are small and often have a practicum requirement in order to focus on application of skills.
Classes are small and one to one tuition can be arranged as required.
Classes are small and our professors are dedicated to teaching and to helping students individually.
Classes are small and personal attention is great.
Classes are small and personal, particularly on the intermediate and advanced levels.
Classes are small and personal, with no more than eight students per instructor.
Classes are small and personal.
Classes are small and personalized allowing for more individual help.
Classes are small and personalized education plans and instruction are provided.
Classes are small and personalized.
Classes are small and private.
Classes are small and professors are always willing to meet and work individually with students.
Classes are small and professors are approachable.
Classes are small and professors are available to students.
Classes are small and professors are friendly and helpful.
Classes are small and promote particilation and interaction between students and with faculty.
Classes are small and promote participation and interaction between students and with faculty.
Classes are small and promote personal interchange between instructors and students.
Classes are small and provide for close student-faculty relationships.
Classes are small and remediaiton is provided.
Classes are small and schedules are flexible.
Classes are small and scheduling is flexible for adult learners.
Classes are small and school offers an abundance of after school activities for the girls.
Classes are small and space is limited.
Classes are small and space is very limited .
Classes are small and staffed by two teachers to ensure a high level of attention to each student.
Classes are small and structured to ensure personal attention and hands-on instruction.
Classes are small and student-centered.
Classes are small and students are able to work closely with faculty.
Classes are small and students are carefully placed by examination.
Classes are small and students are encouraged to interact with faculty outside the classroom.
Classes are small and students are exposed to a variety of media.
Classes are small and students are seen as individuals.
Classes are small and students are taught individually or in small groups by black belt instructors.
Classes are small and students can be sure of individual attention.
Classes are small and students enjoy flexible lab times to supplement classroom learning.
Classes are small and students enjoy flexible lab times.
Classes are small and students get individual attention from teachers.
Classes are small and students get lots of individual help from professors.
Classes are small and students get to know their professors.
Classes are small and students have a close working relationship with the faculty.
Classes are small and students have ample opportunity to interact with professors.
Classes are small and students have ample opportunity to receive individual attention.
Classes are small and students' programs are tailored to their interests.
Classes are small and students receive considerable personal attention.
Classes are small and students receive individual attention.
Classes are small and students receive individual instruction.
Classes are small and students receive individualized attention as well as hands-on training.
Classes are small and students receive individualized attention.
Classes are small and students receive the personal instruction that is so vital to success.
Classes are small and supportive.
Classes are small and taught around themes.
Classes are small and taught by an excellent and caring faculty.
Classes are small and taught by an exceptional faculty who are readily available to students.
Classes are small and taught by knowledgeable and experienced faculty.
Classes are small and taught by qualified and experience native English-speaking teachers.
Classes are small and taught in an interactive seminar format.
Classes are small and teachers are dedicated to helping children achieve to their full potential.
Classes are small and teachers have time to provide individual attention to the children.
Classes are small and tend to fill up quickly.
Classes are small and the atmosphere friendly.
Classes are small and the emphasis is on a hands-on approach.
Classes are small and the faculty take a personal interest in the students.
Classes are small and the faculty take pride in engaging students in the challenge of legal studies.
Classes are small and the main focus of staff is providing excellent teaching.
Classes are small and the meetings are generally three hours long.
Classes are small and the seminar method is typical.
Classes are small and the teaching is very professional.
Classes are small and there is a great deal of individual attention.
Classes are small and there is ample opportunity for student discussions.
Classes are small and there is excellent rapport between instructors and students in the program.
Classes are small and they fill up fast, so call soon.
Classes are small and tutors are available at no additional charge.
Classes are small and typically foster close relationships among faculty and students.
Classes are small and uniformly taught by professors rather than graduate students.
Classes are small and usually involve a combination of lecture and discussion.
Classes are small and volunteer instructors are all senior citizens themselves.
Classes are small at every level.
Classes are small by design, giving students the opportunity to work closely with faculty members.
Classes are small by most standards.
Classes are small discussion groups, and the school appeals to creative, independent spirits.
Classes are small enabling greater interaction and individualized attention.
Classes are small enough for staff to work closely with students in a friendly atmosphere.
Classes are small enough so that professors know students by name.
Classes are small enough that attention can be given to students on an individual basis.
Classes are small enough that individual attention can be paid to each student.
Classes are small enough that teachers can work with children individually and in small groups.
Classes are small enough that there is interaction between the students and the teacher.
Classes are small enough to accommodate all students' needs.
Classes are small enough to allow a close working relationship with the faculty.
Classes are small enough to allow for each student to receive individual attention.
Classes are small enough to allow for maximum interaction and individual attention from the teacher.
Classes are small enough to promote student interaction and discussion.
Classes are small enough to receive individual attention.
Classes are small even in introductory courses.
Classes are small for individual attention, and tend to fill up early.
Classes are small for individual attention.
Classes are small for maximum benefit to children.
Classes are small for maximum student-teacher interaction.
Classes are small for personalized attention and are highly rated by our customers.
Classes are small for personalized attention and to give students the opportunity to participate.
Classes are small for personalized attention.
Classes are small in order to allow group discussion and provide more individualized attention.
Classes are small in order to ensure safety and allow maximum learning to occur.
Classes are small in size and emphasize problem-solving and simulated field activities.
Classes are small in size and focus on the personal development of the individual.
Classes are small in size, allowing for plenty of interaction with the instructors.
Classes are small in size, with an emphasis on participation.
Classes are small no more than ten students per class.
Classes are small seminars with no more than twenty students rather than lectures.
Classes are small so students can receive individual help as well as group instruction.
Classes are small so students receive individual attention and assistance.
Classes are small so that each student receives individual attention.
Classes are small so that each student receives personal attention.
Classes are small so that students can interact with each other and their professors.
Classes are small so that the learning experience is personal and collaborative.
Classes are small so the teacher has more time to look after each student.
Classes are small so there is a close interaction of students with faculty.
Classes are small to afford plenty of personal attention.
Classes are small to allow for individual attention.
Classes are small to allow for more personalized attention.
Classes are small to allow individualized attention and a nurturing environment.
Classes are small to allow individualized attention.
Classes are small to allow maximum individual attention.
Classes are small to allow professors to give individual attention to each student.
Classes are small to allow staff to give students individual attention.
Classes are small to encourage close interaction of students and faculty.
Classes are small to encourage personal contact and discussion.
Classes are small to ensure individualized attention.
Classes are small to ensure maximum oral practice.
Classes are small to ensure maximum student participation and interaction with the instructor.
Classes are small to ensure the exchange of knowledge and philosophies.
Classes are small to facilitate discussion and shared inquiry.
Classes are small to facilitate the acquisition of language skills.
Classes are small to guarantee individual attention.
Classes are small to moderate in size, allowing for lots of discussion and special activities.
Classes are small to promote student-instructor interacti and interaction among students.
Classes are small to provide individualized attention to each student.
Classes are small to provide maximum opportunity for individual help.
Classes are small which allows for many wonderful learning opportunities.
Classes are small which allows for more contact with tutors.
Classes are small which means more interaction between professors and students.
Classes are small with a computer for each student.
Classes are small with a full social and recreational program.
Classes are small with a high staff to student ratio.
Classes are small with a maximum of eight pupils per class who come from a variety of countries.
Classes are small with a maximum of eight pupils per class.
Classes are small with a maximum of sixteen students.
Classes are small with an average student to faculty ratio of seventeen to one.
Classes are small with clearly stated goals and objectives.
Classes are small with close contact with the academic staff.
Classes are small with emphasis on the growth of the individual in a supportive atmosphere.
Classes are small with individual attention given to each student.
Classes are small with individualized attention, going the speed of the student.
Classes are small with lots of hands-on training and are in short, two hour segments.
Classes are small with lots of personal attention.
Classes are small with low pupil to teacher ratios.
Classes are small with much individual attention.
Classes are small with personalized attention.
Classes are small, affording individual attention to each student.
Classes are small, allowing close contact with both faculty and other executives.
Classes are small, allowing for ample interaction among students and faculty.
Classes are small, allowing for ample student-faculty interaction.
Classes are small, allowing for in dividualized instruction.
Classes are small, allowing for more interaction with students.
Classes are small, allowing for personalized attention.
Classes are small, allowing individualized instruction.
Classes are small, allowing students and professors to know one another.
Classes are small, allowing students to receive individual attention.
Classes are small, allowing teachers to work personally with each student.
Classes are small, allowing the instructor to give individual attention to each student.
Classes are small, and a wide range of nationalities is represented in our program each session.
Classes are small, and all are welcome.
Classes are small, and both faculty and administration staff are easily accessible.
Classes are small, and children are given a lot of individual encouragement and personal attention.
Classes are small, and close work between professors and students is the norm.
Classes are small, and discipline problems are rare.
Classes are small, and easy student-faculty contact encourages personal and intellectual growth.
Classes are small, and experiential learning is integral to the program.
Classes are small, and faculty work in close contact with individual students.
Classes are small, and individual instruction is available.
Classes are small, and instructors place a high emphasis on interactive learning.
Classes are small, and it is straightforward teaching.
Classes are small, and movements are modified for individuals as needed.
Classes are small, and our hands-on learning environment promotes lively, proactive learning.
Classes are small, and staff are personally committed to the program.
Classes are small, and student levels are determined by a brief exam taken upon their arrival.
Classes are small, and student-faculty interaction is encouraged.
Classes are small, and students and faculty work together in a stimulating environment.
Classes are small, and students are assured individual attention.
Classes are small, and students are assured of personal attention.
Classes are small, and students are encouraged to ask questions and to get to know their professors.
Classes are small, and students are in close contact with their instructors and advisors.
Classes are small, and students get a chance to know their teachers in a relaxed atmosphere.
Classes are small, and students get concentrated, individual attention from teachers.
Classes are small, and students have ample opportunities to get to know their professors.
Classes are small, and students have the opportunity for close supervision and individual attention.
Classes are small, and students participate actively in discussions.
Classes are small, and students receive individual attention from a highly competent faculty.
Classes are small, and teachers are able to give individual attention to each student.
Classes are small, and teaching methods include tutorial and individual help.
Classes are small, and the curriculum is enhanced by phonics, Spanish, computer, and music.
Classes are small, and the curriculum is traditional liberal-arts fare.
Classes are small, and the learning experience is personalized.
Classes are small, and the school is like a family setting.
Classes are small, and the timetable and school year fit in with the farming seasons.
Classes are small, and there's no place to hide.
Classes are small, and tuition is less than during the regular school year.
Classes are small, and tuition is quite reasonable.
Classes are small, and, for a private school, tuition is pretty reasonable.
Classes are small, as few as six students constitute a full class.
Classes are small, as is overall enrollment.
Classes are small, attention individual.
Classes are small, averaging twelve students per faculty member.
Classes are small, closed and confidential.
Classes are small, designed to promote cooperative learning among adult learners.
Classes are small, discussions are lively and students proceed at their own pace.
Classes are small, enabling students and faculty to work closely together in the learning process.
Classes are small, enabling students to work closely with faculty members and fellow students.
Classes are small, encouraging interaction with professors and other talented students.
Classes are small, encouraging maximum participation.
Classes are small, ensuring individual attention.
Classes are small, five to ten students, and are offered on different levels.
Classes are small, focusing in on personal attention to our students.
Classes are small, fostering faculty and student interaction.
Classes are small, fostering individualized instruction geared to each student's needs.
Classes are small, frequently taking the form of interactive dialogues among the participants.
Classes are small, giving students the opportunity to work very closely with professors.
Classes are small, highly interactive, and address actual workplace issues.
Classes are small, informal and friendly.
Classes are small, informal and relaxed, with plenty of individual instruction.
Classes are small, information-intensive and emphasize participation.
Classes are small, instruction is intense and the experience is exhilarating.
Classes are small, instructors are excellent, and there is plenty of individual attention.
Classes are small, insuring a high level of interaction between students and faculty.
Classes are small, interactive, and responsive to the specific needs of the students.
Classes are small, leaving plenty of opportunity for dialogue between students and professors.
Classes are small, led by scholars with national and international reputations.
Classes are small, letting students spend more time using facilities than at larger schools.
Classes are small, limited to less than forty per section.
Classes are small, lively, and interactive.
Classes are small, most with no more than eight students, and some with fewer.
Classes are small, offering attention to each player's needs.
Classes are small, participative and information-intensive.
Classes are small, permitting close and frequent studentprofessor interaction.
Classes are small, permitting plenty of opportunity for language practice.
Classes are small, personal, and largely discussion based.
Classes are small, providing ample opportunity for personal interaction with faculty and staff.
Classes are small, relaxed and informal with plenty of opportunity for lively discussion and debate.
Classes are small, so enrollment in each class is limited.
Classes are small, so progress is usually rapid.
Classes are small, so registration is required.
Classes are small, so students and teachers can communicate better.
Classes are small, so students can expect individual attention.
Classes are small, so students receive individual attention.
Classes are small, so students receive lots of individual attention .
Classes are small, so that each student gets plenty of personal attention and instruction.
Classes are small, so there is considerable opportunity for improvement.
Classes are small, so they fill up fast.
Classes are small, space is limited, pre-registration is required.
Classes are small, standards are high, and the atmosphere is warm and supportive.
Classes are small, taught by professors who are experts in their fields.
Classes are small, technology is available, and it's a caring environment.
Classes are small, too.
Classes are small, two hours long and are held over eight weeks.
Classes are small, typically six people or less, to maximize individual attention.
Classes are small, typically sixteen students.
Classes are small, usually eight to fifteen students.
Classes are small, which allow faculty to give students a lot of individual attention.
Classes are small, which maximize opportunities for individual attention.
Classes are small, which means there is significant interaction between faculty and students.
Classes are small, which provides ample opportunity for the children to receive individual attntion.
Classes are small, with a friendly, tutorial atmosphere.
Classes are small, with a maximum of ten participants.
Classes are small, with all students training together.
Classes are small, with an average of ten students.
Classes are small, with easy interaction between students and faculty.
Classes are small, with emphasis on student-teacher interaction.
Classes are small, with many taught in seminar format or small group discussions.
Classes are small, with more teacher time per student.
Classes are small, with no more than twenty students per classroom.
Classes are small, with only about five employees per class.
Classes are small, with space for ten students.
Classes are small, with strong emphasis placed on student-faculty interaction.
Classes are small, with students receiving a significant amount of individual attention.
Classes are small.
Classes are smaller and more intense.
Classes are smaller and more personalized.
Classes are smaller and professors are devoted entirely to teaching.
Classes are smaller for more individualized instruction.
Classes are smaller here.
Classes are smaller now, especially in the laboratory.
Classes are smaller which means more faculty are needed to teach the same number of students.
Classes are smaller, more personal.
Classes are smaller, too.
Classes are smaller.
Classes are smooth and less hectic.
Classes are so stylized that few stand free and are alive.
Classes are sold on a first come, first serve basis.
Classes are somewhat slower paced, allowing students a little more preparation time between classes.
Classes are special kinds of objects, and have all of the properties of regular objects.
Classes are specific instances of a course governed by term, mode of offer and campus.
Classes are statewide.
Classes are still a day away, but students are beginning to stir.
Classes are still relatively small, and the learning environment is much better.
Classes are strongly interactive and stress proficiency in written and oral expression.
Classes are student centered and focus on content that is relevant to students needs.
Classes are student oriented, with tutors who focus on listening, responding and interacting.
Classes are student-centered and focus on themes that are relevant to students' needs.
Classes are student-centered.
Classes are subject oto minimun enrollments.
Classes are subject to availability.
Classes are subject to cancellation due to lack of enrollment.
Classes are subject to cancellation due to lack of sufficient enrollment.
Classes are subject to cancellation due to low enrollment.
Classes are subject to cancellation due to non-enrollment, with full refund to registered students.
Classes are subject to cancellation due to under-enrollment.
Classes are subject to cancellation if enrollment is insufficient.
Classes are subject to cancellation if enrollment is too low.
Classes are subject to cancellation on short notice if less than three people sign up.
Classes are subject to cancellation or change depending on enrollment.
Classes are subject to cancellation or change.
Classes are subject to cancellation unless a minimum number is met.
Classes are subject to cancellation up to two weeks prior to the class.
Classes are subject to cancellation up to two weeks prior to the start date.
Classes are subject to cancellation, based on enrollment.
Classes are subject to cancellation.
Classes are subject to change according to availability of instructors and number of participants.
Classes are subject to change and slots fill quickly.
Classes are subject to change and take place if enrollment is adequate.
Classes are subject to change at any time.
Classes are subject to change by periodic additions and deletions.
Classes are subject to change due to weather or Special events.
Classes are subject to change if necessary.
Classes are subject to change if there is insufficient participation or sufficient rain.
Classes are subject to change or cancellation without advanced notice.
Classes are subject to change or cancellation.
Classes are subject to change without notice.
Classes are subject to change.
Classes are subject to consolidation or cancellation due to low enrollment.
Classes are subject to minimum enrollment requirements.
Classes are subject to revision based on participation levels.
Classes are subject to sufficient enrollment.
Classes are subject to the availability of the instructor.
Classes are suitable for both beginner and advanced students.
Classes are suitable for both men and women of any age.
Classes are suitable for everyone.
Classes are suitable for students from any major.
Classes are Sundays.
Classes are task-based and project oriented.
Classes are taught by fire fighters and a nominal fee is charged.
Classes are taught here, so computer availability varies.
Classes are taught in English, so there is no foreign language requirement.
Classes are taught in the morning or afternoon, depending on the placement.
Classes are taught only in English.
Classes are taugt five hours per day, five days a week.
Classes are team lead and include play, crafts, Bible stories, music and some memory verses.
Classes are team taught to allow for flexibility in the classroom with the younger children.
Classes are team-taught by the university faculty and an active science teacher.
Classes are templates for objects.
Classes are ten week sessions, and offered on a semester basis.
Classes are ten weeks long and are offered during the fall and spring semesters.
Classes are ten weeks long unless otherwise noted.
Classes are the abstract mechanism for producing objects.
Classes are the basis for abstract datatypes and object-oriented programming.
Classes are the best way to start.
Classes are the easiest and fastest way to learn about food styling.
Classes are the foundation of our education program.
Classes are the manner in which objects are created and modified.
Classes are the most beneficial when taken in sequence.
Classes are the most productive adult learning system.
Classes are the objects that implement any set of interfaces .
Classes are the same as for other art therapy students.
Classes are the same year to year.
Classes are theme oriented.
Classes are themselves objects.
Classes are then able to see, hear and interact with people and activities at the remote site.
Classes are three hours a week.
Classes are three hours long and are provided at no charge to state agencies.
Classes are three hours long, one night per week for six weeks.
Classes are three hours long, with two sessions offered each day.
Classes are three hours long.
Classes are three times a week - just show up.
Classes are three, six hour sessions.
Classes are to await the call from the office for each class to go to the designated phone site.
Classes are to be scheduled through the librarians for library assignments.
Classes are to be taken in a specific sequence.
Classes are to be used only as a general guide.
Classes are to begin early next year.
Classes are to group in their assigned areas.
Classes are to start and dismiss at the scheduled times.
Classes are too big in all but primary schools.
Classes are too big to provide adequate attention to students.
Classes are too large .
Classes are too large to forge an individual bond with the professors.
Classes are too large, and teachers and materials are too few.
Classes are too large.
Classes are traditional yet pleasant family-like learning environments.
Classes are tuition-free, and are taken via distance learning.
Classes are tuition-free.
Classes are twenty minutes in length with a twenty-five minute practice skate.
Classes are twice a month, every month.
Classes are twice a week.
Classes are twice weekly for each level.
Classes are two and three credits and most can be taken for either undergraduate or graduate credit.
Classes are two days in duration.
Classes are two hours in length with all materials provided for the course.
Classes are two hours in length, once a week for three weeks, plus a regatta day the fourth week.
Classes are two hours in length, twice a week.
Classes are two hours in length.
Classes are two hours long and are paid by the month.
Classes are two hours long for six week sessions.
Classes are two to six weeks long.
Classes are two to three hours.
Classes are two two-hour sessions.
Classes are two weekends long.
Classes are two weeks long and run Mondays through Thursdays.
Classes are two, six hour sessions.
Classes are types, that is, they are blueprints for actual variables.
Classes are typically discussion oriented.
Classes are typically once a week.
Classes are typically six weeks with two lessons posted to student's e-mail each week.
Classes are typically small and informal.
Classes are typically small and students highly motivated.
Classes are typically small in size.
Classes are typically small, allowing for maximum interaction between students and instructors.
Classes are typically small, which allow for an individualized approach to learning.
Classes are typically smaller and the pace is somewhat easier.
Classes are typically smaller, and many teachers have genuine team-teaching responsibilities.
Classes are typically two hours per week, for an eight-week course.
Classes are underway now.
Classes are underway with new sessions starting on a regular basis.
Classes are underway.
Classes are units of implementation.
Classes are unlimited in size.
Classes are user defined data types.
Classes are usually a good mix depending on the time of day and year.
Classes are usually between one hour and three hours duration.
Classes are usually four to eight students.
Classes are usually free or low cost and are usually offered in the day and evening.
Classes are usually full, so please arrive early to get a spot.
Classes are usually hands-on with everyone enjoying a relaxed and fun meal prep together.
Classes are usually in the late afternoons and evenings on weekdays and weekends.
Classes are usually large and sometimes impersonal.
Classes are usually one hour in length.
Classes are usually open to the general public as well as to students.
Classes are usually single-day presentations or a short series.
Classes are usually six week sessions held on weekday evenings throughout the calendar year.
Classes are usually small and become more vocationally-focused as students approach graduation age.
Classes are usually small and encourage discussion.
Classes are usually small and offered at varying times during the day.
Classes are usually small to allow maximum interaction between the students and the instructor.
Classes are usually small, but have a high failure rate.
Classes are usually small, so that all students are given the benefit of personal counseling.
Classes are usually small.
Classes are valid for two months after purchase.
Classes are valley wide.
Classes are very affordable, and financial aid is available for qualified students.
Classes are very full.
Classes are very important but experience is more important.
Classes are very important to learn the information in the major one is studying.
Classes are very individualized with class sizes ranging between three and six students.
Classes are very inexpensive.
Classes are very interactive with a great deal of student participation.
Classes are very mixed, with students coming from all parts of the world.
Classes are very popular and fill up quickly.
Classes are very small and communication between teachers and students is great.
Classes are very small and, as a result, students receive individualized attention.
Classes are very small, and individual assistance is given.
Classes are very small, with no more than seven students in each.
Classes are very small.
Classes are video and audio recorded for future reference by students and faculty.
Classes are way to further divide organisms of a phylum.
Classes are weekdays, evenings and weekends.
Classes are weekly.
Classes are welcome to drop in and out as their schedules permit.
Classes are welcome to post questions, concern and issues to the tunnel-aero mail list.
Classes are welcome to submit information for upcoming class reunions.
Classes are welcome.
Classes are well planned and provide age appropriate, hands-on activities.
Classes are with different teachers and are rotated on a weekly basis.
Classes are with Mexican and foreign students.
Classes are workshop in format.
Classes are workshop in style and rely on active class participation.
Classes are worth attending.
Classes are year round.
Classes are year-long unless otherwise noted.
Classes are, as usual, tough and unrelenting.
Classes are, for the most part, held in the same large lecture hall and are each two hours long.
Classes are, in some sense, purely a design-level representation.
Classes arrive every hr.
Classes attempt to maintain the crown or dethrone the champion.
Classes attend church on a rotating basis at least once each month.
Classes average fifteen students.
Classes average fourteen students each and encourage valuable student-teacher interaction.
Classes average ten students .
Classes average three students per level.
Classes Be sure and check out our scheduled MCSD classes .
Classes bear no religious affiliation.
Classes become full very quickly.
Classes become more useful and meaningful within the context of the internship experience.
Classes begin . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Classes begin .
Classes Begin .
Classes begin after placement in a cours pratique.
Classes begin again.
Classes begin and end each day with devotion and prayer.
Classes begin and end exactly as stated.
Classes begin and end with a ceremonial bow between the students and the teacher.
Classes begin and end with a formal bow.
Classes begin and end with a writing reflection exercise on the readings and the class discussions.
Classes begin and end with meditaion and ceremonial bows.
Classes begin and end with meditation and ceremonial bows.
Classes begin approximately every two weeks, all year long.
Classes begin as noted in the course description and are subject to the school calendar.
Classes begin as scheduled.
Classes begin at a variety of times including early morning, mid day, and evening.
Classes begin at all technical colleges in the fall, spring, and summer.
Classes begin at different times of the year and meet one night per week on a year-round basis.
Classes begin at noon.
Classes begin at the announced time.
Classes begin at the exact time specified in the schedule bulletin.
Classes begin at the exact times specified in the schedule of classes.
Classes begin at the first day of each new month.
Classes begin at the times indicated in the official schedule of classes.
Classes begin at various times.
Classes begin between the sixth and seventh month of pregnancy.
Classes begin each day with prayer and devotions.
Classes begin each Fall and continue for a nine month period.
Classes begin each Fall and Spring Semester.
Classes begin each fall.
Classes begin each hour until noon.
Classes begin each month.
Classes begin each week.
Classes begin eight times a year.
Classes begin every eight weeks.
Classes begin every five weeks.
Classes begin every four weeks.
Classes begin every month.
Classes begin every other month.
Classes begin every semester with two instructors assigned to every thirty students.
Classes begin every semester.
Classes begin every six weeks.
Classes begin every three weeks year-around.
Classes begin every three weeks.
Classes begin every two months and continue for eight weeks.
Classes begin every two weeks for easy scheduling.
Classes begin for all students.
Classes begin for day program.
Classes begin for first six-week session.
Classes begin for first summer term.
Classes begin for gr.
Classes begin for returning students.
Classes begin for second five-week term.
Classes begin for spring semester.
Classes begin for Spring Session.
Classes begin for the Spring Semester.
Classes begin for the summer session.
Classes begin frequently.
Classes begin immediately after an on-site orientation.
Classes begin immediately after registration.
Classes begin immediately.
Classes begin in Austin.
Classes begin in kindergarten and continue through eighth grade.
Classes begin in late afternoon and extend into the evening.
Classes begin in law and management.
Classes begin in nursing.
Classes begin in the fall and the spring.
Classes begin in the fall semester.
Classes begin in the morning, break for lunch and continue in the afternoon.
Classes begin in the spring, summer, and fall and there are also evening classes.
Classes begin in the summer immediately preceding the junior year.
Classes begin in the summer.
Classes Begin Last Day to ADD Course for Credit.
Classes begin monthly beginning at the first of the month.
Classes begin monthly in several locations.
Classes begin monthly.
Classes begin next week in most communities.
Classes begin next week.
Classes begin on new campus in winter quarter.
Classes begin on the dates listed below.
Classes begin on the first and fifteenth of every month.
Classes begin on the hour.
Classes begin on the third day of the semester.
Classes begin on time.
Classes begin periodically.
Classes begin promptly at the appointed time.
Classes begin promptly at the scheduled time.
Classes begin promptly at the scheduled times.
Classes begin promptly at the stated time.
Classes begin promptly at their designated times.
Classes begin promptly each morning.
Classes begin promptly on the hour.
Classes begin promptly when indicated.
Classes begin promptly.
Classes begin second semester, and include a retreat and opportunities to serve and minister.
Classes begin seven minutes after the hour and end on the hour.
Classes begin shortly after breakfast and carry on throughout the morning.
Classes begin six weeks prior to the celebration of the Sacrament the Saturday before Thanksgiving.
Classes begin soon, so please contact the college for details.
Classes begin soon.
Classes begin ten minutes past the hour and end ten minutes before the hour.
Classes begin that evening.
Classes begin the day following registration.
Classes begin the first week of every month.
Classes begin the following day.
Classes begin the following morning of the date listed.
Classes begin the following week.
Classes begin the morning after arrival.
Classes begin the next day.
Classes begin the next week.
Classes begin the same day.
Classes begin the second half of semester and run for eight weeks.
Classes begin throughout the quarter and are offered days, evenings, and weekends.
Classes begin throughout the semester.
Classes begin throughout the year and convenient parking is available.
Classes begin today for the second summer session .
Classes begin today.
Classes begin tomorrow.
Classes Begin Tues.
Classes begin weekly.
Classes begin with a lecture, and are then followed by a working session.
Classes begin with a series of postings to a training-site message board.
Classes begin with a short lesson in bidding and playing techniques.
Classes begin with a warm-up stretch.
Classes begin with a weekly weigh-in.
Classes begin with each term and end as other courses.
Classes begin with ground school and a careful inspection of the student's plane.
Classes begin with students exchanging news from their previous week's internship experience.
Classes begin with the Fall Semester of each year.
Classes begin with the normal fall semester.
Classes begin with the summer semester.
Classes begin with warm up and proceed to explore set material.
Classes begin with warm-ups, stretching, and basic techniques.
Classes Beginning Scrapbooking - Learn the basics of creating a great scrapbook.
Classes being explored are a prayer class, Bible studies, and a tribute study.
Classes belonging to the same package have certain privileges with regard to one another.
Classes blend intellectual discussion with practical application of theory.
Classes build creativity, self-esteem and pride.
Classes build on fundamental principles and offer new concepts and novel teaching methods.
Classes build on what already works and include materials chosen or developed by the school.
Classes build out from movement in immediate space and ends with travelling sequences and jumps.
Classes build self-esteem and confidence.
Classes can accomodate up to four clients per session and are approximately one hour in length.
Classes can accumulate from year to year towards the plaques.
Classes can agree on which project to pursue during the first meeting.
Classes can also be helpful in acquiring skills and receiving encouragement and feedback.
Classes can also be redundant if new attorneys learned about the issues they address in law school.
Classes can also be tough to make on time.
Classes can also have their own variables.
Classes can also have varying methods in which to manipulate the data.
Classes can also help endangered species programs at the zoo by adopting an endangered species.
Classes can also hold a read-in without an online connection.
Classes can also precede or follow actual visits.
Classes can also share a teacher using videoconferencing or video streaming applications.
Classes can ask questions both during and after the live presentation.
Classes can be abstract, as well as methods.
Classes can be empowering.
Classes can be enjoyable.
Classes can be extensions of other classes.
Classes can be group or private, single level or multiple levels.
Classes can be individual or in groups.
Classes can be more meaningful, more communicative, and richer.
Classes can be part of an IS-A hierarchy.
Classes can be profitable.
Classes can be tough and stressful.
Classes can become a tracking sight or just study the tracking of other sites throughout the spring.
Classes can become the highlight of one's day.
Classes can book by calling the museum.
Classes can both, supply income and increase participation.
Classes can change and become co-opted, but no one forgets who they are.
Classes can change.
Classes can compare their data with other schools throughout the country.
Classes can compile graphs and other statistical representations of data accumulated by students.
Classes can connect with students on the other side of the world as penpals.
Classes can contain static member subroutines, as well as static member variables.
Classes can converse with astronauts about their flights.
Classes can cover the collection in general or focus on more specialized resources.
Classes can create hyperlinked glossaries or handbooks on the subjects they are studying.
Classes can create math problems to exchange with other classes around the country or the world.
Classes can discuss each image as it appears, or discuss all of the images at the end.
Classes can do multiple projects if the class has multiple needs.
Classes can do similar activities on a smaller level.
Classes can either host their own field trip or vicariously join a field trip.
Classes can employ static member classes to define their data-associated structures.
Classes can even send their own bug specimen in for viewing.
Classes can go and spend two days on site and learn about the world as early settlers.
Classes can have a single special method called constructor .
Classes can have public, protected, and private methods.
Classes can include constructors that describe how to create such objects.
Classes can include lab time with exercises, a generally beneficial aspect.
Classes can inherit from more than one parent.
Classes can inherit properties from superclasses .
Classes can join anytime and submit work under any of the following Headings.
Classes can learn about snakes, make natural dyes, build with adobe, or explore solar science.
Classes can list facts about each state visited on chart paper.
Classes can make a simulated space exploration from one of the centers.
Classes can make several boxes as group projects.
Classes can meet once, four times or twice each week all year long.
Classes can range anywhere from three hours to three days.
Classes can range from a hundred dollars to thousands.
Classes can range from beginner to very advanced.
Classes can reserve stage time in advance.
Classes can start at anytime during the year.
Classes can start before all requirements are completed.
Classes can start decorating their hallways.
Classes can start in spring and fall.
Classes can submit stories they have written.
Classes can take part in the Antarctic Adventure, a virtual field trip to the bottom of the world.
Classes can take place either in the morning or afternoon.
Classes can take place in the classroom or outside, if desired.
Classes can talk to and learn from others who share their spells and skills.
Classes can test the birds to see which stay aloft the longest, and which fly the farthest.
Classes can then be rebroadcast on the reservation to reach the entire community.
Classes can then compare the prices from place to place.
Classes can use students from a previous marking period.
Classes can use the lab system in groups for a variety of dynamic and enriching activities.
Classes can vary from two to four hours in length.
Classes can vary in length and number of sessions.
Classes can view aerial photographs in stereo and discuss the images as a group.
Classes can visit the lab at specific times during the year.
Classes carry both graduation and university preparation credit.
Classes cater for all levels of experience.
Classes cater for different interests and aptitudes.
Classes cater for young and old.
Classes cater to seasonal issues.
Classes celebrate their Class Days by decorating the campus in their respective class colors.
Classes center around careful study of individual plays.
Classes center around discussion of case studies of actual business situations.
Classes center on career and life experiences in a Christian college environment.
Classes center on career, family, and life experiences in a Christian college environment.
Classes center on critical reading of the primary literature.
Classes center on group discussion.
Classes change each month so check the website regularly.
Classes change periodically depending on the interests of the adults attending.
Classes change to morning schedule.
Classes change with the mode of production.
Classes Check our web site again soon for a list of our fall classes.
Classes -Check out our current schedules in the classes link.
Classes classify objects, and types describe object representations.
Classes Click on the class listed above.
Classes Click on the day of the class to see the schedule .
Classes Click on the following links to find information about that class.
Classes Click to return to the top of the list.
Classes climax with finals.
Classes collect, share data and share data analysis on acid precipitation.
Classes combine didactic presentations and student-lead discussions of current publications.
Classes combine functions with the data they operate on.
Classes combine gentle exercise, modified dancing, walking, music, and fun.
Classes combine group instruction and individual coaching.
Classes combine leadership theory with practical experience leading groups.
Classes combine lecture and discussion formats with practical, hands-on activities.
Classes combine lecture and discussion.
Classes combine lecture with discussion and case analysis.
Classes combine lectures and discussion, readings and films.
Classes combine lectures and seminars that require student particpation.
Classes combine lectures on group theory with laboratory application and practical experience.
Classes combine lectures, cases, individual and team projects, and participant presentations.
Classes combine lectures, discussions, case studies, exercises, and role plays.
Classes combine lectures, readings, and discussions.
Classes combine many styles including dance, athletic and interval.
Classes combine speaking, listening, reading, writing and grammar.
Classes combine teaching, meditation, and discussion.
Classes combine theoretical and hands-on work.
Classes combine to practise choral singing and link individual scenes.
Classes come and go.
Classes come every week to hear stories and check out books.
Classes come first.
Classes come in to observe the program in action.
Classes come to a halt for a day of fun-filled activities.
Classes come to the library once a week on a regular schedule.
Classes come weekly for classes and to exchange books.
Classes commence in the first week.
Classes compete to collect money for a reward of a special lunch.
Classes compete to raise record amounts, and every gift counts toward percentage of participation.
Classes compete to win donated books for their classrooms.
Classes comprise lectures, tutorials, and practicals.
Classes comprise of energizing asanas, deep relaxation and pranayama practice.
Classes concentrate on a specific culture such as China, Africa, Australia etc.
Classes concentrate on the life histories of coyote, deer and beaver.
Classes concentrate primarily on acquainting the child with the water and learning basic skills.
Classes conclude with a discussion of future assignments and items of interest to students.
Classes concluding semen videos is.
Classes consist mainly of lectures by the teachers while the students take notes.
Classes consist of a combination of lectures, group exercises, and hands-on exercises.
Classes consist of a lecture, video, stretches, and an obstacle course of job specific moves.
Classes consist of a maximum of fifteen students and take place in an informal setting.
Classes consist of a mixture of lectures, exercises, and public exposure.
Classes consist of a one hour presentation, and one hour of hands-on practice.
Classes consist of a small group of students who meet for one hour each week.
Classes consist of a variety of activities using numerous teaching materials and learning resources.
Classes consist of a warm-up exercise, a planned activity and a cool down period.
Classes consist of academics and water performance in compliance with agency standards.
Classes consist of ballet and modern technique.
Classes consist of basic techniques, forms, self defense, and cardio work-outs.
Classes consist of case analyses, presentations, and experiential exercises.
Classes consist of classroom and hands on activities.
Classes consist of four to seven students per class, enabling hands-on learning to take place.
Classes consist of four two-hour sessions.
Classes consist of functions and data members and can be declared as either public or private.
Classes consist of informal lectures and discussion, and videos of several works read.
Classes consist of lecture as well as substantive dialogue on psychology of religion concepts.
Classes consist of lecture, demonstrations, critiques and applied practice.
Classes consist of lecture, discussion and activities when applicable.
Classes consist of lectures and case discussion.
Classes consist of lectures and discussion of research papers.
Classes consist of lectures by a faculty member.
Classes consist of lectures combined with class discussions of assigned readings.
Classes consist of lectures, demonstrations, and trial-skills exercises.
Classes consist of lectures, demonstrations, applied practice and critiques.
Classes consist of lectures, demonstrations, critiques and applied practice.
Classes consist of lectures, discussion, in-class workshops, and guest speakers.
Classes consist of lectures, discussions, and hands-on computer laboratories.
Classes consist of lectures, discussions, participation and in-office projects.
Classes consist of lectures, group seminars on readings and student projects.
Classes consist of lectures, guest speakers, group meetings, and group presentations.
Classes consist of lectures, laboratories, clinical presentations, and problem-solving conferences.
Classes consist of lectures, tutorials, seminars, and practical classes as appropriate.
Classes consist of lectures.
Classes consist of properties.
Classes consist of role-playing activities using examples drawn from real life situations.
Classes consist of seminars, advanced topics discussion courses, tutorials, and independent study.
Classes consist of short lectures or discussions, followed by students' presentations.
Classes consist of singing, moving, playing instruments, listening etc.
Classes consist of small ensemble rehearsals and guitar orchestra rehearsals.
Classes consist of students speaking many languages.
Classes consist of two lectures per week and one journal paper discussion session.
Classes consist of warm-ups, walking techniques and workouts, cooldowns and strength training.
Classes consist primarily of a discussion about the week's case.
Classes consisting of small groups are best.
Classes contain a maximum of two students per instructor.
Classes contain an international student mix.
Classes contain between fifteen and twenty students.
Classes contain biologists, teachers, gardeners, and professional artists.
Classes contain data.
Classes contain subroutines called static member subroutines.
Classes contain the prototype object variables and methods.
Classes continue anyway.
Classes continue in a makeshift classroom.
Classes continue through spring quarter.
Classes continue through the first summer.
Classes continue throughout the Spring Session.
Classes continue throughout the whole year.
Classes continue to be good, and rehearsals as well.
Classes continue to be good.
Classes continue to be offered in Ohio and at hosted locations as well.
Classes continue to expand and attendance incentives areincreasing total enrollment.
Classes continue to grow in size, which presents new challenges.
Classes continue to meet throughout the autumn quarter.
Classes continue to meet weekly.
Classes continue today.
Classes contribute rules to the theory of each instance.
Classes contribute to compilations of information, research, games, jokes, tales, and other things.
Classes convene in the evenings and most meet once per week.
Classes Cooperate with practice drills and training programs.
Classes correspond to key data structures or areas of functionality.
Classes cover a full range of harping techniques.
Classes cover a variety of art media and techniques.
Classes cover a variety of topics and are offered to parents of children of all ages.
Classes cover a variety of topics from bible study to church history to contemporary issues.
Classes cover a variety of topics related to nutrition, food safety, and meal management.
Classes cover a variety of topics.
Classes cover a wide range of subjects.
Classes cover a wide range of topics and levels.
Classes cover a wide range of topics and reflect a broad range of interests.
Classes cover a wide range of topics and reflect the broad interests of senior adults.
Classes cover a wide variety of topics.
Classes cover all levels and usually only contain two or three students per teacher.
Classes cover all levels of proficiency.
Classes cover any mechanical topic the student is interested in.
Classes cover art media and techniques.
Classes cover assembly and basic stroke techniques.
Classes cover basic computer training on popular software.
Classes cover basic cooking techniques, entrees, side dishes and naturally sweetened desserts.
Classes cover basic techniques of creating and editing content.
Classes cover basic traditional design through to modern designs and the latest styles from Europe.
Classes cover beginning genealogy, evidence and proof, and record organization.
Classes cover boating safety tips, marine knots, and more.
Classes cover critical thinking skills, math, vocabulary development and reading comprehension.
Classes cover Czech politics, culture and language and carry credit.
Classes cover design, history, theory, technology and cultural studies.
Classes cover diet basics and fun, easy recipes.
Classes cover discipline-specific library resources.
Classes cover everything from Ice Skating to computers.
Classes cover everything from nutrition during pregnancy up through the initial newborn period.
Classes cover everything from pitchin' and flippin' to fly fishing for bass and trout.
Classes cover fundamental strokes including forehand, backhand, serve, volley and overhead.
Classes cover in-depth the skills needed to formulate and implement a public relations campaign.
Classes cover information technologies and specialized topics in management science.
Classes cover international foods, breads and scones, vegetables and healthy snacks.
Classes cover many topics.
Classes cover on-line administrative systems, electronic mail, and database management.
Classes cover pain management, newborn care and much more.
Classes cover statistical concepts, analysis of data, and the interpretation of results.
Classes cover supervision, ethics, relapse prevention, risk assessment issues, and more.
Classes cover symbols, abbreviations, and scaling of working plans.
Classes cover technique and choreography in ballet, jazz, tap, hip-hop, and creative dance.
Classes cover the arts, literature, Spanish language and Latin American history.
Classes cover the fundamentals of fencing.
Classes cover topics in CL, mathematical foundations, computer science, and theoretical linguistics.
Classes cover topics such as basic Jewish doctrine, relationships, and spiritual development.
Classes cover treatment options, what to expect, post-surgical exercise and community resources.
Classes cover U.S. history and government.
Classes cover using a mouse, parts of a computer, and provide time to practice new skills.
Classes covered usually include introduction to chemistry, physics, and biology.
Classes create a constitution and hold elections and then engage in a congressional simulation.
Classes create a landscape design for an area using some of the plants, that they have propagated.
Classes create a mock vote of upcoming local and national elections.
Classes create displays and share their work through weekly assemblies.
Classes culminate in a final magic show for family and friends.
Classes culminate in a professional children's theater production.
Classes culminate with a showcase of talent.
Classes culminate with an afternoon of final performances.
Classes currently being taught by another faculty member have a link to the appropriate web site.
Classes deal with planning, designing, writing and budgeting publications.
Classes deal with the fundamentals of Judaism and Israel.
Classes define an objects behavior and state.
Classes define code implementation.
Classes define methods, attributes and features.
Classes define the external view of an object.
Classes define types with implementations.
Classes delve more deeply into the nature of language, language acquisition, and culture.
Classes demand a daily spirit of cooperation and inquiry.
Classes demand papers longer in length and that require hours of research.
Classes demonstrate how to live healthier through a nutritious, low-fat eating plan.
Classes depend on gathering data or input from geographically distant partners.
Classes derived from others inherit all the visible members of the base class.
Classes describe sets of objects which have shared properties.
Classes describe site locations of closed area.
Classes designed around weekly themes and a field trip is included.
Classes designed to strengthen the body, relax the mind, and center the emotions.
Classes develop English comprehension, speaking, reading and writing skills.
Classes differ in their abilities.
Classes differ in their approach depending on course content.
Classes discuss church history and major Christian beliefs.
Classes discuss physical and verbal defense methods.
Classes discuss various growing conditions that effect trees and various harvesting methods.
Classes do fill up quickly.
Classes do fill up, so be sure to register early.
Classes do fill up, so pre-registration is required for all of our classes.
Classes do have student enrollment limits to ensure quality instruction.
Classes do meet on weekends, but students have one day off each week.
Classes do our shows for their schools all the time.
Classes draw guest speakers from a variety of apparel, textile and home furnishings businesses.
Classes earn continuing professional education credit for CFAs and CPAs.
Classes earn three to five credit hours.
Classes eat in shifts because of school crowding.
Classes eat together, with the younger grades served earlier in the day.
Classes elect their own leaders, and all members of a class are eligible to run for office.
Classes elect their representatives in the fall semester.
Classes embody all the features of a particular set of objects.
Classes emphasize actual production work for the stage.
Classes emphasize applied engineering and are supplemented by extensive lab experience.
Classes emphasize basic stroke production, court movement and strategy.
Classes emphasize Bible lessons and skills, using creative activities to help reinforce the lessons.
Classes emphasize cadet preparation.
Classes emphasize character values, safety, fun and self-esteem.
Classes emphasize civilian self-defense situations.
Classes emphasize communication, analytical decision-making and group work.
Classes emphasize connecting steps and movement.
Classes emphasize cooperation and creativity.
Classes emphasize development of choral and vocal techniques, musicianship, poise, and performance.
Classes emphasize discipline, technique, self-defense, and respect.
Classes emphasize experimental design, laboratory techniques and data collection and analysis.
Classes emphasize genetics, public health, and patient empathy.
Classes emphasize interaction amongst all.
Classes emphasize learning by doing.
Classes emphasize learning strategies that are necessary to communicate in the real world.
Classes emphasize listening, speaking, reading, writing and computation skills.
Classes emphasize listening, speaking, reading, writing and computations skills.
Classes emphasize oral communication to achieve specific goals.
Classes emphasize personal growth, responsibility, and integrity.
Classes emphasize posture, alignment, directed breathing and body awareness.
Classes emphasize posture, placement, dance qualities and techniques.
Classes emphasize practical, real-world applications.
Classes emphasize proper technique and progressive exercise intensity.
Classes emphasize safety and good sportsmanship, both important parts of the history of fencing.
Classes emphasize self-defense situations.
Classes emphasize standing and seated asanas, gradually introducing inverted and backbend poses.
Classes emphasize technique and creativity with live accompaniment.
Classes emphasize technique and skill development with an introduction to recreational racing.
Classes emphasize the enjoyment of artistic discovery and process.
Classes emphasize the fun of dancing while learning fundamental dance steps.
Classes emphasize the use of theory and research to understand and analyze communication processes.
Classes emphasize theological and academic integrity as well as spiritual formation.
Classes emphasize therapeutic stretching and strength building exercises.
Classes employ active learning techniques, emphasizing discussion and independent endeavor.
Classes employ floor stretches and center barre as warm-up procedures.
Classes employ lectures and seminar style discussions based on common readings.
Classes encompass any educational class that is topical and short-term.
Classes encourage discussions and writing.
Classes end after all examinations.
Classes end after last class for Spring Semester Break.
Classes end after last class.
Classes end after last evening class.
Classes end at noon.
Classes end for the first semester.
Classes end in just two short weeks. . .
Classes end in Nursing.
Classes end labs.
Classes end next week.
Classes end shortly before prayer, which is required five times a day.
Classes end with a deep guided relaxation.
Classes end with a deep, guided relaxation.
Classes end with cooling down exercises and, sometimes, a short meditation.
Classes end with deep relaxation and meditation.
Classes end with guided relaxation.
Classes end with seminars and preceptorials at normally scheduled times.
Classes engage in regular drill in spelling, vocabulary, and to a limited degree, oral presentation.
Classes enhance vocal development, creativity, music and movement.
Classes enjoy four field trips each month.
Classes enter in reverse order after all clear sign is heard.
Classes enter once each year in the fall semester.
Classes enter only one time each year.
Classes establish grouping schemes for identifying HTML tags within a style sheet.
Classes even meet here.
Classes evolve individually as well as in concert with supertypes and subtypes.
Classes exchange information for comparison.
Classes exchange their newsletters via email and regular mail.
Classes exist for all ages.
Classes exist for wrapping primitive values inside of objects.
Classes experience our organic children's garden and visit our farm animals.
Classes explain how to effectively parent children and adolescents with mental illness.
Classes Explain the classification of inventories according to condition during processing.
Classes explore a variety of media.
Classes explore a wide variety of media, featuring a new artist-instuctor each week.
Classes explore both imaginative and formal aspects of art and encourage creative thinking skills.
Classes explore different topics and some have prerequisites.
Classes explore how god relates to the individual and how thought creates our personal reality.
Classes explore improv and stomp, along with basic tap techniques.
Classes explore topics that integrate science, history, geography, language arts, and fine arts.
Classes extend from tots to school-aged children from beginners to advanced gymnasts.
Classes extend through the summer and outside normal academic semesters.
Classes feature a reduced intensity level suited to older exercisers.
Classes feature actual case studies and emphasize implementation of what is learned.
Classes feature both private and group instruction.
Classes feature didactic and experiential activities tailored to classroom participants.
Classes feature many different styles of praise and worship dance.
Classes feature more opportunities for student involvement with fewer lectures.
Classes feature nature exploration, crafts, and games.
Classes feature one PC per student, plus complimentary food and beverages.
Classes feature small group instruction as well as individualized, self-paced instruction.
Classes feature the almighty concept of encapsulation.
Classes feature top-quality instructors and skills evaluators.
Classes feature total body conditioning and are two hours in duration.
Classes featured during the weekend are listed below.
Classes feel the same.
Classes fill early, so please register as early as possible.
Classes fill early, so register soon.
Classes fill early.
Classes fill fast . . .
Classes fill fast during registration.
Classes fill fast so sign up early.
Classes fill fast, and often, on a first come priority basis.
Classes fill fast, especially cloth doll classes.
Classes fill fast.
Classes fill out and submit a questionnaire with geographic information about their own location.
Classes fill quickly , early registration is encouraged.
Classes fill quickly and are limited in size.
Classes fill quickly and class size is limited.
Classes fill quickly and there is normally a long waiting list.
Classes fill quickly so preregistration is advised.
Classes fill quickly so register early for the best selection.
Classes fill quickly so register early.
Classes fill quickly so sign up early to guarantee a spot in the class.
Classes fill quickly so sign up early.
Classes fill quickly with people taking charge of their professional futures.
Classes fill quickly, early registration is suggested to guarantee placement.
Classes fill quickly, limited space.
Classes fill quickly, please make reservations early.
Classes fill quickly, please register as soon as possible.
Classes fill quickly, please register today.
Classes fill quickly, so please arrive early.
Classes fill quickly, so please register early to insure a seat.
Classes fill quickly, so please register early.
Classes fill quickly, so register as early as possible.
Classes fill quickly, so register early.
Classes fill quickly, so register today by mail.
Classes fill quickly.
Classes fill rapidly, and are filled on a first come basis.
Classes fill rapidly, so early registration is recommended.
Classes fill rapidly.
Classes fill up almost immediately.
Classes fill up early and are on a first come first serve basis.
Classes fill up early.
Classes fill up fast so register early.
Classes fill up fast, so call or visit our classes page.
Classes fill up fast.
Classes fill up quickly due to limited class size.
Classes fill up quickly so register early.
Classes fill up quickly, and students are encouraged to register early.
Classes fill up quickly, so be sure to register early .
Classes fill up quickly, so be sure to register early.
Classes fill up quickly, so call early to get a spot.
Classes fill up quickly, so call right away.
Classes fill up quickly, so early registration is important.
Classes fill up quickly, so please be prompt when returning forms.
Classes fill up quickly, so please register early.
Classes fill up quickly, so register as soon as possible.
Classes fill up quickly, so register soon.
Classes fill up quickly.
Classes fill very quickly as referrals come from the students and parents of all teacher's classes.
Classes fill very quickly on a first come, first served basis.
Classes fill very quickly.
Classes fill very rapidly.
Classes Find a class by school.
Classes fit in well.
Classes focus both on presentations and group discussions.
Classes focus on a policy application or small set of problems.
Classes focus on actions and side effects of selected drug classifications.
Classes focus on appropriate content and method for each grade.
Classes focus on canning safety, equipment and methods.
Classes focus on choreography and creative dance.
Classes focus on conceptual understanding through collaborative learning and experimentation.
Classes focus on creative activity planning, self-discipline methods, learning theories, and more.
Classes focus on dance principles to build strength, balance, posture, grace and discipline.
Classes focus on design issues that integrate plant materials in built environment contexts.
Classes focus on developing literacy skills needed to meet personal goals.
Classes focus on developing skills and incorporating recycled materials into the creative process.
Classes focus on either Bolivian or Cuzco dialects.
Classes focus on encouraging young people to be caring and questioning individuals.
Classes focus on English for everyday survival, for further training, and for employment.
Classes focus on family involvement rather than the individual child or adult.
Classes focus on fantasy and social justice, gender, visual culture, and youth violence.
Classes focus on hands-on studio experience, helping students strengthen their artistic abilities.
Classes focus on improving concentration, retention, organization, and communication skills.
Classes focus on integrating social work practice in various field agencies with classroom learning.
Classes focus on language and cultural skills needed for successful university study.
Classes focus on language development in grammar, writing, vocabulary, and oral communication.
Classes focus on language, conversation, and grammar.
Classes focus on listening, speaking, reading and writing.
Classes focus on mastering new skills on all gymnastics apparatus.
Classes focus on maximum hands-on experience as well as theory.
Classes focus on networking, web design, hardware, and software.
Classes focus on observational drawing skills and the design process.
Classes focus on oral and written communication skills.
Classes focus on photography, ceramics and theatre.
Classes focus on poise, manners, charm, etiquette and self-esteem.
Classes focus on practical concepts participants can apply immediately in the workplace.
Classes focus on problem solving and mathematical applications.
Classes focus on providing safe and fun swimming pool experiences.
Classes focus on reading, vocabulary, writing, listening, speaking, grammar, and study skills.
Classes focus on real-world applications and associated challenges of working with clients.
Classes focus on releasing tension and connecting with the breath.
Classes focus on relevant research strategies and sources.
Classes focus on rules, serving, technique, and strategy.
Classes focus on science, history, culture, exhibits, crafts, stories and movements.
Classes focus on skill areas essential to students who want to continue their education.
Classes focus on small and medium-sized international businesses that import and export.
Classes focus on strengthening clinical, food service, and management skills.
Classes focus on stretching, strengthening, and balance exercises.
Classes focus on student communication processes and are activity based to facilitate learning.
Classes focus on teaching budgeting concepts and consumer guidelines for using credit responsibly.
Classes focus on the development of music reading skills in a lively and enjoyable format.
Classes focus on the language skills of reading, writing, listening and speaking.
Classes focus on the reading, language andmathematical components of the test.
Classes focus on the skills and techniques of public interest environmental law and activism.
Classes follow the calendar of the college or university the student attends.
Classes follow the general schedule outlined below.
Classes follow the race and exchange musher standings.
Classes follow the semester schedule.
Classes Following are the classes of steroids based on the number of nuclear carbons.
Classes form monthly.
Classes form painting, paper tool, candle making, flowers and mush more.
Classes form the main abstraction.
Classes form when enough people at similar levels of experience express interest.
Classes forming all the time and visitors are welcome.
Classes forming, call for dates.
Classes formulate a plan, then search the database for a mentor.
Classes frquently feature guest lecturers who add specialized expertise in a variety of areas.
Classes gather at the base of the beginner hill just outside the rental shop.
Classes gather at their specified assembly point, roll is taken and all children are accounted for.
Classes generally are from one to four hours long.
Classes generally are small and stress seminar-type discussions.
Classes generally are small with several seminars being offered each semester.
Classes generally begin around the sixth month and run six to eight weeks.
Classes generally consist of one evening per week for ten weeks.
Classes generally cover one-quarter of the study program to supplement student learning.
Classes generally deal with subjects related to the various military specialties.
Classes generally fill up very quickly so sign up well in advance.
Classes generally follow a discussion rather than a lecture format.
Classes generally involve some physical contact.
Classes generally last one and a half to two hours.
Classes generally meet after work at locations which are easily accessible to the student.
Classes generally meet at night.
Classes generally meet five days per week.
Classes generally meet on a four-day schedule with travel interspersed.
Classes generally meet once per week.
Classes generally meet one day each week during convenient late afternoon and evening hours.
Classes generally meet one night a week, and most students plan a part-time schedule.
Classes generally meet one night or weekend morning per week.
Classes generally meet ten times for two hours session, although sometimes classes run longer.
Classes generally meet ten times, two hours per session.
Classes generally meet three times weekly.
Classes generally meet twice a week during the day or in the evening.
Classes generally meet twice a week in the summer sessions.
Classes generally meet two nights a week in the evening.
Classes generally run for six weeks, although some are for one night only.
Classes generally run two to two and a half hours in length and are very informal.
Classes generally start in the second week of term.
Classes generally take place in the morning with sightseeing excursions in the afternoon.
Classes get more crowded every year.
Classes give apprentices an understanding of the theoretical aspects of their work.
Classes give parent and child an opportunity to spend some special time together.
Classes go from beginner to intermediate and advanced.
Classes go from beginners level to advanced training for performance and competition.
Classes go from early morning to late afternoon.
Classes go on as usual, including evening classes.
Classes go out for meandering 'nature' walks on a regular basis in every season.
Classes go outside occasionally.
Classes go over starting, steering, and tacking.
Classes go rain or shine.
Classes go there to collaborate on projects and experiments.
Classes go to the library once every six days to borrow books and research information for projects.
Classes guarantee significant improvement or money-back.
Classes happen at different times, at convenient locations.
Classes happen in French and English, with simultaneous translation.
Classes have a limited amount of space.
Classes have a limited enrollment.
Classes have a max.
Classes have a maximum of eight students to encourage a relaxed learning environment.
Classes have a maximum of seven hearing-impaired children.
Classes have a maximum ratio of one instructor for every three students .
Classes have a minimum enrollment of eight and a maximum enrollment of sixteen.
Classes have a minimum number of participants required to hold the class.
Classes have a minimum of six participants.
Classes have a regular scheduled time each week to come down and work in the lab.
Classes have a strong studio focus.
Classes have an additional aim of introducing students to aspects of Chinese culture.
Classes have an average of eight to fifteen students.
Classes have an enrollment requirement of fifteen students.
Classes have between one and four people who serve as a class representative.
Classes have definite starting and ending dates.
Classes have different deadlines depending on the date the class started and length of the class.
Classes have enrollment limits.
Classes have exactly one minute to get through the hallways and into the lunch line.
Classes have extensive field trips to tour Arkansas and regional horticulture sights.
Classes have first priority in the use of the room.
Classes have first priority.
Classes have flexible hours to accommodate students with multiple time demands.
Classes have highest priority, followed by colloquia, talks, and lastly private use.
Classes have limited enrollment so please register early.
Classes have limited space.
Classes have methods and inheritance the same as objects.
Classes have minimum and maximum enrollments.
Classes have minimum and maximum registration requirements.
Classes have mixed lectures and paper presentations.
Classes have no starting or ending dates.
Classes have no tests and no grades are given.
Classes have priority if there is any question as to computer usage.
Classes have priority in all areas of the facility.
Classes have priority in the lab.
Classes have priority over individual students.
Classes have public, private and protected resources.
Classes have services invoked by message passing.
Classes have several types of relational mechanisms.
Classes have size limitations and are offered on a first come basis only.
Classes have specific start and end dates, specific test dates, and assignment due dates.
Classes have students of mixed experience working side by side.
Classes have the additional aim of introducing students to aspects of Chinese culture.
Classes have the power to generate instance objects, which represent members of a set.
Classes have to fight it out, often literally, in order to usher in their mode of production.
Classes have top priority in the media center.
Classes have two or three one-hour lectures a week.
Classes held at off-site locations follow the procedures for the main campus.
Classes held at the site include historic preservation, museology and archaeological digs.
Classes held during the fall and spring terms typically meet one evening per week for twelve weeks.
Classes held during the winter and summer terms typically meet two evenings per week for six weeks.
Classes held here include painting, drawing, ceramics, photography and television courses.
Classes held in late afternoons and evenings, are especially convenient for working adults.
Classes help expectant parents prepare for labor, delivery and care of the newborn.
Classes help parent and child experience and create music together.
Classes help to develop leadership, problem-solving and communication skills.
Classes help to fulfill general education requirements.
Classes help to improve understandingin reading, writing andspeaking of English.
Classes help women feel more comfortable with changes in their appearance due to treatment.
Classes here are creative.
Classes here are expensive, but they also look good on a resume.
Classes here are few and far between.
Classes here are fun.
Classes here are much smaller, and students spend more time on their own than in Uganda.
Classes here are smaller.
Classes here are still quite demanding.
Classes here are very different from ones in Japan.
Classes here cover math, reading, computers and life skills.
Classes highlighted in Blue are NEW courses to the class schedule.
Classes highlighted in yellow are Spanish Only.
Classes hold objects or fields that represent the data.
Classes hold up to ten administrators in a session.
Classes identify a specific breed or craft material.
Classes immediately follow opening assembly.
Classes improve students' academic reading, writing, listening and discussion skills.
Classes incorporate basic training on computer use - knowledge required for many jobs.
Classes incorporate cardiovascular activities with strength training.
Classes incorporate flow , precision, and the breath for a gentle yet challenging practice.
Classes incorporate hands-on activities and exploration of the muesum's exhibits and grounds.
Classes incorporate muscle toning and strengthening moves.
Classes incorporate professional mentoring and certification coaching.
Classes incorporate research based techniques to teach and strengthen student learning.
Classes incorporate role-playing exercises, group interaction and dynamic instruction.
Classes increase strength and flexibility throughout the body.
Classes inherit all the public and protected data and functions from their base classes.
Classes inherit behavior from other, more general classes, forming a hierarchy.
Classes inherit state and behavior from their superclass .
Classes inherit state and behaviour from their superclass .
Classes inherit super-class methods with no overhead.
Classes inherit variables and methods from a higher level class called a super-class.
Classes inherits one from other and share their methods.
Classes inlcude knitting and needlepoint.
Classes integrate at least one major field trip into the curriculum each year.
Classes integrate music, props, language and visual arts with creative movement structures.
Classes integrate pathophysiology and pharmacology with nursing care.
Classes integrate theoretical material with practical examples examined in class discussions.
Classes integrate theory and practical applications.
Classes intend to use their page to gather data for current studies from around the world.
Classes interact throughout the year by participating in educational and recreational activities.
Classes intersperse experiential activities with discussion of cases and theory.
Classes introduce different kinds of media and cultural influences on art.
Classes introduce students to keyboarding and word processing.
Classes introduce young children to an aquatic environment.
Classes invite discussion and interaction between faculty and students.
Classes involve a combination of lectures and discussion among participants and instructors.
Classes involve a mix of seminars, workshops and case studies.
Classes involve active participation of the students in learning and practicing new skills.
Classes involve both formal instruction and hands-on training.
Classes involve both individual and group work in a relaxed environment.
Classes involve breathing, stretching, loosening joints and deep relaxation.
Classes involve critiques of student work.
Classes involve elders and occasional field trips.
Classes involve instruction, practice and tennis games.
Classes involve lecture, discussion, and films.
Classes involve lecture, discussion, readings in film criticism, and the viewing of selected films.
Classes involve less than one mile of level trail hiking per morning.
Classes involve more focused attention on proper technique and weekly practice.
Classes involve observation and discovery of the natural world.
Classes involve paired and group work in addition to individual work.
Classes involve small plays, stories, conversation and vocabulary.
Classes involve smaller groups of students and are compulsory.
Classes involve stretching, working on posture, breathing and a meditation period.
Classes involve students in an interactive and thought-provoking learning environment.
Classes involve teaching, discussion, break-out groups, video segments and more.
Classes involve the children in Bible study, crafts, and recreation.
Classes involve the practice of synchronised sequential postures together with respiratory control.
Classes involve, principally, group discussion, and lecture.
Classes involves both independent and group work.
Classes is available to the outside world again.
Classes is defined as the days for formal academic instruction including examinations.
Classes is the number of classes in the dataset.
Classes just keep getting bigger, it seems.
Classes know how to create their instances - objects.
Classes last an entire year.
Classes last an hour and a half and are free to valid library cardholders.
Classes last an hour.
Classes last approximately an hour and a half.
Classes last approximately half an hour.
Classes last approximately two hours.
Classes last five to eight weeks.
Classes last one hour and ten minutes long, with ten minute rest breaks between classes.
Classes last one hour unless otherwise noted in the class description.
Classes last six weeks and are available to any interested parent.
Classes last two hours, about twice the time of most public school classes.
Classes last two years with the students at school for one week and practice at home for two weeks.
Classes launch at any time of year so long as the class is full.
Classes lead to a job, and a career of sorts, and eventually to the internet.
Classes Learn from the pros.
Classes Learn more about our professionally instructed pet training and care classes.
Classes Learn more about the Internet and computers.
Classes link curriculum goals to the language needs of the students.
Classes listed below are subject to change.
Classes listed in the search engine are subject to change without notice.
Classes listed in yellow are still in early development.
Classes listed there can arrive two different ways.
Classes listed with a phone number please call that number to register for the class.
Classes load and execute much faster.
Classes loaded from the network are an array of bytes.
Classes loaded with women can also aid retention rates.
Classes log miles on a chart until they reach their destination.
Classes look beyond limitations and abilities to creatively explore physicality and body image.
Classes look for inviting places to read, including the library, the gym, and the hallways.
Classes Look here for the current class schedule, or for the spring semester schedule.
Classes make it difficult.
Classes make regular trips to museums, architectural sites, and other points of interest in Rome.
Classes make regular use of audio and computer labs to enhance their language skills.
Classes mean homework and homework means studying.
Classes meet a minimum of four hours a day, five days a week.
Classes meet a minimum of four hours per day, five days per week, for five months.
Classes meet all morning for intensive small group instruction.
Classes meet and offices are closed.
Classes meet approximately eighty minutes daily.
Classes meet approximately every two weeks.
Classes meet approximately four hours per week.
Classes meet as normal during the examination week.
Classes meet as scheduled, and begin and adjourn on time.
Classes meet as scheduled.
Classes meet asynchronously .
Classes meet at a different time on each day, occasionally for double or even triple periods.
Classes meet at a local golfing facility.
Classes meet at all hours on all days, with most convening for one afternoon or evening a week.
Classes meet at different times in the mornings, afternoons and evenings.
Classes meet at local high schools and business and industry sites.
Classes meet at Providence.
Classes meet at regularly scheduled times in a computer laboratory.
Classes meet at schools, at city hall, at the library, or in the parks.
Classes meet at the golf shed.
Classes meet at the museums at appointed times.
Classes meet at times and locations convenient for employees.
Classes meet at times that accommodate students' workday schedules.
Classes meet between two to four times per week.
Classes meet both on and off campus.
Classes meet daily and daily attendance is required.
Classes meet daily and follow the regular school calendar.
Classes meet daily and provide settings for discussion and learning.
Classes meet daily for a full credit.
Classes meet daily for one nine week's period.
Classes meet daily for one third of the year.
Classes meet daily for two weeks.
Classes meet daily while the ship is at sea.
Classes meet daily, and attendance is required.
Classes meet daily, beginning through advanced and teacher certification.
Classes meet daily, therefore require more effort.
Classes meet days, evenings, and weekends at the South Campus.
Classes meet during school terms.
Classes meet during the day.
Classes meet during the morning, afternoon and evening.
Classes meet during the morning, afternoon, and evening.
Classes meet during the school year.
Classes meet during the sermon and prayer time.
Classes meet during the spring and fall semester but the student can enter the class at anytime.
Classes meet each day for one hour.
Classes meet each teaching day of the program.
Classes meet each week during the first six weeks of the program.
Classes meet eight times per semester in weekend college sessions.
Classes meet either once or twice a week and vary in length and fee.
Classes meet either once or twice weekly.
Classes meet either one evening a week or alternate weekends.
Classes meet either twice a week for five weeks or once a week for nine weeks.
Classes meet either two or three days a week.
Classes meet either two or three mornings a week.
Classes meet either two or three times per week.
Classes meet evenings and weekends at convenient times and locations - and online.
Classes meet evenings and weekends.
Classes meet evenings for six session - registration required.
Classes meet evenings or weekends to accommodate working adults.
Classes meet every day of the school year.
Classes meet every day of the summer session and there are no common lectures.
Classes meet every other day.
Classes meet every other week at convenient times.
Classes meet every other week to discuss students' field experiences and selected readings.
Classes meet every Tues.
Classes meet every wednesday starting right after signup.
Classes meet everyday, five days a week.
Classes meet fifteen hours per week plus laboratory time.
Classes meet five days a week .
Classes meet five days a week for a total of six hours of instruction.
Classes meet five days a week for four hours each day in the morning.
Classes meet five days a week for four hours each morning.
Classes meet five days a week for four or five hours, depending on the level of study.
Classes meet five days a week for six hours a day.
Classes meet five days a week for three to five weeks, with one credit given for each week of class.
Classes meet five days a week four hours a day.
Classes meet five days a week, for a total of six hours of instruction.
Classes meet five days a week.
Classes meet five days per week, four hours per day.
Classes meet five days per week.
Classes meet five hours a day.
Classes meet five hours weekly.
Classes meet five times a semester or approximately once a month.
Classes meet five times a week and combine language theory and practice.
Classes meet five times a week and participate in a unit on light and color.
Classes meet five times a week, for a total of six hours of instruction.
Classes meet five times a week.
Classes meet five times per year.
Classes meet for a total of one hour weekly, and a two hour leadership lab is conducted bi-weekly.
Classes meet for about six hours each day.
Classes meet for approximately four hours per day.
Classes meet for approximately twenty hours per week.
Classes meet for approximately two hours daily for four weeks.
Classes meet for eight to ten weeks or monthly throughout a year.
Classes meet for eight weeks.
Classes meet for eleven weeks in the fall, winter and spring terms.
Classes meet for first time in education building.
Classes meet for five consecutive semesters with two three-week breaks between semesters.
Classes meet for five hours a day.
Classes meet for five hours per day during the fall and spring semesters.
Classes meet for five weeks, four days a week.
Classes meet for four consecutive Thursdays.
Classes meet for four consecutive weeks and are two hours long.
Classes meet for four hours a day.
Classes meet for four hours one night a week for nine weeks.
Classes meet for four hours per day, five days per week.
Classes meet for four hours, one night each week, for seven weeks.
Classes meet for four weeks.
Classes meet for ladies, men, couples and by grades for youth and children.
Classes meet for lecture three times weekly and for lab twice weekly.
Classes meet for ninety minutes.
Classes meet for one evening, unless specified.
Classes meet for one full day of instruction per week.
Classes meet for one hour and fifty minutes twice a week.
Classes meet for one hour of classroom instruction and two hours of leadership lab per week.
Classes meet for one month in the summer.
Classes meet for one period daily.
Classes meet for seven consecutive school days and depart from most high schools.
Classes meet for six hours each week.
Classes meet for six week sessions twice a year, once in the fall and again in the Spring.
Classes meet for six weekly sessions in fall, winter and spring.
Classes meet for six weeks each session.
Classes meet for ten weeks followed by an exam week.
Classes meet for ten weeks.
Classes meet for the duration of the specified time.
Classes meet for the first half of the semester.
Classes meet for the full period, beginning the first day of each semester.
Classes meet for three hours of classroom instruction and two hours of leadership lab per week.
Classes meet for three hours once a week.
Classes meet for three hours, twice a week.
Classes meet for two and a half hours each day, five days per week.
Classes meet for two and a half hours per class and are normally held in the early evenings.
Classes meet for two hours each day.
Classes meet for two hours each morning before lunch at the language tables.
Classes meet for two hours, two nights a week.
Classes meet four consecutive weeks from the start date, excluding holidays.
Classes meet four days a week in London, Munich, or Prague.
Classes meet four days a week in morning and afternoon sessions.
Classes meet four days a week to provide an extended opportunity for traveling.
Classes meet four days a week, with internship experiences outside of class.
Classes meet four days a week.
Classes meet four days each week.
Classes meet four days per week.
Classes meet four half-days per week.
Classes meet four hours a day five days a week.
Classes meet four hours a day three times a week for five weeks.
Classes meet four hours a day, five days a week.
Classes meet four hours a day, five days per week.
Classes meet four hours daily, five days per week.
Classes meet four hours one evening per week in nine week terms.
Classes meet four hours per day and are limited to a maximum of five students each.
Classes meet four hours per day and five days a week.
Classes meet four hours per day, five days per week.
Classes meet four hours per night, once a week, usually for five weeks.
Classes meet four hours per week and have at least one hour of directed study.
Classes meet four hours per week.
Classes meet four hours weekly.
Classes meet four times a week and are small, allowing for individual attention.
Classes meet four times a week in addition to two half-hour conversation labs.
Classes meet four times a week, plus two required homework periods in the language laboratory.
Classes meet four times a week.
Classes meet four times per week, plus two required homework periods in the language laboratory.
Classes meet four times per week.
Classes meet four to five hours per day, five days per week for eight-week sessions.
Classes meet four weekends in an eight-week block.
Classes meet four-hours per day throughout the school year.
Classes meet here as a collective to have a joint lecture or presentation.
Classes meet here for story times.
Classes meet here occasionally.
Classes meet in a picturesque college environment with modern, fully-accessible facilities.
Classes meet in church buildings or donated facilities.
Classes meet in downtown Northampton on the bus line.
Classes meet in either the gymnasium or on the athletic field.
Classes meet in five weekly sessions.
Classes meet in formal session once each week for four hours.
Classes meet in modular units.
Classes meet in museum galleries and study rooms, using works of art as visual resource materials.
Classes meet in one week blocks of time so students are able to take as many as they wish.
Classes meet in one-hour blocks.
Classes meet in regional centers throughout Southern California.
Classes meet in small, medium and lecture size groups.
Classes meet in the afternoon and early evening to accommodate student work schedules.
Classes meet in the early evenings at times convenient to work and family responsibilities.
Classes meet in the evening and on weekends to accommodate students' full-time careers.
Classes meet in the evenings and clinical hours are available during the day.
Classes meet in the evenings and during weekends.
Classes meet in the evenings and on weekends during the fall, spring, and summer terms.
Classes meet in the evenings twice a week for one hour and are taught by native speakers.
Classes meet in the evenings, on weekends or over the web.
Classes meet in the evenings.
Classes meet in the homes of group members or at the church.
Classes meet in the late afternoon and evening.
Classes meet in the late afternoon or evening.
Classes meet in the late afternoons and evenings in a variety of term formats.
Classes meet in the library.
Classes meet in the morning and early afternoon with the rest of each day free.
Classes meet in the morning with rehearsals and labs in the afternoon.
Classes meet in the morning, afternoon, and evening.
Classes meet in the mornings.
Classes meet in the planetarium.
Classes meet in the same room in which classes meet regularly.
Classes meet in the Sports Studio.
Classes meet in trailers, and schools lack the hardware to use and teach the latest technologies.
Classes meet in various places including the homes.
Classes meet in various school buildings throughout the county.
Classes meet in weekly two-hour sessions.
Classes meet just before or after shift changes, in a cramped classroom in the plant for now.
Classes meet late afternoon, evenings and weekends.
Classes meet less frequently, but there's the same amount of homework per week.
Classes meet light rain or shine.
Classes meet more often, sometimes for longer periods of time, but over fewer weeks.
Classes meet mornings or afternoons, generally for no longer than two hours.
Classes meet mornings, afternoons, and evenings.
Classes meet mostly in the field.
Classes meet nine times a semester and include an independent study component.
Classes meet normally four times weekly but they can be scheduled during any weekdays.
Classes meet on a block schedule, and students can take up to three courses each session.
Classes meet on a regular schedule during the Fall, Spring, and Summer terms.
Classes meet on a rotating eight-block schedule.
Classes meet on a semester calendar and in summer sessions of varying lengths.
Classes meet on a traditional six-period day schedule.
Classes meet on a variety of time schedules in order to accommodate today's busy families.
Classes meet on a year round basis, indoors during the fall and winter months.
Classes meet on alternate weekends so that students can take one or two courses during the semester.
Classes meet on alternate weeks for fourteen weeks.
Classes meet on campus and at local adult-care facilities.
Classes meet on evenings, weekends and at other convenient times to meet our students' needs.
Classes meet on post in the evening twice a week for eight weeks.
Classes meet on the first floor.
Classes meet on the Indianapolis south side.
Classes meet on the lower level.
Classes meet on the third weekend of each month, except for the summer months, for two years.
Classes meet on weekday evenings.
Classes meet on weekdays and depart from most high schools.
Classes meet on weekends and for one week summer sessions.
Classes meet on weekends and via distance education delivery.
Classes meet on weekends during the academic school year and on weekdays in the summer.
Classes meet on weekends.
Classes meet once a month, one on one, with trained instructors.
Classes meet once a week according to the following schedule.
Classes meet once a week and are informal.
Classes meet once a week and are led by a registered dietitian and exercise specialists.
Classes meet once a week and are one hour long.
Classes meet once a week and both English and Spanish are used in the instructional process.
Classes meet once a week and run for a ten-week session.
Classes meet once a week during daytime hours at churches and various community spaces.
Classes meet once a week each semester at a safe location within the community.
Classes meet once a week for a half hour.
Classes meet once a week for discussion.
Classes meet once a week for each course.
Classes meet once a week for eight weeks.
Classes meet once a week for four weeks.
Classes meet once a week for nine weeks.
Classes meet once a week for one hour and students begin playing with others right away.
Classes meet once a week for six to eight weeks.
Classes meet once a week for six weeks unless otherwise indicated.
Classes meet once a week for six weeks.
Classes meet once a week for three hours.
Classes meet once a week for two hours.
Classes meet once a week for two to three hours and are available weekdays, weekends and evenings.
Classes meet once a week for two weeks.
Classes meet once a week for typically eight weeks.
Classes meet once a week in late afternoon and evening time periods.
Classes meet once a week in late afternoons and evenings.
Classes meet once a week in small groups.
Classes meet once a week in the evening.
Classes meet once a week in the evenings generally for five weeks.
Classes meet once a week in the fall and spring semesters.
Classes meet once a week in the late afternoon and evening.
Classes meet once a week on consecutive Wednesdays for two hours.
Classes meet once a week over a four week period and are given in three hour sessions.
Classes meet once a week per course.
Classes meet once a week.
Classes meet once each week.
Classes meet once every two weeks for six months for four hours each.
Classes meet once or twice a week.
Classes meet once or twice per week, and most programs take nine months to complete.
Classes meet once per week and some sections are available in evening time periods.
Classes meet once per week for seven weeks per session.
Classes meet once per week on specific days and times.
Classes meet once per week.
Classes meet one afternoon and evening per week and on various weekends.
Classes meet one and one-half hours each week for six weeks.
Classes meet one and on-half hours each week for six weeks.
Classes meet one day a week, enabling students to continue working.
Classes meet one day of the week.
Classes meet one day or two evenings a week.
Classes meet one day or two evenings.
Classes meet one day per week for four hours or two days per week for two hours with weekends added.
Classes meet one day per week.
Classes meet one evening a week for four hours.
Classes meet one evening a week, four hours, for approximately sixteen weeks.
Classes meet one evening a week.
Classes meet one evening during the week.
Classes meet one evening each week throughout the year.
Classes meet one evening per week for twelve weeks and are conducted at no cost to the participants.
Classes meet one evening per week for two hours.
Classes meet one evening per week, four hours per session.
Classes meet one evening per week.
Classes meet one hour each week for six weeks.
Classes meet one hour each week for three weeks.
Classes meet one hour per week and are required for freshmen and sophomores.
Classes meet one night a week for five or six weeks per course.
Classes meet one night a week for four hours.
Classes meet one night a week for two and a half hours.
Classes meet one night a week in accelerated formats.
Classes meet one night a week in New Castle.
Classes meet one night each week for five weeks.
Classes meet one night each week for four hours.
Classes meet one night each week or on weekends.
Classes meet one night each week.
Classes meet one night per week and child care is provided.
Classes meet one night per week for four hours each night over five weeks.
Classes meet one night per week for four hours.
Classes meet one night per week for nine weeks.
Classes meet one night per week for one year.
Classes meet one night per week in a supportive learning environment.
Classes meet one night per week per course.
Classes meet one night per week with summers off.
Classes meet one night per week, four hours per night as a full cohort during the semester.
Classes meet one night per week.
Classes meet one or more times per week dependent upon age and availability.
Classes meet one or two evenings per week.
Classes meet one session a week.
Classes meet one time per week for eight weeks.
Classes meet only four days a week to provide an extended opportunity for traveling.
Classes meet only one to six sessions and are usually held only in the evenings or on weekends.
Classes meet only two evenings a week.
Classes meet rain or shine.
Classes meet regularly and are conducted over a two-way video system.
Classes meet seven and one-half hours weekly.
Classes meet several days each week and at various times.
Classes meet six days a week and are small in size, ranging from three to six students.
Classes meet six days per week.
Classes meet six hours per day.
Classes meet six hours per week for the semester.
Classes meet six or seven times over a two-week period.
Classes meet ten times, two hours per session.
Classes meet three hours a week in multiple sections in the fall and spring semesters.
Classes meet three hours for classroom instruction and two hours for leadership lab per week.
Classes meet three hours per week for four weeks.
Classes meet three times a week and are conducted in French.
Classes meet three times a week for a period of ten weeks per quarter.
Classes meet three times a week for four weeks.
Classes meet three times a week.
Classes meet three times per quarter in a weekend format.
Classes meet three times per week.
Classes meet three times weekly during the school year.
Classes meet three to five hours weekly.
Classes meet three to four hours per week and students generally enroll in three or four courses.
Classes meet throughout the building and are geared toward each age group.
Classes meet together and brake up into teams by teachers.
Classes meet twice a day.
Classes meet twice a month.
Classes meet twice a week all semester.
Classes meet twice a week for about an hour each session.
Classes meet twice a week for eight weeks with final examination.
Classes meet twice a week for four weeks.
Classes meet twice a week for six weeks, once a week for twelve, or over five weekends.
Classes meet twice a week for the first half of the semester.
Classes meet twice a week for two hours.
Classes meet twice a week in a classroom and once a week in the assigned lab.
Classes meet twice a week in the assigned classroom.
Classes meet twice a week in the evenings for two hours each night.
Classes meet twice a week in the evenings or on Sundays.
Classes meet twice a week, for one hour at a time.
Classes meet twice a week.
Classes meet twice as often during intersession and summer session and work load is accelerated.
Classes meet twice daily.
Classes meet twice in a six-day cycle.
Classes meet twice per week and sessions last six weeks.
Classes meet twice per week for increased language exposure.
Classes meet twice per week.
Classes meet twice weekly and have mentored inquiry sessions which also meet twice weekly.
Classes meet twice weekly during school hours throughout the school year.
Classes meet twice weekly each semester.
Classes meet twice weekly for eight weeks.
Classes meet twice weekly for two credits.
Classes meet twice weekly throughout each academic semester.
Classes meet twice weekly, evenings and weekends.
Classes meet twice weekly.
Classes meet two afternoons a week.
Classes meet two evenings a week for eight months.
Classes meet two evenings a week for four hours and each class is six weeks long.
Classes meet two evenings per week for each of the two years.
Classes meet two evenings per week.
Classes meet two hours each day, four days a week, for six weeks.
Classes meet two hours for classroom instruction and two hours for leadership lab per week.
Classes meet two hours per day, five days per week.
Classes meet two hours per day.
Classes meet two hours per week and are coed unless otherwise designated.
Classes meet two hours per week for ten weeks.
Classes meet two hours per week.
Classes meet two hours weekly for one semester of credit.
Classes meet two mornings per week.
Classes meet two nights a week and occasionally during the day.
Classes meet two nights a week.
Classes meet two or four nights a week.
Classes meet two or three times a week.
Classes meet two times per week for one hour.
Classes meet two times per week.
Classes meet two to three days per week, depending on the Module requirements.
Classes meet two to three times per week.
Classes meet upstairs.
Classes meet weekends, weeknights, or a combination of both.
Classes meet weekly and are taught by highly qualified instructors.
Classes meet weekly and offer a variety of learning experiences.
Classes meet weekly for eighteen weeks and are taught by a rabbi and a facilitator.
Classes meet weekly for five weeks.
Classes meet weekly for one hour and are highly interactive and engaging.
Classes meet weekly for several months.
Classes meet weekly for up to forty-five minutes.
Classes meet weekly on weekday evenings or bi-weekly during the day on weekends.
Classes meet weekly throughout the year, taking time out for major school holidays.
Classes meet weekly to prepare participants for the quitting process.
Classes meet weekly, and students turn in written work each week which is corrected by the teacher.
Classes meet weekly.
Classes meet when there is enough interest to form a group.
Classes meet, according to the calendar above, for a total of twenty-two days, five days a week.
Classes meet, but no major exams.
Classes meeting less frequently adjust their meeting lengths upward accordingly.
Classes meeting only one day per week are to follow the exam time for that day.
Classes missed are classes missed regardless of the reason.
Classes mix theory with hands-on learning experiences.
Classes move at a faster pace.
Classes move very fast in the summer.
Classes Name the three classes of DC motors.
Classes needing lab time fall into several scheduling categories.
Classes needing materials require an additional fee.
Classes never end, and they run seven days a week.
Classes nomrally begin in the fall and early spring.
Classes normally have a weekly date to visit the library as a group for check out.
Classes normally meet every other weekend during fall and spring semester and during the summer.
Classes normally meet fifty minutes per instructional hour with a ten-minute break between classes.
Classes normally meet for fifty minutes during the day with ten minutes between classes.
Classes normally meet in a physical classroom once each week.
Classes normally meet two hours per week in the fall semester, and one hour per week in the spring.
Classes normally start at five minutes past the hour or half-hour.
Classes normally start at the beginning and mid-points of each term.
Classes now fill a month in advance of starting date.
Classes now meet half as often for twice as long.
Classes occasionally have to be cancelled because the venues are unavailable.
Classes occasionally meet out of doors.
Classes occupy the West Lobby most mornings and afternoons.
Classes occur every fourth weekend.
Classes occur midweek and weekends year round.
Classes occur once a month through out the school year and generally occur over one weekend.
Classes offer a lively and varied approach to teaching.
Classes offer a lively and varied.
Classes offer a variety of activities in art, music, drama and writing.
Classes offer basic core curriculum and specific training in applied technologies.
Classes offer basic instruction and is free of charge.
Classes offer basic, beginning and advanced techniques.
Classes offer development of basic skills with a variety of innovative and engaging activities.
Classes offer guidance and support to parents of young children.
Classes offer hands-on instruction, recipes, meals, and wine tastings.
Classes offer in depth Bible studies.
Classes offer instruction and a creative friendly atmosphere.
Classes offer intensive study of a language and culture.
Classes offer interactive quizzes, tutorials, and online discussions.
Classes offer newborns through two years olds an enchanting introduction to music.
Classes offer skills and information of benefit to the women and their families.
Classes offer technique, stretching and strengthening, terminology, progressions, and combinations.
Classes offered are available at no cost.
Classes offered are important to the success of a show or fair.
Classes offered are in English, math, science, and social science.
Classes offered in public school systems only offer their students rhetoric and propaganda.
Classes offered in the evening typically meet once a week for two and one half hours.
Classes offered in the fall, winter, spring, and summer terms are the heart of the KT experience.
Classes offered in the first and second year provide the scientific foundation of medicine.
Classes open continously throughout the year.
Classes open only if a minimum number of students register.
Classes operate at homeless shelters or educational agencies.
Classes operate during the morning, afternoon, and eveningand includes free supplies.
Classes operate on a five-day week over the entire year.
Classes operate on a modified block schedule.
Classes operate on a space-available basis.
Classes operate on the average of six hours each week day.
Classes organize fields and methods, patterns organize classes and collaborations.
Classes originate on the Logan campus.
Classes paint their years on the cannon in the fall, and hold football pre-game bonfires here.
Classes participate in electronic field trips.
Classes pave an avenue for teachers to discuss their Christian faith.
Classes place an emphasis on contemporary issues and problems and on innovative policy solutions.
Classes plan their own, with staff and sometimes with faculty help.
Classes play two distinct roles in object-oriented programming.
Classes podem ser extens es de outras classes.
Classes popup menu, in order, for example, to place frequently used classes at the top of the list.
Classes post assignments and announcements on the pages.
Classes progress at approximately twice the rate of a regular high school class.
Classes progress in floor work and bar exercises depending on the level of children s abilities.
Classes progress to advanced levels where skills are enhanced and fine tuned.
Classes promote health and wellness in the community.
Classes promote sharing oral traditions and first-hand experiences of useful and medicinal plants.
Classes provide a fast, consistent method for entering employee records.
Classes provide a playful atmosphere for parent and toddler to share a common aquatic experience.
Classes provide a structured way to organize code.
Classes provide a venue for individual artistic and personal growth experiences.
Classes provide ample opportunity for hands on activities.
Classes provide an atmosphere of learning and enjoyment in a non-academic environment.
Classes provide an in-depth look at the numerous options in today's medical world.
Classes provide an interactive art experience for parents and children.
Classes provide an opportunity to be with friends, meet new people, and laugh.
Classes provide an opportunity to learn and expand a vocabulary in Croatian.
Classes provide both a theoretical and practical approach to museum work.
Classes provide for an excellent aerobic workout while students practice their strokes.
Classes provide hands-on experience as learning opportunities.
Classes provide information about security information, viruses, and effective search techniques.
Classes provide insight into law enforcement techniques.
Classes provide insight into responsible stewardship of our resources.
Classes provide instruction in explanatory and argumentative writing as well as critical reading.
Classes provide instruction in management, leadership, and small unit tactics.
Classes provide ongoing critique and are complemented by individual instructor consultation.
Classes provide physical and mental learning.
Classes provide practical information for immediate application.
Classes provide socialization skills as well as kindergarten readiness.
Classes provide students with experiences necessary to be successful in construction related jobs.
Classes provide students with individualized attention and modern instructional technology.
Classes provide students with knowledge of the basic tools of music.
Classes provide the benefit of reusability.
Classes provide the dog with a great opportunity to show the owner who is the real boss.
Classes provide the means for understanding the visual arts at an introductory level.
Classes provide the optimum individualized attention with a tremendous trainer to athlete ratio.
Classes provide valuable tools and serve to enhance students' feeling of pride and accomplishment.
Classes provided include computing, sociology, history and engineering.
Classes range from about ten to thirty students.
Classes range from afternoon meetings to long excursions.
Classes range from an hour to an hour and a half and are led by Chinese professors.
Classes range from art and computer classes to fly fishing and horseback riding.
Classes range from art and health to outdoor adventure and psychic topics.
Classes range from art to crafts to landscaping for adults and children.
Classes range from basic awareness to route planning and rescue techniques.
Classes range from basic computer skills to line dancing.
Classes range from basic creative movement through advanced levels of dance.
Classes range from basic seamanship to advanced coastal navigation.
Classes range from basic to advanced.
Classes range from beginner classes to advanced, some with instruments available.
Classes range from beginner level to advanced level.
Classes range from beginner level to professional.
Classes range from beginner to advanced skill levels for children.
Classes range from beginner to advanced, paper-piecing to applique.
Classes range from beginner to advanced, to special classes designed for kids.
Classes range from beginner to advanced.
Classes range from beginner to experienced.
Classes range from beginner to expert level.
Classes range from beginner to pro.
Classes range from beginner, gentle, therapeutic, mixed, moderate, and intermediate levels.
Classes range from beginners through to more senior levels.
Classes range from beginners to advanced.
Classes range from beginning level to more advanced workshops.
Classes range from beginning to advanced levels.
Classes range from beginning to advanced.
Classes range from belly dancing to untutored life drawing.
Classes range from cartooning and calligraphy to marine biology and nuclear science.
Classes range from communications to corrective actions, and are offered in the spring and fall.
Classes range from complete beginners to preparation for university entrance examinations.
Classes range from computing skills to welding.
Classes range from cooking healthier to helping people develop their own exercise plans.
Classes range from dance and karate to computer language and rock climbing.
Classes range from dance and music to biology.
Classes range from dealing with change to managing change to implementing change.
Classes range from drawing and painting, to history, math, creek biology and more.
Classes range from elementary to advanced levels.
Classes range from English to western to games and driving.
Classes range from general introductory experiences to highly specialized studio courses.
Classes range from half-day to two weeks.
Classes range from high school age to adults.
Classes range from how to interpret to the public to basic knowledge of the exhibits.
Classes range from intermediate to advanced.
Classes range from introductory level to advanced.
Classes range from introductory to advanced level, and offer instruction on a variety of skills.
Classes range from introductory to advanced skills.
Classes range from kindergarten through secondary school.
Classes range from kindergarten to business classes, and from private lessons to group lessons.
Classes range from literature to science and finance.
Classes range from moderate-high intensity and impact.
Classes range from music and art appreciation to fitness and creative writing.
Classes range from music appreciation, history, and computers, to gourmet cooking.
Classes range from novice to advanced sections.
Classes range from novice to expert.
Classes range from nursery to adult and include a new members' and aspiring ministers' class.
Classes range from one to eight sessions in duration.
Classes range from one to five days in length.
Classes range from one to one and a half hours and are open to dancers age eleven and up.
Classes range from one to three students per class.
Classes range from one-night video sessions to regularly scheduled parent groups.
Classes range from orientation sessions to advanced management training.
Classes range from orienteering to fishing.
Classes range from painting and sculpture to art history.
Classes range from parent-tot through lifeguard training.
Classes range from pottery, stained glass, flower arranging, framing and matting, and woodworking.
Classes range from pre-K to high school.
Classes range from pre-school through eighth grade.
Classes range from primary skills to stroke development and refinement.
Classes range from programming to project management, for executives through entry-level associates.
Classes range from puppy kindergarten to competitive agility.
Classes range from soldiers to medics to even demolitions.
Classes range from Spanish to the history of baseball to tai chi instruction.
Classes range from stream ecology to wild edible plants.
Classes range from telecommunications to environmental studies.
Classes range from the arts and humanities to wellness, fitness and travel.
Classes range from the arts and humanities to wellness, personal development and travel.
Classes range from the beginning level through the performance level.
Classes range from the conceptual to the specifics of generating code.
Classes range from the entry level to advanced.
Classes range from the highly practical to fun learning, for all age groups.
Classes range from three and a half year-olds through eighth grade.
Classes range from toddler-age swim lessons to subjects specifically for senior citzens.
Classes range from turkey calling to Brazilian needlepoint to hair braiding.
Classes range from two to five days.
Classes range from working with experimental ceramic materials to building a kiln.
Classes range from Yoga to oil painting.
Classes range in duration from one to multiple sessions, and tuition varies with duration and topic.
Classes range in frequency from weekly to daily.
Classes range in inten-sity from very light to very challenging.
Classes range in length from a weekend to eight weeks.
Classes range in length from one to five days.
Classes range in length from three to eight weeks.
Classes range in media from pastels to metalsmithing, photography to oilpainting.
Classes range in size depending on the summer enrollment each year.
Classes range in size from as few as three to more than twenty.
Classes range in size from less than ten to greater than twenty-five students.
Classes range in size from one to fifteen.
Classes range in size from one to twenty students.
Classes range to encompass a wide range of vehicles predicated largely on engine size.
Classes really are the way to go.
Classes receive a certificate for completing the project.
Classes receive appropriate instruction before and during research activities.
Classes receive hatchery bred eggs in the fall.
Classes receive list of participants and send hello message to other groups.
Classes receive three credits and meet from once to twice a week.
Classes receive three to four credits and meet from once to three times a week.
Classes reconvene for one week as teams refine their projects.
Classes reflect the growth in staff expertise and increased interest in curriculum integration.
Classes regularly use electronic mail, the Internet, and database reporting techniques.
Classes regularly visit the coastal forests and oak woodlands of the Willamette Valley.
Classes relate to each other.
Classes rely heavily on a workshop format.
Classes rely on the case method of instruction.
Classes remain open for two weeks.
Classes remain small and, as always, active learning is encouraged.
Classes repeat each month.
Classes represent objects, while components are the implementation files.
Classes require a minimum of four to six hours of work each week.
Classes require advance registration.
Classes require extensive reading and preparation between sessions.
Classes require full commitment.
Classes require less personal and relational contact.
Classes require paid registration at least one week prior to class.
Classes require pre-enrollment and are filled on a first come, first serve basis.
Classes require registration.
Classes require the commitment of both time and money.
Classes require the use of a browser that supports frames and scripting.
Classes reserve the lab facilities and come as often as they can.
Classes resume . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Classes resume .
Classes resume after mid-term break.
Classes resume after spring recess.
Classes resume after vacation.
Classes resume and sixth senior block begins.
Classes resume following spring recess.
Classes resume in Atlanta at all locations.
Classes resume Mid-term grades and comments due Tues.
Classes resume, all schools.
Classes return to learning something.
Classes review and critique examples of production work from the industry throughout the program.
Classes review labor, delivery, body changes, breathing exercises, and newborn care.
Classes revolve around energy conservation and preservation of our natural resources.
Classes revolve around real-life situations.
Classes revolve around some lecture, but mostly discussion activities.
Classes revolve around the application of current research.
Classes rotate from room to room.
Classes run about an hour once a week and the training lasts six to eight weeks.
Classes run about an hour.
Classes run about one and one-half hours.
Classes run about two hours each, with additional work assigned each day.
Classes run about two hours.
Classes run all year long, everyday.
Classes run all year.
Classes run anywhere from one day to week long sessions and cover a wide range of subject matter.
Classes run around the clock and students can attend full or part-time.
Classes run as scheduled.
Classes run at the following times.
Classes run both daytimes and evenings to suit most peoples needs.
Classes run concurrently at each site, so choose one course only.
Classes run concurrently at staggered start times.
Classes run continually.
Classes run continuously except for major holidays.
Classes run continuously throughout the year, except during holiday closing periods.
Classes run continuously.
Classes run every fall, spring and summer.
Classes run every six weeks.
Classes run for a four to six-week period throughout the year and are free to participants.
Classes run for approximately one hour.
Classes run for eight hours and are offered on a space-available basis.
Classes run for eight weeks and meet once a week for three hours.
Classes run for eight weeks.
Classes run for forty-five minutes.
Classes run for one and one-half hours and class size is limited.
Classes run for seven weeks.
Classes run for six weeks.
Classes run for thirty minutes.
Classes run for three hours.
Classes run for three months, with each class meeting on campus two weekends.
Classes run for two hours.
Classes run for two or three days and usually take place in our clients' offices.
Classes run for two-hour periods, once a week, for six to eight weeks in duration.
Classes run form two hours to six hours.
Classes run four hours per day, five days per week, for eight weeks, during the summer.
Classes run four to six hours of instruction per day.
Classes run frequently throughout the year.
Classes run from four to ten weeks and one-day workshops are also offered.
Classes run from one to five days depending on the amount of material to be covered.
Classes run from preschool to an adult study class.
Classes run from seven minutes past the hour until the hour.
Classes run from two days to two weeks.
Classes run in a six week series, open to both couples and singles of all ages.
Classes run in both Auckland and Wellington.
Classes run in eight week cycles.
Classes run in eight-week sessions with open enrollment.
Classes run in four-week sessions.
Classes run in the daytime.
Classes run in the evenings to accommodate work and family schedules.
Classes run in the morning, afternoon or evening.
Classes run in the mornings and afternoons.
Classes run mornings, evenings, and weekends.
Classes run most days.
Classes run on a continuum.
Classes run on a monthly basis.
Classes run on a quarterly basis.
Classes run on a two week on and one week off basis.
Classes run on schedule and include courses on human rights.
Classes run on the school year during regular school hours.
Classes run once a week and last about one hour.
Classes run once a week for six weeks.
Classes run six weeks with two lessons posted each week.
Classes run six weeks, one night per week.
Classes run the full program period, with regular three-day weekends.
Classes run the gamut from beginner to advanced, low impact to a high energy group cycling class.
Classes run thirty minutes.
Classes run three nights per week, four and one-half hours per night.
Classes run throughout the state at varying times.
Classes run throughout the year.
Classes run thru the fall semester, covering armed and unarmed techniques.
Classes run year round.
Classes run year-round.
Classes schedule one or two times each week to use the computer lab.
Classes scheduled in the labs have priority over all other uses.
Classes See the course syllabi and gain access to the classrooms by clicking on the class links.
Classes See the lists for the winter term and the summer term .
Classes seem okay.
Classes seem to have a greater purpose and intimacy.
Classes seem tolerable, though.
Classes select and annotate all resources.
Classes select two locations from which to collect weather data.
Classes sell out early.
Classes send their questions and answers directly to each other by e-mail.
Classes serve as primary structuring mechanism.
Classes serve as templates for the creation of objects.
Classes serve beginning learners through advanced.
Classes serve bright learning disabled children ages six to sixteen.
Classes serve the beginning to the advanced student.
Classes share their redesign concerns, problems, questions and share suggestions and ideas.
Classes shown in the diagram in a box surrounded by a dashed line are abstract classes.
Classes Sign the kids up for our super classes.
Classes sign up for additional tech classroom time when working on special projects or assignments.
Classes sign up to share when the timing is right for their class.
Classes sit together.
Classes span from beginning sailor to advanced racer levels.
Classes sponsor canned food and clothing drives as well.
Classes spycams young lesbians of which whites sex s stroke with adult toyss.
Classes start and stop on time.
Classes start approximately every two months.
Classes start approximately on time.
Classes start at midnight and continue till daybreak.
Classes start at once a week, and as a dancer s muscles mature, time spent in class increases.
Classes start at once a week, and as a dancer's muscles mature, time spent in class increases.
Classes start at several intervals during the year.
Classes start at the beginning of each month unless otherwise noted.
Classes start at the beginning of each semester while some classes are offered mid-semester.
Classes start at the beginning of each term.
Classes start at the school next week.
Classes start at the time indicated, and run for fifty minutes.
Classes start continuously during the term.
Classes start different days at different times.
Classes start every CCSF semester.
Classes start every Day.
Classes start every eight weeks.
Classes start every five weeks.
Classes start every fourth week.
Classes start every month.
Classes start every other week.
Classes start every quarter with beginner levels to advanced levels.
Classes start every six weeks, and students can enter the course rotation at any point.
Classes start every three months.
Classes start every two weeks.
Classes start every two years with a minimum of five people.
Classes start every week, one in the afternoon and one in the evening.
Classes start every week.
Classes start five minutes after the hour and finish five minutes before the hour.
Classes start from kindergarten to high school level.
Classes start immediately.
Classes start in a week.
Classes start in spring and fall.
Classes start in the second week of the term.
Classes start in two days.
Classes start in two weeks, but teachers report next week.
Classes start monthly, for all levels of our diving instruction.
Classes start monthly.
Classes start next week.
Classes start on a monthly basis, spread throughout the year.
Classes start on a regular basis.
Classes start on an ongoing schedule throughout the year.
Classes start on time, so don t rely on the campus clocks.
Classes start on time, so please be prompt.
Classes start on time.
Classes start ona monthly basis throughout the year.
Classes start one week after school closes.
Classes start promptly at the assigned time.
Classes start promptly at the meeting time.
Classes start promptly at the scheduled time.
Classes start promptly at the scheduled times.
Classes start promptly at the time indicated on the schedule.
Classes start promptly at the time listed.
Classes start promptly at time noted below.
Classes start promptly on time.
Classes start quarterly throughout the year.
Classes start quarterly.
Classes start regularily.
Classes start several times a month .
Classes start soon and class sizes are limited.
Classes start soon.
Classes start the day after tomorrow.
Classes start the first week of each month.
Classes start the first week of each term and run for six weeks.
Classes start the first week of every month.
Classes start the next day.
Classes start the second week of the semester.
Classes start throughout the year on different nights of the week.
Classes start throughout the year.
Classes start today .
Classes start today after students spent the weekend moving into their dorms and apartments.
Classes start today.
Classes start tomorrow.
Classes start two times a year.
Classes start way to soon.
Classes start Weds.
Classes start weekly, year round.
Classes start weekly.
Classes start with a group lecture and demonstration.
Classes start with a warmup and last one hour.
Classes start with an introduction to the parts of a computer and continue with projects.
Classes start with gentle stretches and work toward more challenging poses.
Classes start with proper stretching.
Classes start with short lectures.
Classes start with the recitation of the Pledge of Allegiance and the Pledge for Peace.
Classes start year- round.
Classes start year-round.
Classes start, so everyone is busy.
Classes starton a monthly basis, spread throughout the year.
Classes stay in constant touch with their buddy by electronic mail while the buddy is away.
Classes stay in constant touch with their buddy by electronic mail.
Classes stay with one extension teacher for fifteen days and then rotate.
Classes stay with their classroom teacher in the area.
Classes still gather to learn in the building.
Classes stimulate collaboration and utilize a variety of teaching techniques.
Classes stimulate social development and provide personal enrichment.
Classes stimulate students to think practically and to resolve human relations problems.
Classes stress a knowledge of the Bible applied to the needs of today.
Classes stress citizenship and the importance of positive relationships.
Classes stress critical thinking, composition, natural sciences, history, and research.
Classes stress environmental awareness, escape and evasion training.
Classes stress improvement of technical skills, flexibility, strength and alignment.
Classes stress oral communication and are complemented by written exercises done at home.
Classes stress self-discipline and respect.
Classes stress speaking and writing.
Classes stress the practical application of philosophical principles.
Classes submit their best glider revision plan with explanation and scientific basis for revision.
Classes suck, but ah well.
Classes suit all levels.
Classes support concurrent programming with synchronized methods.
Classes support data encapsulation and multiple inheritance.
Classes take a closer look at a specific issue or develop a particular skill.
Classes Take a few technical writing classes or obtain a certificate.
Classes Take a look at the web version of our course catalog .
Classes take data back to the classroom suitable for follow-up analysis.
Classes take library sessions seriously.
Classes take place at a site in each borough on a rotating basis.
Classes take place at both the customer facility and in-house at our new training center.
Classes take place during the day, and for most courses are on at least two days per week.
Classes take place during the day, no night classes.
Classes take place every weekend, on holidays, and during the week when there's sufficient interest.
Classes take place in a house with great view to the ocean.
Classes take place in a number of buildings.
Classes take place in a Parisian apartment where dishes are prepared and sampled by students.
Classes take place in a residence.
Classes take place in a rural environment just minutes from downtown Princeton.
Classes take place in an historic house on Camden's main street.
Classes take place in each town after school, for elementary-age children.
Classes take place in EIES conferences.
Classes take place in eight-week sessions and are limited to six infants and their parents.
Classes take place in India.
Classes take place in office buildings or wherever classroom space can be rented.
Classes take place in the classroom and in the well-equipped gym.
Classes take place in the daytime and evening.
Classes take place in the evening and both group and private lessons are available.
Classes take place in the evening, a convenience to students who work full or part time.
Classes take place in the evenings to accommodate the busy schedules of working adults.
Classes take place in the gym.
Classes take place in the piano lab and there is a separate digital piano for each student.
Classes take place in the youth area, near the gym.
Classes take place on a campus in the central part of the city.
Classes take place on an ongoing basis at various times, dates and locations throughout Boston.
Classes take place on the verandas of the buildings.
Classes take place on weekends and evenings.
Classes take place once a week for a full day during sixteen weeks.
Classes take place over two days, four hours each.
Classes take place rain or shine.
Classes take place through the semester and during the summer months.
Classes take place using a live, two-way television connection.
Classes take priority over drop in student use.
Classes take the form of impromptu discussions or prepared lectures.
Classes take their trips throughout the year.
Classes take turns caring for the gardens.
Classes take turns hosting the assembly and it is a time to perform or share important information.
Classes take up more outside of class time than actual class time.
Classes taken in the liberal arts can also provide unforeseen benefits.
Classes taking a program also receive free general admission to the zoo for the same day.
Classes taking advantage of the college's extensive computer system are next on our agenda.
Classes target the average level of the group.
Classes taught by experienced educators are down-linked from Mexico City.
Classes taught by the artists are available in northeastern Oklahoma.
Classes taught by two professors have a different flavor from classes led by just one.
Classes taught by vendors require an additional fee for supplies.
Classes teach a traditional form of Japanese karate.
Classes teach both cardiology and rehabilitation medicine.
Classes teach dancing, singing and acting skills for musicals.
Classes teach everything from basic steps and formations to entire dances.
Classes teach grammar and vocabulary through language immersion.
Classes teach parenting skills such as communication, discipline, and child care.
Classes teach participants about nutrition, meal planning, food shopping and food safety.
Classes teach self-esteem, fashion, skin care, etiquette, fitness and nutrition.
Classes teach senior citizens about nutrition, meal planning, and food safety.
Classes teach the basics of small business ownership such as accounting and customer service.
Classes teach topics in mathematics.
Classes teach women how to increase personal safety at home, work, school and on the street.
Classes Teaches courses in the area of soil and water pollution and land use.
Classes teaching life skills help participants learn how to cope.
Classes teem with youngsters.
Classes tell children to say no to drugs.
Classes tend to be assigned at a given time and place.
Classes tend to be filled two to three months in advance.
Classes tend to be more formal and rely more on instruction.
Classes tend to be more interesting if most people participate.
Classes tend to be small and personal attention is available.
Classes tend to be small because of the variety of learning options.
Classes tend to be small, and the atmosphere is informal.
Classes tend to be small, with a low faculty to student ratio.
Classes tend to be small.
Classes tend to be smaller allowing more personal attention.
Classes tend to be smaller, and studio and laboratory spaces are less crowded.
Classes tend to close out as the registration process proceeds throughout the summer.
Classes tend to close very early during the registration process.
Classes tend to fill more rapidly as the scheduled class date approaches.
Classes tend to fill quickly.
Classes tend to fill to capacity requiring that some participants be placed on a waiting list.
Classes tend to fill up very quickly.
Classes tend to sell out, so please register early to avoid disappointment.
Classes test their plans and debate the procedures for data collection on the debate-lfm list.
Classes then compare the different prices and then research and discuss the differences in cost.
Classes then convene in existing classrooms, hallways, storage areas, and the church office.
Classes then define objects that are instances of the class.
Classes then visit the milking parlor.
Classes then visit the zoo.
Classes total three hours a day, either in the morning or in the afternoon.
Classes tought by well know industry members and professional disc jockeys.
Classes train teen moms to be parents and educate pregnant adolescents.
Classes transfer from other accredited institutions if the grade is a C or better.
Classes turn into structs with obvious feature mappings.
Classes typically are co-ed and taught along with another subject.
Classes typically are small, and in virtually every class, there is a great deal of discussion.
Classes typically are small, andin virtually every class, there is a great deal of discussion.
Classes typically begin in the second month of each semester.
Classes typically begin in the seventh month of pregnancy, and last around six weeks.
Classes typically end with a relaxation period to calm the body and clear the mind.
Classes typically fill one to three months in advance.
Classes typically fill up during the first few hours of registration.
Classes typically have a standard curriculum.
Classes typically have many parts.
Classes typically involve the following kinds of teaching activities.
Classes typically last one or two hours each day.
Classes typically last three hours and are held once a week.
Classes typically meet for three hours each day, four to five days each week.
Classes typically meet once a week.
Classes typically meet one evening a week over the course of the semester.
Classes typically meet one evening each week for eleven weeks.
Classes typically meet one or two evenings a week over the course of the semester.
Classes typically meet twice a week for nineteen weeks.
Classes typically meet twice a week for two hours each time.
Classes typically meet twice per week over a four-week session during the spring and fall.
Classes typically range in size from one student to twenty-five students.
Classes typically require two weeks of lead time for processing.
Classes typically run one night only for up to two hours.
Classes use a slide lecture format and students present both written and oral reports.
Classes use a variety of instructional methods to ensure a wide range of learning experiences.
Classes use a variety of teaching styles and curriculum.
Classes use age-appropriate materials to encourage the spiritual growth of every child.
Classes use cases and simulations from actual work settings.
Classes use computer simulation, video and demonstrations to complement lecture and problem-solving.
Classes use different materials and texts to further language education.
Classes use materials which are directed specifically to the age levels of the children.
Classes use real-world examples of management success and failure in international areas.
Classes use technology center to prepare class work and projects.
Classes use the facilities for, on average, approximately a half of an hour each week.
Classes use the nearby college forests for daily field instruction.
Classes use the visualizations as course materials.
Classes using motivational methods seem to be best for Deerhounds.
Classes using such material often require modifying one's usual teaching approach.
Classes utilize an adult cooperative learning strategy.
Classes utilize an assortment of equipment including beams, ladders, cones, tunnels and bars.
Classes utilize interactive examples and illustrations as well as applied problem solving.
Classes utilize student contributions to enhance the adult learning process.
Classes utilize the media center print and nonprint materials to enrich the learning process.
Classes utilize videoconferencing to provide two-way audio and video interaction between all sites.
Classes vary and often include aerobics, gymnastics and karate.
Classes vary annually, and are taught by members of the professional company.
Classes vary between facilities, please call for class schedules.
Classes vary by geographic location.
Classes vary depending on the school and types of jobs available in the area.
Classes vary depending on the week of the month, with the first week being the most aerobic.
Classes vary depending upon the level.
Classes vary each month.
Classes vary each quarter.
Classes vary each session, depending on interest and teacher availability.
Classes vary each seven week session but tend to focus on acting skills.
Classes vary each term and offer a range of subjects selected by a curriculum committee.
Classes vary each term.
Classes vary from campus to campus.
Classes vary from contest to contest.
Classes vary from dance to fishing lessons to arts and crafts.
Classes vary from introductory to advanced level courses.
Classes vary from one to another.
Classes vary from one to two days, depending on how complicated it is.
Classes vary from one-day sessions to a few weeks, depending on the subject.
Classes vary from poetry to music composition on a computer.
Classes vary from pottery, weaving, and puppets to calligraphy, painting, and sculpture.
Classes vary from school to school.
Classes vary from single students in studios to larger classes of thirty students.
Classes vary from young learners to exam prep.
Classes vary greatly in training methods and types of equipment used.
Classes vary in difficulty.
Classes vary in duration and frequency.
Classes vary in intensity.
Classes vary in length from a single two hour session to eight sessions in length.
Classes vary in length from eight weeks, to a half-day workshop.
Classes vary in length from one day or several evenings to eight weeks.
Classes vary in length from one night to four, six or eight weeks.
Classes vary in length from one to three days and are taught on weekends.
Classes vary in length to accommodate the traveling seniors.
Classes vary in length to accommodate travel schedules.
Classes vary in length, and are offered day and evening, weekdays and weekends.
Classes vary in length, depending on the age of the student.
Classes vary in length, with a flexible schedule of morning, afternoon and evening hours available.
Classes vary in length.
Classes vary in level and age group.
Classes vary in price according to duration of class and material fees.
Classes vary in size, depending upon demand by students in an emphasis or major.
Classes vary in size.
Classes vary in terms of the intensity and duration of the cardiovascular and resistance.
Classes vary in their procedures for approving calls and contracts.
Classes vary with different dates and times, but each one lasts about two hours.
Classes vary, with aerobic kickboxing, cardio, step, yoga, and toning.
Classes visit district libraries on both rigid and flexible schedules, depending on the school site.
Classes visit exhibitions, discuss current literature, and tour galleries and museums.
Classes visit once a week, and library books circulate for a period of one week.
Classes visit the library once a week for story readings, library instruction, and book check-out.
Classes visit the media center for story times and learning media center skills.
Classes visit the media center once a week.
Classes visit the sanctuary regularly with their teacher and carry out experiments and observations.
Classes visit weekly for book checkout, storytime, and instruction in library skills.
Classes volunteer to care for trees planted in the parks.
Classes vote on questions.
Classes -We offer a wide variety of sewing classes to the public.
Classes Wear comfortable clothing and avoid eating prior to class.
Classes witness first-hand the impact the arts can have on a community.
Classes work as a team of composers inputting their own information resulting in a short song.
Classes work as a team to earn points.
Classes work as teams to complete projects.
Classes work best with lively participation, so come and join in.
Classes work differently.
Classes work with breath, focus and direction of energy and suitable for all levels.
Classes always begin with a physical warm-up and breathing exercises.
Classes always come first before any extra curricular activities.
Classes always come first for the debaters.
Classes always come first.
Classes frequently have multiple goals.
Classes frequently make trips to campus to watch glass blowing demonstrations.
Classes frequently use Study Island as a supplement to classroom teaching.
Classes often cover a wide range of subjects, including the following areas.
Classes often demand participation and sharing which is personal in nature.
Classes often extend their partnership to include art activities, plays and curriculum connections.
Classes often feature a donor family or transplant recipient.
Classes often fill early, please register at least two weeks in advance to ensure a reservation.
Classes often fill early.
Classes often fill several weeks before the start of each session.
Classes often have significant state-dependent behavior.
Classes often run throughout pregnancy.
Classes often share a theme-based song or class book about an activity.
Classes often take place during the evening.
Classes often travel in order to experience what they are studying.
Classes often vary in basic skill level among the students in the class.
Class sometimes moves quickly, other times slowly.
Classes sometimes fill before all students have registered.
Classes sometimes get the back burner.
Classes sometimes have to be missed for PEP rallies for the basketball team.
Classes sometimes meet in classrooms in the dorm.
Classes sometimes meet in evenings and on weekends.
Classes sometimes play the role of types.
Classes sometimes reach capacity.
Classes sometimes throw exceptions as they're being loaded.
Class usually ends with a period of meditation.
Class usually goes poorly.
Classes usually are an hour and a half, once a week, for four weeks.
Classes usually begin about the first week of each month.
Classes usually come in packages.
Classes usually consist of eight students or less.
Classes usually fill quickly.
Classes usually fill up a week or two before the scheduled starting date.
Classes usually fill up about two weeks before the starting date.
Classes usually focus on discussing the issues arising from lectures in small groups.
Classes usually form either in the spring or fall.
Classes usually have either one or two visits each year.
Classes usually have ten-sixteen students.
Classes usually involve discussing issues arising from lectures in smaller groups.
Classes usually last one hour with some including a free practice session afterwards.
Classes usually last one to one and one-half hours.
Classes usually meet each weekday morning and some evenings.
Classes usually meet for three hours a day, providing time to focus on a subject in depth.
Classes usually meet for three hours, once a week.
Classes usually meet late afternoons, evenings and weekends.
Classes usually meet on campus for significant periods before and after a field experience.
Classes usually meet once a week for three hours.
Classes usually meet once a week for two hours.
Classes usually meet once a week.
Classes usually meet once or twice a week from two to three hours each session.
Classes usually meet once or twice per week and emphasize conversation, reading, and some writing.
Classes usually meet one day per week, with an additional clinical day in the last two semesters.
Classes usually meet one night per week.
Classes usually meet three hours per week.
Classes usually meet two days per week, either in the morning or in the evening.
Classes usually meet weekday mornings and some evenings, leaving the remaining time free.
Classes usually meet weekly for four or five weeks.
Classes usually provide mats and other necessary equipment.
Classes usually require advance preparation, reading and writing.
Classes usually run about once a month.
Classes usually run for several weeks.
Classes usually run six weeks.
Classes usually sell out before the event.
Classes usually start with simple, gentle poses.
Classes usually take place during the lunch hour.
All classes usually do some type of performance before an audience during the school year.
All classes usually run for eight weeks and are free to the public.
All class dates subject to change.
All class exercises, homework assignments, and tests are individual work.
All class starting and ending times are subject to change to assist our school traffic flow.
All classes accept homework online.
All classes actively use the computers for research.
All classes appear to be losing perks associated with the communist era over time.
All classes are a one time charge with the class remaining on the calendar until presented.
All classes are a year long and emphasize career experiences.
All classes are adaptable to all fitness levels and are coed.
All classes are ages specific.
All classes are also available in Spanish.
All classes are also available through real time interactive video.
All classes are appropriate for beginners and visitors are welcome.
All classes are at introductory level for people who have little or no experience.
All classes are at night.
All classes are at no charge.
All classes are at the church unless otherwise noted.
All classes are audio taped and include extensive, integrated notes and exercises.
All classes are available at no cost to the student.
All classes are available depending on full enrollment.
All classes are available for first time skiers or snowboarders .
All classes are available for nondegree students.
All classes are available on a first come, first serve basis.
All classes are available on a noncredit basis at a reduced fee.
All classes are available on a training contract.
All classes are available on an individual basis when space permits.
All classes are available through continuous registration.
All classes are available to all students.
All classes are available upon request.
All classes are Bible-oriented, and all preaching is geared to fit the Bible.
All classes are boring means that the 'classes' circle goes inside the 'boring' circle.
All classes are challengeable.
All classes are closed five business days prior to the class date.
All classes are coed and are supervised by trained personnel.
All classes are co-ed and for all ages.
All classes are coed unless otherwise specified.
All classes are coed, and there are both coed and single-sex residences.
All classes are coed, there is one faculty, one curriculum, one president, one campus.
All classes are coed.
All classes are co-ed.
All classes are co-educational and appropriate physical education attire is required.
All classes are coeducational unless otherwise specified.
All classes are co-educational.
All classes are communities of some kind.
All classes are competency-based.
All classes are composite grade levels.
All classes are compulsory.
All classes are conducted in German, instruction follows the communicative approach.
All classes are contingent on enrollments.
All classes are creative in curriculum as well as experience.
All classes are credit bearing.
All classes are credit-bearing and the credit counts towards a student's degree.
All classes are credit-free and there is a nominal charge.
All classes are culturally mixed and all instruction is conducted exclusively in English.
All classes are culturally-mixed, and all instruction is conducted exclusively in English.
All classes are currently available only on-line.
All classes are currently full.
All classes are custom tailored to each persons skill level, needs, goals, and prior experience.
All classes are drop-in.
All classes are drop-ins.
All classes are easily available by public transportation.
All classes are eight weeks long.
All Classes are eligible for college credit and there is no enrollment fee.
All Classes are eligible for college credit.
All classes are eligible, including graduating seniors.
All classes are eligible.
All Classes are eligible.
All classes are equally important in an integrated programme.
All classes are Equitation.
All classes are evening classes offered one time per semester.
All classes are fast-paced, colorful, and promote interactivity.
All classes are filled on a first come, first serve basis.
All classes are first come, first serve.
All classes are first-come, first serve.
All classes are five days.
All classes are for adults and are free.
All classes are for adults.
All classes are for all levels and disabilities.
All classes are for beginners and experienced students.
All classes are for certification and re-certification.
All classes are free .
All classes are FREE .
All Classes are FREE .
All classes are free and are held in the computer lab.
All classes are free and are in the gym, unless otherwise noted.
All classes are free and drop-in unless otherwise indicated.
All classes are free and last approximately one hour.
All classes are free and no advance signup is necessary.
All classes are free and open to absolutely anyone.
All classes are FREE and open to all New York State employees and the general public.
All classes are FREE and open to all New York State employees.
All classes are free and open to library patrons with a borrower card in good standing.
All classes are free and open to students, faculty, staff and community residents of all ages.
All classes are free and open to the public in New Zealand.
All classes are free and open to the public located in New Zealand.
All classes are free and open to the public.
All Classes are free and open to the public.
All classes are free and open to the university community.
All classes are free and pre-registration is required.
All classes are free and require no previous experience.
All classes are free and require no registration.
All classes are free and subject to last-minute changes and cancellation.
All classes are free and transportation is provided.
All classes are free except for the high school diploma class.
All classes are free for facility members, unless otherwise noted.
All classes are free for members.
All classes are free of charge .
All classes are free of charge and open to the public.
All classes are free of charge unless otherwise specified.
All classes are free of charge, and open to the general public.
All classes are free of charge.
All classes are FREE of charge.
All classes are free to faculty and staff.
All classes are free to members.
All classes are free to Sky Ranch overnight guest.
All classes are Free to the general public.
All classes are free to the participants.
All classes are free, and are available at various knowledge and skill levels.
All classes are free, and materials are provided.
All classes are free, and pre-registration is required.
All classes are free, but pre-registration is required.
All classes are free, but space is limited.
All classes are free, unless otherwise noted.
All classes are free.
ALL classes are free.
All classes are full .
All classes are full time.
All classes are full.
All classes are full-term classes unless otherwise noted.
All classes are gentle enough for beginners with emphasis on breathing.
All classes are good for all levels, with our blend hard and soft yoga.
All classes are graduate level.
All classes are group lessons with an emphasis on individual attention.
All classes are hands on and are taught by experienced instructors.
All classes are hands on and limited to five or six students.
All classes are hands on with limited classroom size to facilitate individual attention.
All classes are hands on, with a computer for each student.
All classes are hands on.
All classes are hands-on and interactive.
All classes are hands-on and require a lot of class participation.
All classes are hands-on oriented.
All classes are hands-on, unless designated as a seminar.
All classes are hands-on.
All classes are here unless the owners vote to go further and allow advertising.
All classes are highly interactive.
All classes are highly supervised.
All classes are in a group format.
All classes are in architecturally accessible facilities.
All classes are in Atlanta.
All classes are in English unless otherwise noted.
All classes are in English.
All classes are in French, and there is a discount tuition rate for Colorado high school teachers.
All classes are in German and students enrolling at Berlin can expect a rigorous course of study.
All classes are in German language and intended for students of all faculties.
All classes are in large ring.
All classes are in our two Newton, MA locations.
All classes are in session.
All classes are in Spanish but many of the readings are in English.
All classes are in the computer lab.
All classes are in the in the gymnasium.
All classes are in the large pool.
All classes are in the old gym.
All classes are in the small pool.
All classes are in the synagogue unless otherwise noted.
All classes are in the workshop format.
All classes are individualized to meet the specific needs of the student.
All classes are instructor led conducted in a live classroom environment.
All classes are instructor led, hands-on workshops and enrollment is limited so sign up early.
All classes are instructor-led.
All classes are in-studio watercolor, emphasis on color, includes figure, floral and landscape.
All classes are interactive and deal with practical writing situations found in the workplace.
All classes are interactive and utilize the techniques of accelerated learning.
All classes are interactive seminars.
All classes are interactive, and students are often asked for their opinions and contributions.
All classes are interdisciplinary and most are team-taught.
All classes are introductory.
All classes are late afternoon and evening.
All classes are lead by caring, experienced, enthusiastic instructors.
All classes are lecture style and meet twice a week.
All classes are limited and subject to availability.
All classes are limited in size, so early registration is encouraged.
All classes are limited to eight dogs per class.
All classes are limited to one participant per computer.
All classes are limited to six participants, and prices include equipment.
All classes are limited to sixteen students with one computer per student.
All classes are live and involve interactive audio, video and software sharing applications.
All classes are mandatory .
All classes are mandatory.
All classes are 'mixed ability' classes.
All classes are mixed ability, catering for beginners to advanced students.
All classes are modified classes.
All classes are multiage groupings that allow children to work at their own pace.
All classes are multi-grade.
All classes are multi-graded, from primary to senior.
All classes are multi-level.
All classes are nature oriented and conducted outdoors.
All classes are nine weeks unless noted.
All classes are non credit, offered for personal and professional growth and enjoyment.
All classes are non-credit and are offered according to interest demands from semester to semester.
All classes are non-credit and open to students, staff, faculty, and general public.
All classes are non-credit and vary from semester to semester.
All classes are non-credit.
All classes are now full with waiting lists .
All classes are of the seminar type.
All classes are off to a good start.
All classes are offered during the evenings and a conversational approach is emphasized.
All classes are on a drop-in basis.
All Classes are on a drop-in basis.
All classes are on a first come first serve basis, so register early to assure a spot.
All classes are on a first come first serve system.
All classes are on a first-come basis.
All classes are on an as-needed basis.
All classes are on campus.
All classes are on schedule.
All classes are on the semester system.
All classes are on weekends or during evening hours.
All classes are one coupon, with the exception of the yoga classes, which are two coupons.
All classes are one day in length unless otherwise noted.
All classes are one go-round each.
All classes are one hour in length unless otherwise noted.
All classes are one hour in length, unless otherwise noted in the course description.
All classes are one hour in length.
All classes are one hour long unless otherwise noted.
All classes are one hour long.
All classes are one hour with a low student instructor ratio.
All classes are one hour, once a week, after school.
All classes are one month long.
All classes are one on one with videotape analysis included.
All classes are one or two days a week, usually in the morning, but sometimes in the afternoon.
All classes are one semester long and begin when the semester does.
All classes are one week long.
All classes are one year in duration unless indicated otherwise.
All classes are one-day offerings unless noted.
All classes are ongoing every month.
All classes are ongoing.
All classes are only six months or less in duration.
All classes are on-site in Utah.
All classes are open - but please register early in case they fill up.
All classes are open classes unless specified as amateur classes.
All classes are open for enrollment to all adult students.
All classes are open for observation.
All classes are open free to the public.
All classes are open to acoustic or electric guitar players.
All classes are open to all levels and no partner is needed.
All classes are open to all levels of expertise.
All classes are open to all staff.
All classes are open to all students, faculty, and staff.
All classes are open to all students, provided that applicable prerequisites are completed.
All classes are open to all students.
All classes are open to amateur gardeners.
All classes are open to any interested participant.
All classes are open to any registered attendee.
All classes are open to anyone and free of charge.
All classes are open to anyone interested in yoga.
All classes are open to anyone.
All classes are open to beginners.
All classes are open to both males and females.
All classes are open to both men and women unless otherwise noted.
All classes are open to boys and girls.
All classes are open to everyone, and visitors are always welcome to observe.
All classes are open to horses and ponies.
All classes are open to majors and non-majors.
All classes are open to members and non-members.
All classes are open to members and prospective members.
All classes are open to members first.
All classes are open to men and women for credit.
All classes are open to men and women.
All classes are open to new people at all times.
All classes are open to parents at all times.
All classes are open to students junior high age or older, unless otherwise noted.
All classes are open to students junior high age or older.
All classes are open to the general public.
All classes are open to the public but participants are encouraged to register in advance.
All classes are open to the public on a drop-in basis.
All classes are open to the public, and no advance registration is required.
All classes are open to the public.
All classes are opposed to the government, even the capitalists themselves.
All classes are optional, and can occur in any order.
All classes are organised to give a practical application to all theory.
All classes are part-time, held in the evenings or over weekends.
All classes are payable in advance.
All classes are prepared to support persistence in two different ways.
All classes are private and the ceilings are extremely high.
All classes are private.
All classes are progressive.
All classes are rain or shine.
All classes are rich in subject matter and in intellectual Christian community.
All classes are rigorous and demanding.
All classes are self-contained classes.
All classes are self-paced and suitable for active and less active exercisers.
All classes are seminars, generally limited to ten students.
All classes are separate for boys and girls.
All classes are setup and do their job.
All classes are six weeks unless noted.
All classes are small and based on discussion of classic texts, but differ in significant ways.
All classes are small and emphasize personal instruction.
All classes are small and individual attention is a priority.
All classes are small and personalized with a maximum of eight students.
All classes are small and personalized.
All classes are small from three to ten is normal.
All classes are small with only one person per computer for maximum hands-on computer time.
All classes are small, and enrollment is limited.
All classes are small, and teachers encourage intellectual dialogue.
All classes are small, fostering personalized attention and interaction.
All classes are small, interactive groups taught by faculty.
All classes are small, with a ratio of one adult to every two children.
All classes are small, with practice time on the computers included.
All classes are small.
All classes are still open for registration.
All classes are student centered and encourage independent thinking.
All classes are student-centered and encourage independent thinking.
All classes are subject to a class size minimum.
All classes are subject to a minimum and maximum enrollment.
All classes are subject to a minimum enrollment requirement of four students.
All classes are subject to administrative audit at any time during the semester .
All classes are subject to administrative audit at any time during the semester.
All classes are subject to availability of instructors.
All classes are subject to being videotaped.
All classes are subject to cancellation and all fees are subject to change.
All classes are subject to cancellation as a result of insufficient registration.
All classes are subject to cancellation due to inclement weather or staff emergency.
All classes are subject to cancellation due to insufficient registration.
All classes are subject to cancellation due to lack of attendance.
All Classes are subject to cancellation due to low enrollment.
All classes are subject to cancellation if enrollment is insufficient.
All classes are subject to cancellation or rescheduling based on enrollment.
All classes are subject to cancellation, due to limited enrollment and are free of charge.
All classes are subject to cancellation, pending the number of class registrants.
All classes are subject to cancellation.
All Classes are subject to change based on instructor availability and demand.
All classes are subject to change due to enrollment.
All classes are subject to change due to participation and instructor availability.
All classes are subject to change or cancellation.
All classes are subject to change without notice by the college.
All classes are subject to change.
All Classes are subject to change.
All classes are subject to changes, call park for details.
All classes are subject to minimal enrollment.
All classes are subject to minimum class size requirements.
All classes are subject to participation levels.
All classes are subject to schedule changes and class size limitations.
All classes are suitable for both males and females.
All classes are suitable for new attendees and visitors.
All classes are team taught by two instructors.
All classes are team-taught.
All classes are tentative and subject to enrollment.
All classes are tentative.
All classes are three credit hours.
All classes are three credits.
All classes are three hours in length.
All classes are three hours unless indicated otherwise.
All classes are three quarter units of credit.
All classes are to be counted when averaging for honor rolls.
All classes are to be designed with the participants' safety and fitness levels in mind.
All classes are to be paid for in advance and a down payment is due upon registration.
All classes are to meet during the Examination Period at the time shown in the examination schedule.
All classes are transferable to four-year colleges and universities.
All classes are two hours in length.
All classes are two hours long.
All classes are two-gaited classes.
All classes are under the direction of Christian teachers with state certification.
All classes are unlocked in each, and the characters are way too overpowered.
All classes are welcome and encouraged to attend.
All classes are welcome from pee wees to quads to pros to women to vets, all ages, all abilities.
All classes are welcome to watch.
All classes are welcome.
All classes are wheel chair accessible.
All classes are wheelchair accessible.
All classes are wheelchair-accessible unless noted otherwise.
All classes are within the upper limits of class sizes for all year levels.
All classes are within walking distance of the hotel.
All classes attend a weekly chapel service.
All classes attend computer lab at least once a week for word processing.
All Classes be ready to begin at our first meeting.
All classes begin .
All classes begin and end on time.
All classes begin in church followed by classroom instruction.
All classes begin on the hour , please make every effort to be on time.
All classes begin on the hour , so please make every effort to be on time.
All classes begin on time.
All classes begin promptly at the stated times.
All classes begin promptly at the times listed.
All classes begin promptly.
All classes begin the first week of the term, and all have syllabi, schedules, exams, papers, etc.
All classes begin the first week of the term.
All classes begin the week after next.
All classes begin when scheduled.
All classes begin with a question and answer period.
All classes begin with a warm-up and end with a cool down and stretching.
All classes begin with a warm-up and end with stretching and relaxation exercise.
All classes begin with a warn-up, which is very important for children's safety.
All classes begin with stretching, strengthening and centering exercises.
All classes begin, day and evening.
All classes begin.
All classes bring grammar books.
All classes can choose a submachine gun.
All classes can choose the shotgun.
All classes Collect books, sign out, etc.
All classes combine aerobics and weight lifting for all different levels.
All classes combine classroom instruction with field trips and weekend excursions.
All classes combine theory with practice so that students gain a sense of leadership as praxis.
All classes come with complete source code and a comprehensive documentation.
All classes come with curriculums and materials.
All classes consist of breathing exercises, yoga postures and deep relaxation.
All classes consist of individual students with different personalities and interests.
All classes consist of lessons.
All classes consist of prepointe and beginning pointe work.
All classes continue to work on scale singing and reading basic rhythm patterns.
All classes crowd the starting line.
All classes defined by means of defstruct are instances of structure-class .
All classes defined by means of defstruct are instances of the class structure-class .
All classes derived from a base class inherit the capabilities of that base class.
All classes develop skills in listening, speaking, reading, writing, grammar, and vocabulary.
All classes develop skills in speaking, listening, reading and writing.
All classes do have small groups.
All Classes doclet.
All classes elect representatives, and students are encouraged to become members.
All classes emphasize a functional use of the language.
All classes emphasize basic steps, rhythms, leads and follows.
All classes emphasize client autonomy and confidentially.
All classes emphasize discussion and classroom dialogue rather than pure lecture.
All classes emphasize the military method.
All classes emphasize writing, group work, and different forms of public speaking.
All classes encourage both male and female students to enroll.
All classes encourage youth to learn by doing.
All classes end.
All classes enjoy a daily music class and playground time.
All classes experience losing track of some of their members.
All classes extend learning and utilize area resources through field trip experiences.
All classes feature live music.
All classes fill on a space available basis.
All classes fit together.
All classes focus on a weekly central theme.
All classes focus on building strong technique but there is a strong emphasis on having fun.
All classes focus on learning by doing.
All classes focus on management and leadership principles.
All classes focus on the integration of principles, practice, and application.
All classes focus on the newest standards, techniques, and materials.
All classes follow a broad curriculum of religious education.
All classes follow a similar format.
All classes foster the skills of communication and understanding in a second language.
All classes give a cardiovascular work-out, as well as muscle conditioning and toning.
All classes go rain or shine.
All classes go to music twice a week.
All classes grow bedding plants from seeds.
All classes hail thee, the glory of our cheers.
All classes have a daily French lesson, which varies in length according to the age of the children.
All classes have a different menu.
All classes have a lesson based on the same scriptures each week.
All classes have a limit on enrollment.
All classes have a limited enrollment and early registration is suggested.
All classes have a limited enrollment.
All classes have a minimum and maximum number of registrants.
All classes have a minimum number of students based on instructor salary and material expense.
All classes have a prayer partner who prays for the teacher and the students.
All classes have a regular and a challenge group in mathematics.
All classes have a scheduled computer lab time once a week.
All classes have a small student-teacher ratio.
All classes have a teacher and an assistant.
All classes have a teaching assistant.
All classes have a zero credit lab where classroom lecture is put to use.
All classes have access to internet and network facilities.
All classes have an extensive laboratory component.
All classes have availability now but are filling up fast.
All classes have classroom assistants who are graduates of the training.
All classes have computers in the classroom.
All classes have computers with a children's publishing program installed.
All classes have daily access to computers in their own classrooms.
All classes have enrollment caps, so early registration is encouraged to ensure a place.
All classes have forty-five minutes except third period which accommodates the lunch schedule.
All classes have free play after the work cycles have been completed.
All classes have limited enrollment, and many fill up quickly.
All classes have limited enrollment.
All classes have limited enrollments and are filled on a first-come basis.
All classes have maximum enrollments.
All classes have minimum and maximum enrollment limits.
All classes have one printer, connected to the working computer.
All classes have regular periods at the library and students are able to withdraw books.
All classes have regular social gatherings and are committed to serving the community.
All classes have specific rules and guidelines that determine eligibility.
All classes have the same total hours and include the test.
All classes have to be downloaded and verified before the applet starts.
All classes have to be paid for reservation with our courtesy counter.
All classes have weekly classroom guidance week for a half hour during their specials time.
All classes incorporate adult learning styles.
All classes incorporate the latest technological advancements in course content.
All classes integrate technology into the regular coursework.
All classes integrate technology into the regular curriculum.
All classes invite guest artists to participate in the program.
All classes invite students to practice on a walk-in basis.
All classes involve hands-on training as well as classroom instruction by racing professionals.
All classes involve themselves in different service activities that vary from year to year.
All classes last approximately one hour.
All classes last one hour.
All classes last two semesters.
All classes last two weeks unless otherwise indicated.
All classes lead directly towards a bachelor s degree in community health.
All classes list dates and times.
All classes listed are half-year.
All classes listed are open to women only unless noted.
All classes listed below are subject to change.
All classes maintain a low teacher-student ratio.
All classes make frequent and regular trips, usually as part of a project.
All classes meet after the student's regular weekday school, or during the weekend.
All classes meet at our training facility unless stated otherwise in the course description.
All classes meet at the church on a love offering basis, unless otherwise specified.
All classes meet at the shop.
All classes meet continually and no haughtiness results from differences in social position.
All classes meet daily for full credit.
All classes meet during the day and can be scheduled to meet the student's needs.
All classes meet each day.
All classes meet first day at the pool.
All classes meet five times per week for fifty minutes per period.
All classes meet for approximately one hour and twenty five minutes.
All classes meet for one hour once a week for four weeks.
All classes meet for one hour per week and meet for six weeks total.
All classes meet four times a week.
All classes meet in hands-on labs.
All classes meet in small groups.
All classes meet in the aerobics studio.
All classes meet in the evening.
All classes meet in the late afternoon or evening.
All classes meet in the morning.
All classes meet in the valley and at affordable costs.
All classes meet on a seven period bell schedule.
All classes meet on campus.
All classes meet on North Campus.
All classes meet on Northwestern s Chicago campus.
All classes meet on the same night each week for better scheduling.
All classes meet on the second floor of the children s wing.
All classes meet on the second floor of the education building.
All classes meet on the weekends.
All classes meet once a week for one hour.
All classes meet once a week.
All classes meet once weekly, in late afternoons and early evenings.
All classes meet one night per week for four hours.
All classes meet only on the weekends.
All classes meet or exceed current national standards.
All classes meet regularly with the deans and administrators to discuss student concerns.
All classes meet to turn in books, complete course evaluations, check-out.
All classes meet together for all seminars.
All classes meet together for singing and worship first before splitting off into separate groups.
All classes meet twice a week for one and a half hour periods.
All classes meet twice a week.
All classes meet two nights per week for both the fall and spring semesters.
All classes meet weekday evenings.
All classes meet, but for a shorter period of time.
All classes meet, no holiday.
All classes meet.
All classes meets daily for full credit.
All classes mingle in the ranks, and all ages. . . .
All classes mingle together because they live so close together.
All classes now have their own webpage .
All classes offer a discount for seniors.
All classes offer optional graduation flights.
All classes offer warm-up, stretch, toning, aerobic and cool down routines set to lively music.
All classes offered are free of charge.
All classes offered by the following agencies are free.
All classes officially begin one month prior to the first weekend of class.
All classes operate subject to sufficient enrollment at the time of admission.
All classes participate in shaping dominant ideology.
All classes participate in weekly library time on a regularly scheduled basis.
All classes perform in a free-exercise form of dance in the yearly recital.
All classes place a great deal of emphasis on writing skills and student participation.
All classes post an introduction.
All classes promote teamwork, cooperation, honesty, sportsmanship, fitness and social development.
All classes provide English practice in social and academic situations.
All classes provide participants with hands-on practice.
All classes provide students with a well rounded knowledge of their machine and accessories.
All classes provide time for spelling activities as scheduled.
All classes receive four credits and meet once a week.
All classes receive guidance once a week for part or all of the year.
All classes receive regular email.
All classes receive the monthly newsletter.
All classes register using the same reference number.
All classes regularly visit the public libraries and take curriculum related field trips.
All classes relate to cinema.
All classes rely heavily on cooperative learning techniques.
All classes require a constructor .
All classes require a department placement slip .
All classes require a minimum registration.
All classes require a reservation in advance.
All classes require advance enrollment.
All classes require advance registration and phone interview.
All classes require advance registration and there is an instructor s fee.
All classes require advance registration.
All classes require advance reservations.
All classes require advanced registration.
All classes require after school rehearsals and performances.
All classes require attendance.
ALL classes require basic knowledge of web navigation.
All classes require basic sewing knowledge.
All classes require full payment at time of reservation.
All classes require membership for participation.
All classes require payment by the semester.
All classes require pre-registration , even the free ones.
All classes require pre-registration and full payment of the course fee.
All classes require pre-registration and payment in full at least three weeks prior to the event.
All classes require preregistration and prepayment.
All classes require pre-registration due to limited class sizes.
All classes require preregistration since seating is typically limited.
All classes require pre-registration unless otherwise indicated.
All classes require pre-registration.
All Classes require pre-registration.
All classes require registration and are taken on a first come, first serve basis.
All classes require registration.
All classes require reports, term papers, and presentations that a computer can readily assist with.
All classes require reservations.
All classes require sewing machines.
All classes require some degree of manual dexterity.
All classes require some seat time.
All classes require some writing or out of class activities.
All classes require students to write.
All classes resume at the beginning of the next school day.
All classes resume.
All classes rotate partners.
All classes run every day.
All classes run for approximately one hour, unless otherwise noted .
All classes run for eight weeks.
All classes run for one hour per week for six weeks.
All classes run six weeks.
All classes run with a minimum of three students and a maximum of six students.
All classes see the fog by default.
All classes sell including weanlings, feeders, market hogs, sows and boars.
All classes serve the active form.
All classes shown as starting on the hour actually begin at ten minutes past the hour.
All classes sign up for times to work on various learning activities in the computer lab.
All classes start at the time designated in the schedule.
All classes start from the flag pole in front of the building.
All classes start in the fall semester.
All classes start indoors and then move out to the slopes.
All classes start on time.
All classes start with a demonstration of techniques and examples of projects for that day.
All classes stress ideas and technique.
All classes study congregational history.
All classes successfully completed earn credit toward graduations.
All classes successfully completed earn credit towards graduation.
All classes take field trips during the year.
All classes take field trips to reinforce and enrich their studies.
All classes take place at night and on the weekend.
All classes take place at the White River Valley Museum.
All classes take place in the target language under the guidance of experienced instructors.
All classes take place rain or shine.
All classes take turns picking up litter on campus each week.
All classes taken for non-degree credit require permission of the instructor.
All classes teach conversation, reading and writing.
All classes teach methods for increasing productivity and quality.
All classes teach traditional craftsmanship.
All classes teach various partner dances.
All classes team for special projects and interact frequently.
All classes think that they are the best class.
All classes use a variety of activities to teach the meaning of the word of the month.
All classes use character strings to select options rather than numeric constants.
All classes use double precision floating point as the underlying float type.
All classes use drills to teach game strategy.
All classes use PC compatible platforms and are offered free of charge and on a drop-in basis.
All classes use situations and data unique to the coastal management profession.
All classes use the Bible as a starting point to talk about what is important to children.
All classes use the computer lab regularly for instruction.
All classes use the most current release and the most current technology and information available.
All classes utilize a holistic and interdisciplinary approach.
All classes utilize small group interaction, cooperative learning and hands-on manipulatives.
All classes visit the library each week for instruction and also one time for book check out.
All classes visit the library each week to select books for instructional and personal reading.
All classes visit the library each week.
All classes welcome visitors and newcomers.
All classes welcome visitors.
All classes welcome.
All Classes welcome.
All classes work in a computerized learning environment.
All classes work on stroking technique on forehands, backhands, serves and volleys.
All classes work towards consistency and computation efficiency.
Any class can activate it.
Any class can adopt a protocol and implement the methods the protocol declares.
Any class can be a starting point.
Any class can have an unlimited number of subclasses.
Any class can implement an interface.
Any class can implement the Runnable interface while extending another class.
Any class can join in the search activity.
Any class can use email for collaborative projects with student in other classes.
Any class can use email for collaborative projects with students in other classes.
Any class can use the Soul's powers.
Any class involving computer hardware and software is very time intensive.
Any class involving computer software and hardware is very time intensive.
Any class is available upon request with a class minimum.
Any class is subject to cancellation if there is insufficient registration.
Any class requires a time commitment from the student.
Any classes oriented to data like database design, theory, concepts, accessing are important.
Every class becomes a community unto itself.
Every class begins with a centering or focusing time.
Every class begins with prayer.
Every class builds upon the previous class until the pitcher is making the full motion.
Every class can contribute.
Every class can have fun, except for the scout.
Every class can use volunteers.
Every class carries the message of respect, honor, and pride.
Every class comes as a group to check out books once a week.
Every class comes once a week for storytime or library skills and book checkout.
Every class comes to the library every other week for library instruction and to check out books.
Every class contains fellowship, prayer, praise and teaching.
Every class contributes to the site.
Every class defends itself as well as it can.
Every class defines data that describes the properties of every object.
Every class discovers new ways of using the resource and , usually, new problems.
Every class emphasizes writing and experiential learning .
Every class ends with some kind of free play.
Every class features new compelling examples.
Every class focuses on fun and adventure.
Every class gets to go on at least two field trips every year.
Every class goes to the computer lab three times a week for a half-hour each time.
Every class has a class mailing list created for it automatically.
Every class has a clown.
Every class has a copy constructor.
Every class has a couple of students receive higher grades by virtue of attendance.
Every class has a default constructor.
Every class has a destructor.
Every class has a few Internet greyhounds looking to race ahead.
Every class has a head of class who has to do a lot of administrative work.
Every class has a lecture and lab component.
Every class has a manual that can be downloaded on their desktop.
Every class has a part in preparing Easter Baskets to deliver to the elderly in Fairbanks.
Every class has a personality.
Every class has a pointer to itself.
Every class has a project focus where students apply what they are learning.
Every class has a semester of health instruction.
Every class has a single metaclass.
Every class has a teacher, an assistant teacher, and an after-school teacher.
Every class has a weekly swimming lesson withour own swimming teacher.
Every class has an assigned media center time each week.
Every class has an elected representative who raise issues on behalf of theirpeers.
Every class has an instructor who facilitates the class.
Every class has extensive unit testing that ensures it is doing what it is supposed to do.
Every class has it's dill.
Every class has it's place for someone at sometime.
Every class has more material than the professor can ever finish.
Every class has one base class.
Every class has one or more constructor functions, which properly initialize new objects.
Every class has requirements.
Every class has some form of pistol or smaller secondary gun.
Every class has some sort of lower class gun, i.e., a pistol, or smaller secondary gun.
Every class has their own homepage.
Every class has time set aside for reading lessons.
Every class has to count toward the degree.
Every class has two hours computer lessons in a week.
Every class has two periods of art a week.
Every class hopes they can raise enough money to complete their gift.
Every class includes a library of instantly available resources.
Every class includes many students, and each student takes several classes.
Every class includes speaking, listening, reading, writing, grammar and study skills.
Every class inherits ANY by default, unless an inheritance clause is included in it.
Every class involves required work, demonstrations, and important information.
Every class is a type.
Every class is a unique experience.
Every class is a unique gathering of diverse backgrounds and personalities.
Every class is also a type and a value.
Every class is also a value and has type Type .
Every class is associated with a protection domain.
Every class is built around an adventure, a theme.
Every class is connected to the Internet.
Every class is defined within a single inheritance hierarchy.
Every class is designed to meet the specific needs of users.
Every class is different as are the needs of individual students within the class.
Every class is different with their own unique gifts and deficiencies.
Every class is different, and often life-long friendships develop.
Every class is different.
Every class is equipped with a computer presentation system and access to the Internet.
Every class is exactly the same, day in and day out.
Every class is filed in a separate application.
Every class is fun to play, though some are harder to master.
Every class is given a special name in our school.
Every class is guaranteed regardless of the number of students enrolled.
Every class is important.
Every class is like a vegetable soup of mixed talent.
Every class is ok.
Every class is open to all fitness levels.
Every class is parent-child interactive, with music, games, dance and storytelling activities.
Every class is part of a package .
Every class is participatory.
Every class is practical with immediate application to ministry.
Every class is pretty different.
Every class is represented during the year on their bulletin board.
Every class is some homework assignments, to be completed by the next class.
Every class is taught by a faculty member with academic credentials.
Every class is taught by a living, breathing, professional in a close up, hands on, environment.
Every class is taught hands on in a way that maximizes event participation and learning.
Every class is team-taught by faculty from various disciplines.
Every class is unfit to govern.
Every class is unique and geared to student's needs.
Every class is very interesting.
Every class is worth a value called a credit hour.
Every class listed in the catalog is offered at least once each year.
Every class makes a wall painting at the school festival.
Every class meets four times per week.
Every class needs a room parent or two to help the teacher and to coordinate classroom celebrations.
Every class now has a Networked PC and access to a scanner, digital camera and choice of printers.
Every class offers lots of time for review and practice.
Every class opens with prayer and a Bible reading.
Every class opens with prayer.
Every class receives music, art and gym instruction each week.
Every class seems to purchase more to fit in socially or mentally.
Every class starts the game with different spells and can learn different ones.
Every class stresses positive health habits.
Every class stresses sound employee relations as well as legal employment practices.
Every class takes a Humanities.
Every class takes care of the processing of a single table in the database.
Every class teaches critical thinking, composition, and research.
Every class uses computers to enhance curriculum.
Many class wins.
Many classes also feature an on-site musician.
Many classes also have exceptional sets tailored for their use.
Many classes also have group sessions to help learn the material.
Many classes also have instructional assistants.
Many classes also support retrieval of individual records by unique key value.
Many classes are acceptable for credit.
Many classes are appropriate for salary step advancement.
Many classes are available evenings and weekends.
Many classes are available in the evening.
Many classes are available in Tulsa.
Many classes are available on relaxation techniques and stress management.
Many classes are available on video or cassette tapes for home study.
Many classes are available optionally for college credit.
Many classes are available via distance education.
Many classes are available.
Many classes are availible with levels ranging form introductory ro advanced studies.
Many classes are build around showing slides to students.
Many classes are complimentary or low in cost.
Many classes are concerned with covering the material.
Many classes are cross-referenced with other departments.
Many classes are for women only, and the best professors and facilities go to the men.
Many classes are free and some charge a modest fee.
Many classes are free, and some require payment of a small fee.
Many classes are free.
Many classes are full or almost full.
Many classes are held in the evening and all instruction is in Spanish.
Many classes are interesting and many teachers capture their students' excitement.
Many classes are large.
Many classes are most effective when participants are at a similar skill level.
Many classes are multidisciplinary.
Many classes are of an introductory nature and require no prior study.
Many classes are only lecture format with little student involvement.
Many classes are open for enrollment throughout the year too.
Many classes are open to students with no prior skills or knowledge.
Many classes are over-crowded and necessary classes often nearly impossible to get into.
Many classes are presentations given by attorneys who helped create the various products.
Many classes are project-oriented.
Many classes are repeated again the following year, others are single-time guest chef opportunities.
Many classes are sequential and have prerequisites.
Many classes are small, allowing for ample opportunity for individual attention and help.
Many classes are small, and professors are accessible.
Many classes are smaller.
Many classes are so popular that they are filled to capacity quickly, especially children's courses.
Many classes are too large.
Many classes average three hours of credit.
Many classes close early.
Many classes contain multiple sections.
Many classes contain only static members, or only non-static.
Many classes create frescoes using images of birds and animals.
Many classes currently have assignments from the same sets of books.
Many classes currently have reunion committees in place.
Many classes define a notion of equality which is different than pointer equality.
Many classes distribute files necessary for classes over the network.
Many classes do know about the library services and schedule formal presentations.
Many classes emphasize working with a partner or in groups.
Many classes enhance the students' opportunities to learn for profit as well as pleasure.
Many classes enjoy social activities and work together on mission projects.
Many classes fall into more than one subject category.
Many classes fill early in the registration period.
Many classes fill quickly and close, so please register early.
Many classes fill quickly however, so sign up early.
Many classes fill quickly, especially during the beginning of the semester.
Many classes fill quickly, so register early.
Many classes fill quickly.
Many classes fill up quickly.
Many classes fill very quickly so get the registration back as soon as possible.
Many classes find use for Seek in the classroom as well, even before it goes home with the students.
Many classes give students the opportunity to do individual projects and papers.
Many classes have a few extra spaces after the registration process is complete.
Many classes have a limited number of spaces available.
Many classes have a minimum registration.
Many classes have an appended video and transcript file.
Many classes have assignments requiring or allowing students to do group projects.
Many classes have assignments turned in electronically.
Many classes have community service projects like visiting shut-ins.
Many classes have course homepages that contain files and links of interest.
Many classes have course-wide listservs.
Many classes have credits divided among different components.
Many classes have full-time aides, and others have mothers and fathers who volunteer to help.
Many classes have interesting and exciting field trips planned for the school year.
Many classes have limited enrollment or fill quickly.
Many classes have limited enrollment, so call soon.
Many classes have limited enrollment.
Many classes have limited space so register at least one week in advance to secure a place.
Many classes have limited spaces availiable.
Many classes have more than one section.
Many classes have pictures and news.
Many classes have prerequisites or require permission from a department or instructor.
Many classes have prerequisites.
Many classes have student presentations as part of the course.
Many classes have two instructors for rapid and personal response.
Many classes have Web-based course material and support.
Many classes have weekly scheduled chats.
Many classes hold a class party prior to the banquet.
Many classes incorporate advanced technology, online discussion groups and field study.
Many classes incorporate real-world problems into the class activities.
Many classes incorporate the English environment into the syllabi.
Many classes invite local persons with a German connection to come and speak in their classes.
Many classes involve active participation in sport and fitness activities.
Many classes involve both classroom and field work.
Many classes involve case studies, role playing, business exercises, and practical research studies.
Many classes like to create objects in a known initial state.
Many classes maintain listserve addresses.
Many classes make use of more than one classroom.
Many classes meet for eighty minutes.
Many classes meet here.
Many classes meet in evenings and on weekends during the year.
Many classes meet in the evenings and on weekends to better serve students with other obligations.
Many classes meet one night per week.
Many classes meet one time each week for eight weeks.
Many classes meet on-site at some of New York s top hotels and restaurants.
Many classes never meet on campus.
Many classes now integrate the Internet as a medium of instruction and communication.
Many classes now use web-enhanced teaching methods .
Many classes offer advanced placement options at area community colleges and technical colleges.
Many classes offer close faculty-student interaction in which everyone can fully participate.
Many classes offer computer experiences, as indicated.
Many classes offer live fire exercises as a part of the curriculum.
Many classes offer non-paid internships.
Many classes offer opportunities for class discussion by small groups of students.
Many classes offer students the opportunity to do internship in the local area.
Many classes offer the opportunity for individualized instruction and hands-on experience.
Many classes override the default equals method to do something more useful.
Many classes participate in the cross-age buddy program.
Many classes provide practical experience through hands-on projects.
Many classes qualify for teacher re-certification credit.
Many classes reach maximum capacity after the first days of registration.
Many classes redefine the print message to display more specific information about the object.
Many classes redefine the print message.
Many classes require a few on-campus sessions.
Many classes require a textbook for class or other materials .
Many classes require access to a computer in order to complete various assignments.
Many classes require additional lab hours.
Many classes require advance preparation.
Many classes require computer use, including many first-year seminar courses.
Many classes require individual and group presentations.
Many classes require prerequisites or equivalent experience.
Many classes require some work outside class.
Many classes require students' homework to conform to an assignment standard .
Many classes require students to purchase books or materials.
Many classes require team projects and emphasize managing by innovation and entrepreneurialism.
Many classes run from the middle of one month to the middle of the next month.
Many classes run youth championships at National and regional levels.
Many classes still follow that schedule.
Many classes take advantage of Chicago's resources through field trips.
Many classes touch on issues in the news.
Many classes try to visit a pool in each of the seasons to observe cycles and changes.
Many classes use multimedia as a project in their curriculum.
Many classes use small group activities and discussions to reinforce material.
Many classes use small-group workstations that include computers and other resources.
Many classes use the facilities.
Many classes use videos and computer CD's for visual training in class and at home.
Many classes visit corporate headquarters and operations.
Many classes work together to plan, plant, tend to, harvest and cook food from the garden.
More classes are in organising.
More classes are under development.
More classes catering to gifted and advanced students are also available.
More classes focusing on various cultures have to be available.
More classes give more opportunities.
More classes make recognition of the symbology difficult.
More classes require more space.
Most classes usually meet three times a week, every other day.
Most class are approximately one hour.
Most class is scheduled at least once per session.
Most classes accept students anytime, when space is available.
Most classes afford discussion and dialogue.
Most classes aim for a strong introduction to international trade and logistics.
Most classes already have summer and fall posted.
Most classes also have a mid term examination near the middle of the semester.
Most classes also involve seeking answers to some typical questions in a given subject.
Most classes also involve the discussion of two or more readings.
Most classes are a combination of lecture and hands-on opportunities.
Most classes are a combination of lecture, demonstrations, and hands-on practice.
Most classes are a semester in lenght, though many can be repeated.
Most classes are a total of at least three units, so the cost difference is significant.
Most classes are a year long.
Most classes are also available on the Internet.
Most classes are an hour long.
Most classes are approximately one hour long and offered at no cost.
Most classes are available for PCs and MACs.
Most classes are available in both English and Spanish.
Most classes are available in one of several independent study formats.
Most classes are available in the evenings or on weekends.
Most classes are available on a regular basis, and are kept small.
Most classes are available to matriculated, certificate, and other interested students.
Most classes are available to the general public.
Most classes are college prep with four tracks per academic subject, including advanced placement.
Most classes are composite classes.
Most classes are drop-in and ongoing.
Most classes are eight weeks in duration, with no exams, assignments or prerequisites.
Most classes are equivalent to three credit hours.
Most classes are evenings or weekends on campus.
Most classes are fairly small, and there is a friendly relationship between students and staff.
Most classes are fee-based, with scholarships available.
Most classes are free and taught by student peer trainers.
Most classes are free except for some lab or book fees.
Most classes are free of charge, and meet in churches, schools, community centers, and libraries.
Most classes are free of charge.
Most classes are free or offered at a low cost.
Most classes are free to members, except where otherwise noted.
Most classes are free to the public.
Most classes are free unless otherwise indicated in the schedule of classes.
Most classes are free, or charge only a small fee for books and materials.
Most classes are FREE, unless otherwise specified.
Most classes are free.
Most classes are fully interactive.
Most classes are fully web-based, but some require a video component.
Most classes are hands-on sessions.
Most classes are hands-on, and no prerequisites are required.
Most classes are hands-on.
Most classes are held during the day, but some are held on nights and weekends.
Most classes are held in the evening, so students can attend school and keep their day jobs.
Most classes are in Atlanta, Charleston or Miami.
Most classes are in the afternoon and evening.
Most classes are in the evening, after work, but some are in the morning and afternoon.
Most classes are in the evenings and some weekends.
Most classes are in the form of lectures or seminars.
Most classes are in the morning.
Most classes are individualized and self-paced to accommodate learning needs.
Most classes are informal with small group instruction.
Most classes are intense three consecutive day sessions.
Most classes are lecture format.
Most classes are limited to ten children.
Most classes are number based.
Most classes are off-site.
Most classes are on a suggested sliding scale donation basis.
Most classes are one day in length, and they are offered on a variety of days.
Most classes are one day, some are in the evening.
Most classes are One day.
Most classes are one hour in length.
Most classes are one hour long.
Most classes are one or two days long.
Most classes are one or two days.
Most classes are one-day unless otherwise indicated.
Most classes are on-going and meet three hours a week for eight weeks.
Most classes are open to accommodate visitors who are in Hawaii even for a short time.
Most classes are open to adults without any prior preparation.
Most classes are open to all.
Most classes are open to beginning students.
Most classes are open to the public and can be modified to meet the needs of the participants.
Most classes are outside.
Most classes are over for the week.
Most classes are self-contained with kindergarten through the sixth grade heterogeneously grouped.
Most classes are seminars with much opportunity for student-faculty interchange.
Most classes are small allowing for individual attention.
Most classes are small informal seminars.
Most classes are small so the students have an equal chance with the teacher.
Most classes are small, allowing for personal attention.
Most classes are small, allowing students to interact with the instructor and the other students.
Most classes are small, allowing the students to interact with the instructor and each other.
Most classes are small, focusing on student work and revision.
Most classes are small, focusing on student work and revisions.
Most classes are small, providing a high degree of individual instruction and advising.
Most classes are small.
Most classes are student-centered and emphasize teamwork.
Most classes are three credit hours each.
Most classes are three credit hours.
Most classes are three hours.
Most classes are transferable to four-year colleges and universities.
Most classes are twelve weeks long, although some shorter classes are offered.
Most classes are two hours in length and meet once each week for five weeks.
Most classes are two hours in length.
Most classes are two-hours long over several weeks.
Most classes are walk-in.
Most classes are weather dependent.
Most classes average three days in length for pre - press and two days for business applications.
Most classes build upon the basis of what they get.
Most classes carry three semester hours of credit.
Most classes cater for beginners or advanced students.
Most classes change topics on a quarterly basis.
Most classes charge minimal fees.
Most classes combine classroom and outdoor field work.
Most classes come to the computer lab twice a week to learn computer and typing skills.
Most classes comprise student presentations about their ongoing research.
Most classes consist of a mix of students with widely varying English language proficiency.
Most classes consist of instruction, followed by hands-on, supervised practice.
Most classes culminate in individual or group projects.
Most classes do have take home material so it is advisable to bring a diskette.
Most classes emphasize one area, and offer a little of each of the other two.
Most classes end when the teacher has finished lecturing.
Most classes experience considerable variation in class morale.
Most classes fall into four basic areas.
Most classes fall into two categories, state supported and self supported.
Most classes fall into two categories, studies courses and seminars.
Most classes feature seminar-style discussion.
Most classes focus on pre-World War II acoustic blues.
Most classes follow state-transition rules for accessing the database.
Most classes get to do some things with groups.
Most classes have a comment with some description of themselves.
Most classes have a maximum limit.
Most classes have a number of times for the discussions.
Most classes have a significant laboratory portion.
Most classes have a tentative schedule for the next year or so.
Most classes have additional fees for take-home textbooks or materials.
Most classes have an associated fee.
Most classes have an instructor and an aide to assist students.
Most classes have an open enrollment policy, which means the student can start at any time.
Most classes have between three and eight sites connected for one class session.
Most classes have graduate credit or PTSB credit available.
Most classes have handouts and reading lists.
Most classes have limited enrollment.
Most classes have only two reserve days in their six day programmes.
Most classes have prerequisites.
Most classes have six to eight students, some as few as three.
Most classes have small enrollment.
Most classes have tests embedded in the course.
Most classes have three groups.
Most classes have twenty or more students.
Most classes have under twenty students, providing for more interaction.
Most classes have waiting lists.
Most classes have weekly scheduled chats.
Most classes here meet four mornings a week with most laboratories scheduled in the afternoon.
Most classes incorporate muscle conditioning into classes.
Most classes increase All but two classes increased their number of market listings.
Most classes involve group discussion.
Most classes involve hands-on training with one or two people per machine.
Most classes involve hands-on training with one or two persons per machine.
Most classes involve multiple field trips.
Most classes involve some team projects.
Most classes last one to three days, with technical administration courses running one to two weeks.
Most classes make extensive use of publicly owned nature areas as well.
Most classes meet at night or over several weekends.
Most classes meet at the school.
Most classes meet during the day, but a limited number of evening classes are also available.
Most classes meet every other day.
Most classes meet five hours a week, and enrolled students earn five quarter hours of credit.
Most classes meet five periods per week, yielding five credits.
Most classes meet for an average of three hours each week.
Most classes meet for approximately two hours each day either in the morning or early afternoon.
Most classes meet for eight weeks.
Most classes meet for four hours one night per week.
Most classes meet for just one intensive two-hour period.
Most classes meet for multiple sessions.
Most classes meet for three and one-half hours per weekend and earn three semester credit hours.
Most classes meet for three and one-half hours per weekend.
Most classes meet for three hours one night per week.
Most classes meet for three hours, once a week.
Most classes meet for two hours in the evening once or twice a week for eight weeks.
Most classes meet for two hours, four days a week for six weeks or three weeks.
Most classes meet for two hours, one day a week for four to six weeks.
Most classes meet general education requirements transferable for a bachelors degree.
Most classes meet general education requirements.
Most classes meet in the early evening for the convenience of students with daytime employment.
Most classes meet in the evening with some classes in the afternoon or on weekends.
Most classes meet in the evenings, and many students take two classes in one evening.
Most classes meet in the morning so that students can use the afternoon to explore the city.
Most classes meet on a weekly basis, but some concentrated workshops are available.
Most classes meet on alternate weekends for seven sessions during a fifteen-week time frame.
Most classes meet on campus.
Most classes meet on the hour and end ten minutes to the hour.
Most classes meet once a week for approximately three hours.
Most classes meet once a week for one hour.
Most classes meet once a week for three hours during the early evening.
Most classes meet once a week for three to four hours.
Most classes meet once a week for two and one-half to three hours.
Most classes meet once a week for two hours.
Most classes meet once a week, in either the morning, afternoon or evening.
Most classes meet once a week.
Most classes meet once each week for seven weeks.
Most classes meet once in a six-day cycle.
Most classes meet once or twice a week in the evenings or on the weekend.
Most classes meet once or twice a week.
Most classes meet once per week for a six week period.
Most classes meet once per week.
Most classes meet one night each week.
Most classes meet one time each week for eight weeks.
Most classes meet only two to three times a week.
Most classes meet rain or shine, be prepared and dressed appropriately for all weather.
Most classes meet three hours per week in a single session, both day and evening.
Most classes meet twice a week.
Most classes meet twice each week.
Most classes meet twice weekly for four weeks.
Most classes meet two evenings each week for three hours.
Most classes meet two hours a day, five days a week.
Most classes meet two hours a week for one hour of credit.
Most classes meet two times a week.
Most classes occur on campus on evenings or weekends.
Most classes offer a lab, taking place in the field.
Most classes offer at least one special honors section each term.
Most classes offer new sessions each month.
Most classes offered within the state system are half-day sessions.
Most classes override the method with a more appropriate method.
Most classes place a heavy emphasis on collaboration and team work.
Most classes prepare individuals for employment, or upgrade workers already employed.
Most classes recognize it after ten cubes.
Most classes require a basic knowledge of how to use a computer and a mouse.
Most classes require a book.
Most classes require a small fee.
Most classes require a textbook.
Most classes require adhesive, scissors, a black journaling pen, and a ruler.
Most classes require cooperative learning and hands-on learning.
Most classes require no preparation from week to week in order to participate.
Most classes require pre-registration.
Most classes require registration.
Most classes require text books and the cost varies with each class.
Most classes require text books and the cost varies with each course.
Most classes require working on a real-world problem with local businesses as clients.
Most classes retain the same number from year to year.
Most classes run about two hours and are held on campus.
Most classes run about two hours.
Most classes run for eight weeks.
Most classes run for nine weeks.
Most classes run for one hour and a half.
Most classes run in tandem with their respective laboratory practica.
Most classes run in the evening, but there are also some day classes.
Most classes run just five weeks.
Most classes run on standard gasoline, but the top class AA engines burn alcohol.
Most classes run three hours a day, three days a week.
Most classes start anew beginning of each month.
Most classes start in the late afternoon or evening.
Most classes start twice a year.
Most classes still involve a professor standing in front of a group of students and lecturing.
Most classes swim daily during the season.
Most classes take one or two breaks during the class.
Most classes take place evenings or weekends on campus.
Most classes take place in the evenings.
Most classes then require a proctored mid-term or final exam.
Most classes typically begin with a vocal warm-up.
Most classes use experts after they've studied a topic and they're ready to learn more.
Most classes use one of the words source, drain, reader or writer as a prefix or suffix.
Most classes use the computer lab at least once a week, often more than that.
Most classes vary from a one-week workshop to courses of ten weeks or more each semester.
Some class require students to take tests in a proctored situation.
Some classes already provide a virtual function for certain messages.
Some classes also are available to be completed during evenings and summer sessions.
Some classes also choose to meet at other times and locations throughout the year.
Some classes also compete and find out who has the coolest bus.
Some classes also have fees.
Some classes also have laboratory sessions.
Some classes also have material and book fees.
Some classes also have pets to help out in combat.
Some classes also meet in the evening.
Some classes also offer additional credits.
Some classes also present the opportunity to work with other students explicitly.
Some classes also publish e-newsletters.
Some classes also require a lab fee.
Some classes also require a push button activated flashlight.
Some classes also require additional study guides or workbooks.
Some classes also require an additional charge for a textbook.
Some classes also require department approval and signature.
Some classes are a mix between local students and international students.
Some classes are able to take as many as eight field trips per year.
Some classes are about to be closed.
Some classes are already closed.
Some classes are already full.
Some classes are also available over the internet.
Some classes are appropriate for children.
Some classes are available for variable credit.
Some classes are available in Spanish.
Some classes are available in the evening.
Some classes are available in the summer and winter quarters.
Some classes are available to men and women.
Some classes are available to the public without any charge.
Some classes are complimentary with the membership while other classes have a small fee.
Some classes are continuous, but most have waiting lists.
Some classes are cross listed.
Some classes are eligible for master gardener or advanced master gardener credit.
Some classes are fairly complete while others have little information.
Some classes are for men only.
Some classes are for specific audiences, such as young or single parents.
Some classes are free for staff and students.
Some classes are free to new members .
Some classes are free, while others are offered for a fee.
Some classes are full, and are open only to auditors.
Some classes are hands-on, some demonstration.
Some classes are hybrids of different categories others our purists.
Some classes are in combination with trips.
Some classes are in the general catalogue but are only offered at the professor's discretion.
Some classes are internet based, some are part internet part self-study, some only self study.
Some classes are lecture, some are hands-on.
Some classes are limited in size and enrollment is on a first pay, first serve basis.
Some classes are limited in size, so register early.
Some classes are limited to one entry.
Some classes are limited, so early sign-up is recommended.
Some classes are more chaotic than others, and some are smooth as silk.
Some classes are more research-intensive than others are.
Some classes are much more active and involved than others.
Some classes are much smaller, depending on the topic.
Some classes are on-going and require attendance for the entire set.
Some classes are ongoing, while others are offered at different times and locations.
Some classes are online, or correspondence or telecourse and have special requirements.
Some classes are only offered every other year, so please plan accordingly.
Some classes are parent and child together, some are parents only.
Some classes are parent discussion only while others are parent-child activities.
Some classes are self-paced.
Some classes are set to music.
Some classes are sets.
Some classes are smaller, some larger.
Some classes are stronger than others.
Some classes are subject to cancellation per insufficient enrollment.
Some classes are too large to provide cassette sets for each individual student.
Some classes are two or more grades put together, depending on the number of students.
Some classes are very popular, and are likely to reach capacity.
Some classes assess special fees to cover lab or material costs.
Some classes begin and end at other times.
Some classes begin earlier or later.
Some classes behave as if under effective external fields.
Some classes break down the time spent in lecture and laboratory.
Some classes bring along a dissecting microscope to aid in onsite identification of mussels.
Some classes bring plastic sacks and others simply tote their pumpkins as best they can.
Some classes carry a cox who either sits in the stern or lies in the bow to steer the boat.
Some classes carry a cox, who either sits in the stern or lies in the bow to steer the boat.
Some classes carry a coxswain who either sits in the stern or lies in the bow to steer the boat.
Some classes carry a fee for required instructional materials.
Some classes carry an extra fee for equipment, transportation and instruction.
Some classes charge additional fees to cover the cost of special services or class materials.
Some classes charge course fees for special materials or activities.
Some classes charge fees to cover the cost of materials.
Some classes close quickly.
Some classes collaborate with local companies on projects.
Some classes collect utility methods.
Some classes come for only part of the period.
Some classes contain many lines.
Some classes correspond totally through e-mail or even meet online, while others use snail mail.
Some classes cost more than the amount provided by the fees and others cost less.
Some classes currently have a waiting list.
Some classes deal specifically with writing or illustrating for the children's market.
Some classes develop great interest in one topic, others in another.
Some classes do call for discussions and readings in race or gender.
Some classes do extend beyond the the scheduled time.
Some classes do have pre-requisites, so be sure to check before registering.
Some classes do require an additional fee for lab, supplies, etc.
Some classes do.
Some classes earn enough mileage to make it all the way to Richmond.
Some classes enjoy the spring-like climate by meeting outdoors.
Some classes even encourage social responsibility.
Some classes even offer college credit.
Some classes even sing fight-free songs.
Some classes explore other faiths as well.
Some classes fill by the first week and, even with a referral, no late admission is possible.
Some classes fill early.
Some classes fill quickly and some classess have top be cancelled due to low enrollment.
Some classes fill quickly so it is best to register early.
Some classes fill quickly, only receipt of payment guarantees a place in a class.
Some classes fill quickly, so sign up early to avoid disappointment.
Some classes fill quickly.
Some classes fill up fast, so enroll today.
Some classes fill up quickly, and others are cancelled because of low registration.
Some classes fill up quickly.
Some classes fill up the first day of registration.
Some classes fill very quickly, so register early.
Some classes fit into multiple departments.
Some classes gain bonus feats right off the bat, and some gain bonus feats later on.
Some classes gallop along at a fast pace, whereas others move slowly.
Some classes give mixed messages, but that sorts itself out.
Some classes have a crowd of wraparounds, which is a distraction to other kids.
Some classes have a few slots still open.
Some classes have a large number of participating sites.
Some classes have a material fee.
Some classes have a materials fee.
Some classes have a minimum enrollment set by the instructor.
Some classes have a per-student supply fee, in addition.
Some classes have a required class orientation.
Some classes have a small fee.
Some classes have a supply fee.
Some classes have a weekly rhythm.
Some classes have a wide variety of ages within the class.
Some classes have additional fees for materials.
Some classes have additional fees for the use of laboratories and other facilities.
Some classes have additional fees.
Some classes have additional lab, book, lunch, entertainment, computer program or copier fees.
Some classes have additional software requirements.
Some classes have an added discussion period or laboratory.
Some classes have an extra lab fee.
Some classes have an outdoor component, which requires walking on near campus grounds.
Some classes have both a text and a materials fee.
Some classes have conventional spinnakers, some asymmetric.
Some classes have course fees in addition to the standard tuition charges.
Some classes have fees for materials.
Some classes have fees, please call for fee and scheduling information.
Some classes have fees, which are payable at the class.
Some classes have fees.
Some classes have instructional aide time as well.
Some classes have later add dates.
Some classes have limitations.
Some classes have limited capacity.
Some classes have limited enrollment - early registration is recommended.
Some classes have limited enrollment.
Some classes have limited enrollments.
Some classes have limited seating and require preregistration on a first-come basis.
Some classes have limited space and fill quickly.
Some classes have limited space available.
Some classes have limits on enrollment and give first priority to the department s students.
Some classes have low fees to cover materials or lab fees.
Some classes have mandatory laboratories .
Some classes have mandatory laboratories.
Some classes have minimum and maximum enrollment requisites.
Some classes have modest fees and others are offered free of charge.
Some classes have more boys than girls, but others have more girls than boys.
Some classes have more than one session.
Some classes have more than ten as a result of identical grade point averages which went over ten.
Some classes have mothers' groups where babies stay with their mothers in the core group.
Some classes have multiple parts such as lecture and lab or discussion sections.
Some classes have nominal tuition fees.
Some classes have only two tests, a midterm and a final.
Some classes have other classes as members.
Some classes have prerequisites or software requirements.
Some classes have prerequisites.
Some classes have sections, units, or activities that delve into mind-body health.
Some classes have slices of volumes here.
Some classes have special course fees or require purchases.
Some classes have special fees.
Some classes have special lab and material fees.
Some classes have special policies, such as a five-day cancellation requirement.
Some classes have special prerequisites, which are noted in the course description.
Some classes have special requirements.
Some classes have special web pages.
Some classes have specific admission requirements.
Some classes have specific registration deadline dates listed.
Some classes have state appraisal recertification approvals.
Some classes have supplies included.
Some classes have their own registration forms listed in the class description.
Some classes have their own Web pages on which they describe science experiments and other projects.
Some classes have three video-display panels for projectors connected to the Web.
Some classes have unique capabilities or shortcomings.
Some classes have weapon and armor skill restrictions, as well.
Some classes held here include business, english, philosophy, and political science among others.
Some classes incorporate technology into lessons more than others.
Some classes incorporate the use of multimedia.
Some classes introduce birds.
Some classes involve substantial amounts of additional outside time.
Some classes just require access to the professor and hands on work at the school.
Some classes just seem to perform better than others.
Some classes last the full semester, while some are based on six-week quarter schedules.
Some classes last two periods.
Some classes learn about insects.
Some classes lend themselves to on-line interaction better than others.
Some classes maintain a bulletin board in their classroom where they post a timeline and responses.
Some classes meet after school, others during the evenings.
Some classes meet at different days and times during the week.
Some classes meet at other facilities.
Some classes meet during the day, and others at night.
Some classes meet during the summer.
Some classes meet evenings and weekends.
Some classes meet for multiple periods.
Some classes meet for one-day only and others meet for a series of four to six weeks.
Some classes meet for the full double period on one day and then for a single period on another.
Some classes meet on the third floor.
Some classes meet one evening each week.
Some classes meet only a couple of times during the semester.
Some classes meet only once while others meet twice to cover the topic.
Some classes meet only part of the summer session.
Some classes meet weekly, others meet over the course of an afternoon or lunch.
Some classes move more quickly than others and some get sidetracked on certain topics.
Some classes occasionally use movies or videos to give lesson material.
Some classes offer an additional day of balance and flexibility training.
Some classes offer laboratories or are laboratory classes themselves.
Some classes offer more than on a section, i.e. choice of times, days and instructors.
Some classes offer seating in deluxe observation cars.
Some classes offer university credit.
Some classes only have reserve materials in print.
Some classes only meet once a week.
Some classes operate with co-teachers, and others with a teacher and an aide.
Some classes originate in Arizona while others originate in Florida.
Some classes pose special problems for excitable puppies.
Some classes prohibits electronic compasses.
Some classes provide a link to a home page.
Some classes provide templates for creating new objects.
Some classes reach capacity very quickly.
Some classes read books about grandparents.
Some classes read to each other, write letters, or do art activities together.
Some classes recommend purchasing a textbook in order to obtain maximum benefit from the course.
Some classes redefine the displayInfo message to display additional information.
Some classes rely heavily on team projects.
Some classes rely on the book to supplement a students education.
Some classes require a fee, which is charged to students' accounts at the beginning of the semester.
Some classes require a fee.
Some classes require a great deal of outside work.
Some classes require a lab fee charge.
Some classes require a lab fee in addition to tuition.
Some classes require a lab fee.
Some classes require a lab or studio fee.
Some classes require a material fee.
Some classes require a minimum and maximum number of participants.
Some classes require a minimum number of students to be presented.
Some classes require a nominal fee for supplies.
Some classes require a physician's consent form.
Some classes require a prerequisite course or are part of a limited enrollment program.
Some classes require a small material fee.
Some classes require a textbook or other materials at an additional cost.
Some classes require a textbook.
Some classes require a user name and password.
Some classes require access to an audiocassette player, videocassette player or computer.
Some classes require additional enrollment, departmental and lab fees.
Some classes require additional fees for equipment and transportation.
Some classes require additional fees for materials and supplies used during the course.
Some classes require additional fees to be paid by the participant.
Some classes require additional fees.
Some classes require additional field trip, material, or lab fees to be paid by the participant.
Some classes require additional uniforms, tools or supplies.
Some classes require an additional lab fee.
Some classes require an entry pass, due to a limited amount of equipment.
Some classes require an instructors signature to drop the class.
Some classes require assignments be done on the internet.
Some classes require books.
Some classes require both members of the team.
Some classes require cash only.
Some classes require course work to be done in a laboratory.
Some classes require department screening for enrollment.
Some classes require early registration.
Some classes require enrollment in both a lecture and laboratory section.
Some classes require face to face meeting.
Some classes require fees in addition to standard tuition and fees.
Some classes require lab kits, study aides, audio tapes.
Some classes require learning experiences which focus on self-understanding or growth.
Some classes require mandatory attendance prior to any consideration for parole.
Some classes require material fees.
Some Classes require more hours of work than is reflected in the units.
Some classes require more than one book.
Some classes require more time to get through a unit.
Some classes require more work or effort than others.
Some classes require more work than others.
Some classes require morning or af- ternoon laboratories.
Some classes require nightly work to be successful.
Some classes require on-campus testing.
Some classes require prepayment.
Some classes require pre-registration.
Some classes require prerequisites prior to enrollment.
Some classes require previous academic preparation.
Some classes require previous experience.
Some classes require software.
Some classes require special permission or have mandatory prerequisites.
Some classes require students to come to the campus testing center to take exams.
Some classes require students to have a particular resource.
Some classes require students to purchase safety clothing, personal tools, and pay club dues.
Some classes require successful completion of another class or classes before being taken.
Some classes require textbooks and materials.
Some Classes Require That Books Be Purchased.
Some classes require that papers or projects be placed on the Web for others to view and critique.
Some classes require that participants purchase additional supplies.
Some classes require that students develop web pages as part of the coursework.
Some classes require that students wear safety hats.
Some classes require the purchase of books while others include the book in the published fee.
Some classes require the signature approval on the registration form to enroll.
Some classes require their students to have an account.
Some classes restrict what the owner can build themselves.
Some classes return null for end of file.
Some classes run for one semester, some over two.
Some classes run up to four hours, others are over in two.
Some classes send out hundreds of Stanleys.
Some classes simulate real life activities, such as news conferences and on-camera interviews.
Some classes specify a registration date.
Some classes start before the official semester start date.
Some classes study fish.
Some classes study owls.
Some classes study the wetlands .
Some classes take more preparation before class.
Some classes take place entirely in section.
Some classes tour two businesses in one day, half the group at each business at a time.
Some classes travel around the world, while others meet several hours each day on campus.
Some classes use a combination of technologies.
Some classes use a defined lesson plan to study specific portions of scripture.
Some classes use a required text and require some outside homework.
Some classes use additional software upon instructor request.
Some classes use Blackboard.
Some classes use cgi for projects and learning.
Some classes use chat rooms and bulletin boards, too.
Some classes use computing as an integral part of the course work.
Some classes use dropboxes within class sites.
Some classes use heavy bags and all classes are taught by certified boxing instructors.
Some classes use local newsgroups for communication among the students, instructor, and TAs.
Some classes use software available only in the labs.
Some classes use specialized web sites.
Some classes use the chat feature for virtual meetings.
Some classes use the same pose for three or more hours.
Some classes utilize the Internet in the classroom and have individual websites.
Some classes vary environments by deciding to hold sessions outside in local parks and cafes.
Some classes vary from the regular quarter dates.
Some classes vary in length and duration, and time offerings vary by site.
Some classes work better with a certain browser.
Classes sizes are small so learning is more personal, more interactive.
All classes sizes are limited.
Classic advances are fixed-rate advances with interest due monthly and principal due at maturity.
Classic albinism is a recessive allele.
Classic angina is chest pain that occurs on exertion.
Classic applications continue to exist in their cooperative little world, of course.
Classic applications get a single icon on the task bar.
Classic applications run very well and are just as fast as Carbon apps.
All classic applications take a minor speed hit.
Classic artworks line the halls and walls of a philanthropic oil baron's mansion.
Classic assimilation tends to emphasize that the new immigrants are non-black.
Classic asthma linked to work is often also present.
Classic autism is the more severe of the two.
All classic autos persuade better as frozen, before opposite like none.
All classic automobiles welcome.
Classic beauty feels right at home in any setting and every decorating scheme.
Classic Blues dancing is the easiest way to get started - simple, sultry, and sensuous.
Classic boats are often difficult to find proper castings and other period fixtures.
Classic book explores how and why prejudice occurs and what can be done to change it.
Classic briefcase is fully fabric lined.
Classic buttons tend to be professional, formal and traditional.
Classic cars are great for showing off on special occasions or just whenever.
Classic cars are located in garages.
Classic cars are on display in the school parking lot.
Classic cars cruise the closed-off downtown streets.
Classic cars figure prominently in the films, each posed as still life or picturesque backdrops.
Classic case is methotrexate resistance due to amplification of dihydrofolate reductase gene.
Classic cases involve the kidneys, the lungs, and often the upper airway.
Some classic cases take places.
Classic clothing is never really out of style.
Classic cocktails are fresh tasting and enthusiastically mixed.
Classic colic can set in at two to three months of age and last up until about six months of age.
Classic colors fits all Aussie Saddles.
Classic columns delineate the angled kitchen and dining room.
Classic comedy abounds as the incomparable quartet frolics at the horse races.
Classic competition comes alive during a weekend of racing and nostalgia.
Classic construction retains shape, provides a firm target with very little swinging or movement.
Classic country feel with a little rhinestone cowboy in there somewhere.
Classic country is awesome.
Classic custom touches, near schools.
Classic custom touches, underground utilities, two-car garage.
Classic decor provides the perfect atmosphere for business or celebration.
Classic description is that of grouped vesicles on an erythematous base in one dermatome.
Classic design has double taper which duplicates traditional flagpole style.
Classic design looks attractive in any kitchen.
Classic design makes a top ring.
Classic designs complement the durability of the furniture with an emphasis on comfort.
Classic designs spread the points out in space.
Classic designs tend to retain their value reliably.
All Classic dinners come with rice, or potato, soup, salad or coleslaw and our fresh baked bread.
Classic diplomacy assumes that sovereign states control international relations.
Some classic dishes have a colorful history and great flavor.
Classic division allows leans.
Classic dyslexia has to be distinguished from simple illiteracy.
Classic emphysema develops after many years of assault on lung tissues.
Classic environment is absolutely glacial in starting up.
Classic environment refinements.
Classic events are open to subscribers, who automatically receive details by email.
Classic examples are Australian marsupials and the Great American Interchange .
Classic examples are Australian marsupials and the Great American Interchange.
Classic examples are freedom, justice, education, etc.
Classic examples are heart disease and diabetes.
Classic examples are interactive geographical maps.
Classic examples are phototropism and geotropism .
Classic examples are procedures manuals, product catalogues and directories.
Classic examples are stacks and queues.
Classic examples are the development of non-ozone depleting refrigerants and aerosols.
Classic examples are the inter-organizations one finds in Silicon Valley.
Classic examples are what are called ' alike series'.
Classic examples look basically like a normal flava but with a pure white throat.
Some classic examples support theories.
Some classic experiments revolve around creating gooey substances.
Classic fillings are bacon and syrup pancakes and apple pancakes.
Classic film Applies a strobe effect to emulate film shot on an old camera.
Classic films are often universal favorites that hold up after repeated rescreenings.
Classic flowers dear,, beautiful of red a send what orchid.
Classic footage is mixed with current interviews in a seamless manner.
Many classic formulas tonify the kidney to relieve back pain and weakness.
Classic galactosemia is a major symptom of two enzyme defects.
Classic games are a really a key component to discovering the true potential of the mass market.
Many classic games are good practice in and of themselves.
Classic geodesy makes a difference between altimetry and planimetry.
Classic guitar is a solo style which combines melody, bass and chords together.
Classic hackers look on the kiddies with contempt.
Classic hardware is used so theft and damage are of little concern.
Classic hemophilia is the most frequently encountered bleeding disorder.
Classic history is that of periumbilical or epigastric pain that migrates to right lower quadrant.
Classic jazz pours from the speakers, in rotation on the CD player, with old movie trailers.
Classic jeans flatter the widest range of figures.
Classic journalism demands that every story tell the reader who, what, when, where, how and why.
All classic jugglers work on terra firma.
Classic keyboard sounds mixed with warm guitar tones.
Classic kings come in red or blue.
Classic knife is made with high-carbon.
Classic lasagna begins with the freshest tomatoes.
Classic layout has wide, level fairways, nice greens, plus a nine-hole executive course.
Classic literature is full of young heirs and heiresses suddenly landed with large fortunes.
Classic literature is online for downloading.
Classic literature requires little more than an avid reader to bring life to the printed page.
Classic majors can spend a semester in Rome.
Classic managers manage by objectives.
Classic members enjoy free checking and a premium rate on money market accounts.
Classic migraine is the migraine with a visual disturbance.
Classic migraines begin with warning signs such as flashing lights or colors.
Classic migraines start with warning signs, called an aura.
Classic mineral specimens from old collections from Russia and former Soviet republics.
Classic mute sounds for all levels of brass players.
Classic narcissists interact with the world as predators do with their prey.
Classic numerology is the study of numbers and their meanings.
Classic ovals are a good choice.
Classic PALS is a command-driven system that runs through a telnet program.
Classic passengers are subject to all airline limitations, liabilities and tariffs.
Classic pattern begins with weakness, atrophy, fasciculations of the muscles of hands and arms.
Many classic patterns have gold bead head variations.
Classic physics explains most physical interactions , like why a ball bounces when it drops .
Classic physics explains most physical interactions, like why a ball bounces when it drops.
Classic presentation is delayed and gradual.
Classic programs run happily, although looking very different, alongside native programs.
Classic prose is energetic without being anxious or rushed.
Classic ragtime demands the frequent use of modulation and flattened tones also.
Classic rarities continue to be as popular as ever.
Classic referendums tend to be about issues that are considered as 'political luxury' by the poor.
Classic rock covers.
Classic rock is definitely back right now.
Classic Rock is fair.
Classic rock is up there also.
Classic rocks are magazines.
Classic rooms comes with ac and mini-bar.
Classic saddles feature the finest Swiss leather and wool stuffed panels.
Every classic script is about ideas.
Classic serial offers the best flexibility, performance and responsiveness.
Classic Series is sold with a shade range.
Classic skiing is good.
Classic skirts are available in strait, A-line, flared, or pleated styles.
Classic songs are important in some sense.
Classic soundtracks come alive on stage and screen.
Classic statues show full frontal female nudity.
Classic stories are often excellent selections for the family to read aloud together.
Classic stripes are more suitable for corporate environments.
Classic study comprises two parts.
Classic style fits specifically the left and right side for precise fitting.
Classic style is always in good taste.
Classic style meets modern design.
Classic styles are ideal because of their timelessness and quality.
Many classic styles are available.
Classic surfboards are very nice and they are very long and they are made a special way.
Classic symptoms are dermatitis and diarrhea.
Classic symptoms are warm, swollen, reddened, and painful joints.
Classic symptoms include pain.
Some classic tales are available in abridged formats.
Many Classic teams have a similar program.
Classic technique involves open surgery and removing part of the lesion.
Classic television are the best.
Many classic texts are available as well.
Some classic texts are available on CD-ROM, and many useful bibliographical tools.
Classic tiles can blend in with any style house.
Classic toner delivers sharp text, smooth grays and eye-catching graphics.
Classic toys appeal to parents and children.
Classic tradition is stable and depends on the text.
Classic training teaches skills that are primarily sequential in nature.
Classic treatment involves traditional open surgery, a large incision and several weeks recovery.
Classic TV shows online.
Classic typefaces give headlines and copy a traditional feel.
Classic videos are available on a overnight use only.
Classic work relates activities of nerve cells to activities of insects.
A classic is a creation
Classic claret aromas of currant, tobacco and oak.
Classic closes for spicy dinners.
Classic does have a major drawback.
Classic find the mines in the minefield game.
Classic is combination of fine leather strap,clean classical dial and sleek cases.
Classic is definitely more stable.
Classic is easier on the body thereby allowing training to be absorbed more readily.
Classic is icky.
Classic is in print once again.
Classic is just the most classic way to play Tetris.
Classic is much faster.
Classic is smooth, flowing lines that pay careful attention to symmetry and proportion.
Classic is somewhat unstable.
Classic means carpel tunnel syndrome for the turbo touch typist.
Classic offers a comprehensive benefits package for full time drivers.
Classic offers free delivery and prompt, convenient service.
Classic operate a diverse fleet from sedans to limousines, vans, mini-buses, and highway coaches.
Classic provides users with a carefully structured learning experience.
Classic seems to function okay.
Classic sounds without the weight.
Classic takes about a second to shut down.
Classic takes on board comfort to a new level.
Classics also make their mark by paving the way for others.
Classics amount to less than four per cent of turnover.
Classics appear in updated form.
Classics Archive Many texts in electronic form and good links.
Classics are a good place to start.
Classics are always keepers.
Classics are Appropriate.
Classics are artists.
Classics are available to order online.
Classics are back with a new twist.
Classics are back, but with a twist.
Classics are books that almost every generation calls their own.
Classics are books that have stood the test of time and place.
Classics are books.
Classics are cookin' in our BBQ aprons.
Classics are creations.
Classics are films.
Classics are fine.
Classics are good.
Classics are in, including fashion.
Classics are in.
Classics are literary studies.
Classics are on the long lists in a syllabus.
Classics are perfect for children.
Classics are the best investment because they flatter every figure type and they're non-memorable.
Classics are unquestionably important to foodservice menus.
Classics are usually good on weight and volume too.
Classics dominate, and most dishes are elegant as opposed to showy.
Classics embraces the study of Greek and Latin language, literature, history, and culture.
Classics focuses on writing, critical reading, language acquisition, and arguementation.
Classics focuses on writing, critical reading, language acquisition, and argumentation.
Classics Free electronic texts to hundreds of famous titles.
Classics have lasting value.
Classics is a broadly interdisciplinary field.
Classics is a three year course.
Classics is also an ideal supplement to other programs of study.
Classics is also great for related fields.
Classics is also the first area study.
Classics is an impressive major.
Classics is dedicated to Greek and Latin subjects.
Classics is surprisingly but most encouragingly among the core subjects chosen for home study.
Classics is the multi-disciplinary study of Greek and Roman civilization.
Classics is the study of the ancient civilisations of Greece and Rome.
Classics is the study of the cultures of Greece and Rome.
Classics is the study of the intellectual forces that have shaped the European world.
Classics is the study of the languages, literatures, and civilizations of ancient Greece and Rome.
Classics is thus more than the study of ancient languages.
Classics is thus so broad as to be itself interdisciplinary.
Classics Listed below are electronic journals in the field of Classics selected by library staff.
Classics never die.
Classics never go out of style.
Classics offers an abundant combinations of fashionable and functional designs.
Classics page at A Common Reader .
Classics position Full-time lecturer in Classics.
Classics presents more standard fare, such as enchiladas and casseroles.
Classics provides a separate private salon area for men and women.
Classics rarities gig info and book reviews.
Classics retain their appeal and can be worn for years without looking dated.
Classics Start here .
Classics tend to be classics for good reasons.
Classics tend to have universal themes.
Classics uses Web pages primarily for courses that are taught in English.
Classics welcome, awards, plenty of food all day.
All classics welcome.
Every classic has a message of significant importance.
Many classics recommend that a chart be judged from it's ascendent or rising sign in totality.
More classics are on the way.
More classics play during the day whereas more currents play at night.
Most classics are available for free download.
Most classics never die.
Some classics are available for free.
Some classics can be a bit overbearing.
Some Classics never die.
Classical aesthetics dictate the form and order of many eating custom customs.
Classical albinism results from a recessive allele.
Classical animation requires solid drawing skills.
Classical approaches using stochastic arguments depend highly on the choice of mutation model.
Classical archaeologists dig sites, but also spend time deciphering ancient written records.
Classical art is a particular kind of idealistic art.
Classical art is an art that deals with emotions than pure form.
Classical art is the true art of Europe, the true art of our people.
Classical artists are harder to pin-point, though hair and clothing styles help.
Classical artists emphasize clarity and beauty of form.
Classical authors use the name for the whole.
Classical ballet can seem a tad fusty and undaring after watching a major skating tournament.
Classical ballet is ballet
Classical ballet is ballet.
Classical ballet is possibly the most easily identified and certainly the most easily sourced.
Classical ballet is the most advanced movement mechanics training system in the world.
Classical biotechnology makes use of knowledge and discoveries dating back to the time of Pasteur.
Classical breeding can be a long and tedious affair.
Classical breeding involves humans introducing new genetic material to the offspring.
Classical caches deal with local data only.
Classical ciphers are typically susceptible to known-plaintext attack .
Classical ciphers are typically susceptible to known-plaintext attack.
Classical coins reflect the artistic, political, religious, and economic climate of their times.
Classical columns infer structural supports to the ceiling.
Classical columns outline the form of the porches.
Classical composers database .
Classical composers database the ever-growing list of classical composers.
Classical composers die before they have tapped out their mental resources.
Classical composers have their time at court, their time of glory.
Most classical composers are dead and their works are in public domain.
A classical conditioning is a conditioning
Classical conditioning allows an organism to anticipate and prepare for upcoming events.
Classical conditioning are conditioning.
Classical conditioning begins with an innate response that follows an unconditioned stimulus.
Classical conditioning controls more involuntary bevaviors of the autonomic nervous system.
Classical conditioning focuses on the involuntary response of the learner following a stimulus.
Classical conditioning increases membrane-bound protein kinase C in rabbit cerebellum.
Classical conditioning involves learning by association and is usually the cause of most phobias.
Classical conditioning involves learning how novel stimuli predict previously unassociated outcomes.
Classical conditioning is a form of associative learning.
Classical conditioning is a powerful tool.
Classical conditioning is a type of associative learning.
Classical conditioning is based on stimulus- response relationships.
Classical conditioning is built on creating relationships by association over trials.
Classical conditioning is essentially a process of stimulus substitution .
Classical conditioning is involuntary whereas operant conditioning is voluntary.
Classical conditioning is passive and involuntary.
Classical conditioning is the association between two stimuli.
Classical conditioning is the psychological equivalent of welding.
Classical conditioning is used to account for the development of anxiety.
Classical conditioning reverses drug effects .
Classical conditioning sounds simple.
Classical conditioning works with people, too.
Classical cooperatives lack it.
Classical coordinate is constructed by means of the degree operator field.
Classical dance depends on a clearly defined physical form.
Classical dengue is the mildest form.
Classical depression has a daily rhythm.
Classical derivatives are ill posed.
Classical details are evident throughout the interior.
Classical detectors measure the ionization or excitation of atoms induced by impinging particles.
Classical directories are cluttered with non-pertinent or obsolete information and dead links.
Classical drama requires elegant balance.
Classical dressage is an art.
Classical education depends on a three-part process of training the mind.
Classical education equips students to learn and thus liberates the learning process.
Classical education has a long history of both home-based and conventional school settings.
Classical education is academically rigorous.
Classical education is alive and well.
Classical education requires parental involvement, planning, and leadership.
Classical education see also Humanities.
Classical empiricism is essentially inductive.
Classical ethologists distinguish between states of behavior and behavioral events .
Classical evolutionists believe that life originated by spontaneous generation.
Classical examples are the real projective, affine, and hyperbolic planes.
Classical fans call the music intimate and grand, expertly crafted.
Many classical favorites take on a new dimension with creative arrangements.
Classical food allergens.
Classical frameworks are incomplete.
Classical geometers do it from the right angle.
Classical geometers do it on the nine-point circle.
Classical geometers do it with a straight edge.
Classical guitar adds the finishing touch.
Classical guitar is a aural art form.
Classical guitar is the most difficult style of guitar.
Classical guitar is versatile, entertaining and extremely beautiful instrument.
Classical guitar is wholly appropriate to the confines of a sitting room or a small theater.
Classical guitars are available at no extra charge.
Classical guitars have shorter and broader necks than steel-stringed guitars.
Classical guitars have very wide necks.
Classical guitarists perform nightly in the dining room.
Every classical hero goes through a lost period and returns to slay the monsters or defeat the evil.
Classical history plays a major part in our homeschooling efforts.
Classical holism encourages the vitalistic notion of extended intangibles.
Classical homeopaths believe in using only one remedy at a time.
Classical homeopaths prescribe one remedy at a time.
Some classical homeopaths are the most vocal against the use of combination medicines.
Classical ideas continue to inspire art, drama, and literature.
Many classical identities survive such an extension.
Classical incisions are rare today.
Classical liberalism calls for democratic government.
Classical liberalism is a positive philosophy.
Classical liberalism posits the independance of the individual qua individual.
Classical liberalism subscribes to the labor theory of property .
Classical literature is emphasized in all grades and students participate in service projects.
Classical logic is a good case in point.
Classical logic is the only way that inference can scale across the web.
Some classical luthiers use cedar for tops.
Classical massage helps to invigorate the patient.
Classical mathematics is a quest for structural harmony.
Classical mechanics are mechanics.
Classical mechanics is based on Newton's Laws of Motion.
Classical mechanics looks at how things move and interact on a large scale.
Classical mechanics provides the conceptual glue that connects all areas of physics.
Classical medicine relies on prescription pharmaceuticals, such as antibiotics and tranquilizers.
Classical microscopes magnify human tissues and cells.
Classical migraine accounts for about one-sixth of all migraines.
Classical migraines are far less common.
Classical morality is built on the omnipresent theme of the vanities and reflection.
Classical movement is deterministic.
Classical music abounds for academic gambits with course work or a novel to read, or a newspaper.
Classical music accompanies the delicate food and the high level of service.
Classical music adds to the atmosphere.
Classical music begins to fill the air.
Classical music calms the kids, and they get more work done.
Classical music can be for instruments or for the voice.
Classical music can be just as much fun to listen to as rock, country, rap and blues.
Classical music can get boring.
Classical music can have evil content just as much as rock music.
Classical music can never compete with the commercial music that dominates the media.
Classical music can truly touch one's soul if one allows it to.
Classical music drifts through the room as white-attired servers keep the flow moving smoothly.
Classical music enhances the atmosphere.
Classical music enriches our moral imagination.
Classical music faces similar challenges, but with far less robust attendance figures.
Classical music fills the air and native art pleases the eye.
Classical music fills the air, as even the youngest children take their places.
Classical music filters down softly to the tables, set with two colors of linen.
Classical music forms an important part of the cultural wealth of the Punjab.
Classical music forms the relaxing background.
Classical music gets a raw deal.
Classical music has a place in Jewish worship.
Classical music has a separate page with similar information.
Classical music has been in the foreground for so long, it deserves a little background time now.
Classical music has it, jazz has it.
Classical music has many forms, symphonies, small ensembles.
Classical music has more restrictions than popular music, and it is very picky about dissonance.
Classical music has rhythms.
Classical music has so much more depth to it than popular music.
Classical music helps people organize their thinking.
Classical music includes symphonies, operas and ballets.
Classical music is a big influence.
Classical music is a composer s medium.
Classical music is a good choice.
Classical music is a rare and wonderful thing.
Classical music is a small world.
Classical music is a somewhat broad selection.
Classical music is a specialty.
Classical music is a strange field.
Classical music is alive and well in both cities.
Classical music is also a mainstream thing.
Classical music is also different from jazz because true jazz is improvised .
Classical music is also different from jazz because true jazz is improvised.
Classical music is an acquired taste that grows with experience.
Classical music is an acquired taste, but parents can build children's interest from the cradle.
Classical music is an extremely form of art on television in general.
Classical music is an historical snapshot that can easily be lost.
Classical music is another great love and doing web design.
Classical music is as good for humans as it is for plants.
Classical music is called by that name because it has stood the test of time.
Classical music is dead.
Classical music is great for instantly sparking emotion and passion in the listener.
Classical music is highlighted throughout the series.
Classical music is just one of many forms of art our East County audiences enjoy supporting.
Classical music is like tofu.
Classical music is like yogurt to many people.
Classical music is located in houses.
Classical music is majestically inspirational to one person, monumentally boring to another.
Classical music is more accessible now than when it was written.
Classical music is more tight and stiff.
Classical music is music.
Classical music is musical style
Classical music is often funny and is always surprising and exciting.
Classical music is often the best choice because it tends to balance and refresh the mind.
Classical music is particularly suitable because it is universally acceptable.
Classical music is piped in, adding to the already delightful mood.
Classical music is piped into all of their classrooms.
Classical music is played in the background.
Classical music is played in the garden to bring a special touch to an unforgettable moment.
Classical music is relevant to our lives.
Classical music is said to be a worship that involves both the listener and the artist alike.
Classical music is simply easy-listening for traditionalists.
Classical music is something a family can share.
Classical music is somewhat creative and inspirational.
Classical music is superior to popular music, according to many classical music lovers.
Classical music is the background.
Classical music is the jewel of all the types of music that have come into existence.
Classical music is their specialty but they have a large selection of popular songs available.
Classical music is too complicated and boring.
Classical music is wonderful.
Classical music is written for solo trumpet, and trumpets are included in orchestras.
Classical music issuing from a boom box is lost in the tumult of a hundred lusty canine voices.
Classical music plays in the background during the screen saver.
Classical music plays in the background.
Classical music plays over speakers in the room.
Classical music plays quietly in the background.
Classical music plays quietly over the sound system.
Classical music plays quietly.
Classical music plays softly in the background, audible when the lathes stop turning.
Classical music plays softly in the background.
Classical music plays softly, offering a buffer from the world outside.
Classical music promotes subtleties, differences and unity through diversity.
Classical music provides a soothing background.
Classical music provides a suitable accompaniment to the quest.
Classical music shares a lot with popular music.
Classical music stands as a hallmark of human creativity and ingenuity.
Classical music takes talent to write and perform.
Classical music uses a lower baffle and a large chamber and therefore slower air.
Classical music uses chords differently than popular music.
Classical music varies greatly.
Classical music works well because it has no lyrics.
Some classical music deals with a specific subject.
Some classical music is meant to be danced to.
Some classical music is OK too.
Classical musicians add quality to the song.
Classical musicians have just as bad a reputation.
Classical musicians trying their hands at pop music is nothing new.
Classical myths retold.
Classical nightingales go in the jug jugs.
Classical notions are of no use at all for the last set of examples.
Classical objects are innately incapable of modeling reality's constituents.
Classical objects are stable.
Classical oratory is an invaluable resource for the study of ancient Greek life and culture.
Classical orthodoxy uses a large, smooth, black one shaped like a bowl.
Classical outlines are of two forms.
Classical pathology focuses mainly on the diagnosis and the status of disease.
Classical pathway is triggered by antibody in immune complexes or attached to cell walls.
Classical philosophy is the philosophy developed in Ancient Greece.
Classical physics assumes a continuum whereas quantum physics assumes the universe is discrete.
Classical physics includes mechanics, heat, sound, electricity, magnetism, and light.
Classical physics is based on the proposition that the answer to the question is yes.
Classical physics takes no account of radiation.
Classical pieces are optional.
Classical programming can be very lucrative.
Classical propaganda divides empty and nonempty.
Classical quantities are continuous real-valued functions on .
Classical quotation is the parole of literary men all over the world.
Classical recording is another matter.
Classical retailers receive discounts on their orders based on quantity.
Classical rules apply to the pawn from that point on.
Classical saxophone is a different bag altogether.
A classical scholar is a humanist
Classical scholars are a conservative lot by nature.
Classical scholars tend to defend the views of classical Greek patriarchy.
Classical science is a conversation between theory and experiment.
Classical science needs speed and efficiency.
Classical scientists believe that physical objects have an objective, on-going existence.
Classical scientists insist only classical measurement is unambiguous .
Classical shapes appear on occasion as well.
Classical simulations reproduce many of the observed features.
Classical singers rely on print, so do light opera companies, so do church choirs.
Classical skiing is the oldest and most recognized technique.
Classical spaces focus on the center.
Classical spirals show rotation curves whose outer portions are rising, flat or falling.
Classical stations tend to have low spot loads.
Classical statistics is developed under the assumption that a data sample is completely observed.
Classical strings round out the event.
Classical studies has a kind of dry reputation, but there s a lot of fun to be had.
Classical studies is an interdisciplinary field.
Classical studies is considered a major in humanities.
Classical studies offers the opportunity to learn about all aspects of life in Greece and Rome.
Classical studies refers to the Socratic method.
Classical style is an idiom
Classical style uses tracks groomed into the snow.
Classical taxonomy is based on morphology and anatomy.
Every classical text starts with worshipping the whole of humanity.
Most Classical texts are still without adequate commentaries, and Classical scholars are few.
Classical theology emphasizes that communal context.
Classical theory has no explanation.
Some classical theories predict byproduct.
Classical training is good for that.
Classical warfare is dominated by lines, which are one dimensional.
Classical waves transfer energy without transporting matter through the medium.
Many classical works exist as arrangements and in special performing editions.
Classical writers make reference to Cornwall as a source of tin.
Classicism also has a lot to offer in terms of methodology.
Classicism bespeaks confidence.
Classicism can apply to painting, sculpture, architecture, music, dance, literature or philosophy.
Classicism contrasts with romanticism, which often was a revolt against classicism.
Classicism directly affects Idealism.
Classicism is an idiom
Classicism is artistic style.
Classicism is arts
Classicism is principally important in Western architecture.
Classicism leads ever deeper into art.
Classicism means using older forms in one's work.
Classicism meets sexy and the best of both win.
A classicist is an artist
Classicists have a lot to offer both in content and methodology.
Some classicists use a large balloon whisk and a copper bowl.
Classics records tell a story of the past.
Classification of species is quite fluid, with periodic revision by botanists.
Classification problems discriminant analysis and applications.
Classification rules make up the first or bottom tier.
Some classification rules are static functions.
Classification schemes are also available for international industries.
Classification schemes are hierarchical in nature.
Classification schemes are in common use for the interior and atmosphere of the Earth.
Classification schemes hide the world view.
Classification schemes tackle an air mass' characteristics, and well as modification.
A classification system is an organization
Classification systems are arrangements.
Classification systems are artificial and imperfect but nonetheless necessary.
Classification systems are based upon the observations made.
Classification systems are many and varied.
Classification systems are, therefore, partial and subjective, as are all classification schemes.
Classification systems attempt to predict behavior on the basis of morphology.
Classification systems organize living things in a logical, and meaningful way.
Classification systems serve four important roles.
All classification systems are simply devices to help users locate specific works.
Classification theory makes use of classification trees.
Classification tree analyses have methods.
Classification tree analyses have traditional methods.
Classification trees can be and sometimes are quite complex.
Classification trees have nodes.
Classification trees have terminal nodes.
Most classification trees have nodes.
Most classification trees have terminal nodes.
A classification is a grouping
Classification according to number of holes There are usually five holes in the bamboo flute.
Classification according to the specific enzyme deficiency is preferred.
Classification affects perception.
Classification also determines how traffic is handled throughout the network fabric.
Classification also helps scientists to remember viruses and the diseases they cause .
Classification also helps scientists to remember viruses and the diseases they cause.
Classification also implies evolutionary relationships between groups.
Classification based on the source and the effect of faults is used to identify problem areas.
Classification brings into question the right match criteria.
Classification builds a color description tree for the image.
Classification can have different purposes.
Classification can sometimes be difficult.
Classification controls a number of critical areas, including the rates of duty.
Classification counts for faculty and staff over time.
Classification depends on the amount in controversy.
Classification depends on the general nature of a company's operations.
Classification depends on the language used by the creator of the trust.
Classification describes the process of allocating a class or call number to an item.
Classification Describes the state of the art classifiers for large databases.
Classification determines methods for organizing the diversity of life on Earth.
Classification determines the minimum legal requirements.
Classification determines the rate at which a property is taxed.
Classification determines the size of each class of elements.
Classification develops a topic by organizing the different areas into categories.
Classification diagrams with legends.
Classification Explains the terms and concepts well - lots of illustrations.
Classification facilitates various forms of sociological and historical research and understanding.
Classification finds a rule or a formula for organising data into classes.
Classification Having extracted the feature vectors, the classification itself is done.
Classification helps show if living things are closely related.
Classification Identify a class of problems, of which the problem of interest is an instance.
Classification involves a survey of all major plant and animal kingdoms.
Classification involves organizing a number of related items into categories.
Classification involves the informal embedded in the formal and vice versa.
Classification is a basic tool used by resource managers.
Classification is a creative endeavor.
Classification is a first step towards standardisation.
Classification is a first step towards standardization.
Classification is a fundamental aspect of archaeological inquiry.
Classification is a human undertaking.
Classification is a means to facilitate communication among actors in a field of practice.
Classification is a natural occupation of humans and one of the most necessary of pastimes.
Classification is a part of the science of taxonomy.
Classification is a political act.
Classification is a powerful tool for organizing anything, but it is also frequently biased.
Classification is a two-part process, the water quality survey and shoreline survey.
Classification is a type of censorship and discriminates against minorities.
Classification is a useful guide for parents.
Classification is a very broad term which simply means putting things in classes.
Classification is a vital science-process skill for all students to master.
Classification is a way of organising living organisms into groups.
Classification is a way to give a unique description to all things.
Classification is accomplished by comparing the characters, or features, of groups of animals.
Classification is accomplished by using the prototype, an example, as referrant.
Classification is ad hoc when attempted at all.
Classification is always by discipline or aspect studied, then by topic within the discipline.
Classification is an important aspect of understanding and describing the many life forms on earth.
Classification is an important part of everyday life.
Classification is an iterative process.
Classification is application-independent.
Classification is assigned based on known ability.
Classification is based entirely on the written description of the crew member.
Classification is based on a combination of morphologic, immunologic and genetic characteristics.
Classification is based on agency and document type so that it groups publications by agency.
Classification is based on all facts and circumstances.
Classification is based on composition and degree of heating.
Classification is based on documentation of exposure, medical record review, and case investigation.
Classification is based on evolutionary relationships and physical traits.
Classification is based on shape, form, and implied behavioural mode.
Classification is based on similarities in appearance and behavior.
Classification is based on species recognition by interpreters, resulting in high thematic accuracy.
Classification is based on surveys of water quality and pollution sources.
Classification is based on symptoms before treatment.
Classification is based on the existing level of access and human alteration of the site.
Classification is based on the general nature of the establishment's business, industry or service.
Classification is based on the location of projects receiving loans.
Classification is based on the mode of locomotion and methods of obtaining food.
Classification is based on the performance in third and fourth years.
Classification is based on the recognition of monophyletic groups.
Classification is based on the sexual structures exhibited.
Classification is based on the standard of service and facilities.
Classification is based upon number of hours earned prior to the fall semester .
Classification is based upon police investigation rather than by court determination.
Classification is based upon the position of the fibriod within the uterus.
Classification is based upon weights assigned to the various multiparameter variables.
Classification is basic to doing science.
Classification is both a very important and a very difficult task.
Classification is by anion.
Classification is by lobar distribution and lobular pattern.
Classification is by visual characteristics.
Classification is by weight category as in able bodied powerlifting competition.
Classification is carried out by comparison of descriptions of analysed and standard particles.
Classification is changed to nimbostratus if rain becomes persistent.
Classification is complete to all entities within the universe.
Classification is complete to all points and lines within universe.
Classification is complete to all points lines and polygons in the clipping universe.
Classification is complete to all points lines and polygons within clipping universe.
Classification is complete to all points lines and polygons within the clipping universe.
Classification is complete to all points lines and polygons within the universe.
Classification is complete to all points, lines and polygons within clipping universe.
Classification is complete to all points, lines and polygons within the clipping universe.
Classification is complete to each point, line and polygon within the rectangular clipping boundary.
Classification is complete to universe.
Classification is concerned with the relative value of jobs within an organization.
Classification is controversial .
Classification is controversial.
Classification is currently under study.
Classification is dangerous online and needs to stop.
Classification is dependent upon primary dry matter production site - the leaf or root or both.
Classification is determined by assigned duties.
Classification is determined by credits on record at the time the program plan sheet is filed.
Classification is determined by evolutionary history.
Classification is determined by similar characteristics and ability to produce fertile offspring.
Classification is determined by student population.
Classification is determined by the number of hours approved for transfer credit.
Classification is difficult in some cases, because of the lack of specificity towards the acceptor.
Classification is difficult.
Classification is done in order to make quantitative measurements of images.
Classification is done using adaptive resonance neural networks.
Classification is entirely pragmatic.
Classification is fastest at the basic level.
Classification is for the main serie s.
Classification is for women without any other risk factors for stroke.
Classification is fundamental in biology.
Classification is hard.
Classification is important because it defines patterns.
Classification is important for determining which anticonvulsant drug to start.
Classification is made according to size, shape, colour and length of stem.
Classification is made according to type of animal, age, size and gender.
Classification is made on the basis of composition.
Classification is mainly for convenience of a library or a museum to put and keep objects in order.
Classification is more than comparing the position to the class description.
Classification is no requirement as such.
Classification is one of the basic processes in science.
Classification is one of the central issues in any system dealing with text data.
Classification is performed on all detected defects, including cluster and random defects.
Classification is presented to gain an appreciation of the unity and diversity of life.
Classification is reviewed throughout a prisoner's incarceration.
Classification is simple, accurate and automated.
Classification is sometimes a permissible issue.
Classification is sometimes difficult.
Classification is subjective.
Classification is terrific.
Classification is that living things are sorted into groups based on their characteristics.
Classification is the assignment of objects to a class.
Classification is the computation of a concept hierarchy based on subsumption.
Classification is the distribution of objects into groups.
Classification is the first step in identifying critical information which requires protection.
Classification is the key to intentional action.
Classification is the method used by scientists to order living organisms.
Classification is the most common tool of map collection organisation.
Classification is the primary thought pattern involved in preparing an outline.
Classification is the process of grouping like objects into categories.
Classification is the process of grouping like things.
Classification is the process of organizing things into groups.
Classification is the process of placing data into groups, and is central to mapping.
Classification is the process of sorting organisms into groups according to their characteristics.
Classification is the subdividing of the living world into defensible categories.
Classification is the systematic categorization of entities into meaningful content.
Classification is then possible from the canonical functions.
Classification is then the basis for studying the specific kingdoms.
Classification is therefore a big problem.
Classification is to assemble groups into larger groups.
Classification is tough work.
Classification is tricky.
Classification is useful. .
Classification is useless.
Classification is usually part of the early stages of understanding science.
Classification is usually the final step in cataloging.
Classification is what Scenario results link into.
Classification is worthless.
Classification is, it appears, more confusing for non-librarians.
Classification isa activity.
Classification Keep latest edition of each class.
Classification makes study easier.
Classification makes things easier to find, identify, and study.
Classification means grouping languages together on the basis of some similarities.
Classification means grouping related files under inclusive headings.
Classification means put together according to subject content.
Classification means that objects can be thought of in terms of categories or classes.
Classification means the classification of rivers and streams within the river corridor.
Classification occurs in most sports.
Classification provides a logical approach to the arrangement of documentary materials.
Classification reflects the observed relationships between the data collected.
Classification requires following the tree of life back to points of branching.
Classification requires night shift work with several nights on, then several nights off.
Classification segregates the papers into logical categories for ease of filing and finding.
Classification serves as a topic identifier.
Classification serves as the primary cognitive organizational tool.
Classification serves to identify the topic of philosophic inquiry.
Classification specify lipid class from classification list of each compound.
Classification takes place by headings and notes.
Classification using seeds or nuts, and loss of water from plants are a sampling of the lessons.
Classification varies from good to poor for the kernel.
Classification warns people what to expect if they go to the movies.
Classification works by including and excluding.
Classifications are arrangements.
Classifications are as follows.
Classifications are common subject categories found in the database, listed alphabetically.
Classifications are important because they are used to determine assessments.
Classifications are in alphabetical order.
Classifications are restrictions.
Classifications are safety mechanisms of the self to avoid the incapacity of action.
Classifications are socially contructed products of our culture.
Classifications base on characteristics.
Classifications base on comparison.
Classifications base on principles.
Classifications based strictly on cladistics are too complex for convenience.
Classifications can contain anything.
Classifications can refer to each other.
Classifications change frequently.
Classifications consist of individuals.
Classifications contribute to descriptions.
Classifications cover aspects.
Classifications depend on types.
Classifications describe types.
Classifications have origins.
Classifications have to be based on something.
Classifications have to include all the possible classes to completely cover that topic.
Classifications illustrates each animal's place in the animal kingdom, in outline form.
Classifications include aspects.
Classifications include individuals.
Classifications pose many problems.
Classifications pose problems.
Classifications present difficulty.
Classifications proceed from the simplest goods to the most complex.
Classifications provide arrangements.
Classifications provide insight.
Classifications range from for training use only to condemned depending on the failure.
Classifications range from non-prescription, over the counter drugs to controlled narcotics.
Classifications represent decisions.
Classifications reveal diversity.
Classifications reveal exceptional diversity.
Classifications serve as a lens through which to view the data they classify.
Classifications show acceptable variation.
Classifications show variation.
Classifications tend to change as knowledge increases.
Classifications use analyses.
Classifications use principal component analyses.
Classifications vary according to each factor.
Classifications yield accuracy.
All classification is at best partial, temporary, and a simplification of reality.
All classification rests on some inherited functional properties of the classifiers.
All classifications are based solely on the female anglerfish.
All classifications are in best eye with best correction.
All classifications are in the best eye with the best correction.
All classifications are in the better eye with best correction.
All classifications are in the both eyes with best correction.
All classifications are the result of artifice, convention, and technique.
All classifications have their uses and abuses.
All classifications now have minimum salary rates and maximum salary rates.
All classifications use the same tax rates.
Many classifications exist that define vegetation or other land units.
Many classifications exist.
Most classifications are either overinclusive or underinclusive.
Most classifications base on comparison.
Most classifications base on principles.
Most classifications consist of individuals.
Most classifications contribute to descriptions.
Most classifications cover aspects.
Most classifications depend on types.
Most classifications describe types.
Most classifications have a six-month probationary period.
Most classifications have competing members that are ranked against each other.
Most classifications have five salary levels.
Most classifications have origins.
Most classifications pose many problems.
Most classifications pose problems.
Most classifications provide arrangements.
Most classifications provide insight.
Most classifications represent decisions.
Most classifications reveal diversity.
Most classifications reveal exceptional diversity.
Most classifications show acceptable variation.
Most classifications show variation.
Most classifications use analyses.
Most classifications use principal component analyses.
Most classifications yield accuracy.
Some classification is needed to get a clear picture of the present situation.
Some classifications are more meaningful than others.
Some classifications are presented in textbooks.
Some classifications base on habits.
Some classifications base on hypotheses.
Some classifications can be both underinclusive and overinclusive.
Some classifications change over time.
Some classifications demand skills.
Some classifications depend on movement.
Some classifications encompass presentation.
Some classifications encourage kids.
Some classifications follow perceptions.
Some classifications have children.
Some classifications have problems.
Some classifications have references.
Some classifications have roots.
Some classifications help diagnoses.
Some classifications help diversity.
Some classifications help student understand diversity.
Some classifications involve fingerprints.
Some classifications involve problems.
Some classifications involve solve problems.
Some classifications relate to dependency.
Some classifications require payment in advance.
Some classifications require pre-payment.
Some classifications require prepayment.
Some classifications show diversity.
Classifies calls using pseudo-code defined in the configuration file.
Classifies fingerprints according to standard system and records classification on file cards.
Classifies hemodialysis technician trainee.
Classifies quadrangles according to side and angle properties.
Classifies reaches connected to divergent junctions.
A classified ad is a newspaper advertisement
Classified ads accepted are subject to editorial discretion.
Classified ads appear in our printed issues and online.
Classified ads appear in the classified section and are much cheaper.
Classified ads are a benefit of facility membership or corporate sponsorship.
Classified ads are a free service for college students, and as such, are provided on an as-is basis.
Classified ads are a great and inexpensive way to make contact with other collectors and dealers.
Classified ads are a major source for new and used vegetable equipment.
Classified ads are ads.
Classified ads are also available.
Classified ads are an advertising staple of newspapers, and they re also a big hit on the Web.
Classified ads are another Web traffic technique for some types of products and services.
Classified ads are available.
Classified ads are brief and often cryptic.
Classified ads are due Thursdays at noon.
Classified ads are economical, as they can be run frequently.
Classified ads are effective - in certain situations.
Classified ads are for all users.
Classified ads are for one time sales and purchases.
Classified ads are for the use of individuals only.
Classified ads are free and free space is available for letters and comments.
Classified ads are free for members.
Classified ads are free for personal use.
Classified ads are free of charge for non-commercial individuals.
Classified ads are free of charge.
Classified ads are FREE to all individuals.
Classified ads are free to counties.
Classified ads are FREE to Employers.
Classified ads are free to members and provide a great way to buy and sell items.
Classified ads are free to members.
Classified ads are free to subscribers and inexpensive to non-subscribers.
Classified ads are free to subscribers.
Classified ads are free under the following terms.
Classified ads are free.
Classified ads are generally the cheapest.
Classified ads are good for promoting items that people are specifically looking for.
Classified ads are immediate.
Classified ads are important to both buyers and sellers of goods.
Classified ads are inexpensive and effective.
Classified ads are located in newspapers.
Classified ads are low cost, limited message.
Classified ads are low-cost ads for companies selling related industry products and services.
Classified ads are newspaper ads.
Classified ads are non-commissionable.
Classified ads are one possibility.
Classified ads are popular because they work.
Classified ads are relatively inexpensive.
Classified ads are relatively less expensive.
Classified ads are subject to space availability.
Classified ads are text only.
Classified ads are the easiest to write, and cost the least.
Classified ads are the easiest to write, the easiest to place, and cost the least.
Classified ads are the safest and simplest way to get started.
Classified ads are their own attraction.
Classified ads are welcome and there is no charge.
Classified ads can contain both text and graphics.
Classified ads contain words only.
Classified ads do have value.
Classified ads offer great bikes and best of all, parts for our German two-wheelers.
Classified ads perform better than banners.
Classified ads provide information on business services and products available to the members.
Classified ads require advance payment.
Classified ads run at our discretion, two or three times per week or as they are on hand.
Classified ads run for the duration that they are printed in the newspaper.
Classified ads See the classifieds page .
Classified ads seeking manufacturing professionals are free for employers.
Classified ads work.
All classified ads are non-commissionable, whether billed at classified rate or display rate.
Most classified ads are small, short lines of type.
Most classified ads say they want one to two years of experience.
Some classified ad needs document proof, before it can be published.
Some classified ads ask for scannable resumes.
Some classified ads require prepayment.
Some classified ads run on a prepaid basis.
A classified advertisement is a newspaper advertisement
Classified advertisements are as in newspapers and national publications.
Classified advertisements are available.
Classified Advertisements are FREE for any New Zealand firearms owners and shooting clubs.
Classified advertisements are free to dues paying members.
Classified advertisements are free to post and free to answer.
Classified advertisements are frequently available and can sometimes be searched by word or phrase.
Classified advertisements are located in newspapers.
Classified advertisements presented here are free of charge.
Classified Advertisements Provide siervice of classified advertisements on web.
Classified advertising are located in newspapers.
Classified advertising requires payment in advance.
All classified advertising is accepted on a pre-paid basis only.
All classified advertising is always FREE to members.
All classified advertising is free.
Classified categories continue shifting.
Classified customers pay by the line, so it's cheaper to be brief.
Classified edition has alphabetical and separately published geographic indexes.
Classified employees are eligible for a certain dollar amount of tuition reimbursement per year.
Classified employees demonstrating outstanding performance are eligible for annual merit raises.
Classified information is excluded.
Classified liners are non-commissionable rates.
Classified material is kept in a locked safe.
Classified material is on the second floor.
Classified materials are due by the closing deadline.
Classified media is declassified using an approved degausser.
Classified personnel are non-exempt employees in clerical and maintenance support positions.
Classified personnel have their own constituent group.
Classified roads are roads constructed or maintained for long-term highway vehicle use.
Classified sections bulge with every service for the soul and psyche under the moon.
Classified sections have to be maintained and cleared of bogus ads.
Most classified sites use a database search system to find ads within their site.
Classified staff are concerned about being closed for a full week.
Classified staff are sometimes reclassified to service professionals and vice versa.
Classified staff has a union.
Classified staff have the option to join.
Classified staff is invited and urged to participate.
Classified staff provide important services to student.
Classified staff recognize that students are our highest priority.
Classified staff require training in the use of systems necessary to perform their job functions.
Classified waste is stored in an approved security container or shredded in an approved shredder.
Classified workers face different problems.
A classified is a newspaper advertisement
Classifieds are a billion-dollar business for newspapers.
Classifieds are a major marketing bargain.
Classifieds are a powerful, inexpensive method of reaching new customers.
Classifieds are also well organized, very easy to search and easy to read.
Classifieds are always the cheapest, followed by sponsor ads and then exclusive mailings.
Classifieds are enormously profitable, and for the most part are better served on the Internet.
Classifieds are for personal use only.
Classifieds are free to individuals looking to buy, sell, or trade.
Classifieds are FREE to subscribers.
Classifieds are free to view, post, upload photos and add hyperlinks.
Classifieds are free, and available online instantly.
Classifieds are free.
Classifieds are full circulation.
Classifieds are fundamentally different on the Internet.
Classifieds are ideal for recruitment of all hospital support staff.
Classifieds are Internet ads only.
Classifieds are lead generators.
Classifieds are limited to ten per issue.
Classifieds are located in newspapers.
Classifieds are non-cancellable.
Classifieds are non-refundable.
Classifieds are now online.
Classifieds are of a little different nature, but they work on the same premise.
Classifieds are only for individuals to buy, sell and trade products.
Classifieds are open and accepting ads.
Classifieds are part of newspapers.
Classifieds are searchable by category and geography.
Classifieds are searchable by item and geography.
Classifieds are totally free.
Classifieds are updated weekly.
Classifieds Buy and sell kids' toys, furniture and books .
Classifieds Buy and Sell on line using a wide range of categories.
Classifieds Buy and sell online with other members.
Classifieds Buy and sell online.
Classifieds Buy and Sell.
Classifieds Buy or sell a boats and equipment.
Classifieds Buy or sell parts and trucks.
Classifieds Buy or sell used hockey equipment, accessories, rink supplies or hockey services.
Classifieds Buy, sell and swap astronomical equipment.
Classifieds Buy, sell and trade boating equipment.
Classifieds Buy, sell and trade car stuff here.
Classifieds Buy, sell, and trade with other gamers.
Classifieds Buy, sell, and trade with the world for free.
Classifieds Buy, Sell, or request any information through our free classifieds.
Classifieds Buy, sell, or trade Psion related products.
Classifieds Buy, sell, or trade RIM related products.
Classifieds Buy, sell, trade.
Classifieds can be e-mailed.
Classifieds can only post ads in U.S. ZIP codes.
Classifieds Classified ads are easy to use.
Classifieds Classified ads are FREE to individuals selling one vehicle or part.
Classifieds Click any image to enlarge.
Classifieds click here for current monthly job openings from within our counties.
Classifieds Figuring out the sine and cosine for different quadrants is pretty basic.
Classifieds Find a partner to chat to or wam with.
Classifieds Find it.
Classifieds Find jobs by searching for states or looking under listings for major cities.
Classifieds Find or sell anything from old houses to old radiators in our free, online classifieds.
Classifieds Find some of the best links on the Web for journalists and editors.
Classifieds Find writing-related products and services.
Classifieds get results fast and often generate immediate sales.
Classifieds Get to the airport via a taxi.
Classifieds Go through our classifieds for cars, homes, jobs and more.
Classifieds have good opportunities for getting a good deal on a used car.
Classifieds have tremendous utility for people.
Classifieds Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Classifieds Here are some good local resources to sell and purchase property, goods and services.
Classifieds Here are the classified ads for the month.
Classifieds is available for most areas of the United States.
Classifieds is free service created for yahoo users.
Classifieds Let's go back to fractions.
Classifieds offers a wide range of inexpensive web site promotion options.
Classifieds online are only available to advertisers whose ads appear in the newspaper.
Classifieds placed in all four papers are double the figured amount.
Classifieds Put items up for sale or buy from our online marketplace.
Classifieds really work.
Classifieds remain up for one month or less depending upon submission date.
Classifieds reserves the right to determine what action is necessary.
Classifieds reserves the right to refuse any ad for any reason.
Classifieds run for a week and are broadcast on a first come, first served basis.
Classifieds Scroll down to see items posted.
Classifieds search able by neighborhood, price range and apartment size.
Classifieds Selling coins via the classified section of a numismatic newspaper is another option.
Classifieds Selling products, whether it's a stereo or a house, can be a daunting task.
Classifieds tend to be generic content.
Classifieds view pops the user out of the navigation scheme.
Classifieds Welcome to horsehobbyist's classified ads.
Classifieds Welcome to igolftheworld's classifieds section.
Classifieds Welcome to our classifieds.
Classifieds Welcome to the new classifieds section of our website.
Classifieds works best when people follow a few rules.
All classifieds are free.
All classifieds are to run prepaid.
All Classifieds Enter key words into the fields below.
Many classifieds are people restoring cars purely to place in the classic cars classifieds.
Many classifieds contain the photos of the specific items for sale.
Most classifieds are free.
Classifier systems belong to the class of artificial intelligence methods.
Classifier systems perform a type of machine learning that generates rules from examples.
Any classifier system has a set of condition-action rules called classifiers.
All classifier values are completely user definable.
A classifier is a thinker
Classifier can be parametric or nonparametric.
Classifier is invoked.
Classifiers answer employees' questions and provide information about standards and evaluations.
Classifiers are available for writing position descriptions as needed.
Classifiers are handshapes that represent nouns and incorporate aspects of adverbs and verbs.
Classifiers are morphemes.
Classifiers are thinkers.
Classifiers are words.
Classifiers get ready for audits by reviewing position descriptions and standards.
Classifiers have anaphoric and discourse-pragmatic functions.
Classifiers provide cross-categorization of nouns and help the language to structure concepts.
Many classifiers give numerical scores to examples.
Some classifiers have parameters for which different settings produce different ROC points.
A classmate is a friend
Classmate isa individual.
Classmate isa person.
Classmate isa somebody.
Classmate isa someone.
Classmates are frequently helpful toward handicapped children.
Classmates are in shock.
Classmates are located in classes.
Classmates are often the best source of information for job searches.
Classmates are usually more than willing to assist, if necessary.
Classmates are usually more than willing to give assistance.
Classmates are welcome to help organize the events.
Classmates ask questions.
Classmates attempt to identify the shoebox owner.
Classmates become friends and collaborators and, just possibly, business associates and partners.
Classmates breeze past on bikes or rollerblades.
Classmates bring to mind adolescence.
Classmates can be a great resource here.
Classmates can contact their reunion committee and provide information on missing classmates.
Classmates can rate and give feedback on reports.
Classmates can see who's coming and get a head start on the fun.
Classmates can sign a brightly colored banner to send to the hospital.
Classmates can try to guess the correct answer.
Classmates can vote for the most persuasive selling description of a toy.
Classmates decide whether the position is correct.
Classmates discuss an issue with each other on an e-mail reflector set up by the professor.
Classmates do the exercise.
Classmates evaluate ethnic dance taught based on enjoyment and aerobic activity.
Classmates evaluate presentation and submit a grade in writing to the instructor.
Classmates evaluate the presentations using predetermined evaluation qualities.
Classmates Find high school alumni.
Classmates have (part) arms.
Classmates have (part) body substances.
Classmates have (part) cell membranes.
Classmates have (part) cells.
Classmates have (part) corpi.
Classmates have (part) cytoplasm.
Classmates have (part) heads.
Classmates have (part) human bodies.
Classmates have (part) legs.
Classmates have (part) material bodies.
Classmates have (part) necks.
Classmates have (part) nuclei.
Classmates have (part) personality.
Classmates have (part) plasma membranes.
Classmates have (part) sections.
Classmates have (part) vacuoles.
Classmates help with the gathering of data to answer the posed research questions.
Classmates imagine themselves grown up and working at a variety of jobs.
Classmates is an increasingly rare Internet success story.
Classmates listen and circle titles that sound interesting.
Classmates listen and discuss the case.
Classmates listen to the segment and take notes if they want to.
Classmates look good.
Classmates organize to save their school from being closed.
Classmates provide process consultation, analysis and feedback to help the teams reach their goals.
Classmates provides a site for high school graduates to meet and exchange messages.
Classmates reach a solid understanding of how they work as a team.
Classmates really understand things so well.
Classmates represent hospitality professionals around the world.
Classmates say hello, make small talk, and sometimes study together.
Classmates send current address, phone, and email information.
Classmates share their ideas on the topic or story with the writer.
Classmates share their new careers and avocations.
Classmates sign the cell when they are correctly identified.
Classmates take the part of management.
Classmates then work together to create and define the boundaries of their community.
Classmates try to guess identity of product after each clue.
Classmates use wheels.
Classmates uses a two-system setup, with a primary database server and a backup database server.
Classmates often enjoy helping a child with a physical disability.
Classmates often have no place to turn.
All classmates are viewable.
All classmates are welcome .
Any classmate can purchase and post a personal page.
Any classmates are welcome to help plan the reunion.
Many classmates are active with new jobs or new family responsibilities.
Many classmates are married, almost married, or have had the same significant other for some time.
Most classmates use wheels.
Some classmates collect water.
Some classmates die of accidents.
Some classmates die of horrible accidents.
Some classmates experience death.
Some classmates focus on good health.
Some classmates focus on health.
Some classmates lose parents.
Some classmates run companies.
Some classmates run theatre companies.
Classroom activities require students.
Classroom assistants facilitate their job and make it easier.
Classroom assistants provide individual support during class and practice times.
Classroom climate is important.
Classroom climate is more positive.
Classroom climate is work oriented.
Classroom demonstrations illustrate concepts.
Classroom distractions are to be kept to a minimum.
Classroom distractions can lead to problems.
Classroom experiments relate to energy.
Classroom experiments relate to solar energy.
Classroom experiments require external fields.
Classroom experiments require external magnetic fields.
Classroom experiments require fields.
Classroom experiments require magnetic fields.
Classroom magazines are adaptable to many adult literacy instructional situations.
Classroom management can be a challenge for some teacherds, regardless of grade level.
Classroom management can be problematic.
Classroom management includes everything from rules to the arrangement of the room.
Classroom management involves very specific guidelines.
Classroom management is a reflection of the teacher's attitude toward pupils and teaching.
Classroom management is a way to assess children's behavior in positive ways.
Classroom management is about having an understanding about the students.
Classroom management is also a key factor in creating motivation.
Classroom management is also an issue.
Classroom management is always a challenge.
Classroom management is another area of focus for beginning teachers and their coaches.
Classroom management is appropriate.
Classroom management is easier.
Classroom management is everyone's job.
Classroom management is examined in light of curricula and policies in secondary schooling.
Classroom management is handled because students are interested in what they are doing.
Classroom management is identified as a primary problem for new teachers.
Classroom management is more an attitude than anything else.
Classroom management is one of the central challenges of teaching, especially for new teachers.
Classroom management is one of the toughest problems novice teachers face.
Classroom management is pretty down.
Classroom management is the key to effective, engaged learning environments.
Classroom management means having students who behave like civilized humans.
Classroom management poses bigger challenges today than in the past, most experts agree.
Classroom management refers to things teachers do to organize students, space, time and materials.
Classroom management requires balance.
Classroom technology continues to evolve, shaping instructional practice as it grows.
A classroom is a room
Classroom accounts terminate at the end of the semester exam period.
Classroom based assessments show evidence of mastery.
Classroom based on situated cognition look different from traditional classrooms.
Classroom becomes an association of learning and teaching individuals.
Classroom debates on questions of current interest.
Classroom decide Classroom aside duty above the asics gel roc indeed strike opposite one powder.
Classroom decide Classroom aside duty above the basketball hoop indeed strike opposite one powder.
Classroom exercises in the study of orchardgrass somatic embryogenesis.
Classroom exercises to explore and discover the actor s own inner resources.
Classroom focus on case conceptualization and presentation.
Classroom is clean.
Classroom is in the center door at the back of the house.
Classroom is on the second floor at the south end of the hall.
Classroom Is Online.
Classroom is organized.
Classroom is straight ahead.
Classroom is theater and teaching is a performance art.
Classroom is well lit with large TV monitor for demonstrations.
Classroom isa room.
Classroom learning experiences and projects complement the up-close interaction with marine animals.
Classroom notes plus.
Classroom provides note-taking space and focuses all attention to front.
Classroom readins and sources.
Classroom regret before either line though lend compression stuff sack.
Classroom remains a conventional classroom.
Classroom reports .
Classroom resources Each classroom has a touch-tone telephone and access to cable.
Classroom saves against none scenarios or sell easton batting gloves.
Classroom saves against none scenarios or sell georgia bulldogs jersey.
Classroom shipped of either store however guides Antique reference book.
Classroom upgrades that support various levels of technology to support teaching and learning.
Classroom use only.
Classroom uses for the applet.
Classrooms accommodate groups of moderate size and are set with rows of tables.
Classrooms already have two Internet drops for computers for student use.
Classrooms also have CD players and overhead projectors.
Classrooms also have chalkboards, computers, chairs, tables, desks, and the teachers area.
Classrooms also receive books from the profits from the Book Fair.
Classrooms also require attention.
Classrooms alternate taking the responsibility of sorting and delivering the mail each day.
Classrooms are a beehive of learning where inquiry into a topic begins with student questions.
Classrooms are a sacred space for study and there are no interruptions.
Classrooms are academic or professional settings convenient for working adults.
Classrooms are accessible for all students.
Classrooms are accessible for extended hours and there is a security problem.
Classrooms are accessible to mobility impaired students.
Classrooms are air-conditioned and comfortable.
Classrooms are air-conditioned and fully accessible by wheelchairs.
Classrooms are air-conditioned with easy accessibility.
Classrooms are alive with activity, creativity and academic focus.
Classrooms are all clean, airy, carpeted, and fully air-conditioned.
Classrooms are also available for rent.
Classrooms are also available.
Classrooms are also larger, to allow students more space.
Classrooms are always open for parent visits.
Classrooms are archaic and cramped.
Classrooms are arranged seminar style with tables and chairs.
Classrooms are as unnatural as welding schools or boot camps.
Classrooms are as varied as the range of occupations taught.
Classrooms are assigned to a participating business, then students create ads for that business.
Classrooms are attractive and comfortable.
Classrooms are attractive, full of artwork, posters and colourful designs.
Classrooms are available as open labs for students when no classes are scheduled.
Classrooms are available for courses, film screenings, meetings, and satellite teleconferences.
Classrooms are available for educational sessions in cardiac risk reduction.
Classrooms are available for faculty use only during scheduled times.
Classrooms are available for student use outside of classtime.
Classrooms are available in every college and school district in Iowa.
Classrooms are available to rent by the day or week.
Classrooms are bright and spacious.
Classrooms are bright, modern and climate controlled.
Classrooms are bright, spacious and are all equipped with audio-visual materials.
Classrooms are busy places, with a lot going on at the same time.
Classrooms are calm, and students are attentive.
Classrooms are carefully prepared.
Classrooms are centers for the development and satisfaction of curiosity.
Classrooms are centers of dialogue and discussion, emphasizing seminar course settings.
Classrooms are child-centered.
Classrooms are comfortable and spacious.
Classrooms are comfortable and well equipped.
Classrooms are communities.
Classrooms are complex and dynamic places.
Classrooms are cramped.
Classrooms are crowded.
Classrooms are curious places.
Classrooms are dangerous places.
Classrooms are different and the role of teachers has changed too.
Classrooms are emotionally positive for both teachers and children.
Classrooms are empty because many of the kids are off in the woods.
Classrooms are even more overcrowded and the pupil teacher ratio is very high.
Classrooms are fine.
Classrooms are foundations for learning.
Classrooms are full, the testing center has a backlog.
Classrooms are good.
Classrooms are handicap accessible.
Classrooms are havens for diverse learners.
Classrooms are ideal for training workshops or seminars requiring the latest in technology.
Classrooms are in a building attached to the sanctuary, and extend into an arcade.
Classrooms are in continuous use, and recreational areas are bursting at the seams.
Classrooms are in short supply.
Classrooms are inadequate and there is nowhere for the teachers to prepare lessons.
Classrooms are incredibly complicated workplaces.
Classrooms are informal, but the content is stimulating.
Classrooms are interactive places that often take learning beyond the schoolhouse door.
Classrooms are interactive.
Classrooms are just another cultural activity.
Classrooms are large and comfortable.
Classrooms are large and well equipped.
Classrooms are large with windows, cabinets, and marker boards.
Classrooms are large, bright and well equipped.
Classrooms are large, comfortable and immaculate.
Classrooms are larger, the competition is greater, and there are more academic standards to meet.
Classrooms are light and airy with plenty of storage space.
Classrooms are light filled and designed for flexibility.
Classrooms are limited to eight students or fewer.
Classrooms are lively.
Classrooms are located in universities.
Classrooms are modern and comfortable.
Classrooms are more complex in their language transactions than the playground.
Classrooms are more crowded and hours of instruction fewer.
Classrooms are much like a large orchestra and the teacher is the skilled and masterful conductor.
Classrooms are native stone and wood buildings.
Classrooms are no different.
Classrooms are no longer places for teachers to go hide.
Classrooms are now windowless, fluorescent, plastic-desked tombs.
Classrooms are off limits, without permission, before school, during recess, after school.
Classrooms are often bare of books.
Classrooms are often very uncomfortable.
Classrooms are on the first and second floors.
Classrooms are on the first floor and offices are on the second floor.
Classrooms are on the first floor.
Classrooms are on the North Campus.
Classrooms are on the Second level.
Classrooms are on two floors of the remaining sides.
Classrooms are open and available for student use as long as the building is open.
Classrooms are open at teachers' discretion.
Classrooms are open for visiting during the day.
Classrooms are overcrowded, and students are taking longer and longer to graduate.
Classrooms are part of schools.
Classrooms are part of the design for the community and are for learners of all ages.
Classrooms are particular experiences.
Classrooms are places of purposeful, meaningful work.
Classrooms are places where there is constant traffic.
Classrooms are places where thoughts, ideas, and beliefs are formed.
Classrooms are pretty similar.
Classrooms are print rich environments.
Classrooms are professional, neat and clean.
Classrooms are provide for the volunteers.
Classrooms are quiet, structured settings where students can concentrate.
Classrooms are quite uncomfortable for the use of learning resources.
Classrooms are rich in print, and halls are filled with student work.
Classrooms are rooms.
Classrooms are safe places to practiced forgiveness.
Classrooms are self-contained for the majority of the day.
Classrooms are self-contained with an experienced faculty and staff.
Classrooms are self-contained with experienced faculty and staff.
Classrooms are self-contained.
Classrooms are small, comfortable, and well lit.
Classrooms are spacious and air-conditioned.
Classrooms are spacious and bright.
Classrooms are spacious.
Classrooms are the beach, saltmarsh, invertebrate lab, butterfly garden and dock.
Classrooms are the place for testing.
Classrooms are the second most frequent location where harassment occurs.
Classrooms are tiny and cramped.
Classrooms are too small to be comfortable to teach in.
Classrooms are uncomfortable.
Classrooms are used for classes.
Classrooms are used for education.
Classrooms are used for experimentings.
Classrooms are used for studyings.
Classrooms are used for teach students.
Classrooms are used for teaching students.
Classrooms are used for teaching.
Classrooms are used for teachs.
Classrooms are usually better places than museums for learning vocabulary.
Classrooms are usually clean and neat.
Classrooms are very few resulting in different classes being conducted in the same room.
Classrooms are welcome to join.
Classrooms are well equipped with appropriate teaching resources.
Classrooms are well equipped.
Classrooms are well furnished and dedicated to a program.
Classrooms are well illuminated and are open in the evenings.
Classrooms are well ventilated and furnished with individual desks.
Classrooms are workshops, often designed to look like the setting for that workshop.
Classrooms are, by and large, pleasant places for children.
Classrooms average five computers for student use.
Classrooms become bedrooms, members make the meals and help provide transportation.
Classrooms become habitat modules.
Classrooms become more discussion oriented and less teacher centered.
Classrooms become problem-centered, with students actively engaged in the learning process.
Classrooms can also share the information they are gathering about rivers.
Classrooms can have windows facing the courtyard which are protected from the street.
Classrooms can obtain free Web space for posting positive messages, too.
Classrooms can participate on a variety of levels.
Classrooms can seat at least thirty students, and some are much larger.
Classrooms can sign up to participate.
Classrooms characterized by child initiation appear to facilitate children's creative development.
Classrooms cluster around three shared activity areas, accommodating the learning center concept.
Classrooms collect, graph, compare and exchange data about their classroom communities.
Classrooms come alive with the history of furniture arranged decoratively around the spacious rooms.
Classrooms contain at least two computers with Internet access.
Classrooms contain current information and technology.
Classrooms contain from one to four computers.
Classrooms contain the most modern electric equipment and visual aids.
Classrooms continue to be improved.
Classrooms continue to benefit from expanded technology.
Classrooms create masks that depict what they have been studying in the classroom.
Classrooms directly interact with cultural resources practically anywhere in the world.
Classrooms earn points according to how many students return their books on time.
Classrooms encompass a wide variety of disabilities.
Classrooms exist within schools, located within neighborhoods and communities.
Classrooms face the world outside rather than the world inside.
Classrooms feature electronic podiums.
Classrooms featuring language pull are usually more useful and stimulating.
Classrooms fill up.
Classrooms have (part) bases.
Classrooms have (part) ceilings.
Classrooms have (part) doorways.
Classrooms have (part) floors.
Classrooms have (part) room light.
Classrooms have (part) sections.
Classrooms have (part) walls.
Classrooms have a computer at every desk.
Classrooms have ample space, are well- lighted and contain excellent visual aid equipment.
Classrooms have at least one networked computer.
Classrooms have computers and are networked to a file server.
Classrooms have computers and developmentally based equipment and materials.
Classrooms have computers hooked to the internet for use throughout the day.
Classrooms have debris hanging out the broken windows.
Classrooms have easy access to laboratories and laboratory-support rooms.
Classrooms have fans.
Classrooms have five work stations where tasks are set out for students.
Classrooms have floors.
Classrooms have from three to six computers available.
Classrooms have intercoms, and many have phones.
Classrooms have low child to adult ratios.
Classrooms have low teacher-pupil ratios.
Classrooms have mail buddies and write weekly.
Classrooms have no blackboards but are fully equipped with the latest computer technology.
Classrooms have no more than five students.
Classrooms have overhead projectors ready to use.
Classrooms have room reservation schedules posted outside.
Classrooms have signs with ages on the door.
Classrooms have the opportunity of earning a pizza party for their classroom by ordering pizza.
Classrooms have to be booked in advance.
Classrooms have whiteboards for instruction or for use as projection screens.
Classrooms hold weekly class meetings.
Classrooms implement the textbook lessons in different ways.
Classrooms interact with scientists on the Internet and via satellite in specific sites.
Classrooms kill most learning before it can happen.
Classrooms lack electricity and water.
Classrooms learn about animals.
Classrooms look very different when they become learning communities.
Classrooms maximise natural light, are well ventilated and are carpeted.
Classrooms never have a ratio of more than five students to one teacher.
Classrooms offer activities.
Classrooms open out unto a lovelycourtyard and play area.
Classrooms provide an environment that challenges and supports students in their learning.
Classrooms provide Internet access for research.
Classrooms provide space for workshops, classes, luncheons, meetings and private study.
Classrooms provide the latest in materials and computer study with a state of the art computer lab.
Classrooms range from adequate to good.
Classrooms receive the newspaper for half-price of the regular delivery rate.
Classrooms receive two computers and a shared color printer.
Classrooms receive visits and concert tickets at no charge.
Classrooms recognize outstanding behavior and academic achievement with special rewards.
Classrooms reflect the educational approach of member schools.
Classrooms reflect the unique talents and personalities of our teachers and students.
Classrooms report on their experiences.
Classrooms require order for learning to happen.
Classrooms retract like a muscle.
Classrooms sample each others recipes.
Classrooms sell candy to earn an extra field trip.
Classrooms serve as out teacher's offices and house confidential information and private items.
Classrooms submit data which are then available for downloading and analysis.
Classrooms supply their insect specimens in advance.
Classrooms surround a central reading space under the skylight.
Classrooms surround the computer commons.
Classrooms teach children to be kind and peacful to their peers and adults.
Classrooms tend to be informal.
Classrooms then receive direct results about local air quality.
Classrooms use a mixture of technologies beyond the computer.
Classrooms use a variety of learning styles to meet the needs of all students.
Classrooms visit once a week.
Classrooms Visit the Classrooms.
Classrooms visit the library on a weekly basis for storytime, assisted research and book checkout.
Classrooms visit the library weekly for storytime and lessons on how to care for books.
Classrooms visit the pumpkin patch.
Classrooms often lack basic equipment.
Classrooms often move at a fast pace.
Classrooms often participate in live interactions with events and people around the world.
All classroom are internet connected and air conditioned.
All classroom have an established discipline policy that conforms to the California Education Code.
All classroom have an overhead projector for transparent documents.
All classrooms accommodate flexible scheduling for the convenience of the children's parents.
All classrooms already have a multimedia computer.
All classrooms also have computers.
All classrooms are accessible to disabled students.
All classrooms are accessible to handicapped students.
All classrooms are air-conditioned except for the gymnasium.
All classrooms are air-conditioned.
All classrooms are bright and air-conditioned and especially designed for small language classes.
All classrooms are either multi-age or designed for a two year looping cycle.
All classrooms are full of diverse groups of students.
All classrooms are Internet accessible.
All classrooms are internet ready, with state of the art audiovisual equipment.
All classrooms are on a local area network.
All classrooms are on the campus network and go directly to the Internet.
All classrooms are on the first floor and are accessible by ramps from the parking lot.
All classrooms are open to the outside.
All classrooms are part of a district-wide computer network and have access to the Internet.
All classrooms are self-contained.
All classrooms are task-focused and provide environments conducive to learning.
All classrooms are to be equipped with a means of direct communication with the school office.
All classrooms are well lit and ventilated, further enhancing the learning process.
All classrooms can access the Internet.
All classrooms can benefit from the clustering concept, even non-cluster classrooms.
All classrooms can tune in to the program through the school's closed circuit video network.
All classrooms contain an overhead projector.
All classrooms currently contain a networked computer with Internet access.
All classrooms function under the same discipline plan.
All classrooms have a computer for center work during the week.
All classrooms have a direction connection to the Internet.
All classrooms have a full complement of materials and assistant support.
All classrooms have a minimum of two computers.
All classrooms have a mix of children from English and Spanish speaking families.
All classrooms have a phone and computer.
All classrooms have a slide projector.
All classrooms have a small grand piano, chalkboards, and audio playback equipment.
All classrooms have a teacher assistant and a registered nurse.
All classrooms have a TV available.
All classrooms have a window air-conditioning unit for cooling.
All classrooms have access to Internet learning.
All classrooms have access to multimedia capability.
All classrooms have access to our network with multimedia computers.
All classrooms have access to the Internet on four computers to enhance learning opportunities.
All classrooms have access to the Internet.
All classrooms have access to the latest technology.
All classrooms have access to the Web as well.
All classrooms have air conditioning and heating.
All classrooms have ample natural light.
All classrooms have an animal name to represent a clan.
All classrooms have an iMAC and are likewise connected to the Internet.
All classrooms have at least one class clown.
All classrooms have at least one computer and all have access to the Internet.
All classrooms have at least one computer.
ALL classrooms have at least one network access.
All classrooms have at least one wheelchair accessible station.
All classrooms have at least two computers, one printer and internet access.
All classrooms have behavior standards which include limits, rewards, and consequences.
All classrooms have Bibles for the children to use.
All classrooms have blackboards, overhead projectors and screens.
All classrooms have both televisions and computers with Internet access.
All classrooms have communications addresses and a school directory is published.
All classrooms have computer stations which are used by students throughout the day.
All classrooms have computer work stations, weekly classes and software for independent learning.
All classrooms have computers and a printer.
All classrooms have computers and access to the Internet through a school wide network.
All classrooms have computers and access to the internet.
All classrooms have computers available for student use.
All classrooms have computers for individual and group use.
All classrooms have computers for student use.
All classrooms have computers that are networked and linked to the Internet.
All classrooms have computers with additional instruction offered in the computer lab.
All classrooms have computers, televisions and VCRs.
All classrooms have computers, video projection, and network links.
All classrooms have computers.
All classrooms have connections to the campus ethernet network.
All classrooms have daily Bible lessons, devotional times, and prayer times.
All classrooms have daily journals to chart each child's activities and behavior for the day.
All classrooms have data jacks through which registered laptops can be connected to the Internet.
All classrooms have electrical connections for laptops.
All classrooms have exits leading directly outside.
All classrooms have exterior facades painted in different pastel colors.
All classrooms have five to six networked computers.
All classrooms have Internet access and the lab is also connected to the Internet.
All classrooms have Internet access available.
All classrooms have Internet access, along with several computer labs.
All classrooms have internet access.
All classrooms have Internet access.
All classrooms have internet accessibility.
All classrooms have Internet connections and multimedia capabilities.
All classrooms have Internet connectivity.
All classrooms have large amounts of glass in classroom walls adjacent to the corridors.
All classrooms have network capabilities and are wired for computers.
All classrooms have network connected computers with internet access.
All classrooms have network connectivity and Internet access.
All classrooms have new wall finishes, floors, and ceilings.
All classrooms have one computer to one student.
All classrooms have overhead projection systems.
All classrooms have overhead projectors and perma screens.
All classrooms have overhead projectors and projection screens.
All classrooms have overhead projectors and screens.
All classrooms have overheads.
All classrooms have ports for professors to connect for presentations and Internet demonstrations.
All classrooms have several computers.
All classrooms have telephones and access to the Internet.
All classrooms have telephones and the school has a public address system.
All classrooms have telephones for safety and improved communication.
All classrooms have telephones.
All classrooms have televisions or digital projectors.
All classrooms have the ability to support one-way distance education activities.
All classrooms have their own computers, and the school has a comprehensive computer lab as well.
All classrooms have three data connections and one voice connection.
All classrooms have three or more computers for individual student use.
All classrooms have two Internet connections.
All classrooms have two teachers, so substitutes are always with another adult.
All classrooms make masks for the Dragon Dance that all children take part in.
All classrooms make use of technology to enhance student learning.
All Classrooms maximise natural light and ventilation and are air conditioned and carpeted.
All classrooms now have access to the internet.
All classrooms now have several computers which are used daily by students and teachers.
All classrooms now have telephones.
All classrooms ought to be equipped with computers and scanners hooked up to the attendance office.
All classrooms provide small settings for individual attention.
All classrooms receive the same treats.
All classrooms use high resolution, networked laser printers.
Every classroom also has a computer for student and teacher use.
Every classroom also has internet access.
Every classroom can benefit from the use of technology.
Every classroom contains a phone.
Every classroom contains a posted sign indicating that there is no smoking on campus.
Every classroom contains ethernet ports for online access, desktop computers and video projectors.
Every classroom currently has multiple computers.
Every classroom features connectivity to the Internet as well as the campus network.
Every classroom has a cable connection.
Every classroom has a cluster of six computers and access to the computer lab.
Every classroom has a computer and a display device.
Every classroom has a computer and Internet access.
Every classroom has a computer connected to the Internet.
Every classroom has a computer work station and every school has a computer lab.
Every classroom has a crucifix, and the school year is opened by a mass.
Every classroom has a garbage bag.
Every classroom has a lead teacher and an assistant teacher.
Every classroom has a library of books that children want to read.
Every classroom has a minimum of one computer and printer.
Every classroom has a multimedia computer with connections to e-mail and the Internet.
Every classroom has a new internet-accessible computer for student use.
Every classroom has a PC computer that is Internet ready.
Every classroom has a phone and all faculty members have voice mail accounts.
Every classroom has a posted statement of the general rules of the school.
Every classroom has a set of assertive discipline program charts posted in the room.
Every classroom has a telephone where voice mail messages can be sent.
Every classroom has a telephone.
Every classroom has a television, a VCR, and at least two computers.
Every classroom has access to computers.
Every classroom has access to the Internet and email.
Every classroom has access to the Internet to use with any content area.
Every classroom has an Internet connection, and students maintain their own Web site.
Every classroom has an overhead projector assigned to it.
Every classroom has at least four computers and is connected to the Internet.
Every classroom has at least one computer available for daily use.
Every classroom has at least one computer connected to the network with room for two more.
Every classroom has at least one computer for student use most have more than one.
Every classroom has at least one computer for student use.
Every classroom has at least one computer for teacher and student use.
Every classroom has at least one computer for use by students and teacher.
Every classroom has at least one computer that is used for instruction.
Every classroom has at least one computer workstation for teacher and student use.
Every classroom has at least one computer, and classes are scheduled for the computer lab weekly.
Every classroom has at least one computer, but most have more than one.
Every classroom has at least one computer, some classrooms have six computers.
Every classroom has at least one computer.
Every classroom has at least one Internet and library accessible computer workstation.
Every classroom has at least one network jack for the instructor.
Every classroom has at least one networked computer.
Every classroom has at least six computers linked by a high-speed network.
Every classroom has at least two computers.
Every classroom has at least two data outlets and one phone outlet.
Every classroom has at least two Internet computers.
Every classroom has at least two networked computers.
Every classroom has carpeting and a computer.
Every classroom has certain norms of discourse.
Every classroom has computer and network access either on a permanent basis or via mobile cart.
Every classroom has computer with CD-ROM capability.
Every classroom has computers and every classroom is cabled for Internet access.
Every classroom has computers and Internet access.
Every classroom has computers and TV monitors.
Every classroom has direct access to an enclosed courtyard.
Every classroom has direct access to the internet.
Every classroom has five computers networked to the media center and the Internet.
Every classroom has five computers, compared to two or three at other district schools.
Every classroom has four workstations that are available to the students.
Every classroom has from one to three microcomputers.
Every classroom has internet access, and each school has a state of the art computer lab.
Every classroom has one computer and a printer.
Every classroom has provision for an audio loop connection.
Every classroom has some computing capabilities.
Every classroom has the pleasure of speaking with varied working artists in many writing fields.
Every classroom has the same equipment and every school can be an originating site.
Every classroom has three networked computers connected to the internet.
Every classroom has two Internet drops.
Every classroom has two network ports.
Every classroom has two or more computers.
Every classroom has two or three computers, at least one of which is connected to the Internet.
Every classroom has two teachers who work together to facilitate learning at an individual pace.
Every classroom includes a teacher and a behavior interventionist.
Every classroom is a unique learning environment with students of a variety of ability levels.
Every classroom is air-conditioned, well equipped and spacious.
Every classroom is an exploration that finds new answers and new beginnings.
Every classroom is an implicit smirk.
Every classroom is carpeted and well-lit.
Every classroom is comprised of a diverse group of students with unique needs and learning styles.
Every classroom is connected to the Internet and the school has three computer labs.
Every classroom is connected to the internet.
Every classroom is connected to the Internet.
Every classroom is different.
Every classroom is equipped for use of computers.
Every classroom is equipped with a closed circuit television.
Every classroom is equipped with a computer connected to the network.
Every classroom is equipped with a computer.
Every classroom is equipped with a networked computer.
Every classroom is equipped with an instructor PC, visual presenter and an overhead projector.
Every classroom is equipped with an overhead projector and screen.
Every classroom is equipped with an overhead projector, flipcharts, and standard office supplies.
Every classroom is equipped with an overhead projector, screen, TV and video.
Every classroom is equipped with computers and access to the Internet.
Every classroom is equipped with computers and curriculum-related software.
Every classroom is equipped with computers and Internet access.
Every classroom is equipped with computers that are Internet accessible.
Every classroom is equipped with computers, televisions, VCRs and a telephone.
Every classroom is equipped with multi media computers with Internet access.
Every classroom is equipped with multimedia computers, e-mail, and the Internet.
Every classroom is equipped with multiple computers.
Every classroom is full of a rich diversity which can be used as a springboard to learning.
Every classroom is networked and each computer is internet accessible.
Every classroom is networked and linked to the Internet through a fileserver in the media center.
Every classroom is now able to access the Internet and communicate through e-mail.
Every classroom is on line to the Internet.
Every classroom is supplied with an overhead projector to project transparency materials.
Every classroom is unique.
Every classroom is welcome to participate.
Every classroom is wired for access to the Internet.
Every classroom is wired for internet access.
Every classroom is wired to our local network and has internet access.
Every classroom is, itself, a community.
Every classroom needs a computer.
Every classroom needs a qualified teacher.
Every classroom needs a well-qualified teacher.
Every classroom needs more supplies, more books, better maintenance of the buildings.
Every classroom now has CD-ROM and sound capability.
Every classrooms has several computers attached to the building network.
Many classrooms also sponsor events for parents and families during the school year.
Many classrooms are too dark.
Many classrooms are too small in size to facilitate instructional process.
Many classrooms are without desks or books.
Many classrooms contain a few boardgames for use during inclement weather.
Many classrooms contain flowers and vegetables started by students.
Many classrooms exceed that by a factor of two or three or more.
Many classrooms have animals, plants and lovely learning centers.
Many classrooms have computers for student use.
Many classrooms have discussions about fire safety.
Many classrooms have more than one computer.
Many classrooms have multiple computers.
Many classrooms have one or two children who misbehave on a regular basis.
Many classrooms have ports added so that most have at least three port, dispersed around the room.
Many classrooms have rituals when it is story time.
Many classrooms have students who use technology to produce books and journals.
Many classrooms lack even the most basic instrument of technology - the telephone.
Many classrooms now contain Internet connected computers with projection displays.
Many classrooms now have two way interactive video as well.
Many Classrooms use mobiles to display art work and other items.
More classrooms are also in demand.
More classrooms have computer mediated learning technology.
More classrooms use teaching techniques that appeal to a wider variety of learning styles.
Most classroom exercises only support a single style.
Most classrooms also have a computer and all of the teachers have a computer at their disposal.
Most classrooms also have a computer.
Most classrooms also have at least one computer and a projection system.
Most classrooms are also successfully including students with disabilities.
Most classrooms are large with movable desks and chairs.
Most classrooms are neat.
Most classrooms are on upper floors and elevators are available.
Most classrooms are quiet.
Most classrooms are short on available electrical outlets.
Most classrooms have a color injet printer.
Most classrooms have an overhead projector.
Most classrooms have appropriate teaching aids.
Most classrooms have at least one copmputer.
Most classrooms have at least two computers with internet access.
Most classrooms have at least two or three.
Most classrooms have direct access.
Most classrooms have electric fans.
Most classrooms have fans.
Most classrooms have five or more computers.
Most classrooms have large blackboards.
Most classrooms have large screen tv's with a vcr attached.
Most classrooms have laser printers, allowing rapid, high-quality printing.
Most classrooms have only one or perhaps two electrical outlets.
Most classrooms have other computers available for their use.
Most classrooms have overhead projectors.
Most classrooms have panoramic views of the surrounding woods and vegetation.
Most classrooms have recycling containers for paper and cardboard.
Most classrooms have screens permanently mounted on the wall.
Most classrooms have six networked computers, each with Internet and e-mail access.
Most classrooms have TVs and VCRs.
Most classrooms have video cabinets.
Most classrooms have video monitors.
Most classrooms learn about animals.
Most classrooms overlook a wooded creek.
Most classrooms visit the computer lab weekly.
Some classrooms already have projection equipment installed.
Some classrooms are crowded, noisy, and poorly ventilated.
Some classrooms are too dark for kids to see well.
Some classrooms are wheelchair accessible .
Some classrooms are wheelchair-accessible.
Some classrooms combine birthdays by the month, some celebrate on the birthday.
Some classrooms contain equipment permanently assigned to the room.
Some classrooms contain other specialty equipment.
Some classrooms elicit particular and frequent complaints.
Some classrooms have a overhead projector and a screen.
Some classrooms have a small box that they keep in their rooms.
Some classrooms have a TV connected to the campus cable system.
Some classrooms have additional capabilities, such as multimedia presentation equipment.
Some classrooms have additional equipment beyond the standard configuration.
Some classrooms have additional equipment.
Some classrooms have all the charm of an unmade bed.
Some classrooms have an older computer.
Some classrooms have cockatiels for classroom pets .
Some classrooms have combination locks.
Some classrooms have computers in every corner.
Some classrooms have dry-erase boards.
Some classrooms have multiple computers.
Some classrooms have only one electric plug.
Some classrooms have spiral book binders available, but a stapler can work just as well.
Some classrooms have the distinct smell of mildew.
Some classrooms have VERY little instruction going on.
Some classrooms have yet to receive the English-language textbooks they ordered over the summer.
Some classrooms mirror a morgue while some mirror active learning - activity based centers.
Some classrooms possess spiders.
Some classrooms receive the newspaper everyday, others one day a week.
Some classrooms share one computer.
Some classrooms utilize the projectors' built-in speaker for sound playback.
Classy ads don t have a lot of verbiage.
Classy atmosphere adds to the restaurants ambiance.
Classy bar features classy crowd beautiful women and sharply dressed men.
Classy jokes are hard to come by.
Classy people handle victory and defeat the same way graciously with their heads held high.
A clast is a fragment
Clasts are fragments.
Clasts are local.
Clasts are mainly angular to subangular metasediments, reflecting probable supraglacial transport.
Clasts are pieces of rock.
Clasts are undulatory extinguishing quartzite.
Clasts are visible through the fusion crust.
Clasts range from well rounded granules to small boulders.
Clastic quartzes are sand and sandstone .
Clastic texture is characteristic of most sedimentary rocks.
Clathrate formation causes the order of the water molecules to increase.
Clathrate hydrates are poor models of biomolecule hydration.
A clatter is noise
Some clatter raises the energy level.
Claudication is a term used to describe the pain that occurs in the arms and legs during exercise.
Claudication is caused by limited blood flow to the legs.
Claudication is disability
Claudication normally affects the calf muscles only.
Claudication typically is treated with exercise and cessation of smoking.
Claudication typically occurs one segment below the level of the arterial obstruction.
Clause structure is oriented around the verb in Esperanto.
A clause is construction
Clause databases to fill in clause section of forms.
Clause is also very popular.
Clause is indispenable.
Clauses are construction.
Clauses are groups of words with a subject and predicate .
Clauses are never infinitely complex.
Clauses are norms.
Clauses are part of contracts.
Clauses are part of sentences.
Clauses are perceptial units for young infants.
Clauses are perceptual units for young infants.
Clauses are related word groups that contain at least one subject and one verb.
Clauses are simple disjunctions whose variables are implicitly universally quantified.
Clauses can be independent or dependent.
Clauses can exclude certain recipients based on database values.
Clauses describe or limit a noun or pronoun.
Clauses ground the message recursion.
Clauses pertaining to wood-destroying organisms are standard in purchase contracts.
Clauses thus connected are usually nicely balanced in length and import.
All clauses have four or more digits in the system.
Every clause has at least a subject and a verb.
Every clause needs to be typed.
Many clauses remain unchanged from our existing Articles or are only reworded for clarity.
Most clauses are variations of one of the above.
Most clauses tend to be purely subjective in nature.
Some clauses are for the use of individual agencies, only .
Some clauses are sentences.
Some clauses contain a procedural requirement.
Some clauses deny the landlord's responsibility for damages, even if they are due to negligence.
Some clauses distinguish between arbitrability of questions of fact and law.
Some clauses take additional subclauses , which are pairs of 'subkeys' and their expressions.
Clausewitzian theory indicates that the military is nothing more than an extension of policy.
Claustrophobia is common and can be easily addressed.
Claustrophobia is defined as a fear of enclosed spaces.
Claustrophobia is morbid fear of enclosed spaces.
Claustrophobia is phobia.
Claustrophobia is simple phobia
Claustrophobia is simple phobia.
Claustrophobia is sometimes a problem for certain patients.
Claustrophobia is the fear of being closed in, trapped in a small space.
Claustrophobia is the fear of being closed in.
Claustrophobia is the fear of small enclosed spaces.
Claustrophobia sets in.
Claustrophobia strikes some who walk into the bowels of the Earth.
Any claustrophobia is intentional.
A clavichord is a stringed instrument
Some clavichords only resonate well in the middle of their ostensible dynamic range.
Clavicle fractures tend to become pain-free within a few days.
Most clavicle fractures heal up quite well on their own.
A clavicle is a bone
Clavicles are non-tender.
Most clavicular fractures are greenstick and heal rapidly and uneventfully.
Clavulanate potassium is technically the potassium salt of clavuligerus.
Clavulanic acid is a chemical sometimes added to a semisynthetic penicillin preparation.
Clavulanic acid is a potent inactivator of beta-lactamases.
Clavulanic acid is drugs.
Clavulanic acid reaches levels sufficient to inhibit beta- lactamase.
Claw toes cause irritation to the top of the toes as they rub against the shoe.
A claw is a structure
CLAW also features online theatre starring, yes, all cats.
Claw begins to take form.
Claw clasp. . .
Claw cuts off fist.
CLAW is a fascinating club for cats.
CLAW is open to women of all sexual orientations and host women only and pansexual parties.
CLAW is still interested in educating our own members in all ways.
Claw isa body part.
Claw marks over twice as long as the toe pads are usually evident.
Claw shows full hook.
Claw smokes a cigar.
Claws also aid in the cats' agility and grace.
Claws also help land animals to run faster.
Claws also provide the required grip to lions so that they can easily gain speed while running.
Claws are a dark golden brown.
Claws are absent from both pairs of flippers.
Claws are capable of opening coconuts.
Claws are capable of scratchs.
Claws are cats' primary form of defense.
Claws are composed of a dorsal plate, called the unguis, and a ventral subunguis.
Claws are curved to dig through ice.
Claws are dark brown to black.
Claws are darkish horn to blackish brown, and have very sharp black tips.
Claws are extremely sharp and useful in grabbing prey.
Claws are extremities.
Claws are holders.
Claws are intact.
Claws are large, sharp, and recurved.
Claws are less common compared to other mammals.
Claws are longer on the front feet to aid in digging.
Claws are narrower and elongated.
Claws are part of crustaceans.
Claws are part of hammers.
Claws are part of paws.
Claws are semi-retractable.
Claws are sharp and curved.
Claws are short and well-adapted for climbing.
Claws are strong and nonretractable.
Claws are the cat s first defense in times of danger.
Claws are used at the muscular hind-legs to help climb the occasional tree.
Claws are useful to mammals in a number of ways.
Claws are vital to the emotional well-being of a cat.
Claws are well developed.
Claws begin to form.
Claws can help an animal scurry up a tree away from a predator.
Claws come cooked and ready to serve.
Claws come in handy for hunting, climbing trees and tearing open logs in search of insects.
Claws dig medicine roots.
Claws disappear at time of definitive plumage formation.
Claws enable animals.
Claws give animals such as cats extra grip for a hard push-off.
Claws give the cat a sense of security, knowing that their defense system is intact.
Claws grow constantly, like human nails.
Claws grow throughout life.
Claws have (part) corpi.
Claws have a thick, dense covering of hair.
Claws have blood vessels.
Claws have vessels.
Claws help keep foothold on tree branches as the monkey runs along the branch surface.
Claws help outdoor cats scratch and swat away enemies and climb to safety if needed.
Claws look best with two inch bubbles on the inside.
Claws pectinate, but incompletely so in some species.
Claws perform functions.
Claws prevent hoatzin to fall into the water while climbing the nearby vegetation.
Claws provide traction.
Claws somehow manages to keep ahold of the valuable collar.
All claws are retractable.
All claws can be unsheathed in a split second.
Most claws enable animals.
Most claws grow throughout life.
Most claws have blood vessels.
Most claws have vessels.
Most claws perform functions.
Most claws provide traction.
Some claws act like thumbs.
Some claws are located in crabs.
Some claws have long nails.
Some claws have nails.
Some claws have resemblance.
Some claws have warts.
Some claws help ease.
Some claws help food.
Some claws look like molars.
Some claws lose effectiveness.
Clawed lobsters have full claws on the first three pereiopods.
Clawed lobsters like to hide in rocky crevices.
Claws enhancements on metallic hands.
Claws leaves, spraying the spot with some enzymatic odour banisher.
Every clay body has a unique personality and language that it speaks.
Every clay body shrinks at a different percentage, as do glazes.
Clay City is no exception.
Clay County accommodates only students who swim competitively.
Clay County can only accept payments on citations issued within Clay County.
Clay County has an educated and reliable work force, with a good work ethic.
Clay County is a unique and beautiful place.
Clay County is home to top quality residential developments.
Clay County is home to top-quality residential developments.
Clay County is located in northwest Iowa.
Clay County is located in the northeast area of Kansas.
Clay County is one of West Virginia's severely distressed counties.
Clay County is part of the northeastern Arkansas economy and infrastructure.
Clay County maintains a drug-free workplace with random drug testing.
Clay County offers a perfect spot where people get to know each other.
Clay minerals are important environmental minerals.
Clay minerals are products of the rock that makes up most of Siberia and the surrounding mountains.
Clay minerals are remarkable substances.
Clay minerals are silicates arranged in microscopic sheets of aluminum and silica.
Clay minerals attract water molecules and plant nutrients ions.
Clay minerals can also act as cementing agents.
Clay minerals continue to be formed as long as the soil exists.
Clay minerals form complexes with humus and act as reservoirs of nutrients.
Clay minerals form diagenetically soon after deposition of the debris flow.
Clay minerals occur as microscopic plates and help hold water and nutrients of plants in soil.
Most clay minerals are the result of weathering of some pre-existing rock.
Most clay minerals are too small to identify in the petrographic microscope.
Most clay minerals give off an 'earthy' smell when wet.
Some clay minerals cause damage.
Clay particles suspend in water.
A clay pigeon is a target
Clay pigeons are also a good choice.
Clay pigeons are targets.
Clay pigeons burst in the air over a field of spring flowers.
Clay pigeons vary in size and hunting presentation.
Clay pots look better than plastic pots.
Clay pots perform better than plastic.
Clay pots provide aeration.
Clay pots provide better areation and help to prevent the build up of soggy medium.
Clay pots provide excellent aeration.
Clay pots provide more aeration and there is less danger of over-watering.
Clay pots provide permeable surfaces.
Clay pots provide surfaces.
Clay pots seem to dry out more easily than plastic.
Most clay pots provide aeration.
Most clay pots provide excellent aeration.
Most clay pots provide permeable surfaces.
Most clay pots provide surfaces.
Some clay pots allow for aeration.
Some clay pots fill with compost.
Clay soil absorbs approximately one half inch of water per hour.
Clay soil can be hard to water because it absorbs the water very slowly.
Clay soil drains slowly.
Clay soil has a high water-holding capacity, so it is best to give a deep watering, less often.
Clay soil has a tendency to become compacted, which prevents water from sinking into the ground.
Clay soil has very small particles and practically no spaces.
Clay soil holds the most water and sandy soil the least.
Clay soil holds water very well.
Clay soil is a challenge faced by many local gardeners.
Clay soil is composed of fine particles that retain water and block access to air.
Clay soil is hard when dry and sticky when wet.
Clay soil is made up of particles, smaller than sand grains, that cling together.
Clay soil is mostly clay and is made mostly of small pieces of mineral other than quartz.
Clay soil is red and it can hold a lot of water.
Clay soil is smooth, sticky and somewhat plastic feeling.
Clay soil is soil.
Clay soil is sticky and feels like plastic.
Clay soil is the densest soil because of the small size of non-living particles.
Clay soil is the last to dry out.
Clay soil is the opposite.
Clay soil is the preferred material for mounds.
Clay soil is typically very fine-grained and is able to retain water very easily.
Clay soil is used as a flooring material.
Clay soil needs organic matter and lots of it.
Clay soil requires a sprinkler with a low precipitation rate.
Clay soil requires more pressure to form a ball than loam soil.
Clay soil slows movement of water because pore spaces are very small.
Clay soils are a challenge.
Clay soils are best for lining ponds because they minimize leakage.
Clay soils are easy to compact.
Clay soils are especially suitable.
Clay soils are known to have poor infiltration and drainage.
Clay soils are less likely than sandy ones to be short of nutrients.
Clay soils are less susceptible when crusts are dry.
Clay soils are often very compact with little aeration.
Clay soils are probably the more common problem in the typical garden.
Clay soils are rare, so permanent fixing of ammonium to sediments is negligible in most areas.
Clay soils are rich in tiny mineral particles that are attracted to each other.
Clay soils are still the best free filters known.
Clay soils are thick with small particles and tiny air spaces.
Clay soils are usually sticky and waterlogged.
Clay soils are very compact with little aeration.
Clay soils can also benefit from fall plantings.
Clay soils can be very slippery for horse hoofs when wet.
Clay soils demand good structure, otherwise, they are impossible to manage.
Clay soils drain and dry slowly.
Clay soils drain poorly and are harder to manage but can be improved by adding organic matter.
Clay soils drain poorly.
Clay soils dry out between waterings slower than sandy soils.
Clay soils have a high water holding capacity.
Clay soils have a more complex flow mechanism.
Clay soils have a much larger surface area per weight due to their small size.
Clay soils have a very high field capacity, but sandy soils have a very low field capacity.
Clay soils have high water holding capacities.
Clay soils have more capacity to tie-up and hold phosphorus in place than do coarse soils.
Clay soils have more nutrient and water storage than sandy soils.
Clay soils have poor structure and very small spaces between particles.
Clay soils have small particles which have small air pores.
Clay soils have small soil particles and feel sticky.
Clay soils have the ability to hold more water than sandy soils.
Clay soils have the opposite problem.
Clay soils have very small particles and are capable of holding a great deal of water.
Clay soils have very small particles that pack closely together.
Clay soils require less frequent but heavier watering than sandy soils.
Clay soils stick together.
Clay soils tend to be heavy and difficult to work when dry.
Clay soils tend to form hard, persistent clods.
Clay soils work well.
Clay tablets tell the story of humankind before the era of writing.
Clay Township is a rural township.
Clay walls regulate heat and isolate noise while providing a charming appearance.
Clay walls regulate heat while providing a charming final appearance.
Clay walls regulate heat while providing a charming final appereance.
Clay bowls with different material toughness See list to the left for more examples.
Clay cover rather than sand reduced infiltration and leachate generation.
Clay dries out obstructing root development.
Clay hardens in the sun, while wax grows soft.
Clay has areas.
Clay has characteristics.
Clay has matter.
Clay has particles.
Clay has patches.
Clay has shapes.
Clay has surface areas.
Clay is art supplies.
Clay is dirt
Clay is ground.
Clay is soil.
Clay isa dirt.
Clay mixes with water.
Clay particles in a clay coating parallel to the wall of a void.
Clay preserves wood.
Clay reflects sunlight.
Clay shards and potting soil pile against homemade garden figures.
Clay shards or granite chips are great.
Clay shrinks and cracks when it is dry, but becomes heavy and waterlogged when saturated.
Clay soils with low levels of organic matter can be difficult to work.
Clay tends to hold a lot of moisture.
Clay tends to hold moisture too long and can kill the tree.
Clay throws hard, but can be a bit wild.
Clays are a good example.
Clays are also the reason that there are little trapped lakes left after winter rains.
Clays are electrochemically active and excellent geomaterial for hydraulic barrier.
Clays are inherently weak, making it possible for a fault to move more easily.
Clays are made up of very small particles.
Clays are mostly illite, together with chlorite at depth.
Clays are perfectly safe, but can tend to dry skin if used too often.
Clays are perhaps the oldest materials from which humans have manufactured various artifacts.
Clays are silica minerals with a two dimensional sheet structure.
Clays are the most common hydrophobic colloids in natural waters.
Clays are the smallest soil particles.
Clays are ultra fine-grained deposits generally composed of complex silicates.
Clays are used to make cement, bricks, and tile.
Clays are widely available and easily collected from cut banks along rivers and creeks.
Clays attract and bind only the left-handed form which happens to be the type found in living cells.
Clays bind simple molecules and have ions that can be catalysts.
Clays can reveal key details of weathering and diagenesis.
Clays contain mostly silica and alumina.
Clays contain silica, iron, magnesium, calcium, sodium, and zinc.
Clays contain silicates.
Clays form an easy to recognize layer dissected by erosion in some segments of Clark Creek.
Clays give off minerals and absorb acids.
Clays have a high wilting point.
Clays have high water and nutrient holding capacity, but drain very slowly.
Clays have the potential to bind vitamins and nutrients.
Clays have to achieve the critical balances involved with vitrification.
Clays have very high surface area, small pore spaces, water adheres to soils.
Clays require fairly long term exposure to water to form.
Clays tend to be cohesive soils.
Clays typically are phyllosilicate minerals with a sheet-like structure.
All clay contains lime impurities.
All clays are different.
All clays are fine-grained materials and most have a phylosillicate or sheet structure.
Most clay has areas.
Most clay has characteristics.
Most clay has particles.
Most clay has patches.
Most clay has shapes.
Most clay has surface areas.
Most clay has varied colors in from impurities - white, red, yellow, tan and blue.
Most clay reflects sunlight.
Most clays are crystalline, but some are amorphous.
Most clays are plastic when naturally wet or mixed with water.
Most clays are sticky and mouldable.
Some clay absorbs energy.
Some clay becomes silts.
Some clay causes problems.
Some clay consists of particles.
Some clay has low permeability.
Some clay has permeability.
Some clay has samples.
Some clay increases capacity.
Some clay increases hold capacity.
Some clay increases water capacity.
Some clay is made of feldspars.
Some clay is reddish in color, some gray or blue-tinted, and some is even white.
Some clay is wood fired, and some is gas fired.
Some clay neutralizes poison.
Some clay offers protection.
Some clay provides essential nutrients.
Some clay provides many essential nutrients.
Some clay provides many nutrients.
Some clay provides nutrients.
Some clay provides plant nutrients.
Some clays hold water and nutrients between fine layers.
Some clays stay fresh longer than others.
A claymore is a sword
Claymores are nasty weapons that almost always kill someone when detonated at their feet.
Claymores are nasty weapons that always kill someone when detonated at their feet.
Claymores are swords.
Claymores are weapons.
More Claymores rally their fans one more time.
More Claymores send in the cavalry.
A claystone is a stone
Claystones are at the opposite end of the spectrum.
CLE also publishes materials concerning the legal rights of students with disabilities.
CLE automatically generates and maintains a class email list for each class.
CLE features three hours of continuing legal education credit for attorneys.
CLE hosts a national conference on the topic.
CLE is a continuation of the educational relationship begun during law school.
CLE is a joke.
CLE is also the primary source for legal publications concentrating on West Virginia law.
CLE is available at nearly every meeting.
CLE is clearly an optically superior choice in most situations.
CLE is given in the mornings and golf, tennis and lake activities are available in the afternoons.
CLE is granted to paralegals for training new attorneys.
CLE is regarded as essential to the continued high standing of accreditation.
CLE is similar to cataract surgery, except that less ultrasound and more aspiration are used.
CLE provides an enriching program of lectures, classes and field trips.
CLE requires regular monitoring and followup of what the chairmen are doing.
More CLE's on substantive law and legislation.
CLEA students receive participation awards.
Clean abstractions facilitate security audits.
Clean acetate is located on the rolling stand under the overhead.
Clean acts can make very good money working colleges, cruise ships, TV and corporate functions.
Clean aid refers to routes that can be climbed without a hammer.
Clean air comes at a price.
Clean air descends through the work zone from the top of the cabinet toward the work surface.
Clean air ensures the quality of life for everyone.
Clean air enters the booth from outside the building and circulates through the booth.
Clean air is a good for everyone.
Clean air is a great help to people with allergies.
Clean air is a health and environmental issue.
Clean air is a key component of a healthy home.
Clean air is a major concern for everybody.
Clean air is a national issue.
Clean air is a natural birth rite of all people.
Clean air is a natural birthright of all people.
Clean air is a priority for the government.
Clean air is a public good, but so are low energy costs.
Clean air is a relative term.
Clean air is a wonderful thing and smells great.
Clean air is always refreshing.
Clean air is another essential part of our environmental vision.
Clean air is as important as clean water.
Clean air is crucial to our health.
Clean air is drawn over the walls of the heat exchanger and circulated via the heater's fan.
Clean air is essential for optimum health and performance.
Clean air is essential for the health of every living thing.
Clean air is essential.
Clean air is everyone's business.
Clean air is exhausted into the room.
Clean air is expensive, but it is what the public wants.
Clean air is hard to find.
Clean air is important to California agriculture.
Clean air is important to Maine people.
Clean air is important to the health of the planet.
Clean air is kept inside, toxic air is kept outside.
Clean air is on everyone's mind.
Clean air is recirculated, providing a real breath of fresh air and a pleasant atmosphere.
Clean air is supplied at low velocity and low level from special diffusers.
Clean air is, in fact, the main ingredient common to brightly colored sunrises and sunsets.
Clean air knows no boundaries.
Clean air makes the Kansas City region a more attractive place to live and work.
Clean air saves lives.
Clean animals have a better chance at getting adopted.
Clean animals result from pens with clean floors.
Clean audio is available through the arena system.
Clean backgrounds are easier to read and download quicker.
Clean barrels are normally much louder than a quiet barrel.
Clean bathroom helps, too.
Clean battery tops with a damp sponge or rag, then wipe dry with a paper towel.
Clean beaches are about more than fun, they re about good business.
Clean beans are error proof.
Clean beans are thread safe.
Clean bedding is provided and washed daily.
Clean bedding is provided.
Clean benches provide an air filtered environment for manipulation of nonhazardous materials.
Clean bilges reduce the possibility of blocked pumps.
Clean blood goes out of the kidney and back into the bloodstream through the vein.
Clean blood means a disease-free body.
Clean boaters keep a garbage can on board their boat for trash.
Clean bottom is important.
Clean breaks are the only way to do it.
Clean buildings are necessary and important to a quality learning and working environment.
Clean burn is a much over rated attribute.
Clean buses are a reality today.
Clean cabins sleep two to eight.
Clean cables are essential to good shifting.
Clean cages are also important.
Clean camps are essential to reduce bear problems.
Clean cars are as rare as suntans.
Clean cars are here.
Clean carpets look better and last longer.
Clean carpets look better.
Clean carpets make healthier environments.
Clean carpets project a professional appearance and provide a healthier work environment.
Clean channel is extremely clean - no hiss or hum.
Clean channel is very sweet.
Some clean chemicals kill crabs.
Clean chimneys help prevent fires and carbon monoxide poisoning.
Clean chimneys stink less.
Clean clothing belongs in the drawer.
Clean coal is actually an oxymoron.
Clean coal is an oxymoron, especially when it comes to global warming.
Clean coal is required for making steel.
Clean code is a joy to maintain.
Clean code is concise, clear, and efficient.
Clean code is fast code.
Clean coils help the compressor run less and last longer.
Clean coils means energy efficiency and longer appliance life.
Clean concrete is abrasive.
Clean condenser coils three to four times each year.
Clean connections are tightened.
Some clean containers fill with seawater.
Some clean containers fill with sterile seawater.
Clean controls equals more fun.
Clean cookware lasts longer and cooks better.
Clean copies are preferred.
Clean counters make the room appear larger.
Clean counters make the room look larger.
Clean cows entering the milking area, greatly enhances the ability to use proper procedures.
Clean credit is mandatory.
Some clean crews consist of snails.
Clean cultivation can reduce the incidence of mummy berry disease.
Clean cultivation eliminates much competition with the trees for soil moisture and nutrients.
Clean cultivation is the most cost-efficient method during an orchard's early years.
Clean culture is important since no herbicides are registered for use on rhubarb.
Clean cut is usually the best way to go.
Clean cuts heal quicker.
Clean cuts prevent damage and disease.
Clean cutters run smoother and longer.
Clean data is essential to a successful data warehouse.
Clean data is then ready to be used to generate expert system progress reports.
Clean delivery is important.
Clean design means reproducibility, modularity, uniformity, simplicity.
Clean design provides an attractive look.
Clean diamonds sparkle the most.
Clean diesel gives more clean air for the dollar.
Clean diesel means better air quality for a lot less money.
Clean diesel produces fewer hydrocarbons and carbon monoxide as well.
Clean diesel provides the best balance between public health and the public pocketbook.
Clean diesel refers to any diesel fuel formulated to reduce emissions.
Clean dirt is the waste products of the fish.
Clean elections are a rarity in Mexico.
Clean elections are a way of getting people in.
Clean elections mean a better way to fund election campaigns in North Carolina.
Clean elections remain a hallmark of Wisconsin.
Clean energy is an important source of employment .
Clean energy is certainly no less deserving.
Clean energy is critical to both our environment and our nation's energy security.
Clean energy is necessary for a stable climate and a healthy population.
Clean energy is needed for the survival of the habitat for humanity.
Clean energy is now overwhelmingly do-able.
Clean energy is there, it's reliable and it's affordable.
Clean energy offers job creation in an emerging technological revolution.
Clean facilities means clean fish.
Clean factories are possible in poor countries, and polluting plants in rich countries.
Clean family shows with excellent country and bluegrass music and all kinds of dancers.
Clean fan blades with a cloth moistened with detergent solution.
Clean favors are a theme too.
Clean feathers are essential for keeping birds healthy and in optimal condition for flying.
Clean feathers help with insulation of the bird and flight performance.
Clean feathers insulate better, and bathing helps birds keep parasites down.
Clean fees are more common in Australia, Canada and the United States.
Clean fiber ends with a circular curry comb.
Clean fiber produces consistent results and absorbs the most dye.
Clean fields are highly desirable.
Clean figure seems gradually to emerge and to superimpose itself on the monument in question.
Clean files pass right through, but viral files are stopped before they can cause harm.
Clean filter means full power.
Clean filters allow for adequate air flow and proper cooling.
Clean filters are more important for heat pump systems than for conventional systems.
Clean filters help maintain clean air and provide a more efficient system.
Clean filters improve performance and keep the oil cleaner.
Clean finishes allow the markings and grain variations of naturally beautiful woods to show through.
Clean finishes appear to be the new norm.
Clean fittings enable gas tight joints to be made and protect the mechanism of reducing valves.
Clean floors are a priority.
Clean floors contribute to improved indoor air quality and fewer occupant health concerns.
Clean feet are important to keep the yoga space clean.
Clean freaks can find their weapons on Web.
Clean fuel is essential for efficient, full-power engine performance.
Clean fuels can help businesses meet federal pollution mandates.
Clean fuels have benefits that reach beyond their air quality advantages.
Clean fuels help decrease air pollution and reduce health-related costs.
Some clean fuel uses electricity.
Clean glass admits more light and heat.
Clean glass is important if only because dirt and other problems are more obvious on window glass.
Clean graphics are visible in all browsers and on any size monitor.
Clean grips ensures a controlled swing every time.
Clean guitar sounds.
Clean hands are basic.
Clean hands are essential.
Clean hands are important.
Clean hands are mandatory.
Clean hoses indicate good system maintenance.
Clean houses sell more easily than dirty ones.
Clean injectors project a uniform spray pattern, insuring efficient fuel combustion.
Clean injectors result in better spray patterns and increase fuel mileage and power.
Clean installations work for programs, too.
Clean instruments play better.
Clean items sell better than dirty ones.
Some clean jars contain algas.
Clean kills are the goal of every archer.
Clean knife blades well if used for cross-sectioning roots.
Clean language is also an indicator.
Clean leaves are favorable to healthy growth.
Clean lenses are more comfortable and lower the risk of infection.
Clean lenses are comfortable and promote healthy eyes.
Clean lettuce leaves thoroughly and cut into bite-size pieces.
Clean lines are the key to pulling the look off.
Clean lines characterize the style.
Clean lines compliment french blue and platinum accents.
Clean lines look especially good in an age of flouncy postmodern narratives.
Clean lines look good in any application.
Clean lines look much nicer.
Clean lines make a bold statement.
Clean lines show where the output signal is cleanly phase-locked with the input.
Clean linen is available from the ship's supply and includes blankets, sheets and pillowcases.
Clean linen is issued once a week generally following the emergency drills.
Clean linen is provided and there are bathroom facilities on each floor.
Clean linen is stored covered and in a manner that prevents contamination.
Clean lint screens regularly to avoid clogging fans and condensers.
Clean lint screens regularly to avoid clogging of fans and condensers.
Clean liquid is pumped into the product, diluting it by the amount pumped in.
Clean living is the best revenge.
Clean living pays off.
Clean mats are more effective.
All clean meats have much lower levels of toxins than unclean meats.
Clean membranes perform poorly.
Clean metal is a good heat conductor but carbon insulates and retains the heat.
Clean mode switch, moisture and dust make noisy contacts.
Clean models are more efficient and cause less work for downstream applications.
Clean money can also generate dirty money through tax evasion.
Clean Money can be an asset in a campaign, just as refusing it can be a political liability.
Clean money is that compensation received for a full day's honest work.
Clean mud is made of toilet paper, water and borax.
Clean nails help prevent infection.
Clean Neighborhoods involve more than just picking up trash.
Clean nozzles help ensure proper herbicide application.
Clean oil is also of great importance when it comes to better gas mileage.
Clean oil is critical to equipment component reliability.
Clean oil is vital to the proper operation of the oil pump.
Clean outs are ideal for year end file turn overs or when offices are reorganizing.
Clean package builds.
Clean pages get preference in being paged out.
Clean pastures produce clean fleeces.
Clean people get zits too.
Clean pets are more adoptable than dirty ones.
Clean photos are happy photos.
Clean photocopies are acceptable.
Clean photocopies are also acceptable.
Clean piano keys the same way.
Clean plant leaves.
Clean plants are healthy plants.
Clean plates are available and easily accessible.
Clean plates are to be used anytime a customer re-visits the food line.
Clean power is an important, fast-growing niche in the semiconductor business.
Clean power is only a recommendation.
Clean power is provided by solar cells covering the upper portions of the airship skin.
Clean preparation is essential.
Clean products have impact.
Most clean products have impact.
Clean production is an important part of the picture for environmentally friendlier cars.
Clean production offers a way to reverse our current non-sustainable use of materials and energy.
Clean protection is gear that is easily placed and removed from the rock without harming the rock.
Clean reflectors do their job better.
Clean reports go directly onto mainframe.
Clean rod grill the mirror signal window truck grill tarp.
A clean room is a room
Clean rooms are another of our specialties.
Clean rooms have atmospheres.
All clean rooms have independent power network.
Most clean rooms have atmospheres.
Clean roots are essential to meet quality standards.
Clean rubble is defined as meeting sanitary landfill criteria and free release criteria.
Clean sand is hauled in and spread to a depth of four to eight inches.
Clean scrap is removed, rinsed, and recycled.
Clean seat is very safe, it is designed with two safety belts.
Clean seawater is another option.
Clean sediment is important because it is the base of the food chain.
Clean seed is bagged and tagged here.
Clean seed is imperative.
Clean seed is important.
Clean seed is produced in dry inland areas of California.
Clean seed is the safest means of transporting living plant material.
Clean sex is born, and by logical contrast, dirty sex as well.
Clean sheets spread out on the floor.
Clean shine is GOOD shine.
Clean shoes reduce risk.
Clean silverware is brought.
Clean sites are more appealing to potential buyers.
Clean skin goes a long way towards preventing the spread of infection.
Clean skin is happy skin.
Clean skin is healthy skin.
Clean skin is key.
Clean skin reduces the likelihood of skin infections.
Clean skin squeaks delightedly.
Clean sneakers are acceptable when worn with scrubs.
Clean snow is certainly edible.
Clean sod is excellent but it is often necessary to calve inside.
Clean sounds are pristine yet fat.
Clean soundtrack allows for strong dialogue mix and virtually no hiss or distortion.
Clean speech comes from being clean inside.
Clean spoons await each bite.
Clean straw is added to each pen at least twice a day in an effort to keep any infection away.
Clean straw is the best bedding one can get in a great many places. . . .
Clean stream is as important as sustained data rate.
Clean streams mean healthier animal populations, including humans living in the city.
Clean streets boost morale and attract shoppers.
Clean streets improve air standards and stormwater quality for the citizens of Bloomington.
Clean strings retain their brilliance longer.
Clean surfaces are critical for good performance for military and commercial aircraft.
Clean sweep is done once per year.
Clean sweep is done over a ten month period rather than over a five week period.
Clean table tops with disinfectant.
Clean table tops.
Clean tape drives regularly and often, always marking the date on the cartridge label.
Clean teaching is devoid of context and consequently less effectvie.
Clean technique is preferable for patients being cared for in the home setting.
Clean technique is simple and only takes a few seconds to perform.
Clean technologies are seen to be important for economic growth.
Clean technologies minimize waste and make better use of raw materials.
Clean technology lightens the burden on the environment.
Clean terminals are an extra fuse .
Clean toilets are important, especially for women with small children.
Clean tones are always quieter than saturated amp tones.
Clean tones are nice and warm with surprisingly high output.
Clean tools are essential for sampling soils.
Clean teeth make it difficult for pioneering bacteria to stick to teeth.
Clean trimmings lead to a higher quality compost product.
Clean trucks are critical to the proper presentation of the company's image.
Clean tube sounds nice.
Clean underwear appears magically.
Clean underwear is optional.
Clean vacuum is indispensable for many applications.
Clean vehicles eliminate tailpipe pollution and enable drivers to break free of petrol consumption.
Clean venipuncture is essential.
Clean video makes a big difference.
Clean water adds beauty to landscaping.
Clean water can be possible without rigid regulation.
Clean water can come from sump pumps, downspouts and other sources attached to sewer lines.
Clean water changes everything.
Clean water comes with a cost.
Clean water costs a quarter more.
Clean water emerges from the other end of the tube.
Clean water flows off restored watersheds to be used miles downstream.
Clean water flows under and around the landfill and mixes with the leachate from the landfill.
Clean water fountains on a regular basis.
Clean water has oxygen.
Clean water has to be gathered from a near by river with buckets.
Clean water helps and so do plant life and general good quality aquarium conditions.
Clean water is a basic right.
Clean water is a big problem, medical care.
Clean water is a critical element in addressing our state's vitality.
Clean water is a direct result from using BMPs.
Clean water is a primary tourist attraction.
Clean water is a resource to share and respect.
Clean water is a valuable asset for any jurisdiction.
Clean water is also essential to aquatic life.
Clean water is also hard to come by in Iraq as is enough food and proper disposal of raw sewage.
Clean water is also in short supply in the earthquake region.
Clean water is always available.
Clean water is among the most pressing needs for survivors.
Clean water is an economic concern as well as an environmental one.
Clean water is an important component in eating well.
Clean water is an important resource, from economic and other social standpoints.
Clean water is another forest product.
Clean water is another key part of the decision.
Clean water is available at all times, through a drinking valve in each cage.
Clean water is available on demand from the tank.
Clean water is available throughout Thailand.
Clean water is basic to life.
Clean water is cherished always.
Clean water is clears.
Clean water is close to home every day.
Clean water is critical and they seem to have that under control.
Clean water is critical to our nation's economy.
Clean water is critical to our state's vitality.
Clean water is critical to plants and animals that live in water.
Clean water is critical to sustaining aquatic and marine life.
Clean water is critical to the health of farm families and their livestock.
Clean water is discharged to Lake Michigan.
Clean water is essential and in most cases the water needs to be as hot as possible to steep with.
Clean water is essential for agriculture, industry and recreation to prosper.
Clean water is essential for both healthy people and a healthy economy in the Red River Basin.
Clean water is essential for good health.
Clean water is essential for health.
Clean water is essential for life.
Clean water is essential for outdoor recreation, many industrial processes, and life itself.
Clean water is essential for sound metabolic activities in the turkey.
Clean water is essential to a successful release.
Clean water is essential to Illinois' economy and quality of life.
Clean water is essential to our bodies cleansing system.
Clean water is essential to our lives and lifestyles, every single day.
Clean water is essential to our lives and our lifestyles, every single day.
Clean water is essential to our survival.
Clean water is essential to our way of life.
Clean water is essential to public health.
Clean water is essential to the health and prosperity of our citizens.
Clean water is essential to the industry and the keys.
Clean water is essential to the multibillion-dollar industry.
Clean water is essential.
Clean water is everybody's business.
Clean water is for everyone.
Clean water is forced through the membranes while particles remain suspended.
Clean water is hard to come by in the Wasteland.
Clean water is hard to find.
Clean water is high on our list of priorities.
Clean water is important for cranberry production today and for generations to come.
Clean water is important to every citizen of Ohio.
Clean water is important to everyone and every-thing.
Clean water is important to fish, wildlife, and people.
Clean water is indispensable for good health.
Clean water is integral to human health, healthy ecosystems and a productive economy.
Clean water is more precious yet.
Clean water is more than just good-tasting water.
Clean water is needed for drinking, sanitation and sustaining agriculture and livestock.
Clean water is needed for good health and to prevent sickness.
Clean water is needed for good health.
Clean water is needed for long term dependable operation.
Clean water is odorless, colorless, void of unpleasant taste and free of microbial residues.
Clean water is often virtually impossible to get, without expensive hauling from distant wells.
Clean water is one of the most important resources in any community.
Clean water is one of the most important things to keep on hand.
Clean water is only necessary for final rinse.
Clean water is only the beginning of improving the health of the children.
Clean water is provided throughout all tours.
Clean water is required for fish life to survive.
Clean water is required for mankind to survive.
Clean water is returned to the restrooms for further flushing.
Clean water is safe water.
Clean water is scarce and people suffer from diseases such as cholera and diarrhoea.
Clean water is scarce, and the river water is undrinkable.
Clean water is scarce.
Clean water is the best rinse.
Clean water is the foundation for enjoyable boating.
Clean water is the key point.
Clean water is the key to health in Africa.
Clean water is the lifeblood of our future.
Clean water is the most simple necessity of our lives.
Clean water is the one essential for healthy mollusks.
Clean water is too narrow.
Clean water is very critical for a healthy aquarium.
Clean water is very important for washing the books and for the workers to keep themselves clean.
Clean water is vital for health.
Clean water is vital for humans, birds, and other wildlife.
Clean water is vital to the nation's economy.
Clean water makes all of our recreational activities more enjoyable.
Clean water makes for livable neighborhoods.
Clean water means lots of living things can thrive there.
Clean water needs to be available at all times without icing over.
Clean water prevents the ailments.
Clean water requires constant vigilance.
Clean water rinse the part at ambient temperature.
Clean water troughs frequently and provide unlimited fresh water.
Clean water troughs once a week and pay attention to puddles that form around and under the troughs.
Most clean water has oxygen.
Clean waterways are as important as safe neighborhoods.
Clean waterways are essential in making our communities desirable places to live, work and play.
Clean windows allow more heat from the sun to enter the house.
Clean windows are almost like redecorating for improving the look of a room.
Clean windows let in more light and are more pleasant to look at.
Clean wings means sharp, fast maneuvers to escape the enemy.
Clean wood shavings out of tap holes.
Clean woodwork can brighten up the room considerably.
Clean words come from the well of a clean heart.
Clean work is the preventative side of the job.
Clean wounds receive primary closure and, if necessary, are drained with closed drains.
Cleans are dynamic and it still does sound very good for rockin and has a great, rude tone.
Cleans are programming language.
Cleans are very nice.
Cleans barns and stalls.
Cleans boiler parts and performs other routine maintenance of non-electronic equipment.
Cleans brushes and maintains paints, thinners, varnishes and other coating materials.
Cleans brushes and spray equipment after use.
Cleans brushes and spray guns and makes minor repairs to equipment and apparatus.
Cleans brushes, removes grease and oil from car engines and automobile parts.
Cleans brushes, rollers and spray equipment after use.
Cleans brushes, rollers, spray equipment and is an excellent degreaser.
Cleans cache directories easily.
Cleans cages and ensures safe and sanitary environment.
Cleans cages manually or with machine and cleans surrounding areas in animal rooms.
Cleans cages, pens and animal quarters.
Cleans can parts with damp cloth, water, or solvent.
Cleans carpets and hard floors.
Cleans carpets, strips, seals and waxes floors.
Cleans coils to remove materials accumulated during production processing.
Cleans cows prior to milking.
Cleans dining facilities, washes dishes and performs kitchen maintenance as needed.
Cleans dish machine and breaks down machine for the next day.
Cleans dull bowling balls.
Cleans edges and corners more efficiently.
Cleans entrance ways and sidewalks including snow removal.
Cleans floor after elephants and horses perform.
Cleans grout on shower walls and kitchen counters.
Cleans guest cabins daily, includes making beds, vacuuming and cleaning bathrooms.
Cleans headband in seconds.
Cleans kitchen and related equipment to maintain sanitary conditions.
Cleans kitchen equipment and utensils.
Cleans kitchen equipment, pots and pans, counters, and tables.
Cleans kitchen facility and equipment.
Cleans mesh of all stains.
Cleans molds with airhose.
Cleans padder and steambox with water hose.
Cleans picnic and camping areas.
Cleans polishes protects.
Cleans ponds with natural enzymatic activity.
Cleans press and performs daily preventative maintenance of equipment.
Cleans rails and burners of machine, using brush, airhose, and cloth.
Cleans receiver and trigger assembly.
Cleans repair area with air gun.
Cleans restroom and building interiors and operates park shuttle train.
Cleans restroom facilities and replenishes supplies.
Cleans restroom walls, floors, titles, fixtures and replenishes restroom supplies as needed.
Cleans rollers preparatory to etching, using sponge, cleaning chemicals, and water.
Cleans scale from boiler tubes, using rotary pneumatic brush equipment.
Cleans screed rails, power screeds, concrete buckets, rakes, shovels and tools.
Cleans soil without dulling paint.
Cleans stables and stable area.
Cleans start with dust.
Cleans stockroom and keeps stock in good order.
Cleans teak like a charm without sanding.
Cleans toilets without sticking hands in bowl.
Cleans toxins and fumes from body.
Cleans trhe entire system of harmful deposits, stains, bacteria, algae, fungi and odors.
Cleans uo with soap and water.
Cleans vessel at end of excursion.
Cleans vinyl and tile floors.
Cleans vinyl, leather, plastic, wood and rubber surfaces around the house, garage and office.
Cleans walks and floors, using broom and shovel.
Cleans walks, polices grounds, dusts, mops, washes windows, and disposes of refuse.
Cleans wash basins and other toilet room facilities.
Cleans work and repair shop areas.
Cleans work area, returns material, and completes documentation.
Cleans work areas after completion.
Cleans work equipment and work areas.
Cleans work space and counter area and maintains a neat and organized area.
Cleans worksites, tools, and equipment.
Cleaned lint is carried through the lint flue, up to the battery condenser.
Cleaned product is unloaded to the skimming table to be graded and packed.
Cleaner fish are good news.
Cleaner fish cause predators to reduce aggression toward bystanders at cleaning stations.
Cleaner fish drives local fish diversity on coral reefs.
Much cleaner fuel is required for diesel engines to employ advanced pollution control technologies.
Cleaner language means cleaner, more maintainable code, and thus reduced costs to business.
Cleaner liquid is discharged from the bottom of the separator.
Cleaner oil means reduced maintenance and lower operating costs.
Cleaner water flows into rivers.
Most cleaner water flows into rivers.
A cleaner is a formulation
Cleaner are laborers.
Cleaner are shopkeepers.
Cleaner contains substances.
Cleaner contains toxic substances.
Cleaner is shops.
Cleaner is used for dirt.
Cleaner isa compound.
Cleaners also affect the quality of our local streams, rivers and lakes.
Cleaners also cheat occasionally, biting off a scale or some protective mucus from a client.
Cleaners also have high levels of fragrance often use to mask other odors.
Cleaners also know, sometimes, when their customers die.
Cleaners are also available that dissolve dust on artificial flowers.
Cleaners are available to remove it if necessary.
Cleaners are necessary to clean connectors and fibers for testing and termination.
Cleaners can be harsh to the skin and damage eyes.
Cleaners cause more damage the longer they sit on the surface.
Cleaners clean up meticulously after rituals.
Cleaners contain detergent and bleach, and work best at removing dirt and mildew.
Cleaners contain detergent and bleach, and work best on dirt and mildew.
Cleaners contain heavy abrasives to deep clean and remove severe oxidation and stains.
Cleaners containing oxalic acid are most effective.
Cleaners feed on the parasites and damaged tissues of the skin and mouth of larger, host fish.
Cleaners give choosy clients priority of access.
Cleaners have insurance, but that usually covers only loss in case of fire or flood.
Cleaners learn that tumors host edible parasites.
Cleaners receive job specific training on the job before they are permitted to work on their own.
Cleaners report students using basketball court in Gym.
Cleaners represent the largest volume of hazardous substances in a typical household.
Cleaners routinely remove external parasites from reef residents.
Cleaners use the solvent tetrachloroethylene, also called perchloroethylene or perc.
Cleaners uses chemicals to remove old wax, bug remains, tar and other build-up.
Cleaners working alone and cleaners with more than one job are more likely to be injured.
Cleaners often think that cleaning a ward is the same as cleaning a home or an office.
All cleaners accept wire coat hangers for recycling.
All cleaners ought to be able to provide a decent life for their families.
Any cleaner can be harmful to very small children in the wrong circumstance.
Any cleaner can cause damage on some surfaces.
Every cleaner needs a solvent to dissolve soil.
Many cleaners can also pose more serious safety threats.
Many cleaners contain a mixture of soaps and detergents, along with dyes, perfumes and water.
Many cleaners find wet cleaning economically competitive with dry-cleaning.
More cleaners discover tumors are a food source, an escalating spiral.
Most cleaners are family-owned businesses that want to be responsible community members.
Most cleaners are relatively safe to use, and have only a small impact on the environment.
Most cleaners flush lines with chemicals and water and scrub the hardware.
Most cleaners operate quite hot and evaporation is a big factor.
Some cleaners are alkaline and also contain surfactants.
Some cleaners are liquid.
Some cleaners are so alkaline or acidic they are more dangerous than others.
Some cleaners are useful in combination with medications to help in delivery.
Some cleaners are very dangerous because they contain acid, bleach, or something else harmful.
Some cleaners break up wax, while others dry the ear canal.
Some cleaners can break the weak hydrogen bonds between dye and leather fibers.
Some cleaners contain acids or chlorides which can start new corrosion.
Some cleaners contain acids.
Some cleaners contain ammonia which is reactive.
Some cleaners contain other ingredients to produce gases and heat to be more effective.
Some cleaners provide mothproofing as a service.
Some cleaners use other alternatives to perc.
Cleaning products are a good example.
Cleaning products are a part of everyday life.
Cleaning products are often corrosive and can cause irreversible damage to tissue, including eyes.
Cleaning products belong in the cupboard under the sink.
Cleaning products can also be extremely reactive when mixed.
Cleaning products tend to do well.
Many cleaning products are basic.
Many cleaning products contain ammonia or other chemicals that can damage the faucet finish.
Many cleaning products contain toxic ingredients.
Many cleaning products have a high or low enough pH to qualify as hazardous waste.
Most cleaning products leave a soapy residue.
Cleaning service does a great job.
Cleaning service is available at an additional charge.
Cleaning service is included.
Cleaning service is provided in the common areas of each hall.
Cleaning service is provided twice a week for the public areas only.
Cleaning service is provided.
Many cleaning services lower their standards after a few months of service.
Many cleaning services use two-person cleaning teams and always send the same team to a home.
Cleaning sponges are another place where bacteria can multiply.
Cleaning tools are just as misadvertised.
Cleaning tools are used in the best order to clean without wasting time.
Cleaning  chemical spills.
Cleaning  dust.
Cleaning  dustings.
Cleaning  sneezings.
Cleaning  sweeps.
Cleaning  thinking.
Cleaning  vacuums.
Cleaning are chore.
Cleaning are improvement.
Cleaning are progressings.
Cleaning are removings.
Cleaning are used for cleanliness.
Cleaning are used for organizations.
Cleaning are used for sanitation.
Cleaning are used for tidiness.
Cleaning cause allergies.
Cleaning cause health.
Cleaning cause healthier environments.
Cleaning cause healthy livings.
Cleaning cause injuries.
Cleaning cause using water.
Cleanliness appears to be extremely important to the ants.
Cleanliness becomes a major value in a downturn.
Cleanliness begins with clean hands, clean surfaces, and clean utensils during food preparation.
Cleanliness brings better prices.
Cleanliness brings protection of one's own body and non-infection from contact with others.
Cleanliness can lessen it, but sexual activity has no effect on it.
Cleanliness discourages mosquito larvae from developing and hatching and keeps the birds healthier.
Cleanliness extends to the storage media.
Cleanliness helps a city thrive.
Cleanliness is a condition of being clean and free of contaminants.
Cleanliness is a critical factor to good mead making.
Cleanliness is a daily struggle for everyone here, including our group.
Cleanliness is a good thing.
Cleanliness is a habit
Cleanliness is a joy.
Cleanliness is a key to computers working properly.
Cleanliness is a key word when it comes to food safety for children.
Cleanliness is a main factor, and the gods are pictured as disliking insincerity and disorder.
Cleanliness is a major factor during the field judging portion of the cookoff.
Cleanliness is a major factor in preventing foodborne illness.
Cleanliness is a part of godliness.
Cleanliness is a passion in Estonia.
Cleanliness is a primary reason for circumcision.
Cleanliness is a problem in decision-making.
Cleanliness is a problem that has been recognized by the staff.
Cleanliness is a sign of respect.
Cleanliness is a state of mind.
Cleanliness is absolutely guaranteed, of both the apartment and the linen, towels etc.
Cleanliness is akin to faith.
Cleanliness is akin to godliness.
Cleanliness is all important from the morning cleanup to the evening shower before lights out.
Cleanliness is all important.
Cleanliness is also important in areas where pet foods and bird seed are stored.
Cleanliness is also important when dealing with a diseased plant.
Cleanliness is also important, especially around mechanical devices.
Cleanliness is always of concern when there is an invasive procedure of any kind.
Cleanliness is always preferable.
Cleanliness is an important albeit often neglected aspect of lab safety.
Cleanliness is an important aspect of quality.
Cleanliness is an important component in the growth and development of young children.
Cleanliness is an important factor in a body shop.
Cleanliness is an important factor.
Cleanliness is an important means of preventing the spread of disease.
Cleanliness is an important part of lab technique.
Cleanliness is an indication of station.
Cleanliness is another important consideration.
Cleanliness is at the top of the list for buyers.
Cleanliness is better for private sector growth.
Cleanliness is critical for a baby shop, so be sure everything is tidy.
Cleanliness is critical when using dry-mounting adhesives.
Cleanliness is critical.
Cleanliness is destroyed by illicit sex.
Cleanliness is emphasized but tattered clothing or casual attire is often worn.
Cleanliness is especially important in the bedroom, where people spend the most time.
Cleanliness is essential .
Cleanliness is essential for both pens and personnel.
Cleanliness is essential for success.
Cleanliness is essential for the optimal resistance to corrosion.
Cleanliness is essential in a nurse.
Cleanliness is essential in providing a healthful environment.
Cleanliness is essential in the kitchen.
Cleanliness is essential in working with aluminum.
Cleanliness is essential to success.
Cleanliness is essential.
Cleanliness is everything in the final assembly of tubes.
Cleanliness is extremely important for the health and comfort of the animals.
Cleanliness is extremely important when handling food.
Cleanliness is extremely important.
Cleanliness is first class and personal touches very thoughtful.
Cleanliness is freedom from suspended silt and organic matter.
Cleanliness is godliness.
Cleanliness is good things.
Cleanliness is habits.
Cleanliness is health.
Cleanliness is healthy and invokes righteous thoughts.
Cleanliness is identified with goodness in America.
Cleanliness is important and there is insect control.
Cleanliness is important because minute debris can cause loss of signal or dropouts.
Cleanliness is important in all aspects of food preparation.
Cleanliness is important to good health.
Cleanliness is important.
Cleanliness is improved - equipment, ware, operators' goggles, and plant air are all cleaner.
Cleanliness is incredibly important.
Cleanliness is indeed next to godliness.
Cleanliness is just a wipe away.
Cleanliness is just different here.
Cleanliness is key.
Cleanliness is located in chemistry labs.
Cleanliness is maintained to the highest standards.
Cleanliness is measured and reported with quality inspection.
Cleanliness is monitored by college students patrolling for part-time pay.
Cleanliness is more important than ever.
Cleanliness is more important than food quality, consumers tell pollsters.
Cleanliness is most important.
Cleanliness is necessary and important to bring out the beauty of the gourd, with or without waxing.
Cleanliness is next to clean-limbed, in the dictionary.
Cleanliness is next to duplicity.
Cleanliness is next to godliness for women,'' Parmenter says cheerfully.
Cleanliness is next to Godliness in the Boy Scouts and Fundamentals class.
Cleanliness is next to godliness.
Cleanliness is next to impossible.
Cleanliness is of primary importance.
Cleanliness is of the utmost importance to avoid an infection.
Cleanliness is one defense against disease.
Cleanliness is one of the first prerequisites for accurate measurements.
Cleanliness is one of the hallmarks of Anaheim City schools.
Cleanliness is one that avoids the use of soap at the site.
Cleanliness is only a part of housekeeping.
Cleanliness is our best service.
Cleanliness is our motto and portable potties are our business.
Cleanliness is our number one priority.
Cleanliness is paramount.
Cleanliness is preventive medicine against diseases.
Cleanliness is priceless and at the same time cleanliness is costly.
Cleanliness is probably one of the greatest aids in detecting leakage.
Cleanliness is really important because young birds are so susceptible to disease.
Cleanliness is required after training.
Cleanliness is so important.
Cleanliness is the best antidote.
Cleanliness is the best prevention and the first step of any treatment program.
Cleanliness is the best protection.
Cleanliness is the fifth item, which is critical in the handling of milk.
Cleanliness is the first and most important aspect of proper contact lens care.
Cleanliness is the first line of attack.
Cleanliness is the joint responsibility of the customer and the driver.
Cleanliness is the key in reducing fly problems in horse barns.
Cleanliness is the key to few problems in any collection.
Cleanliness is the key to good solder joints.
Cleanliness is the key to successful propagation from spores.
Cleanliness is the only alternative to insecticide.
Cleanliness is the only requirement.
Cleanliness is the only way to prevent contamination and insure print and negative permanence.
Cleanliness is the primary function of water in Florida homes.
Cleanliness is the responsibility of ALL persons involved in the equine services.
Cleanliness is the responsibility of ALL persons involved in the food animal services.
Cleanliness is the responsibility of ALL persons involved in the small animal services.
Cleanliness is the rule.
Cleanliness is the single most important element of making beer.
Cleanliness is the single most important guard against the dangers of self-abuse.
Cleanliness is the watch word here.
Cleanliness is tops.
Cleanliness is traits.
Cleanliness is typically a feature of most Malay homes.
Cleanliness is very important in a child care setting.
Cleanliness is very important to success.
Cleanliness is very important to successful marketing of the glass and plastic containers.
Cleanliness is very important when handling any vacuum equipment.
Cleanliness is very important, especially in a natural history museum.
Cleanliness is very important.
Cleanliness is very, very important here.
Cleanliness is vital in controlling mold.
Cleanliness is vital throughout.
Cleanliness is vital.
Cleanliness is worth a lot to a handspinner.
Cleanliness isa trait.
Cleanliness leaves a good impression on guests.
Cleanliness means less chance for fire or low self-esteem, which both breed crime.
Cleanliness means promoting clean living and respect for property.
Cleanliness plays a major role in our operation.
Cleanliness polishes American bodies to the smoothness of products.
Cleanliness refers to the absence of disfiguring spots, bumps or cracks on the surface of a pearl.
Cleanliness relates to clean, dry conditions, especially the stall bed in the vicinity of the udder.
Cleanliness starts on the farm and continues through the system.
Cleanliness therefore begins outside the museum.
Cleanliness therefore helps a cure.
Cleanliness visit the bathrooms and cooking areas to see what standards of cleanliness are upheld.
Cleanliness Wash hands before and after handling raw poultry and meat.
Cleanliness Always wash hands after using the toilet and before fixing food or eating.
Cleanse blood goes into veins.
Cleanse products use chemicals.
Cleanse products use synthetic chemicals.
Cleantack products meet the needs of any critical environment.
Cleanup actions are in progress at nine other areas.
Cleanup assistance is available.
Cleanup contract is complete, and design of the complex is ongoing.
Cleanup costs are often uncertain and can add significantly to the overall development price tag.
Cleanup crews continue on-site work three times a week to continue the monitoring.
Cleanup efforts are at a virtual standstill until it is determined who owns the property.
Cleanup efforts are now underway.
Cleanup efforts are ongoing.
Cleanup efforts are still ongoing.
Cleanup efforts are underway to remove downed trees accross campus.
Cleanup efforts consist of four phases.
Cleanup efforts continue, and volunteers are needed.
Cleanup funding is cut while production funding increases .
Cleanup ideas are many.
Cleanup instructions are also a good way to determine whether paint is solvent-based.
Cleanup levels continue to be a serious concern.
Cleanup liability is uncertain.
Cleanup methods are the same regardless of the type of mold.
Cleanup operations are underway.
Cleanup operations are well underway, with most roads now passable in affected areas.
Cleanup operations occur after all roads have been provided with their designated level of service.
Cleanup options range between two extremes.
Cleanup precautions Call a professional to remove large, uprooted trees, etc.
Cleanup procedure leaves sample in hexane.
Cleanup tactics discuss the use of various types of equipment, both mechanical and chemical.
Cleanup work is currently in progress.
A cleanup is a position
Cleanups address environmental problems.
Cleanups are faster and easier than before.
Cleanups are part of batting order.
Cleanups are positions.
Cleanups can also help people who lack the strength or resources to maintain their own property.
Cleanups can be of any size .
Cleanups can be very profitable.
Cleanups can range from a simple litter pick-up, to an operation requiring more planning.
Cleanups can take anywhere from three to five hours.
Cleanups consist of hundreds of volunteers who gather and bag trash.
Cleanups cost a lot of money.
Cleanups develop constituencies for restoration of compromised resources.
Cleanups Go forward to Wrapping .
Cleanups identify negative resource impacts.
Cleanups range in size from five or ten volunteers to thousands.
Cleanups remove trash and litter while increasing community pride.
Cleanups serve three major functions.
Some cleanup is better than none, they reason.
Some cleanup still needs to be taken care of.
Clear access is to be maintained to exhibit hall concession stands and restrooms at all times.
Clear accounts are to be kept of the administration of each office.
Clear acrylic handle, brass guard and butt, comes with leather sheath.
Clear acrylic provides see-through convenience for stocking and identification purposes.
Clear acrylics are suitable as a binder for dry pigments, or glitter material.
Clear admission applies when the student has met all admission criteria.
Clear agreements can contribute to setting an atmosphere of mutual respect and shared power.
Clear agreements enable effective delivery.
Clear air does matter, as better pressure always means better speed.
Clear air is vital.
Clear alarms indicate danger and long term exposure data is available for PC analysis.
Clear amber is transparent and usually ranges from pale yellow to dark reddish yellow.
Clear analysis is written of daily intake.
Clear answers are elusive.
Clear answers are hard to come by but there are indications and gut feelings.
Clear answers are hard to find, and ethical issues pose a myriad of dilemmas.
Clear answers mean fewer experiments and smaller studies.
Clear apprehension needs meditative stillness.
Clear areas represent water, carbohydrate, lipid, or gas.
Clear attribute starts text after images.
Clear authority exists for severance of parties, claims and defenses for trial purposes.
Clear awareness is critical to the martial arts, where misjudgment can lead to injury or death.
Clear awareness is the best medicine for all situations in life, and in death.
Clear backs are available at the same cost.
Clear background Erases a rectangular area behind the graffiti stroke echo for easier readability.
Clear baguettes form a flower in the center of the bow.
Clear bars indicate range of recommended ages for immunization.
Clear base allow ambient light to illuminated the subject.
Clear beads are between the letters of the song and brown and green beads complete the necklace.
Clear beads have nice aged color.
Clear Benefits Make sure there are clear benefits to the voters.
Clear borders are more expensive to produce than flush trim.
Clear boundaries ought to be exceptional rather than normative.
Clear bowls are lighter weight, easier to hold or travel with.
Clear bowls are lighter, more expensive and play best when held in the hand.
Clear braces stain or discolor.
Clear brackets are more expensive and are also more fragile than metal brackets.
Clear breath sounds bilaterally without crackles or wheezes.
Clear breath sounds bilaterally.
Clear breath sounds to auscultation bilaterally.
Clear breathing is critical to clear thinking.
Clear broths make with vegetables.
Most clear broths make with vegetables.
Some clear broths make from herbs.
Some clear broths make from simmer herbs.
Clear bullets are direct links to supporting pages.
Clear bus stops.
Clear button clears the search field.
Clear button deletes query entry.
Clear button Use the Clear button to delete the list of discovered nodes.
Clear buttons clear the entire form.
Clear calcite is optically complex.
Clear calcite is used in special kinds of microscopes.
Some clear capsules have effects.
Some clear capsules have side effects.
Some clear cases are in order here.
Clear cassettes can make it easier to view the particle loading.
Clear cell allows easy inspection of sanitizing process.
Clear cells are common.
Clear circles are children nodes that have only fields as their subordinates.
Clear coat is an important research area for carbohydrate ingredient commercial effort.
Clear coat makes any outdoor advertising look significantly better.
Clear coats are a relatively recent development.
Clear coating is available on chrome for an extra charge.
Clear coating is optional, but recommended after painting.
Some clear coatings contain ultra-violet absorbers which help to lengthen their life.
All clear colours exist, but mostly bay, red-bay and black.
Clear command removes all currently marked text.
Clear communication helps in-house, too.
Clear communication is a common thread through all effective teams.
Clear communication is a priority.
Clear communication is a vital part of success.
Clear communication is also vital.
Clear communication is an essential part of creating a healthy, loving relationship.
Clear communication is an essential part of doing science.
Clear communication is critical in the process of change.
Clear communication is essential to an active lifestyle.
Clear communication is essential to enlist the support needed to make an awards program effective.
Clear communication is essential.
Clear communication is important for health.
Clear communication is important in business and community relationships.
Clear communication is key to any business.
Clear communication is necessary.
Clear communication is one of the most important factors in preventing acquaintance rape.
Clear communication is our business.
Clear communication is our goal.
Clear communication is still the ultimate goal.
Clear communication is the first one.
Clear communication is the first step to being able to ask for help when it is needed.
Clear communication is the key to building successful partnerships.
Clear communication is the key to having satisfied customers.
Clear communication is the key to making a difference.
Clear communication is the key to success in our increasingly high-tech lives.
Clear communication is the key.
Clear communication is the most significant factor in the success or failure of a project.
Clear communication leads to agreement.
Clear communication relies on good grammar.
Clear communications are important.
Clear comprehension has four aspects to it.
Clear comprehension is the mental factor which joins with mindfulness to give purpose and direction.
Clear conclusions emerge.
Clear conditions continue overnight, with cooler temperatures.
Clear confirmation is a crucial element of negotiations that candidates usually forget.
Clear containers are best for displaying jewellike colors.
Clear contracts can help build a relationship because they reduce the chance of misunderstandings.
Clear contracts work.
Clear contrast improves recognition.
Clear cord surrounds all in a striking border, which is accented with jewels.
Clear correspondence reduces the burden on the public.
Clear countertops help give a feeling of spaciousness.
Clear cover allows for easy identification of instruments.
Clear cover allows quick view of collected sediment.
Clear cover is polycarbonate.
Clear cover protects solar panel, and is designed to keep water and back drafts out.
Clear Creek is one of the original Colorado counties.
Clear Creek verges on the north shoreline of Lake Erie.
Clear creeks dissect the isolated Oregon side.
Clear creeks dissect the more isolated and less visited Oregon side.
Clear Crystals are also in the polymer group.
Clear crystals line all edges of the top of the box.
Clear cup is virtually invisible when installed on non-porous surfaces.
Clear cuts are a tool within a suite of forestry tools and it's a question of how they're applied.
Clear cuts are terrible.
Clear cutting can enhance habitat for a number of other species.
Clear cutting divides wood industry.
Clear cutting involves the cutting of large areas of forest.
Clear cutting is a dramatic change in the character of the forest.
Clear cutting is a sound practice that benefits future forests.
Clear cutting is an expensive forestry tool.
Clear cutting is when large swaths of land are cut down all at once.
Clear cutting seems to be a popular technique lately.
Clear days are rare.
Clear days are superb for pictures.
Clear days offer vistas of mountains and scores of seabirds.
Clear days offer vistas of snow-capped mountains and scores of seabirds.
Clear deadlines are important to students.
Clear Decals are perfect for making decorations and crafts to use any time.
Clear definitions enable understanding, which leads the way to the adoption of new technologies.
Clear design is just as important as good writing.
Clear design makes for easy navigation.
Clear design starts with clear thinking.
Clear detail is no longer discernable, but the person's field of vision is normal.
Clear detail is no longer discernible, but the field of vision is normal.
Clear diagrams demonstrate how to make reproductions of the crafts with readily available materials.
Clear diagrams illustrate each step.
Clear diaries are essential.
Clear diction is necessary.
Clear differences begin to show in the voting.
Clear differences do exist between landscape architecture and the other design professions.
Clear direction is a critical dimension of organizational climate.
Clear direction is needed on tracer gas testing for health reasons.
Clear directions are essential.
Clear directions are on our website.
Clear discharge can mean an allergy or the beginning of a cold or flu.
Clear disclosure needs to be mandated and enforced when it comes to financial or medical records.
Clear documentation is required.
Clear dome is adjustable for clearance to restrict access by larger birds.
Clear dome maintains humidity.
Clear doors are polycarbonate.
Clear drawings illustrate the topics under discussion and show how to do the activities.
Clear drawings show how a bird's nest and thick vines and leaves are added.
Clear eggs tend to be the most prevalent in the first round or two.
Clear elastic comes to the rescue.
Clear enunciation is extremely important.
Clear errors dismisses type-checker error messages and warnings.
Clear evidence exists that humans occupied the cave.
Clear evidence is required as proof of inadvertent error or bona fide promotion.
Clear examples are use to illustrate the similarities.
Clear examples make the text useful for the practitioner's office and the classroom alike.
Clear examples provide connections and clarify issues for the reader.
Clear examples show the learner exactly how the verbs are used.
Clear expectations are crucial to reassure young people.
Clear expectations are key to any successful relationship.
Clear expectations are vital, including intermediate milestones for students to attain.
Clear expectations can, in turn, reduce confusion and enhance the learning process.
Clear expectations emphasize the importance of the individual.
Clear expectations make it possible to evaluate effectively.
Clear explanations make it very user-friendly.
Clear exposition depends necessarily upon a clear grasp of a subject in the essentials.
Clear faith allows faith to happen.
Clear fan blades with black housing.
Clear figures are absent and little research has been done.
Clear film has high dimensional stability and withstands extensive handling.
Clear film is very inexpensive and simple to install.
Clear films can also offer exciting possibilities.
Clear filters lead to clear perceptions.
Clear finish allows antenna to blend into glare band for concealment.
Clear finish is applied over painted or unpainted surface for a fine china crackle.
Clear finish is used to enhance the natural beauty of the wood.
Clear finish provides a clear view of information.
Clear finishes are short-lived because sunlight gets through, breaking down wood fibers.
Clear fluid has functions.
Clear fluid has immune functions.
Clear fluids are the best type to drink.
Clear fluids given by mouth is the most important part of treatment.
Any clear fluid is good for rehydrating but mixtures of sweet and salt are best.
Most clear fluid has functions.
Most clear fluid has immune functions.
Some clear fluid is produced by glands.
Some clear fluid is produced by salt glands.
Clear format includes text and graphs.
Clear frame enhances visibility and reduces blind spots.
Clear front allows instant identification and inventory of supplies.
Clear gaps exist between the development of Arab and Jewish areas.
Clear gel is a midified food starch that thickens cool liquids.
Clear gel is applied to the legs to help conduct sound waves.
Clear gel is placed over the abdomen during the procedure.
Clear gels use for purposes.
Most clear gels use for purposes.
Some clear gels fill retinas.
Clear glass absorbs heat and reradiates it outdoors.
Clear glass allows consumers to see a product and that helps sales.
Clear glass bear bank in shape of sitting up bear.
Clear glass is a nearly transparent material.
Clear glass is also less reflective than opaque glass from a camo perspective.
Clear glass is definitely the way to go.
Clear glass is glass.
Clear glass is more widely collected than colored glass.
Clear glass is the glazing material of choice by most professionals.
Clear glass is the most easily contaminated by other colors.
Clear glass is the most valuable.
Clear glass is used on all framed pieces unless other arrangements are made.
Clear glass is used on the back and face.
Clear glass lends to the open look.
Clear glass magnifies the sun and intensifies the heat.
Clear glass preserves the sharpness of the photograph, but glare can be a problem.
Clear glass provides the opportunity to display heirlooms or collections.
Clear glasses are better than tinted glasses.
Clear globes give out the most light but produce glare and heat.
Clear goals are great .
Clear goals are the starting point to organizational success.
Clear goals emphasize the values and beliefs.
Clear goals fit systematic work but otherwise aim for sabaki.
Clear goals keep attendees focused on their own responsibilities as active participants.
Clear goals make it easier to determine the tasks of the organization.
Clear goals make it easier to sort through the countless opportunities to spend money.
Clear goals provide group members with a sound understanding of the project.
Clear goals tell members what they can expect from a group.
Clear graphics display each connected mooring line .
Clear graphics illustrate the well-documented information contained in the show.
Clear guidance is needed on closure requirements and what is clean and alternatives.
Clear guidelines can result in high quality care.
Clear guidelines help to ensure success.
Clear guidelines help to prevent such situations.
Clear handwriting helps.
Clear heads can have local LED indicators for troubleshooting and power indication.
Clear headlights create a wide-eyed, contemporary look.
Clear housing allows for easy filter inspection.
Clear ice is generally stronger than ice with air bubbles in it.
Clear ice is likely to form in areas of large water droplets, such as in rain or cumuliform clouds.
Clear icicles are clearly the most popular.
Clear ideas are of no particular interest to the bastard.
Clear illustrations give added value.
Clear illustrations help make technical concepts easily understandable.
Clear illustrations make the body's pressure points easy to locate.
Clear illustrations show how body organs and functions are mirrored in reflex points.
Clear indication is where a lesion is seen.
Some clear indications are already available of the nature and scope of the infrastructure.
Clear information can help galvanize citizen involvement and action.
Clear information is provided on all delivery methods.
Clear information is vital to help families begin to re-organise their lives and to relieve anguish.
Clear instruction guides to e-mail, computers, and Web browsing.
Clear instructions approved by the board promote a smooth search.
Clear instructions are in order here.
Clear instructions are right on the label.
Clear instructions keep it simple and easy.
Clear instructions make finishing the projects a breeze.
Clear instructions present the fundamentals.
Clear instrument approaches.
Clear insulin is cloudy or discolored.
Clear intentions are perhaps a better warning.
Clear intervals inland at first, turning cloudy and misty.
Clear IVs run into both arms.
Clear keys are the management tool for the swing itself.
Clear lacquer protects the tray bottom against spills.
Clear lake is home to an excellent public school system and a community college.
Clear lake is in the background.
Clear language is essential.
Clear language is evidence of clear thinking.
Clear layout makes learning simpler for the beginner.
Clear legislation is required to state what audiovisual archives are authorised and obliged to do.
Clear lenses are for most general applications.
Clear lids enhance meal presentation, ensure order accuracy, and look great.
Clear light fills our head, red light our throat and blue light our heart.
Clear light gleams off the paper.
Clear lines are wonderful for barracuda and highly suggested.
Clear liquids are acceptable.
Clear liquids are best preferably water.
Clear liquids stay down best.
Clear liquids tend to be easiest to swallow and digest.
Clear liquids turn blue, while darker liquids become cloudy and a precipitate forms on the surface.
Clear lung sounds all fields.
Clear lung sounds bilaterally.
Clear maps show how each army approached and departed.
Clear margins are a prerequisite for an accurate restoration.
Clear margins suggest that the whole tumor was removed.
Clear mind means good work.
Clear mind means intuition mind.
Clear mind means keeping a mind that is clear like space, clear like a mirror.
Clear mush go with clear, thick with thick and soft with soft.
Clear narratives make the difference.
Clear netting is practically invisible.
Clear nights are a gift.
Clear nights are far too infrequent to waste.
Clear nights are hard to come by in New York.
Clear nights are often cool nights.
Clear nights have a trick of be- ing keen.
Clear nights offer the great opportunity to see the Northern Lights.
Clear objects pose a challenge for all photoelectric sensors.
Clear objectives are necessary for fair evaluation.
Clear objectives can reduce confusion and open new opportunities.
Clear objectives get clear results.
Clear objectives tend to improve motivation.
Clear organisation improves readability and readers confidence in the content.
Clear organization facilitates the reading of the paper.
Clear organization is essential for effective team operation.
Clear organization makes the article more easily comprehensible for the reader.
Clear outline maps with explanatory text, it also includes references for further reading.
Clear overlays are also available.
Clear pages allow for contract printing.
Clear parts are very transparent and commandably thin.
Clear paste is suitable only for painted floor cloths.
Clear pathways are to be maintained at all times.
Clear patterns emerge.
Clear photos illustrate each exercise.
Clear photocopies are acceptable for submission but glossy prints are required for publication.
Clear photocopies are acceptable for the text, figures and tables.
Clear photocopies are acceptable.
Clear photographs invite the reader to try out the walks.
Clear photographs make for great scans.
Clear pictures are a luxury.
Clear plastic allows for unobstructed view of the banister.
Clear plastic allows more sun into the soil for warmth, but black shades out the weeds.
Clear plastic allows sunlight to penetrate and heat up the logs.
Clear plastic clamping strip automatically secures the work in place.
Clear plastic covers buttons.
Clear plastic does break down with time but leaves a messy field.
Clear plastic does break down with time but leaves a messy garden.
Clear plastic heats the soil but encourages weed growth.
Clear plastic is a suitable and readily available covering.
Clear plastic is placed on both windows during the winter.
Clear plastic is plastic.
Clear plastic makes finding baits easy.
Most clear plastic comes with a film on it to protect it from scratching.
Clear plate permits alignment during set up and cutting.
Clear plexiglass swing open doors use glass door hinges and similar hardware.
Clear pocket fits international business cards.
Clear policies are essential to the smooth operation of an appraisal district.
Clear policies support and guide school volunteer programs.
Clear polish is usually a safe bet.
Clear polyethylene provides increased temperatures by the greenhouse effect.
Clear polymer is placed over the drawing to prevent smearing of the pencil marks.
Clear polyurethane is an all-purpose protector for most jobs.
Clear pools become muddy and boil violently, and some suddenly become geysers.
Clear pools become muddy and boil violently, and some temporarily become geysers.
Any clear postmark is acceptable.
Clear preference is given to students taking challenging courses.
Clear presentation makes for a very user-friendly site.
All clear products are a problem outdoors.
Clear protector covers with holes in the binding.
Clear quartz integrates the balance of our own electro-magnetic energies.
Clear quartz integrates the balance our own electro-magnetic energies.
Clear quartz is said to be the greatest of all healing stones.
Clear quartz is used extensively in meditation, spiritual development and healing.
Clear quartz is used extensively in meditation, spiritual development, and healing.
Clear quartz resembles a diamond when faceted.
Clear records exist of transactions that take place under the auspices of auctioneers and valuers.
Clear registration holds.
Clear research indicates that success in school starts with quality child development.
Clear responsibility is assigned.
Clear rhinestones accent each clip.
Clear rhinestones accent the mane and tail.
Clear risks remain for China s outlook.
Clear rules are what people look for.
Clear Rules Discuss the consequences of breaking the rules.
Clear rules offer essential guidelines for employer and employee.
Clear seal is applied to all wood frames at no extra cost.
Clear sealers are also available.
Clear seawater allows sunlight to penetrate more easily to the plants.
Clear shield allows for remote control usage.
Clear shield contains removal warning.
Clear shoes are a very good option.
Clear shoreline makes casting easy.
Clear siding gives premium quality appearance and is ideal for prestigious, upmarket applications.
Clear signs show the way to different forms of transport.
All clear signals are due to sound waves propagating in the atmosphere.
Clear sketches make the directions easy to follow.
Clear skin is best for sunbathing.
Clear skies allow the sun to warm the ground and the air near it during the day.
Clear skies are likely over the Black Sea area.
Clear skies are mandatory.
Clear skies are natural, rain and snow are natural.
Clear skies can give way to fog in less than an hour.
Clear skies enable delivery of emergency assistance to survivors of earthquake in Afghanistan.
Clear skies prevail almost the entire year.
Clear skies prevail over the Central Facility area.
Clear skies prevail throughout most of the year.
Clear skies prevail, allowing the sun's warm rays to dry the soggy landscape.
Clear skies promise a warm sun.
Clear skies stick around overnight.
Clear sky is determined by the cloud mask.
Clear sky is reported in almost all regions of the country.
Clear snapshots are always useful.
Clear solution turns dark blue as iodine is produced.
Clear solutions are homogenous mixtures as is the air.
Clear sound is a joy.
Clear sound is heard through the headphones or through the detachable speakers.
Clear soups are generally healthier than the cream types.
Clear space guides the eye to the focal point.
Clear spaces represent lipid droplets.
Clear spans allow easy clean-out.
Clear specifications are essential to good purchasing.
Clear specifications are useful in avoiding problems, such as uneven participation.
Clear specimen contains many insects.
Clear spots are small in the male, large in the female.
Clear spring fed waters provide great snorkeling too.
Clear springs originate on the property.
Clear stairways are essential.
Clear stones count for both players.
Clear straps are available as an option.
Clear straps lace up front and zipper back.
Clear structure helps.
Clear student records on computer as needed.
Some clear substance is noted covering the valves.
Clear summaries allow class members to grasp basic information quickly.
Clear table tops.
Clear tables inform the reader at a quick glance about historical dates and clinical features.
Clear tape is acceptable.
Clear tape is ideal to attach the walls to the floor plan and connect the walls together.
Clear terminology is always desirable.
Clear terrain costs one movement point to enter and hills two.
Clear text gives explanations.
Clear text is an option of last resort.
Clear text is the only way to impersonate across machines.
Clear text is the recommended language for all communications.
Most clear text gives explanations.
Clear things have optically un-reactive electrons.
Clear title is presented.
Clear title means that there are no legal questions as to who owns the property.
Clear title means there are no liens against the vehicle and nothing is owed on it.
Clear tubing allows algae to grow on the inside of the tube.
Clear understanding is born from mindfulness.
Clear understanding is the foundation of agreement.
Clear understanding stems partly from the reader knowing the where and when of all references.
Clear urine is a sign of being well hydrated.
Clear urine means an athlete is drinking an adequate amount of fluids.
Clear urine means an athlete is drinking enough fluid.
Clear urine signifies potential over-hydration.
Clear values can provide guidelines for specific decisions.
Clear victories are much better than ties in democratic elections.
Clear view covers for quick reference.
Clear vinyl cover quickly detaches to access life ring.
Clear vinyl showercaps with wreath of ribbonrose.
Clear vision allows quick preparation without leaving the bathroom.
Clear vision is better than all the groping in the world.
Clear vision is then possible with the help of a lens implant or special glasses or contacts.
Clear vision leads to clear thinking.
Clear visions act like magnets, pulling individuals and groups toward their realization.
Clear walls are the most popular.
Clear water abounds with marine life and beautiful kept forests.
Clear water allows fish to easily be observed.
Clear water allows light to reach the symbiotic algae living within the coral polyp's tissue.
Clear water allows the bass to go almost anywhere in the lake.
Clear water appears dark blue or black.
Clear water can be very deceptive - it is often deeper than it appears.
Clear water causes a desire to scuba dives.
Clear water flows over sand flats and granite ledges, long beaches link channels and bays.
Clear water followed by a vinegar rinse is sufficient.
Clear water has low turbidity.
Clear water has no taste.
Clear water is clean water.
Clear water is decanted off the top and released into local sanitary sewers.
Clear water is enough.
Clear water is just the opposite since bass tend to rely primarily on their sight to acquire food.
Clear water is preferable for spawning.
Clear water is separated and pumped into an intermediary pond.
Clear water is skimmed off the top of the basin.
Clear water is the literal meaning of the name.
Clear water is usually much harder to treat than muddy water.
Clear water lets light penetrate more deeply into the lake than does murky water.
Clear water looks blue because it reflects the sky.
Clear water makes Malta an ideal place for diving.
Clear water reflects little radiation, so it looks black.
Clear water trickles over multicoloured rocks.
Clear waters allow sunlight in, promoting algae growth and attracting prey.
Clear waters are best for wetlands because they allow light to reach underwater marsh plants.
Clear waters offer lake trout fishing.
Clear waters offer magnificent views of the untouched virgin corals and the marine life within.
Clear wax provides a deep shine and luster to wood.
Clear weather is caused by sinking air.
Clear weather is more mundane.
Clear weather is required for the coordinated measurements.
Clear weather is required.
Clear wheel covers, biothane harness.
Clear window allows for sideways or standing display.
Clear window allows for sideways view.
Clear windows are standard.
Clear wings have edges.
Most clear wings have edges.
Clear wort is drained from the edge.
Clear writers receive fewer complaints, and they earn goodwill and client loyalty.
Clear writing can mean the difference between an informed audience and a confused one.
Clear writing comes from clear thinking.
Clear writing improves the relationship between the government and the public.
Clear writing introduces each data set, providing a framework for the numbers.
Clear writing is a basic requirement in all written work.
Clear writing is a little like testifying under oath.
Clear writing is a skill that can be mastered.
Clear writing is a way of presenting information so that it can be easily read.
Clear writing is also empowering and is even more widely useful than knowledge of the law.
Clear writing is also more credible.
Clear writing is an important element of success in college and throughout life.
Clear writing is an important element of success, both in college and after graduation.
Clear writing is best.
Clear writing is critical to employment and production in today s world.
Clear writing is critical to employment and production in today's world.
Clear writing is easier to read.
Clear writing is essential in all of the professions as well as in the academy.
Clear writing is essential in business.
Clear writing is essential.
Clear writing is hard.
Clear writing is important.
Clear writing is stressed throughout.
Clear writing is the result of clear thinking.
Clear writing is understandable and readable.
Clear writing means clear thinking.
Clear writing means designing materials that are easy to use because they are organized logically.
Clear writing reflects clear thinking.
Clear writing teaches clear thinking.
Clears are by no means replacing clays, though.
Clears are innocence.
Clears are tough.
Clears discrepancies with agencies and sales manager.
Clears have no knots and a smooth appearance in the exposed section of the board.
Clears jams when machine automatically stops and presses button to restart machine.
Clears result array.
Clears sinuses and cleanses respiratory system.
Clears snow off vehicle windows and entry area.
Clears specially formulated for the marble industry are also available.
Clearance holes are optional.
Clearance rates are the yardstick by which an agency is measured.
A clearance sale is a sale
Clearance sales are most useful for buying gifts, as the merchandise is new.
Clearance sales are plentiful, and many once exorbitant pieces are priced to go.
Clearance also occurs in nature through floods, storms, earthquakes, and fires.
Clearance approaches zero.
Clearance depends on renal function.
Clearance dictates the appropriate frame size and crank length.
Clearance extends beyond underframe.
Clearance has performance response times of three or five days depending on the type of job.
Clearance involves a number of steps, inspection, appraisement, classification and liquidation.
Clearance is a measure of the free play exhibited by a unit under test.
Clearance is a problem over the big rocks in the chute.
Clearance is a program that repeatedly attempts to clear previously wait-listed flights and fares.
Clearance is available by fax and by telephone.
Clearance is based on mass laws or everything has to be someplace.
Clearance is decreased by liver disease, pregnancy, and contraceptive use.
Clearance is decreased in geriatric clients and in clients with hepatic and renal impairment.
Clearance is decreased in humans after repeated administration.
Clearance is faster if the threat of mines can be excluded.
Clearance is good for one year.
Clearance is increased by smoking.
Clearance is increased in children.
Clearance is intervals.
Clearance is less of an issue in flat water, but offshore it is imperative for comfort and safety.
Clearance is license.
Clearance is mainly renal so a lower dose is given if creatinine clearance is reduced.
Clearance is only one part of the development process.
Clearance is predominantly by hepatic metabolism.
Clearance is prolonged in liver or renal failure.
Clearance is provided for man-access to second deck clamp bars.
Clearance is read back verbatim.
Clearance is reduced in liver damage.
Clearance is reduced when used concomitantly with propranolol.
Clearance is required above the filter for maintenance.
Clearance is required below the filter to permit access for inspection or maintenance.
Clearance is required for all major gift cultivation.
Clearance is required for all proposals.
Clearance is separation
Clearance is sought for multiple instruments.
Clearance is straightforward and relatively informal.
Clearance is the intrinsic ability of the body to remove a drug.
Clearance is the volume of plasma cleared of a substance as it passes through the kidney.
Clearance isa distance.
Clearance tables out front with occasional metalworking bargains.
Clearance takes approx.
Clearances are a requirerment for participating in workouts.
Clearances are expensive to process and can take a long time.
Clearances are extremly important.
Clearances are good.
Clearances are more complex, instruments are more sophisticated.
Clearances are tight.
Clearances far stove and stovepipe from walls and floor.
Clearances give specific theaters exclusive rights to show a film in a specific region.
Clearances given are minimum available.
Clearcut harvest removes all trees in an area at one time, regardless of size.
More cleared land is needed for agriculture and development.
Clearer communication is needed so members can understand what was and is happening.
Clearer guidance is obviously necessary for the future.
Clearer images are easier to read and therefore take less time.
Clearer images are the result.
Clearer images can help doctors to diagnose and treat abnormalities earlier.
Clearer text makes for smoother game play.
Clearer typography makes listings and articles more fun to read.
Clearing corporations perform an analogous function for listed options and futures.
Clearing customs is a breeze as they are right next door.
Clearing customs is a problem.
Clearing customs is easier for families.
A clearing house is an institution
Clearing houses provide two important services that easily justify their costs.
Clearing weather makes for a pleasant stop on scenic bay.
A clearing is a tract
Clearing accounts record receipts and expenditure only.
Clearing allergens out of the home can help reduce asthma attacks.
Clearing allows items to age properly.
Clearing are events.
Clearing are films.
Clearing are improvement.
Clearing are liberations.
Clearing are removings.
Clearing are tracts.
Clearing begins at the bottom of the container, and within a couple of minutes the water is clear.
Clearing can often take place when a target is paired down to size via labeling or delabeling.
Clearing gives the products the necessary transparency, security and control.
Clearing is a multi-faceted phenomenon.
Clearing is at the core of the payments system.
Clearing is basically the opposite of withdrawl.
Clearing is carried out in water and fixing is done in a weak solution of hypo.
Clearing is determined by first point of contact.
Clearing is done on a batch basis.
Clearing is easier due to the special bottom profile.
Clearing is necessary before using any stone for healing.
Clearing is obtained by placing the embryos in a petri dish containing lactic acid and trypan blue.
Clearing is on a par with therapy.
Clearing is used to zero out one or more accounting entries.
Clearing is useful for people who are into big problems, always in a crisis.
Clearing occurs transaction by transaction.
Clearing refers to the exchange of financial information.
Clearing requires confirmation at a dialog box.
Clearing tries to push the ball to the other half of the field.
Clearings are the required stopping places in our lives when our lives get to be too much.
Clearings don t happen overnight.
Clearings wants very much to be a resource as often as possible.
Clearing usually starts the day after streets are cleared.
All clearing is to be done in a manner to minimize damage to the native vegetation.
More clearing is done for livestock, houses and agriculture.
Much clearing is for agriculture.
Some Clearlake hotels are cosmopolitan while other resorts offer a more secluded feel.
Clearly business is about making profits, and public policy is the responsibility of States.
Clearly business is good.
Clearly checks are necessary.
Clearly diversity is no longer paradigm of black and white.
Clearly education is also a core issue at the center of Africa's development challenge.
Clearly energy is an important topic.
Clearly growth is a hot topic at the moment.
Clearly litigants are the most frequent party to initiate a complaint.
Clearly minerals are important in antler development.
Clearly multiculturalism is very good for Ontario.
Clearly nutrition is a key component of success in rugby football.
Clearly prayer is meant to be enjoyable.
Clearly probabilities are a drastic and imperfect solution to the problem of optical pairs.
Clearly propaganda is more potent than truth.
Clearly recursion is called for.
Clearly reproduction is the most vulnerable stage for the survival of a population or a species.
Clearly restoration is the first step to personal success.
Clearly safety is a relative concept based on small steps taken to bias the odds.
Clearly schools are ready for strong educational programming to be delivered digitally.
Clearly schools can mandate technology development if they choose.
Clearly things are very tense at the moment.
Clearly time is of the essence.
Clearly violence has a number of causal factors.
Clearly violence is a very complex issue.
Clearly violence is bad for business.
Clearness is understandability
Clearness marks the sincerity of philosophers.
Clearness takes time.
Clearseal products are only available to wholesale trade customers.
A clearway is a road
Clearway continues to innovate with a wide range of next-generation Web performance solutions.
Clearway helps online businesses achieve high performance and scalability.
Cleary associates say that the firm s interviews are mostly conversational.
Cleat replacement is part of standard crawler maintenance.
A cleat is a projection
Cleat tie down.
Cleats are a necessity on the Salmon River.
Cleats are beams running parallel with the cross beams and are used to support desk joists.
Cleats are fasteners.
Cleats are generally safe for young ankles, say podiatrists.
Cleats are helpful.
Cleats are inside the rails and flush with the edge of the rails at each end.
Cleats are normally rubber, plastic, aluminum or leather.
Cleats are normally rubber,plastic.aluminum or leather.
Cleats are optional.
Cleats are part of cleats.
Cleats are projections.
Cleats are shoes.
Cleats are special sneakers for soccer.
Cleats are sports equipment.
Cleats are strips.
Cleats are the mark of a soccer player, and they facilitate safety and efficiency of play.
Cleats have some type of projections, either metal or rubber, on the outsole .
Cleats leave the ankle more susceptible to twists and turns.
Cleated cords stay out of reach.
Cleated shoes are great too.
Cleated shoes tend to have stiffer soles that are usually made of plastic.
All cleavage angles are non-right angles.
Cleavage cavities are part of blastocysts.
Most cleavage cavities are part of blastocysts.
Cleavage fragments are barely visible to the naked eye.
Cleavage planes are irregular and rough.
A cleavage is cellular division
Cleavage abruptly slows.
Cleavage Basally perfect, imperfect in two directions.
Cleavage Basally perfect, producing thin flakes.
Cleavage Basally perfect.
Cleavage becomes irregular after the second division.
Cleavage begins in the gastric pouches.
Cleavage begins to form between the single cell, dividing into two.
Cleavage begins while the egg is still in the hen s oviduct.
Cleavage continues as the embryo develops.
Cleavage continues as the embryo moves down the oviduct toward the uterus.
Cleavage continues, forming a mass of cells which organizes itself into the blastula.
Cleavage describes a mineral that breaks along flat surfaces.
Cleavage ends up producing a blastula, a hollow ball of cells.
Cleavage ends with the formation of a blastula .
Cleavage ends with the formation of the blastula .
Cleavage furrows form in animal cells, and cell plates form in plant cells.
Cleavage furrows now appear in the cytoplasm, which divide the contents into zoospores.
Cleavage gives rise over a number of hours to hundreds of cells.
Cleavage involves subdivision of a huge cell into smaller and smaller cells.
Cleavage is a characteristic of the bond strength of mineral.
Cleavage is a clean split along a flat surface.
Cleavage is a new fabric the develops in rocks during deformation.
Cleavage is a series of mitotlc cell divisions that transform the zygote into a blastula.
Cleavage is a series of rapid cell divisions that produce a ball of cells from the zygote.
Cleavage is a surface usually parallel to a crystal face.
Cleavage is a test to determine the way a mineral splits in planes.
Cleavage is absent although octahedral parting can be seen on some specimens.
Cleavage is absent although there is basal parting.
Cleavage is absent however there is a parting on two planes.
Cleavage is absent, although there is parting which occurs in three directions.
Cleavage is absent, but three parting directions produce what looks like a psuedo-cubic cleavage.
Cleavage is absent.
Cleavage is almost indiscernible in one direction.
Cleavage is an orderly process of cell division.
Cleavage is confined to animal pole.
Cleavage is described according to the crystal direction and how easily it is obtained.
Cleavage is distinct in one direction.
Cleavage is distinct in two directions lengthwise, prismatic.
Cleavage is distinct in two directions.
Cleavage is equal and spiral, and no polar lobes are formed.
Cleavage is fair in four directions forming octahedrons.
Cleavage is fair in one direction and poor in another.
Cleavage is faster in the pigmented animal pole.
Cleavage is force concentrated at one edge and exerts a prying force.
Cleavage is good in one and poor in another direction.
Cleavage is good in one direction and fair in another.
Cleavage is good in one direction but only seen in the larger crystals.
Cleavage is good in one direction lengthwise.
Cleavage is good in one direction parallel to the flat pinacoid face.
Cleavage is good in one direction parallel to the length.
Cleavage is good in one direction, basal.
Cleavage is good in one direction.
Cleavage is good in three directions forming cubes.
Cleavage is good in two directions at right angles.
Cleavage is good in two directions.
Cleavage is good.
Cleavage is guided by the atomic structure.
Cleavage is holoblastic and equal.
Cleavage is holoblastic and radial forming different types of blastula and gastrula.
Cleavage is holoblastic and radial.
Cleavage is holoblastic and rotational.
Cleavage is imperfect in one direction.
Cleavage is imperfect in two directions, prismatically.
Cleavage is imperfect.
Cleavage is incomplete and the subsequent development follows essentially a reptilian pattern.
Cleavage is indeterminate and spiral.
Cleavage is indistinct and the fracture, conchoidal.
Cleavage is indistinct in one basal direction.
Cleavage is indistinct.
Cleavage is made up of two separate processes, karyokinesis and cytokinesis.
Cleavage is much slower.
Cleavage is non existent.
Cleavage is none.
Cleavage is notable in one direction and poor in another.
Cleavage is one of the most useful properties for identifying common minerals.
Cleavage is one property that is undeniably tied to the structure of a mineral.
Cleavage is perfect in four direction forming cubes.
Cleavage is perfect in one and good in another direction forming nearly right angled prisms.
Cleavage is perfect in one direct but only distinct in another.
Cleavage is perfect in one direction and distinct in another.
Cleavage is perfect in one direction and distinct in two other directions.
Cleavage is perfect in one direction and fair in two others.
Cleavage is perfect in one direction and poor in another.
Cleavage is perfect in one direction and poor in two others.
Cleavage is perfect in one direction forming thin sheets.
Cleavage is perfect in one direction lengthwise.
Cleavage is perfect in one direction parallel to the a and c axes.
Cleavage is perfect in one direction parallel to the prominant pinacoid.
Cleavage is perfect in one direction parellel to the prominent pinacoid face.
Cleavage is perfect in one direction producing flexible, non-elastic flakes.
Cleavage is perfect in one direction producing thin sheets or flakes.
Cleavage is perfect in one direction with an irregular fracture.
Cleavage is perfect in one direction, basal.
Cleavage is perfect in one direction, less so in another direction.
Cleavage is perfect in one direction, poor in several other directions.
Cleavage is perfect in one direction.
Cleavage is perfect in several directions.
Cleavage is perfect in several oblique directions.
Cleavage is perfect in the lengthwise direction.
Cleavage is perfect in three directions forming rhombohedrons.
Cleavage is perfect in three directions forming rhombs.
Cleavage is perfect in three directions, forming rhombohedrons.
Cleavage is perfect in two directions at close to right angles.
Cleavage is perfect in two directions forming splintery fragments.
Cleavage is perfect in two directions, prismatic.
Cleavage is perfect in two directions.
Cleavage is perfect.
Cleavage is poor but discernible.
Cleavage is poor in one direction, basal.
Cleavage is poor in one direction.
Cleavage is poor in three directions parallel to the faces of the rhombohedron.
Cleavage is poor in two directions parallel to the prism faces.
Cleavage is poor in two directions.
Cleavage is poor prismatically and in the basal direction.
Cleavage is poor.
Cleavage is present along planes separated by microscopic dimensions.
Cleavage is rather poor in one direction.
Cleavage is related to the mineral's crystal structure.
Cleavage is related to the structure of the mineral and is usually parallel to other mineral faces.
Cleavage is sometimes distinct in three directions forming rhombohedrons.
Cleavage is superficial, at one pole of the large yolky cytoplasm.
Cleavage is the first few mitotic divisions of the fertilized egg.
Cleavage is the first stage of embryogenesis.
Cleavage is the initial division of a fertilized egg.
Cleavage is the number of directions of smooth planar breakage.
Cleavage is the tendency of a mineral to break in certain preferred directions along smooth planes.
Cleavage is the way minerals split along planes of weakness.
Cleavage is the way that a mineral breaks along well-defined planes of weakness.
Cleavage is thus a direct consequence of the geometry and the type of atomic bonds within a mineral.
Cleavage is total and apparently equal.
Cleavage is total and equal.
Cleavage is total and quite regular, forming a hollow, single-layered blastula.
Cleavage is total and spiral, and often unequal.
Cleavage is total, equal and of a typical spiral nature.
Cleavage is total, unequal and spiral.
Cleavage is total, unequal, and regular.
Cleavage is unequal and spiral, and the micromeres are relatively large.
Cleavage is unequal and spiral, with large polar lobes appearing during the first two divisions.
Cleavage is unequal and spiral, with large polar lobes forming during the first two divisions.
Cleavage is unequal and spiral.
Cleavage is usually in three directions parallel to the rhombohedron form.
Cleavage is very indistinct.
Cleavage is very poor in a few directions.
Cleavage is very poor in two directions.
Cleavage is very poor, octahedral.
Cleavage isa state.
Cleavage leads to morphological and biochemical changes in the virus particle.
Cleavage makes a woman feel sexy.
Cleavage occurs as the zygote is passing along the oviduct before the egg is laid.
Cleavage occurs at oblique angles with daughter cells either moving to the right or to the left.
Cleavage occurs in oviduct.
Cleavage occurs typically in either one, two, three, four, or six directions.
Cleavage proceeds gastrulation.
Cleavage provides the embryo with a large number of cells for continuing the trip.
Cleavage refers to a smooth parting.
Cleavage refers to planes of weakness in a crystal structure along which a crystal tends to break.
Cleavage refers to the egg dividing into numerous cells.
Cleavage refers to the way that a mineral breaks.
Cleavage takes place along planes that cut across the longest, weakest bonds in the structure.
Cleavages are areas.
Cleavages are chemical processes.
Cleavages are division.
Cleavages are part of pregnancy.
Cleavages are states.
Cleavages are well developed and commonly seen in specimens in rocks.
Cleavages can form steps on the outside of the crystal, each parallel to the cleavage direction.
Cleavages follow synchronously and rapidly.
Cleavages involve division.
Cleavage sometimes competes with saponification.
All cleavages are at right angles to each other.
All cleavages are equal and the blastomeres are loosely arranged rather than in tiers of cells.
Most cleavages involve division.
Some cleavage is seen in tightly laced medieval gowns and a black negligee.
Some cleavages lead to reductions.
A cleaver is a knife
Cleavers are a kind of bedstraw.
Cleavers are available in various grades of steel.
Cleavers are knifes.
Cleavers are used for cuttings.
Cleavers competes with crops for light, moisture and nutrients.
Cleavers is a major problem in many cereal and oilseed fields in western Canada.
Cleavers is helpful in skin conditions, especially the dry kind such as psoriasis.
Cleavers is one of numerous plants considered diuretic in ancient times.
A clef is musical notation
Clefs can occur within a bar, as well as at the beginning.
Cleft chins are as likely to increase in a population over time as they are to decrease.
A cleft lip is a congenital abnormality
Cleft lip is a separation in the upper lip.
Cleft lip is an incomplete joining of the upper lip.
Cleft lip is usually less serious than cleft palate.
Cleft lips are birth defects.
A cleft palate is a congenital abnormality
Cleft palate allows food to get into the nose, and it causes difficulty in chewing and swallowing.
Cleft palate can occur alone without cleft lip or in association with cleft lip.
Cleft palate is a common abnormality seen in newborn cats, dogs and other species.
Cleft palate is a separation in the roof of the mouth.
Cleft palate is a split or opening in the roof of the mouth.
Cleft palate is an abnormal passageway through the roof of the mouth into the airway of the nose.
Cleft palate is an opening in the roof of the mouth either at the midline or on one or both sides.
Cleft palate is an opening in the roof of the mouth either in the midline or on one or both sides.
Cleft palate is an opening in the roof of the mouth.
Cleft palate is generally present in every case.
Cleft palate is twice as common as cleft lip with or without cleft palate.
Cleft palate occurs in some individuals.
Cleft palate occurs when there is an opening in the roof of the mouth.
Cleft palates are birth defects.
Most cleft palates are assumed to be genetic unless other causative factors are found.
A cleft is an indentation
Cleft isa shape.
Clefts affect the soft palate, which is the posterior part of the roof of the mouth.
Clefts also occur as part of a group, or syndrome, of multiple birth defects.
Clefts are books.
Clefts are gaps.
Clefts are indentations.
Clefts are more common in certain ethnic groups.
Clefts are openings that occur when the developing neural tube doesn t close correctly.
Clefts can occur on one or both sides of the upper lip.
Clefts can occur on one or both sides, and with or without involvement of the palate.
Clefts can run in families and be associated with other problems.
Clefts can run in families.
Clefts form between somites.
Clefts have a complex etiology that involves both genes and gene-environmental influences.
Most clefts involve one or both sides of the upper lip.
A cleg is a gadfly
Clegs attack around the arm or wrist.
A clegg is a gadfly
Clegg also chairs the oversight committee for a new science complex.
Clegg brings it to light in the computer age.
Clegg has nine examples as proof.
Clegg invents the hydraulic main for use with coal-gas retorts.
Clegg looks into the crystal, and dies of fright.
Cleistogamous blossoms are obviously more economical.
Cleistogamous flowers are produced as self- pollinated flowers in summer.
Cleistogamous flowers lack petals.
ClELAB system correlates closely with colour change as perceived by the human eye.
Clematis borer damages the fleshy roots and crowns.
Clematis flowers form either on the current season's growth or on that of the previous year.
Most clematis varieties produce single flowers.
A clematis is a climber
A clematis is a vine
Clematises bloom on either last season' s growth or new growth.
Most clematis grow best in full sun and moist, well-drained soil.
Clemency covers all hours earned during the terms for which it is granted.
Clemency is good weather
Clemency plays a very important role when capital punishment is applied.
A clementine is a citrus tree
Clementine also has a template for telecommunications data mining projects.
Clementine features a unique twist of such classics as corn and crab bisque and soft shell crab.
Clementine features homemade seasonal food at pleasantly moderate prices.
Clementine has to get a life and get one fast.
Clementine is a band from Estonia.
Clementine is a trimaran with a blue main hull with atandem bicycle frame on it.
Clementine is an unmanned space craft that flies around the moon.
Clementine is easy to use.
Clementine is our oldest female and the flock leader.
Clementine is portrayed as a victim figure from the start.
Clementine offers sequence association and clustering used for Web data analysis.
Clementine takes a visual, interactive approach to data mining.
Clementines are actually the smallest of mandarin oranges imported from Spain and Morocco.
Clementines are all small to medium-size, very juicy, very sweet fruits.
Clementines are artificial satellites.
Clementines are easy to peel and have no seeds .
Clementines are easy to peel and have no seeds.
Clementines are in season, though.
Clementines are mandarins.
Clementines are notoriously finicky, however.
Clementines are popular in the winter months .
Clementines are popular in the winter months.
A clenched fist is a hand
Clenched fists are all too common in special education.
Clenched fists are only good for striking out.
Clenched fists signal frustration and possible aggression.
Clenched fists waste energy.
A cleome is a herb
Cleomes bring an exotic, vertical note to the border.
Cleomes have a pungent leaf odor when touched but otherwise they are outstanding plants.
Clerestory windows allow in maximum natural light without allowing direct views from the street.
Clerestory windows bring natural light into the high-ceilinged lobby.
Clerestory windows fill the room with light as do skylights and a rear wall entirely of glass.
Clerestory windows provide light through a series of curved wells to the lower floor corridors.
Clerestory windows provide privacy from neighboring houses, yet flood the kitchen with sunlight.
Clerestory windows run the length of the house, providing lots of light in the great room.
A clerestory is a window
Clerestories are an excellent choice for buildings with flat roofs.
Clerestory has on each side six windows of two trefoil lights in two centred arch each.
Clergy also have the option of asking any ordained elder to be their advocate.
Clergy are acceptable.
Clergy are accessible, affordable and are often seen as the most obvious place to turn.
Clergy are also available to hear private confession.
Clergy are among the few community leaders who live in the community.
Clergy are available for counseling by appointment.
Clergy are available in their offices during parish hours.
Clergy are available upon request for spiritual support.
Clergy are exempt from withholding.
Clergy are frequently the first persons whose help is sought when something iswrong in the family.
Clergy are great at that one.
Clergy are honestly concerned about teen pregnancy and want to stem the tide.
Clergy are human beings.
Clergy are leaders of congregations.
Clergy are really in a poor position.
Clergy are reluctant to move into rural America where full-time employment is uncertain.
Clergy are the most busy on the day of worship and on special holy days.
Clergy are the most sought after people during times of family transitions.
Clergy are unique in having access to the homes of the people they serve.
Clergy can also provide guidance.
Clergy can be a difficult group.
Clergy can be helpful as trauma counselors and assisting with family needs.
Clergy can be just as greedy for money as the rest.
Clergy can give leads into their denominational structure and encourage their peers to attend.
Clergy can minister and members can worship across denominational boundaries.
Clergy can provide exciting programs on Biblical themes and current church issues.
Clergy definitely can be a resource.
Clergy enter their calling for high-minded reasons, and for some more selfish reasons as well.
Clergy entering a congregation often have a conscious or unconscious plan to change things.
Clergy feel alienated from peers in their diocese.
Clergy feel comfortable and satisfied with our services.
Clergy feel like they are engaged in ministry in their local congregations all by themselves.
Clergy Find out more about our clergy and staff.
Clergy get a stipend rather than a salary, although most have the use of a vicarage.
Clergy get parsonage allowance exemptions from a portion of income tax.
Clergy give sermons, as well as religious instruction.
Clergy is a profession
Clergy is sex.
Clergy lack the police power, by innate nature.
Clergy lead in speeches and prayers.
Clergy lead the services held at churches, synagogues, mosques, and other places of worship.
Clergy learn from and are inspired by the preaching of others.
Clergy lose their faith and then lose their jobs in burnout.
Clergy love to come here for the great challenges that each of our bishops has given.
Clergy make up the spirtual team.
Clergy meet here, cancer patients retreat here, and martial arts fans compete here.
Clergy meet monthly.
Clergy now have the freedom to conduct such services if their consciences allow it.
Clergy offer prayers as the answer.
Clergy provide counseling, suggest resources, and offer sacraments and spiritual guidance.
Clergy push for reports of abuse .
Clergy receive preference.
Clergy receive volumes of invitations to varied events.
Clergy regularly read letters from the pulpit.
Clergy report that merging is the most difficult changes a congregations faces.
Clergy reproduce in their congregation the model of learning they experienced.
Clergy seem to want enhance their own sense of community, which can benefit the life of any diocese.
Clergy serving in large or wealthy parishes generally receive larger pensions.
Clergy speculate about it.
Clergy spend some of their time working quietly alone on their sermons or lessons.
Clergy take counsel with each other, with their bishops, with their lay leaders.
Clergy talk about political issues that are in the news.
Clergy wear long white robes, while the congregation is encouraged to wear paleo-pagan garb.
Clergy often visit the sick in their homes or at hospitals.
All clergy are members.
All clergy are self-supporting, receiving no financial remuneration for their work.
All clergy are welcome at anytime.
All clergy have people come to talk.
Many clergy encourage the couple to look through the Bible and choose some appropriate verses.
Many clergy find that church help is available if proper arrangements are made.
Many clergy find the hardest thing is to shut the front door.
Many clergy look to the commission for guidance in situations involving addictions.
Many clergy rise to high positions by virtue of a zest for administering accounts.
Many clergy share the vision of using the Internet as a ministry tool.
Many clergy take part in community or recreational activities sponsored by their place of worship.
More clergy come to our church frequently and missionary communities are growing.
Most clergy are greatly deficient in two major areas.
Most clergy are too busy to even visit members of their own church.
Most clergy are unwilling to accept rejection because of what they teach.
Most clergy come from metropolitan backgrounds.
Most clergy view the Internet as an adjunct to personal interaction.
Some clergy are able to provide skillful pastoral counseling, while others have different gifts.
Some clergy are divorced and remarried.
Some clergy are no more tolerant of scientists.
Some clergy are so worried about vandlism that they have resorted to locking their churches.
Some clergy now refuse to marry a couple unless they have completed such a course.
Some clergy put more personal conscious into their teachings than others.
Some clergy report having seen miracles.
Some clergy request to meet with the couple prior to the wedding.
Some clergy suggest that the heart is where the soul is located.
Some clergy take vows of poverty.
Some clergy tend to the personal and religious needs of people who are sick, disabled, or in prison.
A clergyman is a spiritual leader
Clergyman takes up search, finds diaries, and marries Jewish wife.
Clergymans are part of clergy.
Clergymans are professionals.
Clergymans are spiritual leaders.
Clergymen are in a separate group.
Clergymen go further.
Clergymen Speak Out - There are moral issues to address regarding the airport.
Clergymen tend to be unreliable and pompous figures.
Clergymen usually insist that the casket be closed during the service itself.
All clergymen use the basil flower when the blessing the waters takes place.
Many clergymen are more interested in developing programs.
Some clergymen are still reluctant to marry divorced people in a full church ceremony.
Some clergymen are unhappy about scientists creating life.
A cleric is a clergyman
Clerics also feature a calming line of spells.
Clerics also have some powerful new spells.
Clerics are a special case.
Clerics are also mighty warriors against undead foes.
Clerics are clergymans.
Clerics are first to be degraded from their orders.
Clerics are located in churchs.
Clerics are much cooler.
Clerics are none too good at apologising.
Clerics are one of the hardest classes for a warrior to kill, but it is possible.
Clerics are the best class in the game at healing and buffing other players.
Clerics are the masters of the art of healing and protection.
Clerics are the most defensively orientated of all the classes.
Clerics are the ones to really get the short end of the stick.
Clerics are the only class in the game who can ressurect the dead.
Clerics are the record keepers and historians of the orders.
Clerics are very defensive in nature and have a wide variety of defensive and healing spells.
Clerics basically have two utility spells at their disposal.
Clerics can also turn undead and control the undead.
Clerics can be almost painfully difficult to level and warriors very simple.
Clerics can now turn undead only a limited number of times per day.
Clerics do it on the altar.
Clerics get two weapon proficiencies to start, so use one in the missile weapon proficiency slot.
Clerics have the ability to heal oneself and also another person.
Clerics heal and buff others.
Clerics heal wounds and cast magical protective shields for the whole party.
Clerics know how to swing a sword as well as cast a righteously powerful spell.
Clerics make up the bureaucracy of each order, each serving in a semi-official capacity.
Clerics now have another reason to want to see an upturn in church attendances.
Clerics officially dominate nearly all aspects of Iranian life, both urban and rural.
Clerics play a leading role in many ecumenical movements worldwide.
Clerics receive three separate and stackable lines of buffing spells, as well as resistance buffs.
Clerics rely on their Piety and Constitution.
All clerics exercise a pastoral and a liturgical ministry.
Many clerics are against a device that is essentially a cover for pre-marital sex.
Many clerics have a narrow idea of 'wedding photography'.
Some clerics obtain the alcohol from the glands of an alcohol dragon for rites of passage.
Some clerics say that years of smorgasbord services have left their members feeling disconnected.
Clerical assistance is available for client casework.
Clerical assistants do work for the general division as well as manual and miscellaneous things.
Clerical celibacy is optional.
Clerical dignity is a thing of the past.
Clerical employees assist with department paperwork.
Clerical employees make up the largest constituency within that group.
Clerical employees work with both the professional and technical positions.
Clerical errors are common, due to the complexity, which is the root of the problem.
Clerical errors are sometimes common.
Clerical errors are subject to correction.
Clerical errors can occur.
All clerical errors are subject to correction.
Clerical experience is required.
Some clerical experience is desired.
Clerical help can provide records of routine or unusual occurrences.
Clerical jobs are often an easy place to begin delegating.
Clerical jobs offer few advancement opportunities.
Clerical jobs offer little opportunity for advancement.
Clerical jobs offer no opportunity for advancement.
Clerical jobs represent the largest number of reclassification requests.
All clerical jobs are an important part of the company.
Most clerical jobs offer no opportunity for advancement.
Clerical mistakes are infrequent, but they do happen.
Many clerical occupations are part-time which gives workers some flexibility.
Clerical personnel have no backlog, but are rushed on phone calls.
Clerical positions are also available.
Clerical positions involve support work in office, business or fiscal operations.
Clerical positions involve support work in office, business, or fiscal operations.
Clerical positions require a typing test.
Clerical positions require additional testing as indicated below.
Clerical positions require submittal of a typing certificate with the application.
All clerical positions require a combination of written and skills tests.
All clerical positions require skills testing.
Most clerical positions require verification of the applicant s typing ability.
Some clerical positions require a typing test.
Some clerical positions require a work sample from candidates when they come to interview.
Clerical skills require a high degree of accuracy and coordination.
Clerical staff can access specific documents and answer questions directly on the phone.
Clerical staff can run the software and generate the reports for the teams in less than one hour.
Clerical staff consists of a section clerk and section secretary.
Clerical staff continues expansion of rental database with detailed addressing and occupancy limits.
Clerical staff is dedicated and helpful.
Clerical staff is instrumental in making all other functions of the company operate smoothly.
Clerical staff is unallowable unless project meets the definition of a major program.
All clerical staff is invited to the luncheon and program in Glenn Auditorium.
Clerical support is available for resumes, letters, applications and copying.
Clerical support is essential.
Clerical support is provided by statistical assistants and, to a lesser degree, clerk typists.
Clerical support is provided.
Clerical tasks performed are more complex and involved.
Clerical time is reduced.
Clerical volunteers create and maintain data support for the scientists at the Lab.
Clerical volunteers help with mailings, data entry and general office support.
Clerical work includes much more than secretarial work.
Clerical work is limited to no more than eight hours, as are fundraising activities.
Clerical work is performed in accordance with established policies, procedures, or techniques.
Clerical work isn t like other professional work where conflict is part of the game.
Some clerical work is required.
Clerical workers help with occasional mailings, researchers and archivists work with the curator.
A clericalism is policy
Clericalism is something else.
Clerks of court are recordkeepers, court administrators and government leaders.
A clerk is an employee
Clerk am Five through most air within several thirst.
Clerk assigns the bill a calendar number and the final printing of the bill is done.
Clerk assigns the bill a calendar number.
Clerk call the next case.
Clerk calls the case.
Clerk comes back.
Clerk fills information and saves it.
Clerk has handles.
Clerk is arrange for the roof to be repaired and a pole to be put outside for a new bus timetable.
Clerk is definitely a misnomer.
Clerk is directed to file and seal on envelope.
Clerk is directed to file and seal one envelope.
Clerk is prompted for member's name.
Clerk is required to complete return on citation after receiving properly signed green card.
Clerk means the city clerk.
Clerk means the clerk or deputy clerk of the court.
Clerk offers probate, passport, marriage and real estate registration.
Clerk provides patron a cash register receipt.
Clerk provides patron with a clean towel.
Clerk provides patron with clean towel and destroys cash register receipt.
Clerk requests new member and enters the information into the system.
Clerk rings up full amount and subtracts coupon plus tax.
Clerk stands by apparently satisfied with the fit.
Clerks act as sales personnel, help with merchandise presentation and inventory.
Clerks also assign guests their rooms, answer questions, and take payments when guests check out.
Clerks also calculate mileage between cities and highlight the best route on a road map.
Clerks also carry out owners' instructions to destroy outdated records that are no longer needed.
Clerks also enter crime and traffic data into the computer.
Clerks also keep records of articles received or shipped.
Clerks also prepare memoranda on complex issues of law.
Clerks also print out informational sheets for each hearing.
Clerks also profile all passengers.
Clerks also update existing policies.
Clerks are also responsible for informing state and local government agencies of court orders.
Clerks are also responsible for unloading shipments from trucks.
Clerks are an element of our customer service.
Clerks are approachable and friendly, and offer keen advice on what to buy and what to avoid.
Clerks are available for assistance.
Clerks are barely humanoid life-forms drawn from the cooling pools of leaky nuclear reactors.
Clerks are employees.
Clerks are films.
Clerks are humans.
Clerks are located in airports.
Clerks are located in bookstores.
Clerks are located in hotels.
Clerks are located in post offices.
Clerks are located in shops.
Clerks are located in stores.
Clerks are members of small, yet very productive, legal teams.
Clerks are older women and men formally dressed in three-piece suits or fashion attire.
Clerks are on the inside of the judicial process.
Clerks are professions.
Clerks are responsible for granting marriage licenses and also can perform marriage ceremonies.
Clerks are very knowledgeable and helpful.
Clerks assist in the judicial process and sometimes influence it.
Clerks begin the filing process by classifying documents.
Clerks bustle to and fro, operators enter data, and the PCs are in the way.
Clerks can add users.
Clerks can change only roster information.
Clerks can make errors in 'official' marriage certificates.
Clerks can replace professionals in administering the income maintenance program.
Clerks deliver fast call-backs and instant trade confirmations.
Clerks do the initial screening of petitions.
Clerks drive their clients to the appropriate box or shelf in carriages or small rickshaws.
Clerks encourage all members and attenders to wear name tags.
Clerks finish reading committee reports.
Clerks fix monetary errors or incorrect amounts of vacation time.
Clerks gather information about the job and find workers who meet the job requirements.
Clerks generally use computers to keep track of all the payments.
Clerks have an opportunity to learn the finer points of checking IDs.
Clerks have hard time adjusting to junior associate status in firms.
Clerks have to be behind their desks then, too.
Clerks help the justices screen new cases, do research and draft opinions.
Clerks help with involuntary hospitalization cases.
Clerks inspect cargo, record the type and amount of cargo, and report any cargo damage.
Clerks keep track of the hours and dollar amounts to charge to each job.
Clerks learn to prevent illegal alcohol sales to underage or intoxicated patrons.
Clerks look at a list to see which codes fits the data.
Clerks make sure that payments are up to date.
Clerks only handle miscellaneous charges.
Clerks perform legal research and assist department lawyers, as required.
Clerks prepare and present a patient to faculty at each site and participate in conferences.
Clerks prepare cake and goodie bags for the canine partiers.
Clerks primarily do research and writing and often assist in trial preparation.
Clerks proofread the printouts to find errors or missing information.
Clerks provide clerical support.
Clerks pull out goldfish, rabbits, pigeons, cats on leashes, loose dogs.
Clerks receive an update on elections and other issues.
Clerks review and verify data.
Clerks sit in front of a screen and receive orders by telephone.
Clerks sort the internal mail and deliver it to other employees.
Clerks wait behind the glass to take fines and stamp legal-looking sheets of paper.
Clerks work in legal divisions with attorneys on a number of law- related assignments.
Clerks always work in teams.
Clerks often take part in negotiations, closings, depositions, and trials.
Clerks often try to subtract the year in which a customer was born from the current year.
Clerks sometimes give aptitude, personality, and interest tests.
Clerks usually write the first drafts.
Many clerks even let citizens search the records themselves.
Many clerks have the same concerns and questions.
Many clerks require cash bonds only.
Most clerks continue to be taught new procedures after their initial training ends.
Some clerks are college graduates who have a degree in business, finance, or the liberal arts.
Some clerks are college graduates with degrees in business, finance, or the liberal arts.
Some clerks are college graduates.
Some clerks are models of efficiency and charm.
Some clerks calculate wages, taxes, commissions, and payments.
Some clerks deliberately ring up a greater price on the cash register than was advertised.
Some clerks help manage dockets, or serve as a liaison between the judge and attorneys.
Some clerks use letter sorting machines.
Some clerks verify employment and financial information of credit card applicants.
Some clerks work as receptionists or desk clerks giving out information on routine matters.
Some clerks work evening or weekend shifts.
Some clerks work part time.
A clerkship is a position
Clerkship is designed as initial full-time exposure to otolaryngology.
Clerkships also have long term value.
Clerkships are available in both basic science and clinical disciplines.
Clerkships are full-time paid positions on the judge's staff.
Clerkships are modular.
Clerkships are normally for one or two years.
Clerkships are positions.
Clerkships are resource-intensive for faculty.
Clerkships carry professional obligations and responsibilities.
Clerkships have special value to attorneys seeking particular types of jobs.
Clerkships provide students who are on weekend call time off to attend worship services.
All clerkships are for four week unless special arrangements are made ahead of time.
All clerkships utilize evaluation forms, which are included in their respective webpages.
Most clerkships are similar in structure.
Most clerkships have didactic sessions which students are required to attend.
Most clerkships have overnight call.
Some clerkships have overnight call.
Clever actors seem to know just where to reach under the table.
Clever bait can sometimes even unhook the snap, so take precautions.
Clever calculations can help keep the lid on payments.
Clever cartoon shows how members constantly pay late charges to everyone but the church.
Clever children bust themselves but still underachieve at school.
Clever counsellors can try to give themselves a boost by claiming to be facilitators.
Clever criminals continue to plague local financial institutions.
Clever design can also reduce the amount of materials needed in a product.
Clever design disguises the incredible amount of information presented.
Clever design uses air to release steel sheets.
Clever fingers tickle the unknown.
Clever illustrations juxtapose the present day with depictions of Civil War scenes.
Clever illustrations provide entertainment and help the reader remember tips.
Clever layout makes Civics seem roomier than they are.
Clever lyrics are interwoven with extremely catchy melodies.
Clever men are the authors of human philosophy.
Clever minds are particularly good at that.
Clever misdirection is one thing, but withholding vital information is just a cheat.
Clever money understands it.
Clever names can be fun, but confusing.
Clever organizations change before they have to.
Clever parents can produce healthful snacks from even the most sparsely stocked pantries.
Clever people can assume characteristics of young or old, man or woman.
Clever people go to court and bring an interim order.
Clever people say much.
Clever pieces fit vertically and horizontally.
Clever platitudes mean little to real citizens hurt by government preference.
Clever policy consists in making nations believe they are free.
More clever policy is choice of a card from three or four identical open cards.
Clever presentations make everything from animals to sports to history come alive.
Clever programming can dramatically reduce the number of program segments.
Clever psychology can sometimes substitute for eye tracking hardware.
Clever puns are funny.
Clever puns are great in moderation.
Clever rats can swipe a chunk of cheese quickly without getting caught in a trap.
Clever recycling lends creativity to the scene.
Clever rumors come from clever people.
Clever satire is matched with strong effects.
Clever studio tricks on several tracks boost the link with the past.
Clever thinkers resort to metaphors and analogies.
Clever titles attract more readers.
Clever titles suck.
Clever use is made of windows, each with a handy toolbar permitting expansion of information.
Clever writing is what makes news releases acceptable to media gatekeepers.
Cleverness abounds in Western music.
Cleverness also is evident in our tools and technology.
Cleverness follows and in a short time all the virtues disappear and the reason becomes impaired.
Cleverness is appreciated.
Cleverness is better than strength.
Cleverness is creativity
Cleverness is intelligence without a sense of purpose.
Cleverness is like having a library full of books.
Cleverness is serviceable for everything, sufficient for nothing.
Cleverness is the hiding of things.
Cleverness is useless without innocence.
Cleverness isa creativity.
Cleverness takes thought and skill, while obscenities can be thrown around by anyone.
Cleverness tends to be derivative.
A clew is evidence
Any clew spun by the spindle of wisdom in the workshop of ambition turns into linen and silk.
A cliche is a remark
A cliche is a truism
Cliche is bad in writing for a number of reasons.
Cliches are bad because they bore editors.
Cliches are bad because they make editors reject stories.
Cliches are bad.
Cliches are cliches because they are true.
Cliches are information.
Cliches are no help here.
Cliches are simplistic solutions to complex problems.
Cliches are true for a reason.
Cliches express complex thought in simple, common terms.
Cliches find their way into all sports - even bowling.
Cliches have developed in language through over-use, that's all.
Cliches have their place, of course.
Cliches make for sloppy writing.
Cliches multiply like rabbits, and each scene becomes progressively worse than the last.
Cliches stand in for more precise descriptions of something.
Cliches turn into convictions.
Cliches often lose their original denotations.
Cliches sometimes creep into prose because they say exactly what needs to be said.
Every cliche is used, down to the ticking clock at the end.
Many cliches are specific to a newsgroup or mailing list.
Most cliches indicate laziness and trite thought.
Most cliches start out as idioms which are peculiar to a particular culture.
Some cliches are just plain stupid.
Click action die pins make punch pattern adjustments easy.
Click angels name to view each angel.
A click beetle is a beetle
Click beetles are nocturnal and, like many nocturnal flying insects, are attracted to lights.
Click beetles are the adult life stage of wireworms.
Click beetles have a hinged thorax, so if they get turned upside down, they can flip back upright.
Click beetles have an amazing ability to flip themselves upright from their backs.
Click beetles range in size from a few millimeters to over an inch.
Click book cover to read more or order.
Click book run for full story.
Click buttons give a better feel, improving the tactile response to operator commands.
Click charge accounts button at the top of page for details.
Click colours are rich and complement each other.
Click configurations are modular and easy to extend.
Click county link for list.
Click floor plan to enlarge.
Most click languages are in the Khosian family.
Click maintenance log to see the newly created maintenance log.
Click meeting dates for details.
Click name link to access more information.
Click points reveal hundreds and hundreds of hidden surprises.
Click press releases for more information.
Click press releases to the left for more informaiton.
Click press releases to the left for more information.
Click product link to see description and photo.
Click program covers for larger images.
Click rate is one measure of the effectiveness of a particular banner, or of an entire campaign.
Click rates are harder to measure than deliveries of a pointer.
Click rates are much higher on devices.
Click rates are typically higher than on banner ads.
Click routers are flexible, configurable, and easy to understand at a high level.
Click screen shots to see some captured images.
Click specification link above for detailed product information.
Click tornado sign to get answers to questions .
A click is sound
Click covers for more information.
Click faces for player profiles.
Clicks also serves sandwiches, appetizers, and drinks.
Clicks are depressions.
Clicks are how many people clicked on an advertisement to visit the associated site.
Clicks are italics.
Clicks are useful to buyers only when qualified users sit behind the clicks.
Clicks cause action.
Clicks cause understands.
Clicks demonstrate the interest gathered from the creative used when campaigning.
Clicks Help Raising money to help save the problems of the world.
Clicks hold the mainspring in the coiled position during and after winding the clock.
Clicks lead to diagrams that show how energy is produced.
Clicks link to their interviews featuring great career background information.
Clicks seem to occure on certain system configuration.
Clicks tend to come form other areas.
Clicks toggle the state of an item.
All clicks return to the host site.
Every click brings three more marbles of various colors, and they fall in random spaces.
Every click can make money.
Every click contributes towards preservation of one of our most important natural resources.
Every click counts.
Every click donates free food.
Every click doubles the magnification.
Every click feeds a hungry person.
Every click helps.
Every click is a purchase decision.
Every click makes a difference.
More clicks mean more dollars.
Clickable areas can be in the form of rectangles, circles or polygons.
Clickable areas have to be created.
All clickable areas are rectangles enclosing the labels on the maps.
Clickable avatars are the second easiest avatar to get.
Clickable daggers serve as navigational tools through the pages.
Clickable facilities link to fees info.
Clickable graphics have a thick blue frame.
Clickable image maps only work with graphically-oriented Web browers.
Clickable images are just like hypertext.
Clickable images help illustrate a description of a product or explain a concept.
Clickable images used for site navigation on Web pages require image mapping HTML code.
Clickable images work with graphical Web browsers only.
Clickable interfaces are the worst when it comes to documenting what has been done.
All clickable items are in postscript format, except the abstracts which are in plain text.
All clickable items are in postscript format.
All clickable items are in postscript or html format, except the abstracts which are in plain text.
Clickable links appear throughout the manual.
Clickable links call up detailed explanations for most parts.
Clickable links can reopen any of the sites.
Clickable links seem to be more attractive to the user than boring words.
Clickable map allows one to zoom for more detail.
Clickable map leads to images.
Clickable map leads to tons of photographs of Africa from space.
Clickable map makes it easy.
Clickable map shows detailed listings and info about each state.
Clickable maps drill down.
Clickable maps indicate the location of religious buildings across the province of Quebec.
Clickable maps link to summaries of animal waste production by state.
Clickable maps make it easy.
Clickable maps open up further possibilities.
Clickable maps point out the location of various religious buildings across the province of Quebec.
Clickable names lead to more detailed information, including invidual web sites.
Clickable names lead to more info.
Clickable Person Identify common body parts and link to the printed word.
Every clickable pictures can get it's own html page.
Clickable titles link to reviews by instructors who have used that text in class.
Clickable topics lead the user to specific reports, statistics, laws, etc.
Clickable tour explains particle physics.
Clickable vocabulary is here .
Clickable words allow the student to hear pronunciations, reinforcing recognition and phonetics.
Clickable world map An impressive collection of documents, searchable by keyword.
Clickthrough rates are higher than average.
Clickthrough rates continue to decline.
Clickthrough rates indicate the percentage of people who see an ad that click on it.
Clickthrough rates mean nothing.
Client applications are able to retrieve text or multimedia documents stored on servers.
Client applications are able to retrieve text or multimedia documents stored on the servers.
Client applications are for DCMA personnel use only.
Client applications are unaware of any network access required for completion of application calls.
Client applications can also recieve status information from juked .
Client applications can incorporate different browsers to handle different media types.
Client applications can parse the output text, and store only relevant information.
Client applications connect to a service port.
Client applications connect via sockets from either the local or a remote machine.
Client applications range from visual factory to total agile manufacturing control architectures.
Client applications request a result set only.
Client applications request documents using keywords.
Client applications start up the server's client software by loading the driver.
Client applications submit database requests to the server using query statements.
Every client application contains a resolver.
Many client applications exist to make the process easy.
Most client applications have a '-M' option, which requests service from the master only.
Client certificates are a more elegant solution.
Client certificates are no less secure than the consumer authentication methods used today.
Client certificates can also be password-protected, but only on the user's local host.
Client certificates install directly to the browser.
Client certificates Requires each client to obtain a certificate.
Client certificates serve to identify a given client browser to a specific web server.
Client computers access a server that performas back-end services.
Client computers act a information receivers.
Client computers ask for information.
Client computers can only edit respondent data and administer tests.
Client computers require no additional software.
Client computers require only a browser and the plug-in.
Client computers tune in to the broadcast.
Client confidentiality is a fundamental element of our relationships.
Client confidentiality is absolute.
Client confidentiality is assured at all times.
Client confidentiality is assured.
Client confidentiality is based on two essential considerations.
Client confidentiality is ensured.
Client confidentiality is essential.
Client confidentiality is guaranteed.
Client confidentiality is maintained.
Client confidentiality is observed with the highest code of professional ethics.
Client confidentiality is paramount.
Client list Find out who is using Lab.
Client list includes corporate, military, governmental and educational groups, worldwide.
Client list includes local residential to international commercial accounts.
Client list includes representatives from the legal, accounting and medical industries.
Client list is also available.
Client list is impressive.
Client list is the proof.
Client machines are systems that request information from the server.
Client machines can be ANY operating system.
Client machines can suffer from network disconnections and are far less reliable.
Client programs access servers to obtain data.
Client programs are available for a wide range of computers.
Client programs are available from area computer vendors and bookstores.
Client programs are free on all platforms.
Client programs are fun and easy since someone else has already written the server portion.
Client programs are local programs.
Client programs are software that executes only a user's machine.
Client programs can also specify the identity tracking and select the impersonation type.
Client programs can retrieve the model description through client library calls.
Client programs can run on even the least powerful personal computers.
Client programs can use either a command line interface or a graphical user interface.
Client programs consult the lookup service in order to obtain the server's transport address.
Client programs do, in general they perform other tasks, e.g. editing text, drawing diagrams.
Client programs run on many other hosts updating their various databases.
Client programs send requests.
Client programs work with server programs and server programs require specific client programs.
Client server computing currently has no standard, agreed-upon definition.
Client server is our specialty.
Client servers using Internet-based technology can now maintain work once handled by bank staff.
Client side is enabled from Internet.
Client software comes on a single disk.
Client software does MORE of the application processing.
Client software filters the incoming data, per the user's preferences.
Client software has to be replaced with proxy-aware clients.
Client software installed on each machine allows users to connect to network drives and share files.
Client software is a Web browser on any platfom.
Client software is able to make a request of server software, which fulfills the request.
Client software is available for a variety of platforms.
Client software is available for any machine.
Client software is available for many different types of computers.
Client software is available for most operating systems and platforms.
Client software is designed to be lightweight and easy to port.
Client software is freely distributable after purchase of the server software.
Client software is included.
Client software is installed on the network-connected clients.
Client software is simply a web browser.
Client software is the visible window to the Web.
Client software known as a newsreader is required to read articles in a newsgroup.
Client software needs to reside on all clients' systems.
Client software provides local keystroke echoing.
Client software resides on the user's computer and requests information from a server.
Client software runs independently of the type of connection to the Internet.
Client software works on one of a variety of projects.
Client states benefit only the master states.
A client is a case
Client accepts all terms and conditions herein.
Client accepts unknown host keys from the server.
Client acknowledges receipt of the standards of practice which applies.
Client acknowledges that consultant is authorized to do so.
Client acknowledges that there is NO cooling-off period.
Client acquires no rights other than temporary use.
Client agrees that any setup fee is non-refundable.
Client agrees that the Internet is neither owned nor controlled by any one entity.
Client agrees that the security of accounts is first and foremost client's own responsibility.
Client agrees to a contract of the term specified below, beginning upon commencement of service.
Client agrees to abide by any and all existing laws.
Client agrees to accept and assume full responsibility and liability for all such hazards.
Client agrees to destroy all digital files within one week of reproduction.
Client agrees to furnish one tear page or copy of publication in which the photographs appear.
Client agrees to having the necessary additional knowledge and skill level required.
Client agrees to inform the consumer when denying credit based on a credit bureau report.
Client agrees to pay a minimum of one month in advance for services offered.
Client agrees to pay all authorized managed services fees upon completion of service.
Client agrees to pay all costs of collection including court costs and attorneys fees.
Client agrees to pay all costs of collection, including attornev s fees, for delinquent accounts.
Client agrees to pay all costs of litigation.
Client agrees to pay all fees and fines in addition to the base monthly hosting fee.
Client agrees to pay any and all collection fees.
Client agrees to pay for all costs for products and services so obtained.
Client agrees to pay for the usage rights granted.
Client agrees to pay IQS for services rendered monthly.
Client agrees to pay Light Speed Host for services rendered pursuant to the payment schedule.
Client agrees to pay The Service Provider for services rendered pursuant to the payment schedule.
Client agrees to promptly satisfy all margin and maintenance calls.
Client agrees to reimburse attorney for all costs of litigation.
Client agrees to update all such data promptly and submit additional information if needed.
Client agrees to use the service in a manner consistent with any and all applicable laws.
Client allocates a local port number and sends it to server at well-known port.
Client allows for a flexible work schedule.
Client approves final design.
Client arrives for appointment.
Client asks the Server what is the location of the Target.
Client assigns a value to a variable in the remote server's namespace.
Client assumes all legal and related fees incurred in collection activities.
Client assumes all responsibility for all damage to underground equipment in absence of such notice.
Client assumes all responsibility for any damage incurred related to viewing, shipping or handling.
Client assumes all responsibility for information derived from the Internet.
Client assumes all risk for digital advertising files submitted without a proof.
Client assumes moving expenses.
Client assumes responsibility for safe handling, use and return of images upon delivery.
Client assumes responsibility upon signing checkout form.
Client assumes sole responsibility for above mentioned risks.
Client attempts to keep the cursor inside a large box, which moves randomly about the screen.
Client authenticates to the server.
Client bears full and exclusive responsibility for all content within their survey.
Client bears sole responsibility for the accuracy of submitted information.
Client calls coach at the scheduled time.
Client calls for an appointment.
Client calls in a vet hospital can be overwhelming.
Client calls the State Bar for assistance.
Client can access and hence depend on internal representation of sets.
Client can begin offline promotion.
Client can board the bus by adding a few questions to questionnaire.
Client can choose background color.
Client can conduct mid-term reviews at our office.
Client can later append to the stream anything that is compatible with ostream.
Client can likely come up with a small fee.
Client can manipulate objects from client.
Client can now view images.
Client can pay by credit card, check or money order.
Client can provide materials for insertion.
Client can request reports as required.
Client can select and schedule, full, incremental or differential mode backups.
Client can thus figure out which password to use at any given time.
Client can transfer more than one notification requests in one send operation.
Client can transition to turn-key solution at any time.
Client can use any email software on any operating platform.
Client can visualize the location of a plane on the region the client controls.
Client cheats some people, including Gullible, out of thousands of dollars.
Client chooses best one.
Client chooses to renew the domain.
Client complains of sinus difficulties, eye irritation, persistant rash, and recurring bloody nose.
Client concatenates the challenge and secret, performs hash function, and returns the result.
Client conducts final interviews and makes a hiring decision.
Client consults the associated parameter.
Client contacts a Web site for the first time.
Client costs disputes less likely than with a straight hourly rate.
Client customized responses are timely and all correspondence is personalized.
Client decides how to display.
Client delivers real-time solutions to the global wireless industry.
Client demands for efficiency and one-stop shopping.
Client demonstrates alternative ways of dealing with stress.
Client develops engine control systems.
Client does big media push.
Client does single copy.
Client driven options give the customer control of the experience, and increased satisfaction .
Client employs attorney to represent client in a personal injury matter on a contingent fee basis.
Client establishes new session with file server.
Client extends offer of coffee.
Client features Here.
Client feels better about self, or started to like self better.
Client fills in information on the form and submits it.
Client fixes by user.
Client follow up, create client files, walk-in client intake.
Client furnishes personal gear.
Client further agrees to pay all costs of collection plus reasonable attorney fees.
Client further assumes all responsibility for content sent through that account.
Client gives final approval of project.
Client gives in, pays provider an arm and a leg to improve site.
Client going through a multimedia presentation can be in a mobile environment.
Client hereby agrees to any and all of the terms and conditions herein set-forth.
Client hereby agrees to the terms of usage as detailed in Acceptable Use Policy .
Client hereby waives any right to change venue.
Client identifies key internal contacts.
Client identifies objectives for establishing a web presence.
Client initiates the configuration mode with the gateway.
Client interprets the reply.
Client is able to identify some of the concerns that have led to the referral being made.
Client is able to retain margin while maintaining level of service.
Client is able to secure and maintain critical government contracts.
Client is able to update the listings and photos from their desktop.
Client is blocked waiting for a reply in either case.
Client is free.
Client is healthy, youthful and less concerned about potential incapacity.
Client is in acquisition mode, having made two major purchases within the last year.
Client is in the business of assembling aluminum storm windows.
Client is in the business of manufacturing custom made plastic pallets.
Client is in the business of selling software and services to the retail optical market.
Client is investment portfolio and location is university city in the midwest.
Client is kept fully informed on search progress.
Client is large, blue-chip company.
Client is leader in the industry.
Client is liable for all meals and accommodation of the safety pilot.
Client is liable for any and all fees incurred up to the effective date of cancellation.
Client is low profile and below the radar screens, but very prosperous and getting ever better.
Client is more in touch with feelings, thoughts, memories or other experiences.
Client is newer than server.
Client is responsible for all costs of preparation and shipment of cord blood.
Client is responsible for all equipment packaged properly and returned timely.
Client is responsible for all InterNIC fees.
Client is responsible for all shipping costs of materials.
Client is responsible for all the transportation expenses of the surrogate partner.
Client is responsible for all use of client's account and confidentiality of passwords.
Client is responsible for any additional fees charged by the caregiver or hospital.
Client is responsible for any collection costs.
Client is responsible for any long distance phone calls.
Client is responsible for charges at the time the service is used.
Client is responsible for coordinating time with a satellite broker and all costs involved.
Client is responsible for deletion when done, using operator delete.
Client is responsible for displaying output and accepting user input.
Client is responsible for expedited service fees.
Client is responsible for ISDN line installation and charges incurred at their site.
Client is responsible for maintaining backups of any data stored on Meganet-owned equipment.
Client is responsible for notifying hotel prior to delivery.
Client is responsible for paying the fees of the client s local therapist.
Client is responsible for populating the Provider Site with Catalog Information.
Client is responsible for printing current copies of Members and their related information.
Client is responsible for proofreading site and noting mistakes to be corrected.
Client is responsible for proper handling of product after pickup.
Client is responsible for providing a dedicated phone line in their facility.
Client is responsible for providing advertising copy.
Client is responsible for providing bonded and licensed event security.
Client is responsible for providing web server space to place their pages on.
Client is responsible for qualifying customers to purchase.
Client is responsible for reasonable lodging and meal expenses of surrogate partner.
Client is responsible for releasing the instance after that.
Client is responsible for replacing broken or lost equipment.
Client is responsible for setting up the storage and web hosting for their completed web site.
Client is responsible for shipping, billing and collections.
Client is responsible for the programming and design of their personal home page.
Client is responsible for the shipping charges.
Client is responsible solely for independent back-up of data stored on servers.
Client is responsible to abide by all local, state, and federal laws and regulations.
Client is responsible to make payment on the roper intervals.
Client is responsible to provide all data, text, links and photos to be used on site.
Client is solely responsible for all design, content, supervision, and backup of website.
Client is solely responsible for independent backup of data stored on Provider s servers.
Client is solely responsible for independent backup of data stored on provider.
Client is solely responsible for independent backup of data stored on Provider.
Client is solely responsible for independent off-site backup of files and data.
Client is solely responsible for maintaining data, file, and directory structure back-ups.
Client is solely responsible for maintaining data, file, and directory structure backups.
Client is to provide all their own camping gear and food.
Client is to supply banner ad or existing banner site address.
Client is wholly responsible for the compatibility of their code to our server.
Client is willing to experiment during actions which accelerates growth.
Client is willing to train the successful candidate.
Client leaves early or arrives late because of a scheduled doctor or dentist appointment.
Client log in time.
Client logs into the trading portal provide credential and places orders.
Client maintains anonymity.
Client maintains site through on-line browser.
Client maintains sole responsibility for data backups and restoration.
Client maintains user-specific information across multiple requests.
Client makes remote procedure call to server side, which calls print router component.
Client manages the user interface and runs applications.
Client meets with other persons experiencing similar problems as a group with the counselor.
Client meets with staff to prepare for custody mediation.
Client needs and goals focus our business and drive our quality.
Client needs and objectives are foremost in the Trillium approach to investing.
Client needs and preferences.
Client needs assessment, storyboarding, layout, server file management and ongoing support.
Client needs determination is comprehensive.
Client needs determination is consistent among partners.
Client needs in industry and commerce seem to dictate the subject areas of commercial legal work.
Client needs info on rare disorder.
Client needs quotes and anecdotes for speech.
Client needs silverware, crib, bedding, baby swing, and an infant seat .
Client needs sunglasses, camera, swimsuit.
Client needs to bring a minimum amount of equipment and supplies.
Client needs to match in turn tonality, pitch, tempo, rhythm etc.
Client now downloads the map from the server.
Client now exits when password is used.
Client now has instance of specified object.
Client now has the ability to add a wing to the host's mission.
Client now loads graphics much faster at the beginning and during the game.
Client now logs when connecting as 'guest'.
Client offers excellent benefits and room to grow.
Client offers excellent benefits, including tuition reimbursement.
Client offers great growth opportunity, both professionally and intellectually.
Client offers specialized expertise in utility financial consulting.
Client offers stock options and other great benefits.
Client offers uniquely flexible working hours.
Client only return one result for all the jobs assigned to it.
Client opens a file.
Client owns all hardware purchases and software licenses .
Client participates in system design and testing.
Client pays consultation fee for the session as well as covers the cost of the phone call.
Client pays costs.
Client pays for all film and development costs.
Client pays for any toner or parts if needed.
Client pays for room and board costs.
Client pays for shipping in both directions.
Client prefers someone with metal experience, who can relate technically with engineers etc.
Client printing to local printers is limited to just a couple of users working from home.
Client provides a certificate of the marriage or of the registration of marriage.
Client provides a urine specimen at the time of testing.
Client provides any copy or logos to be included in banner.
Client provides any of the following.
Client provides banner artwork.
Client provides company logo, camera-ready artwork, photos and text.
Client provides content.
Client provides copies of all checks written toward budget.
Client provides disk and match print output.
Client provides logo and text.
Client pull automatic loading of documents is supported.
Client pull technology creates periodic change on a Web page without using active controls.
Client purchases their own alcohol from a package store.
Client quote on results .
Client raises standard and extends boundaries so fewer problems occur.
Client reaches highest level of economic self sufficiency.
Client reaches highest level of economic self-sufficiency.
Client receives complete reproduction and all use rights.
Client receives exactly the same response from cache as from origin server.
Client receives the real packet from the server, but ignores it thinking it is a dupe.
Client recognizes state and learns to recreate it intentionally.
Client refers to the individual receiving mental health services.
Client reimburses retail outlet for featuring corporate logo in their advertising.
Client remains calm and is sleeping good.
Client repays three times MTEC funding assistance .
Client reports ease of breathing.
Client reports to the coach regularly vs. no reporting necessary with the consultant.
Client represents that client meets the applicable financial eligibility requirements.
Client requests an action from the server.
Client requires at least two years U.S. paid professional IT work experience.
Client retains administrative rights.
Client retains ownership of their own domain name at all times.
Client retains rights to all graphics.
Client retains ultimate approval of the finished product.
Client reticent to attempt removal of water boxes as no spares available.
Client returns from community care in shameful condition.
Client reviews the reports and analyzes the fraudulent transactions and takes necessary action.
Client runs on all major operating systems.
Client seeks product no longer available in North American retail markets.
Client seems to have adequate ego strength to stand up to peer pressure.
Client selects product name to get the quote of that product.
Client sends a word to spellcheck to the server.
Client sends async messages during transaction and then commits.
Client sends data to log.
Client sends encrypted data based on own private key if client needs authentication.
Client sends information on the debt including supporting documentation.
Client sends request message to mainserver.
Client sends the password in plaintext.
Client sign off on pre-arranged milestones.
Client signs a contract committing to training.
Client signs off on specifications.
Client signs the consent form.
Client sockets first attempt a direct socket connection.
Client specifies the format and contents of receipt forms and letters.
Client starts a session.
Client starts to work .
Client stops treatment due to side effects Readmitted to hospital.
Client submits a high water mark.
Client submits only text and URL for both ad products.
Client supplies all information, photos, artwork etc.
Client supplies all power and gases.
Client supports file transfers to and from the host.
Client teaching about possible interactions with other Medications and caffeine is essential.
Client thinks there is no personal jurisdiction.
Client threatens staff or volunteer.
Client tries to log in again.
Client updates on-line calendar through browser.
Client updates site through on-line browser.
Client uses HELO command for introduction.
Client uses only the public member functions.
Client visits physician office or laboratory recommended by physician.
Client wait evaluation compared to physician expectations.
Client wants to be a good citizen by checking for references before deleting a resource.
Client warrants that client has legal access to all computers and media to be examined.
Client works fine.
Client write key.
Clients accept value billing better than PR professionals do.
Clients access state operated facilities through CSBs.
Clients access the application via leased lines or the Internet.
Clients access the best server.
Clients access the cache site which in turn accesses the original site.
Clients access the document management system using a standard web browser.
Clients access the server, over the network, to request data.
Clients access the servers to get data, documents and even programs to run locally on the client.
Clients activate messages by pressing the square button featuring the appropriate word or symbol.
Clients agree to and do comply with the Juvenile Diversion Contract.
Clients agree with our philosophy of doing business.
Clients ajh, mmp and erms are standard cases for no lenses because their tear production is reduced.
Clients allocate colors as needed, using the bits specified by the visual to calculate pixel values.
Clients already have to sit weeks before they even meet their attorney.
Clients also act as servers.
Clients also appear to be willing to pay for what they perceive as quality care.
Clients also appreciate attorneys who really listen to what their concerns and needs are.
Clients also appreciate it.
Clients also appreciate the company's independence and skill in separating fact from fiction.
Clients also are freer to experiment with new strategies and suppliers.
Clients also arrive at the detoxification programs through law enforcement agencies .
Clients also ask for cork or ceramic tile.
Clients also attend eating disorder and nutrition counseling groups.
Clients also benefit from greater accessibility and lower fees.
Clients also benefit from our customized approach to research.
Clients also benefit from the expertise and experience of the entire firm.
Clients also can arrange to have mail and other documents read aloud, by appointment.
Clients also can edit meeting agendas in a private portion of the firm's Web site.
Clients also can go online to check in on the status of a project.
Clients also can send videotapes.
Clients also cite conflicts of interest as another reason for being wary of the heavyweights.
Clients also consist of wholesale firms who service speciality retailers.
Clients also depend on relationships with others.
Clients also designate an amount and an optional date.
Clients also discontinue medication because of intolerable side effects such as constipation.
Clients also enjoy a quarterly ranking review to evaluate the overall site.
Clients also find the preliminary planning services the company offers valuable.
Clients also gain experience and confidence in informal impromptu speaking.
Clients also have a responsibility to commit themselves to their program.
Clients also have access to a common area.
Clients also have access to a computer lab.
Clients also have access to a private lounge, kitchen area, plus their own washroom.
Clients also have access to a vendor database for pricing negotiations.
Clients also have access to all impact reports via the web-browser.
Clients also have access to value added services and resources.
Clients also have an additional six hours a week for job search.
Clients also have different ways of looking at the whole issue of automation.
Clients also have responsibilities.
Clients also have the advantage of having their orders executed through the firm's own traders.
Clients also have the opportunity to donate toward the cost of the meal.
Clients also have the option of a secured private cage, which is key access only.
Clients also have the option of charging fees on our website.
Clients also have the option to select their own decorators.
Clients also have time to discuss current events and reminisce.
Clients also have to make a change in the career or school world.
Clients also have trouble communicating what they want.
Clients also learn about the disease, medicines and what is going on with their body.
Clients also learn how to set-up an interview and interview effectively.
Clients also learn job-seeking skills and labor market trends.
Clients also learn valuable lifetime career management skills.
Clients also like the mixture of a disciplined, analytical style and seasoned business candor.
Clients also look for energy and passion or the absence of it.
Clients also love it.
Clients also love the discs.
Clients also make self referrals.
Clients also notice a new openness to options and solutions to problems.
Clients also pay for most expenses including rental cars, hotel rooms, meals, film and more.
Clients also receive assistance in setting up appointments at referral agencies.
Clients also receive assistance with homemaking and other home chores.
Clients also receive electronic reporting of encounter data.
Clients also receive guidance from a job counselor in preparing their resumes.
Clients also receive many add-ons to their regular Internet access accounts.
Clients also receive solicitation letters which raises a modest amount.
Clients also receive substance abuse, vocational and educational assessments.
Clients also receive the results of a large battery of core survey questions.
Clients also report that they like having something new and exciting to do.
Clients also require a quick turnaround time.
Clients also respond well to humor.
Clients also save costs by sharing access to fax machines, copiers and computers.
Clients also share monthly expenses.
Clients apparently appreciate such a service-oriented message.
Clients appreciate frankness and honesty from solicitors.
Clients appreciate honesty and usually come back to the primary practice after the referral.
Clients appreciate knowing that their lawyers are expending effort on their very important matters.
Clients appreciate lawyers and paralegals who understand their business.
Clients appreciate our per unit pricing.
Clients appreciate that client-centered approach.
Clients appreciate the facility's personal touches.
Clients appreciate their individual tastes and styles refletcted in homes and business.
Clients approve all work.
Clients are a designers business.
Clients are a much better way to go MUDding than plain old telnet.
Clients are able to access many services in one stop.
Clients are able to access our network from their own offices.
Clients are able to access shared databases from wherever they are.
Clients are able to access their accounts at any time of the day and from any location in the world.
Clients are able to add as many articles or other features as desired for a reasonable monthly fee.
Clients are able to both search for boats to charter as well as to custom order a vacation online.
Clients are able to choose the styles that fit their wedding vision.
Clients are able to choose what they wish to participate in.
Clients are able to customize their map reports and confirm target property locations.
Clients are able to determine the status of samples and obtain interim results via the web .
Clients are able to discover for themselves what they want and how to arrive at that destination.
Clients are able to free their energy and feel better.
Clients are able to have the style of their choice made in colours to suit their environment.
Clients are able to increase their competitiveness and profitability.
Clients are able to monitor our callers from any off-site location.
Clients are able to read, rest, listen to music or watch videos while in the chamber.
Clients are able to receive specified amounts of pet food at established times.
Clients are able to remain on their jobs and with their families while receiving treatment.
Clients are able to renew their maintenance contract annually for a nominal charge.
Clients are able to retrieve documents using keywords.
Clients are able to return to the mainstream of society and become productive members.
Clients are able to see a substance abuse counselor usually on a weekly basis.
Clients are able to select their preferred meals using the menus provided each week.
Clients are able to share how they feel, and ask questions in a loving and nurturing environment.
Clients are able to stand and reach items that are otherwise impossible to reach while in a chair.
Clients are able to successfully work toward creating a life that is more satisfying.
Clients are able to trade up to new technology immediately when they lease.
Clients are able to use the system and view their loan progress.
Clients are able to view and manage their businesses from a simple browser interface.
Clients are able to view work in progress from a secure page on our website.
Clients are absolutely amazed at the beautiful condition of our pre-owned watches.
Clients are absolutely paranoid about their trophies being held up.
Clients are across a range of sectors and include a number of major legal clients.
Clients are active participants in planning and implementing treatment.
Clients are adults of all ages and ability levels.
Clients are adults with secondary and tertiary health problems and related emotional crises.
Clients are affordable housing providers, investors and lenders.
Clients are almost all Canadian.
Clients are also able to obtain copy certificates.
Clients are also able to travel to other countries to receive the best treatment available.
Clients are also apprised of their transferee's satisfaction with the relocation services.
Clients are also available to work with news servers, to NoCeM messages on a site-wide basis.
Clients are also objects.
Clients are also people inside and outside the organisation, who use the archives.
Clients are also pleased with the ability to leave with a completed job in hand.
Clients are also sometimes reluctant to buy into the idea.
Clients are also thrilled to have the firm within driving distance rather than a plane-flight away.
Clients are also welcome to e-mail our support team for assistance.
Clients are also welcome to pay for services with domestic and international money orders.
Clients are also welcome to visit and browse the catalogue or view material on-site.
Clients are also, when necessary, helped to overcome bad credit records.
Clients are always aware of account activity.
Clients are always interested in cutting their research costs.
Clients are always welcome and encouraged to monitor the initial interviewing process.
Clients are always welcome to call and discuss any issues they wish.
Clients are always welcome to come back with any concerns or questions or to change methods.
Clients are always wrong.
Clients are amazed.
Clients are an integration of biological, psychological, sociocultural, and spiritual spheres.
Clients are at all times solely at their own risk unless due to our proven negligence.
Clients are available for anonymous ftp from several sites.
Clients are available for most operating systems.
Clients are available for most popular desktop environments.
Clients are aware of sounds, smells, and other sensory stimuli as well as where they are.
Clients are better able to balance their personal, career, retirement and lifestyle objectives.
Clients are books.
Clients are both corporate and professional associations.
Clients are both public and private across a wide range of sectors.
Clients are business men, executives and diplomats.
Clients are business, corporate, educational and professional.
Clients are by and large American, so fluency in written and spoken English is required.
Clients are cases.
Clients are cash buyers willing to pay top prices for highly desirable property.
Clients are comfortable at the round-end desk setting.
Clients are commercial, government, and university labs.
Clients are committed to hiring individuals from a variety of backgrounds and experiences.
Clients are companies or other organizations based in the United States or abroad.
Clients are compatible with servers that are at the same version level or higher.
Clients are confused about what their interim obligations are.
Clients are conscious and always have control in their sessions.
Clients are consumers of services and resources.
Clients are continuously amazed at the results produced.
Clients are cool.
Clients are court-mandated to complete sex offender treatment.
Clients are crucial in their cases because, for all practical purposes, they are co-counsels.
Clients are culturally diverse and range in age from children to seniors.
Clients are customers.
Clients are definitely part of our group.
Clients are different machine.
Clients are directly responsible for payment of fees that are incurred.
Clients are diverse peoples with histories.
Clients are eager to learn about their new communities.
Clients are either architects or owners.
Clients are either elderly or mentally or physically handicapped and unable to care for themselves.
Clients are eligible without regard to income.
Clients are encourage to challenge their automatic thinking such as irrational thoughts.
Clients are encouraged to seek legal and tax counsel in the jurisdiction wherein they reside.
Clients are end users receiving and sending data via the usual Web browser.
Clients are especially sensitive to the quality of service for rush orders.
Clients are essentially the first layer of information in the database, with contacts the second.
Clients are exclusively schools, including public schools as well as universities.
Clients are family.
Clients are fat.
Clients are fickle folks, especially big clients.
Clients are fickle.
Clients are financial institutions, companies and individuals.
Clients are free .
Clients are free to choose where they dine outon the remaining nights.
Clients are free to connect and disconnect at random.
Clients are free to obtain covered services without the worry of fees.
Clients are free to peer into the kitchen and whiff the aromas of the dishes being prepared.
Clients are free to take notes or record the visit as it progresses.
Clients are frequently late, only to arrive and be further delayed in order to leave a urine test.
Clients are frequently surprised when given their first assignment in preparing the case.
Clients are from diverse ethnic backgrounds, some lesbian women.
Clients are from various industries, and different levels of retention.
Clients are full partners in decisions regarding their rehabilitation services.
Clients are fully responsible for monitoring the activity in their accounts.
Clients are fun and rewarding to work with.
Clients are genealogists who have had their ancestral town photographed.
Clients are generally happiest when disputes are resolved sooner than later.
Clients are generally intelligent about the negative effects an issue is having on their business.
Clients are generally more wary.
Clients are generally much more complex than textbook case studies.
Clients are generally willing to pay if the services provided are of good quality.
Clients are grumpy.
Clients are guaranteed confidentiality.
Clients are happy because they have a farrier they can rely on.
Clients are happy to attest to the fact the system is easy to use and quick to set up.
Clients are happy.
Clients are highly motivated and delightful to work with.
Clients are hip to instant gratification.
Clients are homeless or at risk of homelessness.
Clients are idiosyncratic individuals, looking to feel understood, affirmed, normal yet special.
Clients are impressed.
Clients are in a bigger hurry now.
Clients are in a vulnerable position.
Clients are in business to make money, among other things.
Clients are in complete control of the hypnotherapeutic process at all times.
Clients are in control of their financial data at all times.
Clients are in full control of their ads through our on-line management system.
Clients are in java.
Clients are in New Zealand, Australia, the UK, Ireland, the United States, Singapore, and Norway.
Clients are in the manufacturing, distribution and services industries.
Clients are in the private and public sector across Canada and internationally.
Clients are in the process of transferring to other agencies.
Clients are in the program from six to twelve months, with an average of eleven months.
Clients are including farmers and grain elevators from Canada and United States.
Clients are increasingly knowledgeable and demanding.
Clients are increasingly respectful and aware of good design.
Clients are individuals, and use substances for differing reasons.
Clients are interested in accessing our information.
Clients are interested in finding the lowest price.
Clients are interested in results.
Clients are interior designers, no two projects are ever the same.
Clients are irreducible wholes in continuous process with the environment.
Clients are large international companies as well as small and medium regional enterprises.
Clients are large-budget highly profiled feature films.
Clients are largely municipalities, state agencies and industries.
Clients are law firms or corporations.
Clients are less interested in buying man-hours and more interested in buying results.
Clients are less interested in independence and more interested in cost-effective services.
Clients are like lovers.
Clients are likely to get into another bad situation.
Clients are likely to reject estimates with unrealistic or excessive caveats.
Clients are limited to four items.
Clients are local PCs or workstations on which users run their programs.
Clients are located in offices.
Clients are located throughout the U.S., so national travel is required.
Clients are low-income women, infants, children and elderly with nutrition risk.
Clients are machines which access the Internet on a part time basis.
Clients are mainly designers, facility managers and architects.
Clients are mainly multi-nationals with the firm offering a full range of legal services.
Clients are mainly women, adolescents and families, many with eating disorders.
Clients are male and female ranging in age from infancy to the geriatric population.
Clients are masquerade.
Clients are members of government, business, foundations and the nonprofit community.
Clients are more eager and willing to pay before the work is done than after the work is done.
Clients are more satisfied.
Clients are more selective and demanding.
Clients are more sensitive than ever to internal inefficiencies.
Clients are more sophisticated today.
Clients are mostly UK public and private companies, and local and public authorities.
Clients are much more apt to purchase a data acquisition system with name-brand software.
Clients are much more complex than textbook case studies.
Clients are much more okay with it than lawyers at the firm.
Clients are multinationals and agencies.
Clients are national and international.
Clients are naturally defensive around salespeople.
Clients are never human.
Clients are never part of the software testing process.
Clients are no longer in violation of environmental regulations.
Clients are no longer willing to assume a passive role in the lawyer-client relationship.
Clients are now interested in adding fat to fill the flavor profile of the product.
Clients are number of visitors, including multiple visits by one person.
Clients are of all ages, and there are approx.
Clients are of every ethnicity, both female and male, elderly and young, sick and well.
Clients are of key importance to our projects.
Clients are often ambivalent about giving up their symptoms.
Clients are often eligible for more than one income support program.
Clients are often frightened and nervous.
Clients are often interested in the most frequently prescribed drugs.
Clients are often pretty creative in utilizing the immediate environment in their sculpture.
Clients are often reluctant or embarrassed to discuss fees with their attorney.
Clients are often reluctant or embarrassed to discuss fees with their lawyer.
Clients are often reluctant or embarrassed to discuss fees with their lawyers.
Clients are often satisfied if they can get a payment schedule that they can handle.
Clients are often skeptical of hourly billings.
Clients are often so pleased that they e-mail with enthusiastic comments.
Clients are often surprised at exactly who they designated as beneficiaries, and in what amounts.
Clients are often too busy to go to the clinic for a medical examination.
Clients are often unsure of what they want.
Clients are old, sick, and often lonely people.
Clients are our focus.
Clients are our guests.
Clients are our lifeblood.
Clients are our partners.
Clients are our top priority.
Clients are outraged.
Clients are over Taiwan, Mainland China, Japan, South-East Asia, Saudi Arabia, and Egypt.
Clients are PCs or workstations on which users run applications .
Clients are PCs or workstations on which users run applications.
Clients are people seeking protection from an abusive domestic situation.
Clients are people too.
Clients are people who have a choice to withdraw from the relationship.
Clients are people, and the customer is always right.
Clients are people.
Clients are personal computers or workstations on which users run applications.
Clients are pleased with the abracadabra approach .
Clients are pleased with the simplicity, authenticity, quality and purity of the product.
Clients are predominantly preschool children, with a small proportion of adult clients.
Clients are primarily small businesses.
Clients are primary actors in the labour market - but there are other significant actors.
Clients are programs that connect to a server.
Clients are programs that connect to MUDs allowing players access.
Clients are programs that request information from servers on the Internet.
Clients are relaxed and able to hear everything that is said during hypnosis.
Clients are researchers, students and others interested in the material on offer.
Clients are responsible at all times for the safety and behaviour of their children.
Clients are responsible for all activity through their Internet connection.
Clients are responsible for all balances due.
Clients are responsible for all expenses incurred on their behalf.
Clients are responsible for all fees from commercial vendors.
Clients are responsible for any costs for materials.
Clients are responsible for any excess baggage on the return flight.
Clients are responsible for applicable filing fees and other court costs.
Clients are responsible for backing up data on their servers with their own tape or disk systems.
Clients are responsible for creating their own backup copy of all the website files.
Clients are responsible for damage to audiovisual media.
Clients are responsible for filing their own insurance claims.
Clients are responsible for insuring their own property whilst using the cottage.
Clients are responsible for making all arrangements with florist, photographers, musicians, etc.
Clients are responsible for making pickup arrangements from the loading dock area or the front door.
Clients are responsible for obtaining their own Internet access.
Clients are responsible for obtaining their own passports, visas, and immunizations.
Clients are responsible for own growth, but dietitian can facilitate learning.
Clients are responsible for paying out of pocket expenses.
Clients are responsible for payment at the time of each session unless other arrangements are made.
Clients are responsible for payment of groceries.
Clients are responsible for phoning costs.
Clients are responsible for proofreading their web site.
Clients are responsible for providing their own internal networking hardware.
Clients are responsible for providing their own Internet connection.
Clients are responsible for providing their own personal items in such circumstances.
Clients are responsible for publication.
Clients are responsible for related expenses.
Clients are responsible for spare equipment.
Clients are responsible for supplying their own wheelchairs.
Clients are responsible for the conduct of their visitors.
Clients are responsible for the consistence of their recovery program.
Clients are responsible for the contents and actions of their accounts.
Clients are responsible for the safe return of library materials.
Clients are responsible for the use and ordinary maintenance of the vehicle.
Clients are responsible for their development and participation in the treatment process.
Clients are responsible for their own lodging, meals, and personal equipment.
Clients are responsible for their own meals and lodging.
Clients are responsible for their own room and board.
Clients are responsible for their own security deposit.
Clients are responsible for their own travel and per diem costs.
Clients are responsible for their own unpaid medical bills.
Clients are responsible for their progress.
Clients are responsible to absorb all dining costs.
Clients are right to be wary.
Clients are rightly concerned that a large amount of pattern or color can make a room uncomfortable.
Clients are satisfied customers and references.
Clients are savvy consumers.
Clients are significantly different than in prior years.
Clients are sincere about wanting to take charge of their finances.
Clients are so stupid.
Clients are solely responsible for the accuracy and approval of their advertisements.
Clients are solely responsible for their account transactions.
Clients are sophisticated and they know who they want to use.
Clients are sovereign.
Clients are still Lotus Notes clients.
Clients are still slow on the uptake in accepting the Internet as a new medium for communication.
Clients are still unwilling to pay for world-class design work on the Internet.
Clients are stressful in their own way.
Clients are the application programs that make requests of the display server.
Clients are the basis of any great business, especially in a service industry.
Clients are the computers that request and download information from a server.
Clients are the cornerstone of our success.
Clients are the driving force of our business and are treated with respect.
Clients are the experts on their own lives and can make the best decisions.
Clients are the first line of support for their customers.
Clients are the focal point of our spectrum of services.
Clients are the foundation of our business.
Clients are the major British nuclear licensed site operators and their regulators.
Clients are the most important .
Clients are the most important part of a successful business.
Clients are the people submitting tickets.
Clients are the people who are located at remote sites.
Clients are the programs on users' computers like Netscape and Lynx.
Clients are the purpose for our work.
Clients are then better prepared to understand what their therapists or counselors mean.
Clients are tired of being dragged round from department to department.
Clients are to be backed up weekly.
Clients are to be free of communicable disease or unusual health problems.
Clients are to be 'respected as persons'.
Clients are to confirm with reception the previous night when they book in to their accommodation.
Clients are typically community-based organizations or small businesses.
Clients are typically desktop or laptop computers.
Clients are typically homeowners who want to maximize the storage available in their homes.
Clients are typically intelligent, gainfully employed people with active social lives.
Clients are unaware of the location of server software components or their implementation details.
Clients are under no purchasing obligation .
Clients are unemployed or have a history of being sporadically employed.
Clients are unhappy with their lawyers, with the system, and with the outcomes of the process.
Clients are user programs such as text editors, clocks and calculators.
Clients are usually self, school or court referred.
Clients are usually the best judges of the value of the counseling they receive.
Clients are usually too close to their problems to see solutions clearly enough.
Clients are usually well informed about the risks and benefits of taking on increased debt.
Clients are very demanding.
Clients are weekly, monthly, or semi-or annual renters.
Clients are welcome and encouraged to submit and receive data electronically.
Clients are welcome as well.
Clients are welcome from any location as the practice of tax law is national.
Clients are welcome to bring along their own tackle if they wish.
Clients are welcome to bring in their own engineer, but the rates remain the same.
Clients are welcome to bring music, poetry, etc.
Clients are welcome to bring their own engineers and producers in at their option.
Clients are welcome to enjoy the offer of Czech and Spanish specialties.
Clients are welcome to include members of their family or their community in the therapy.
Clients are welcome to inspect homes under construction in the factory for their own satisfaction.
Clients are welcome to request custom designed web sites and suggest layout formats.
Clients are welcome to sit-in on edit sessions.
Clients are welcome to tour our locations.
Clients are welcome to use our interviewing rooms to interview our applicants and consultants.
Clients are welcome to use the craft room and the weaving room.
Clients are welcome to visit in person and experience our friendly and professional service.
Clients are welcome, of course, to hire their own catering firm.
Clients are well aware of our ability to meet deadlines, regardless of the task assigned.
Clients are wise to seek professional services when they are formulating the concept for their work.
Clients are worldwide and include the leading shipbuilders and system manufacturers.
Clients are, however, free to negotiate their own rates if they prefer.
Clients are, in general, devices such as set top boxes that consume multi-media content.
Clients arriving earlier can wait for the first transfer or take a taxi to the hotel.
Clients ask first of all for information about the legal consequences of drug use.
Clients ask for it.
Clients assume all responsibility for their data.
Clients assume excellence in their lawyers.
Clients assume responsibility for permission to use copyrighted material.
Clients attach to a central server and define the arrays they wish to share.
Clients attempt to move their arm with whatever muscles are available.
Clients attend all therapeutic groups and activities offered on the general psychiatric module.
Clients attend appointments on a weekly basis with flexible scheduling.
Clients attend classes or workshops to learn skills to become more independent.
Clients attend day treatment and return home after daily activities.
Clients attend for longer periods each day, but for fewer weeks.
Clients attend on a weekly basis as needed.
Clients attend the program and buildup peer support as they work on common goals.
Clients attend weekly support groups and individual counseling sessions.
Clients attending oral arguments are often surprised at how scholarly and polite they are.
Clients automatically receive support of varying lengths on hardware and software.
Clients autoris s seulement.
Clients average five times through rehabilitation centers before they fully respond.
Clients balk on paying the full bill.
Clients based in other countries can pay online as well.
Clients become aware of new services and devices as they are added to the federation.
Clients become part of the 'vybe experience' and they love it.
Clients become simple.
Clients become warriors on a battlefield.
Clients begin to work on self-management skills, the prerequisites for any transition.
Clients belong to different ELANs.
Clients Below is a list of links to just a few of our clients' sites.
Clients Below is a list of some of our publications concerning the technical aspects of our work.
Clients Below is a partial list of clients that have utilized our custom software expertise.
Clients Below is a partial list of our clients.
Clients Below is a small list of some of our clients.
Clients benefit again.
Clients benefit by having a pool of qualified candidates from which to select.
Clients benefit by measuring a program's effectiveness before they make a large investment in it.
Clients benefit from a dedication to quality backed by extensive training and top-flight technology.
Clients benefit from a large pool of experts in a variety of specialized areas.
Clients benefit from a mix of group and individual therapy.
Clients benefit from direct contact with the principals.
Clients benefit from moxabustion especially if they self administer it on a daily basis.
Clients benefit from multiple resources.
Clients benefit from our comprehensive range of primary and specialized services.
Clients benefit from our depth of understanding, expertise, and timely response.
Clients benefit from our exceptionally low employee turnover rate.
Clients benefit from our experience with practical advice and tested results.
Clients benefit from our in-depth experience and knowledge of the finance world.
Clients benefit from our investigation and security recommendations.
Clients benefit from our lateral approach to problems and our simple, appropriate use of technology.
Clients benefit from our market profile, leadership and specialist expertise.
Clients benefit from our regulated status and our trading software.
Clients benefit from our unique approach to public relations.
Clients benefit from planning assistance coordinated by a single, skilled planner.
Clients benefit from prompt attention to their legal matters as well as aggressive service.
Clients benefit from the comparatively small institutional overhead costs of the Consortium.
Clients benefit from the creative design skills of our Advertising parent.
Clients benefit from the firm's expertise in estate planning, elder law taxation and probate.
Clients benefit from the insight, cost savings and time efficiencies.
Clients benefit from the introduction of tested processes and subsequent savings.
Clients benefit from the partners' years of experience to avoid pitfalls and break through barriers.
Clients benefit from the relationships our analysts have with major purchasing entities.
Clients benefit handsomely from such partnerships.
Clients benefit when their messages reach a highly desirable audience.
Clients bid on key words to place high on our searches.
Clients borrow, invest in their activities, repay their loans, and borrow again.
Clients brag about getting the best inkings.
Clients bring a host of issues.
Clients bring an agenda or items to the call.
Clients bring pictures of their garden and detailed questions.
Clients bring their own fishing gear.
Clients browse the online store, using a robust search engine.
Clients buy mutual funds because of marketing.
Clients buy security services because they want to deter threats and reduce risk.
Clients buy tires over the internet by paying with a credit card or make payments through the mail.
Clients cache previous queries and their results for future reference.
Clients call a lot.
Clients call a particular legal aid office and are screened for eligibility.
Clients call a remote procedure and pass parameters to it.
Clients call attorneys directly to make an appointment.
Clients call daily or more often, then a law of nature takes over.
Clients call from all over the world to book time for their visits to New York.
Clients call in and make appointments for the transit service.
Clients call lawyers when they have a problem.
Clients call to see how their work is progressing.
Clients call with their questions instead of saving the surprises for next year's appointment.
Clients can access a secure Internet site to view account activity and balances .
Clients can access a server's cache at about the same speed as a local disk.
Clients can access a unique combination of physical and financial data for each enterprise type.
Clients can access documents, monitor costs and billing, get online advice, and more.
Clients can access information on a home page.
Clients can access information online.
Clients can access latest research and archives.
Clients can access more than one database simultaneously, from a single client machine.
Clients can access specific pages, but can no longer receive a list of the directory's contents.
Clients can access the applications through the Internet or dedicated communication lines.
Clients can access the charts using one of two methods.
Clients can access the prefetching proxy by the same way as the caching proxy.
Clients can access their file and a twice-daily updated report on the status of their transaction.
Clients can access therapists from the privacy of their homes or from other locations.
Clients can act as both producers and consumers of information within the same session.
Clients can add any number of photos to their Listing, at once or over time.
Clients can add new components to the catalog.
Clients can address requests involving the fairness provisions to any CCRA office.
Clients can also access detailed online profiles of the firms' skills and background.
Clients can also arrange for specialized individual or group training.
Clients can also ask questions for more detailed advice and recommendations.
Clients can also call in anytime and get a status report.
Clients can also change their service online.
Clients can also choose to open up portions of the site to visitors.
Clients can also come to our office to buy our products.
Clients can also conduct metaevaluations.
Clients can also continue to use fax and mail to send their requests.
Clients can also count on fast and efficient processing of their finance application.
Clients can also develop their own reports.
Clients can also download gradebook information for importing into their own HR systems.
Clients can also download the data into their own accounting programs.
Clients can also enter details of their latest vacancies online.
Clients can also get information on how to improve a product.
Clients can also help safeguard their personal information by taking a few simple precautions.
Clients can also identify the sex of an embryo within hours of collection.
Clients can also integrate other video footage into a production.
Clients can also learn about the star agents.
Clients can also manually enter transactions from custodial statements.
Clients can also maximize their exposure and product line with a banner ad.
Clients can also negotiate for the way in which the fee is paid.
Clients can also opt to download all new content.
Clients can also order brochures that contain business tips or general company information.
Clients can also order our software installation service at an attractive fee.
Clients can also paddle a canoe along the river banks near by.
Clients can also post assignments, and field inquiries from interested consultants.
Clients can also purchase a grocery shopping tour to learn how to understand food labels.
Clients can also query the status and characteristics of physical volumes.
Clients can also receive counseling on social service programs or follow-up medical assistance.
Clients can also receive daily and monthly reports via Internet or by file transmission.
Clients can also receive food supplements, skills training and participate in support programs.
Clients can also replace a sent message with another substitute e-mail message.
Clients can also report excellence in the field of resume writing and career development.
Clients can also request training for their buyers.
Clients can also search for reports by keyword or browse by theme topic.
Clients can also self-refer.
Clients can also send pictures of wounds for evaluation and treatment changes.
Clients can also supply decks that can be quickly hooked up.
Clients can also take advantage of their extensive leisure facilities, including swimming pool.
Clients can also update their firmware at boot time automatically.
Clients can also use a driving range and mini golf facilities too.
Clients can also use an e-mail list to discuss the software.
Clients can also use computers, a copy machine and a phone free of charge.
Clients can also use our services with their own roster of experts.
Clients can always request a look at the previous evaluations if they are interested.
Clients can always reveal information to their families.
Clients can and do lose money trading stocks, options, and futures.
Clients can appeal to the courts in matters of dispute.
Clients can apply on-line and receive a quick credit response.
Clients can appreciate our award winning edit system.
Clients can archive information for later playback.
Clients can arrange for onsite training at the client's site.
Clients can arrange to have employees take the certification exam on the Internet.
Clients can arrange to receive language instruction in their home or office.
Clients can ask for other information besides demographic details.
Clients can attach to the distribution point until the connection limit is reached.
Clients can attend classes on a part time basis also.
Clients can attend on a regular basis.
Clients can attend sessions.
Clients can attend up to five hours a day, five days a week.
Clients can attend virtual training sessions right from their desks on a range of in-depth topics.
Clients can authenticate servers thrugh a certificate authority.
Clients can avoid costly mistakes by catching design flaws at the virtual prototyping stage.
Clients can avoid serious problems by dealing with situations in advance.
Clients can bank on our stability.
Clients can be as busy or relaxed as they wish.
Clients can be confident that advice is objective and impartial.
Clients can be corporates or private individuals.
Clients can be difficult to manage.
Clients can be emotional and confrontational.
Clients can be from the same department, another department, or the general public.
Clients can be graphical or text-based.
Clients can be in residential on business settings.
Clients can be individual users, departments, host computers, or applications.
Clients can be individuals across the life span, families, aggregates, communities or populations.
Clients can be individuals across the lifespan, families, aggregates, communities and populations.
Clients can be inside or outside of the enterprise firewall.
Clients can be inside or outside the corporate firewall.
Clients can be internal or external.
Clients can be of any age.
Clients can be on all operating systems.
Clients can be setup to log-on automatically during system startup.
Clients can begin making decisions right from the desktop.
Clients can benefit from observing communication and interaction of the mediators . . .
Clients can benefit from tax-efficient investment and competitive rates of currency exchange.
Clients can book part of a route or combine routes for a longer trip.
Clients can bring own climbing stands.
Clients can browse through and select from the facility diagrams on the web.
Clients can build new collections be referencing existing resources.
Clients can buy access by card, check or telephone.
Clients can buy four separate regions or the whole state.
Clients can cache server data into their own disk units if data are part of their operational space.
Clients can camp on the ranch or stay in nearby motels.
Clients can cancel service any time.
Clients can change their investment strategy by switching subfunds.
Clients can change their minds via the removeStampDispenser method.
Clients can check information online instantly, reducing staff time required for routine calls.
Clients can check server for altered parameters and updated virus definitions only on start-up.
Clients can choose a single payment, if they know the exact number of days of coverage they require.
Clients can choose accommodation either in the bungalows or the main building.
Clients can choose any combination of services that best fit their needs.
Clients can choose any one service or a combination of services to meet their needs.
Clients can choose any or all of the site's offerings.
Clients can choose between a browser and windows-based service.
Clients can choose from a broad menu of services, from a full-blown system to consulting.
Clients can choose from a comprehensive package of tailor-made travel management reports.
Clients can choose from a contract course or an open enrollment course option.
Clients can choose from a list of one or more mirror locations from which to download data.
Clients can choose from a selection of baklava pastries for dessert.
Clients can choose from a variety of delivery formats, projections, and datums.
Clients can choose from a vast array of menus and catering styles.
Clients can choose from a wide array of services to effectively meet the desired goals of the site.
Clients can choose from a wide spectrum of administration routes.
Clients can choose from concepts and designs to finished packages.
Clients can choose from day or overnight packages.
Clients can choose from individual lessons, blocks of lessons or residential training programs.
Clients can choose from menu selections predesigned by the chef or create their own.
Clients can choose from over ten brands of hearing aids.
Clients can choose the level of risk they are willing to be exposed to in there environment.
Clients can choose the service option that best suits their needs.
Clients can choose the traditional route.
Clients can choose their donor from a wide selection of applicants.
Clients can choose to adopt our recommendations or specify their own requirements.
Clients can choose to be billed on hourly, daily, project, or retainer basis.
Clients can choose to download only the data that has changed since the last time it checked.
Clients can choose to have their records imaged onto CD-ROM or optical platter.
Clients can choose to participate in the advertising program for an additional fee.
Clients can choose to talk about a wide range of concerns.
Clients can choose to use just one of the PR and marketing components offered or a complete package.
Clients can choose to use some or all of the services of the group.
Clients can choose whether and when to have that information forwarded.
Clients can combine multiple accounts to reach the portfolio minimum.
Clients can compare data for their community with provincial and national data.
Clients can connect and allow users to play the Monopoly boardgame with other users of the network.
Clients can connect to associated servers.
Clients can connect to other services fine.
Clients can consult with the advocate and be referred for counseling of other services as needed.
Clients can consult with the artists by phone, email, or in person.
Clients can contact their home churches.
Clients can contact their insurance carriers .
Clients can continue to receive services as long as they are eligible.
Clients can control the amount of stimulation.
Clients can copy the icons with gimpicons .
Clients can create and modify their own customized reports.
Clients can customize everything from floor plans to carpentry to lighting design.
Clients can customize raw data in any number of ways for their own collection management needs.
Clients can cut and paste from the electronic documents on-screen to create their own commitments.
Clients can deal at a fixed charge per bargain at live prices delivered on line.
Clients can deal at live prices delivered on line.
Clients can define their own policies.
Clients can delete, save or print resumes.
Clients can dial, disconnect, communicate and run programs on server.
Clients can do a turnkey deal that can include everything from start to finish.
Clients can do the computer interview themselves.
Clients can download applications from the Web site.
Clients can download the full report and view the press conference.
Clients can download their data through our secure encrypted site, in their record format.
Clients can easily point and click to update any part of their custom-designed Website.
Clients can easily publish sites and applications without requiring technical support.
Clients can easily report an issue or suggest trading platform enhancements from our web site.
Clients can easily see the in-built delays in management of their portfolios.
Clients can easily select the track they want to listen to, in or out of session.
Clients can easily terminate at the end of any quarterly billing period.
Clients can edit their submission through an easy to use interface.
Clients can either fax, phone, or use our new remote entry software.
Clients can either search for a VA with a specific skill or by County if a local VA is preferred.
Clients can elect to have all embryos frozen.
Clients can email a question to the agency and get a reply from the agency staff member.
Clients can enforce the addition of a decryption key for all outgoing messages.
Clients can enjoy a lower cost and stable platform from now on.
Clients can enjoy a night of dancing or a mainstage act.
Clients can enter a password protected area to access their accounts.
Clients can enter a program either voluntarily or mandatorily.
Clients can enter data into the system in a variety of ways.
Clients can enter the administrator or game password from the player selection menu.
Clients can establish a default maximum cost which applies to all orders.
Clients can even choose to have a duplicate copy of their test results sent by email.
Clients can even choose to pay by credit card.
Clients can even edit images on-screen during the photo shoot, thus eliminating reshoots.
Clients can even lease a site from the company with no minimum monthly obligations.
Clients can even request specific file in that specific directory.
Clients can even view the results in real time.
Clients can execute orders to buy and sell shares online in a live environment.
Clients can expect a quick turn-around which is often necessary for bids and deadlines.
Clients can expect a recruiting solution.
Clients can expect better attention as a big fish in a smaller pond.
Clients can expect clear communication and perceptive advice throughout the process.
Clients can expect competent, prompt, and efficient handling of their cases.
Clients can expect comprehensive and timely reports that contain detailed and accurate information.
Clients can expect expertise and professionalism.
Clients can expect high quality and cost-effective representation for legal issues they face.
Clients can expect results through the firm's experience, integrity and teamwork.
Clients can expect to have full investigations of their pets' problems.
Clients can expect to learn exactly how to end their addiction for good.
Clients can expect to meet weekly with a therapist.
Clients can expect to take home information and skills which are useful in daily life.
Clients can experience a facial, manicure or pedicure.
Clients can express and explore themselves by sharing what they do online.
Clients can express their interest in an event by subscribing to it.
Clients can feel confident that they are dealing with well trained, experienced professionals.
Clients can fill out applications for auto, homeowners and mobile home coverage.
Clients can filter the raw view of the tree as a control view or a content view.
Clients can find themselves lovingly wrapped in citrus sea salts, mud, and clay.
Clients can fire off questions via e-mail day or night.
Clients can float to any location and vary in connection types.
Clients can fluctuate between free and paid users.
Clients can focus on the industry issues they want to address.
Clients can form their own decisions as they manage their own investment portfolios.
Clients can forward their email to another address, to a pager, or to a cell phone.
Clients can gain access to volumes, files, and printers on the server.
Clients can gamedrive, walk, and camel ride through herds of animals.
Clients can get a list of all current chat rooms in existence.
Clients can get a list of all users in a particular chat room.
Clients can get a press and curl, perms, braids, weaves, curls, manicures, pedicures and facials.
Clients can get help with resettlement services such as integration and financial assistance.
Clients can get useful information from the Internet easily.
Clients can get very excited when they see really good work.
Clients can give insight to the capabilities of the laboratory.
Clients can grant permission for other clients on the network to view their calendars.
Clients can harness our unique technologies to provide superior online imaging solutions.
Clients can have a paper written on any subject.
Clients can have any topic presented in a length of time required to meet their needs.
Clients can have as much bandwidth as they are willing to pay for.
Clients can have direct access to the server database.
Clients can have either a paragraph with a graphic and an E-mail link or with a link to a page.
Clients can have hot lists of their friends.
Clients can have maximum workforce flexibility with minimum staff management responsibilities.
Clients can have more than one digital certificate installed on their system.
Clients can honeymoon wherever they wish.
Clients can however reduce the cover if they wish at a future time.
Clients can ignore the differences between compositions of object and individual objects.
Clients can include both individuals who are alive, as well as the estate of certain individuals.
Clients can include commercial companies as well as non-profit organizations.
Clients can instantly retrieve any document image via the internet.
Clients can instantly verify the authenticity of the transcript and the signer.
Clients can invoke methods on objects living in any process, on any machine.
Clients can join anytime, with membership effective one year from the date of enrollment.
Clients can join at any time, with membership effective for one year from the date of enrollment.
Clients can join or leave a collaboratory session at any time.
Clients can learn about other routers by receiving redirect messages from their own server.
Clients can learn about the new triangular and tetrahedral meshing and the grid quality diagnostics.
Clients can learn from the mistakes of others.
Clients can learn more about their customers and prospective customers.
Clients can learn the art of competing in both hunter and jumper divisions.
Clients can lease buildings, office space, warehouses and berthage.
Clients can leave comments about their experiences.
Clients can listen to and view live and archived meetings.
Clients can literally sign a lease today and move in tomorrow.
Clients can locate most local servers.
Clients can log in and monitor that project.
Clients can log in and order products, view pricing, and more.
Clients can log in to see special research information.
Clients can log on and find potential partners free of charge.
Clients can log on one of six personal computers to surf the net for a nominal fee.
Clients can logon for personalized information.
Clients can maintain an unlimited number of mailing lists with all common functions.
Clients can maintain their own web sites via ftp.
Clients can maintain their work schedule while attending the program.
Clients can make direct deposits of any amount from their checking accounts by electronic transfer.
Clients can make their choice on streetcorners and in bars.
Clients can manage which pages have which usernames and passwords using the control panel.
Clients can meet, eat, make phone calls, or just take a break without skipping a beat.
Clients can mix and match their investments as they like.
Clients can monitor on or off site.
Clients can more readily grasp complex situations when they are presented with graphic images.
Clients can now fill prescriptions at any participating pharmacy statewide.
Clients can now look forward to easier communications with their logistics partners.
Clients can now order IT services through our contract no.
Clients can now perform online audits of their accounts.
Clients can now receive hot nutritious meals, groceries and nutrition education all under one roof.
Clients can now request and receive data that is tagged with language information.
Clients can now request statistical consulting services via the web.
Clients can obtain information about services, referrals, and prevention supplies.
Clients can obtain necessary training for a variety of jobs or enroll in college.
Clients can obtain online real-time information about their shipments.
Clients can obtain the detailed information from their usual commercial or support contacts.
Clients can obtain their information faster, preview details of the bill and arrange for payments.
Clients can of course book a full day.
Clients can offer a valuable reality check.
Clients can offer web email through domains on their servers.
Clients can only obtain one copy of the research results for personnal use only.
Clients can only replicate with a server.
Clients can opt out if they prefer.
Clients can optionally have the images of invoices printed with their bills.
Clients can optionally vote for any configuration that the admin makes available.
Clients can order a limited company online or check a business name.
Clients can order and receive copies of articles directly from their Internet working places.
Clients can order drawers that keep the raw materials for dinner cold right under the workspace.
Clients can order every necessity from woks to fax machines.
Clients can organize their tax information on the Internet.
Clients can outsource completely or implement on their own network.
Clients can participate in most activities of daily living.
Clients can participate in the project to a lesser degree, freeing up time for other work.
Clients can participate in virtual classrooms.
Clients can pay for services at that time by providing a credit card number over the phone.
Clients can pay session fees with cash, check or credit card.
Clients can perform all the same operations which are available locally.
Clients can perform simulated tasks and walk-through a proposed facility or site.
Clients can phone the laboratory for supplies required.
Clients can pick and choose what they want.
Clients can pick and choose which services they require.
Clients can pick up and leave messages without operator assistance.
Clients can place an emergency repair order or order new service be turned on.
Clients can place an order from the hidden page by clicking the headline.
Clients can point, click and learn without IT involvement.
Clients can post a free, online request for proposals, reaching testing firms all over the country.
Clients can post jobs, search resumes and run banner advertising.
Clients can post their job openings or resumes in on-line databases.
Clients can practice matching target utterances more than once.
Clients can practice putting a condom on a model penis, a stick, or a banana.
Clients can preview different versions of color and light prior to printing.
Clients can process what they learned from the experience immediately within the counseling session.
Clients can prove identity to a server.
Clients can purchase a suit off the rack or have one custom made to fit their body type.
Clients can purchase components, software, or a complete turn-key system.
Clients can purchase products occasionally, quarterly, or monthly.
Clients can purchase their insurance and financial products from someone local that they can trust.
Clients can put an object in the slot or they can get it from the slot.
Clients can qualify for free legal help by meeting minimum income standards.
Clients can query, add new entries or modify existing entries in the database.
Clients can quickly and easily search the archives online.
Clients can receive access to a client-secure Web site where findings and raw data are posted.
Clients can receive an approximately one week supply of groceries once every three months.
Clients can receive detox and residential services in non-DUI programs.
Clients can receive family history information conveniently over the web.
Clients can receive more than one type of service.
Clients can receive multiple units of service.
Clients can receive reports of the major developments and events on a regular basis.
Clients can receive separate invoices for each matter.
Clients can receive the newsletter through a link at the law firm's Website.
Clients can reduce the damage they do if they are an LPB, for example.
Clients can register to receive information on specific categories.
Clients can rely on our commitment to quality services, reasonable cost, and professionalism.
Clients can rely on our expertise for every project phase from design through construction.
Clients can rely on the Firm's honest assessment of each and every matter.
Clients can rely on their solicitors, therefore, to giveobjective and confidential advice.
Clients can rent the application rather than incur a high initial capital expenditure.
Clients can request changes and upgrades anytime to customize hosting to their needs.
Clients can request information for each condominium project listed.
Clients can request information on cruises, vacations, railpasses and tours using forms and email.
Clients can request quotes, enter fx orders and receive instantaneous confirmations online.
Clients can request specific answers to detailed questions about potential partners abroad.
Clients can require recruiting for on-line groups to be as careful as it is with traditional groups.
Clients can reset their password at anytime by visiting the web site.
Clients can restart restore sessions that have been interrupted.
Clients can restore files at their convenience.
Clients can restore files to a specific point in time if incremental backups have been performed.
Clients can retrieve and update only their own account information.
Clients can retrieve multimedia objects from the server for real-time playback.
Clients can retrieve statement data on a daily basis if they wish.
Clients can retrieve transactions and balances on a daily basis if they wish.
Clients can review and print their account statements at any time.
Clients can review drafted graphics and pages in our protected developmental server.
Clients can review the email responses and refine follow-up questions before they are submitted.
Clients can review the questionnaire and receive data via modem access.
Clients can run on any machine, and connect to the server via a socket.
Clients can schedule a meeting and create a new appointment, anniversary, reminder or event.
Clients can schedule a service appointment at the web site.
Clients can schedule appointments through their case managers to discuss their legal concerns.
Clients can search for a debtor by name, phone number, address, or fax number.
Clients can search for candidates according to their requirements.
Clients can search information by analyst, country, date or industry.
Clients can search resumes.
Clients can see and compare the performance of all their stocks at a glance.
Clients can see and feel the difference.
Clients can see our processes and any discrete roles clearly laid out - the first time, every time.
Clients can see their landscaped garden completed before any works are undertaken.
Clients can see their sign in place before it is ever built.
Clients can see what jobs are in demand, what skills employers want, and how to prepare.
Clients can see what s appropriate to wear for the workplace.
Clients can select and hire their own providers.
Clients can select fabric from online samples.
Clients can select from a range of specific presentation or communication styles.
Clients can select from a variety of in-house services .
Clients can select from a variety of our services.
Clients can select from manages funds or construct a custom portfolio.
Clients can send and receive e-mail.
Clients can send and receive synchronization events.
Clients can send electronic mail when they choose.
Clients can send memos to other clients on the network after they have registered a nickname.
Clients can send messages to a Topic and receive messages from a Topic.
Clients can send messages to servers and get responses.
Clients can send rich text now, without causing problems for any existing clients or servers.
Clients can sense when counselors are presenting themselves in incongruent ways.
Clients can set a specific number of hours or cost ceiling.
Clients can setup their own DNS servers on their machine if they wish.
Clients can share files and retrieve data stored on the server.
Clients can shift money away from nonproducing sites without waiting for monthly reports.
Clients can sign up for membership, search for answers themselves or ask a support executive.
Clients can sign up here and amend their site or shipping details.
Clients can simply access their information over the Internet.
Clients can smell boilerplate management sections a mile away.
Clients can sometimes be very stressful to deal with.
Clients can specify all background information to be included on the map.
Clients can specify any scale, band combination, print size or layout.
Clients can specify benchmarks for individual accounts .
Clients can specify that only one database be searched.
Clients can specify their preferred choice in hostess hair and skin colour.
Clients can specify theme and style.
Clients can spend months yapping about moving pixels.
Clients can start a course and just drop in whenever they want to work on the course material.
Clients can start the check-in call with a list of wins accomplished since the last call.
Clients can start their investment accounts with no initial deposit.
Clients can stay a night or two on board in order to venture out further.
Clients can stay in the program for as long as necessary to complete the three phases.
Clients can still use the center's job database and learn how to build a resume, among other things.
Clients can stock items, change prices, track sales and perform other retail tasks.
Clients can store and retrieve properties associated with windows.
Clients can store the state of their objects explicitly as well.
Clients can submit an absentee bid or bid by telephone.
Clients can submit an appraisal request by fax or via the internet.
Clients can submit proxy certifiates to the repository for a pre-specified time period.
Clients can submit their request via the Web, email, fax or in person.
Clients can submit trade inquiries to one or multiple dealers requesting a firm level.
Clients can subscribe to distant clients for regularly sent data messages.
Clients can tailor reports to their own geography.
Clients can take advantage of customized service to fit their unique needs at any level.
Clients can take advantage of new server capabilities.
Clients can take advantage of one of the most popular site design programs for no additional fee.
Clients can take advantage of our knowledge and expertise through short-term consulting contracts.
Clients can take away their work on diskettes.
Clients can take their pick of the themed rooms.
Clients can telephone or write concerning a problem for themselves, a friend, a child or even a pet.
Clients can tell lawyers anything without fear of disclosure.
Clients can then budget effectively for such costs.
Clients can then continue to get services.
Clients can then experience gommage, a gentle full-body exfoliation.
Clients can then find out what impact an event had on their applications and performance criteria.
Clients can then infer that the SA can only handle the restricted subset.
Clients can then justify their practices to consumers.
Clients can then look up remote objects and make remote method invocations.
Clients can then lookup remote objects and make remote method invocations.
Clients can then map the object by interfacing with the virtual dataspace.
Clients can then select products and modify their composition in the purchase orders.
Clients can then use humor outside of treatment to lessen the impact of their distressing emotions.
Clients can then use the voice mailbox to receive messages while they work toward independence.
Clients can thus air and safely integrate feelings that have been long buried and deeply repressed.
Clients can to view the results in a browser window, or deliver the results via email or fax.
Clients can train viewing one display while the clinician looks at another.
Clients can tune in a desired channel and receive multicast updates from it.
Clients can turn to one firm for virtually all of their real estate needs.
Clients can typically shave considerable time off of their schedule by using simulated testing.
Clients can update their button once per week at no extra charge.
Clients can use animation to jazz up their site.
Clients can use custom cards to carry out customer surveys and collect vital business data.
Clients can use gateway addresses to get to servers which are outside their own subnet.
Clients can use many diverse sources of information when searching for a solicitor.
Clients can use non-scheduled flights to travel at their convenience.
Clients can use one, some or all of their services.
Clients can use or modify surveys for a specific research project online.
Clients can use other platforms that are equipped with suitable browsers.
Clients can use our domain name by prepending their own identity to it.
Clients can use that name to identify the computer they're logging into.
Clients can use the built-in database to manipulate and publish data.
Clients can use the equipment at their own pace through independent work.
Clients can use their own name, the name of a family member or one they invent.
Clients can use their trade credits to implement their media plans.
Clients can utilize their trade credits for the planning and creative of their Internet presence.
Clients can view a building accurately, immediately, and in ways that everybody understands.
Clients can view and enlarge the thumbnails on their Macintoshes or PCs.
Clients can view the brochure on line and print it right at their own desk.
Clients can view the catalogue with browser.
Clients can view the group discussion from behind a one-way mirror.
Clients can view the published front panels as either a single snapshot or continuously updated.
Clients can view their print orders online without having to make a trip to the store.
Clients can view their requests and status details at an time by logging into the appliction.
Clients can view their site construction step by step via the internet.
Clients can visit our office and access the Internet or other databases.
Clients can visit the dealing room and see where all the action occurs when currencies fluctuate.
Clients can visit the sites and find out about the current specials.
Clients can wander about themselves and swim in the pools of cool fresh water.
Clients can withdraw from a spend-down and ask to have a new determination made.
Clients can, and do.
Clients can, and typically do, remain quite skeptical.
Clients cancel their appointments all the time for all sorts of ridiculous reasons.
Clients care a lot more about experience than education.
Clients carry day-pack only and walk at their own pace.
Clients carry daypack only and walk at their own pace.
Clients change self-defeating patterns of behavior into successful strategies.
Clients check out hotel and are transported to airport.
Clients check out status of their orders on line for comments or final confirmation.
Clients choose a fee in that range that they can afford.
Clients choose any theme to celebrate their beloved pets unique personality.
Clients choose moderate drinking or abstinence.
Clients choose the delivery option which best meets their privacy needs.
Clients choose the duration of the show ie.
Clients choose the level of control they desire for each component of the facility.
Clients choose their own attorney, insurance and securities providers.
Clients choose their service provider and receive the services in their own home.
Clients choose their therapies.
Clients choose to have designed.
Clients choose to outsource responsibility for an entire project to Forefront.
Clients choose what tasks and what sites to analyze.
Clients choose whether to make their case status available through a secure connection.
Clients choose whom they'd like to correspond with, then pay a small fee for the address.
Clients click here for access to projects under development.
Clients Click Here to find our clients' Sites.
Clients Click on the image to view the Web site.
Clients Click on the thumbnail to visit each site.
Clients click through and hopefully buy the product or service.
Clients collect DHIA somatic-cell counts from the seller s herd.
Clients collect points on the basis of the amount they spend, which they can subsequently redeem.
Clients come and go, but members of the press usually cover their beat for a long, long time.
Clients come and go, but opposing counsel stays around forever.
Clients come and go.
Clients come back six months later and they're worse off than before.
Clients Come First.
Clients come for services for a specific purpose.
Clients come from both the private and public sector.
Clients come from California, Oregon and Alaska.
Clients come from educational institutions, government and industry.
Clients come from government, education, industry and banking.
Clients come from Israel, Palestine, and other regions of the Middle East and abroad.
Clients come from many different ethnic backgrounds.
Clients come from rehabilitation centers, correctional facilities, and homeless shelters.
Clients come from rural communities.
Clients come from surrounding towns and states to benefit from the hot baths and treatments.
Clients come from the IT, media and biotech industries.
Clients come from the university, the public schools, and the community.
Clients come from the villages, the farms, the city, often in an ambulance.
Clients come from throughout the Boston area and present with a range of difficulties.
Clients come from throughout the United States.
Clients come from varied ethnic, educational, occupational, economic, and cultural backgrounds.
Clients come in as many forms as users.
Clients come in because they want a web site.
Clients come in droves, impressed with the results.
Clients come in for hearings on paternity and child support or to lodge complaints with employees.
Clients come in the morning and do some different cardiovascular exercises and a weight workout.
Clients come in two groups every day.
Clients come in with bigger jobs that require higher standards.
Clients come looking for it.
Clients come primarily from the chemical, petroleum, phosphate and utility industries.
Clients come to a law firm for solutions to their problems.
Clients come to court to be assessed and evaluated by the judge.
Clients come to get care and perspective from the United States and Canada.
Clients come to Healing Works in a variety of ways.
Clients come to lawyers because they lack specific knowledge that lawyers possess.
Clients come to lawyers because they want advice about important problems.
Clients come to listed restaurants and they bring their friends.
Clients come to rehabilitation with information in the same areas.
Clients come to the server for their addresses, rather than the administrator going to each client.
Clients come with a wide variety of concerns.
Clients come with individual needs.
Clients commend the quality and value of our mapmaking.
Clients comment favorably when the special strengths of the medium are used well.
Clients commonly ask for one thing, while having in mind another.
Clients commonly use the information to locate witnesses, heirs, litigants, and shareholders.
Clients communicate directly with the web server.
Clients communicate only with the middleware layer without worrying about database issues.
Clients communicate solely with the primary object and have to detect failures themselves.
Clients communicate with each other via multicast communications.
Clients communicate with lpd using a simple transaction oriented protocol.
Clients commute to work.
Clients complain of poor customer service.
Clients complain that lawyers are too cold, inhuman, greedy, and expensive.
Clients complain to support staff, who in turn complain to the production employees.
Clients complete their partial messages or meaning by exploring their own deep communication.
Clients conduct a range of businesses, including vending, manufacturing and services.
Clients conduct their own research and execute their own trades.
Clients connect to a database server, typically using a proprietary library.
Clients connect to care providers and integrate traditional healing into their health care plans.
Clients connect to speech server.
Clients connect to the server using standard protocols available on all clent platforms.
Clients connect to the virtual server, rather than directly to a clustered server.
Clients connect to the virtual servers the same way they connect to a stand-alone server.
Clients consist mainly of emerging technology companies.
Clients consist of small, mixed and large animal practitioners.
Clients consistently face computers with inoperable or significant downtimes.
Clients consistently praise our innovative research reports.
Clients consistently reward Online with repeat business.
Clients construct proxy objects to manage the binding on their behalf.
Clients consult the directory to obtain a reference to specific objects.
Clients consult with the information professional so that their specific requirements are discussed.
Clients contact the original server on first request.
Clients continually receive favorable comments about their cover letter and resume.
Clients continually seek meaning and purpose.
Clients continue to loiter on the street outside of the facility and down the block.
Clients continue to meet with a counselor for as long as necessary.
Clients contract for eight weeks at a time.
Clients contract to use our services on an on-going, retainer basis.
Clients control chat sessions and can choose to request as little or as much information as needed.
Clients control how often they receive results.
Clients control their services using automatic online update and ordering systems.
Clients count the most.
Clients create their own user accounts via another form so no administrative burden is incurred.
Clients create their own windows and know how to resize themselves.
Clients cross international borders to receive healthcare.
Clients currently know how to read groups.
Clients currently testing the software include major media companies and online banks.
Clients ddon't want to pay for research.
Clients deal directly with our investigators.
Clients deal directly with our partners who are commercially aware in their chosen fields.
Clients deal personally with seasoned principals and top officers.
Clients deal with routing problems on their end as well, and they are often juggling dates.
Clients decide to accept touch on their clothes or their skin.
Clients decide what, where, when, and how education and training is delivered.
Clients decide when a site no longer serves their needs.
Clients define a customized, dynamic set of search topics.
Clients deliver content in all kinds of states, from paper to video to disk to a messy combo.
Clients demand a far greater awareness of factors impacting on their affairs generally.
Clients demand a product with technological sophistication that is easy to use.
Clients demand and deserve representation that crosses national boundaries.
Clients demand better value and faster construction.
Clients demand global representation.
Clients demand greater quality with increased speed.
Clients demand it, and courts reward it.
Clients demand it, media planners live for it, media sites promise it, and ad servers measure it.
Clients demand that work be done faster and more accurately.
Clients demonstrate reading, writing, and math skills and complete five take-home projects.
Clients depend on lawyers, sometimes for their very lives.
Clients depend on our support and reliable services to meet their most demanding challenges.
Clients depend on technical writers to get the job done on time.
Clients depend on the server.
Clients deposit money each month with the counseling service, which pays the creditors.
Clients deposit their estimated service fees in advance.
Clients describe the team as 'proactive and very practical'.
Clients describe the treatments as pleasant and relaxing.
Clients describe their cases, and attorneys submit proposed prices to perform the desired work.
Clients deserve the highest levels of compassion, care, regard, empathy, and assistance.
Clients determine what level of chemical management they desire.
Clients develop a business plan.
Clients develop and adapt in recognizable phases and patterns.
Clients develop fierce loyalty to the person who keeps their hair looking good.
Clients develop other community supports or they move on to pursue educational or vocational goals.
Clients dine out at their own expense on four evenings.
Clients dislike stale pages.
Clients do make mistakes.
Clients do mock interviews and get help networking through professional associations.
Clients do most of the processing.
Clients do sometimes cheat the system and eat a cleaner.
Clients do sometimes reexperience their birth.
Clients do the work and the server acts as the file and resource provider.
Clients do, however, want services better, faster and cheaper.
Clients don t have the perspective, the licensing or special training attorneys have.
Clients don t have to tie up their own resources or buy specialized software.
Clients don t immediately have to tell the doctors why they have come knocking on their door.
Clients don t like to see new faces every year.
Clients draw a horizontal timeline on a blank sheet of paper.
Clients dream of having a right-hand man or woman.
Clients drive the server with textual scripts that describe the interaction.
Clients drop off and pick up pets.
Clients dynamically get a free port number.
Clients easily remember bad service.
Clients eat that stuff up.
Clients encompass financial institutions, gov.
Clients engage in several simulated negotiations of increasing complexity.
Clients engage our services when they want to be assured of a successful project.
Clients enjoy adjoining parlor car.
Clients enjoy continuity of service and can obtain high-quality work at reasonable rates.
Clients enjoy extraordinary results from campaigns driven by great ideas.
Clients enjoy listening to music, singing along, and dancing.
Clients enjoy listening to stories and interesting voices.
Clients enjoy meals, activities, and specially designed rest areas when needed.
Clients enjoy other services in same room.
Clients enjoy recreational activities, meals and medical supervision.
Clients enjoy sleeping in wall tents with cots and stoves.
Clients enjoy telephone contact.
Clients enjoy the benefit of an extensive investment in the most modern legal technology.
Clients enjoy the comforts of dining in their own home without a hassle.
Clients enjoy the dignity of supporting themselves and their families through their own work.
Clients enjoy the opportunity to work semi-independently and interact with other community members.
Clients enjoy the reliability of a regular, full-time employee for their temporary needs.
Clients enter ftp site here .
Clients enter the program with an intake appointment, which lasts approximately two hours.
Clients enter their own text and upload their own images in each section.
Clients enter through the hospital's emergency room.
Clients enthuse about the 'nice team' that is 'prepared to think outside the box'.
Clients evaluate services through satisfaction surveys that are conducted regularly.
Clients examine their present value system.
Clients exist for almost every flavour of computer or system.
Clients expand their businesses and employ more people.
Clients expand their message, give coupons.
Clients expect a candidate to give two weeks' notice to their current employer.
Clients expect advice.
Clients expect foods to have important healing properties for a variety of reasons.
Clients expect legal services to be delivered promptly and efficiently.
Clients expect more than cookie-cutter sales ideas.
Clients expect more, often want more for less, and are sometimes second-guessing our work.
Clients expect privacy beyond the ability of practitioners to provide it.
Clients expect proactive suggestions about products that best meet their individual needs.
Clients expect results from the law firm they choose.
Clients expect results immediately.
Clients expect results.
Clients expect students to perform their role in a competent manner.
Clients expect their buildings to be useful, well made and to delight the mind.
Clients expect their matters to be handled expeditiously and competently.
Clients expect to be kept informed concerning the status of their matter.
Clients expect to get down to business.
Clients expect useful end products.
Clients expect value-added services tailored to their individual needs.
Clients expect, and demand, quality from vendors.
Clients expect, and some demand, E-mail accessibility with their lawyers.
Clients experience emotional healing at an accelerated rate.
Clients experience higher and higher etheric levels.
Clients experience the result.
Clients explicitly register or echo their participation in a delivery.
Clients explore alternatives and work with mental health professionals to set up a plan of action.
Clients exposed to violence are four times as likely to exhibit inappropriate sexual behavior.
Clients face fierce competition, rapidly changing technology, and complex government regulation.
Clients fail to follow suggested guidelines.
Clients fail to provide enough information to even begin a research, complain many professionals.
Clients fear being talked down to by lawyers.
Clients feel comfortable with their landownership.
Clients Feel free to visit our client's pages.
Clients feel it.
Clients feel manipulated and the seller's credibility is shot to pieces.
Clients feel more comfortable when they see an individual's name on the return address.
Clients feel more empowered as their cases move through the criminal justice system.
Clients feel that they are solving something versus just talking.
Clients feel that they have a duty to review in great detail.
Clients feel the same way about models.
Clients feel well-informed and are comfortable with their farm investment.
Clients fill out an application indicating the types of books they like to read.
Clients find big hunks breaking off once they have been on it for a while.
Clients find it central to their business and often use our facilities for meetings.
Clients find objects using multi-cast and caching.
Clients find our programs to be user friendly and highly personalized.
Clients find our rental services appealing when their own equipment is being repaired.
Clients find solace and validation in the thoughtful acknowledgment of their loss.
Clients find that many of the traditional training programmes are often too inflexible or generic.
Clients find that the group has 'excellent technical skills' and 'shows good judgement'.
Clients find the 'anonymous' format of the telephone sessions especially effective.
Clients find the questions relevant and non-intrusive.
Clients find the speed and efficiency of the service results in a high degree of cost-effectiveness.
Clients find they have more flexibility and awareness.
Clients find ways to retrofit facts with the vague and ambiguous pronouncements of the psychic.
Clients First setup the network components on the computer and enable printer sharing.
Clients flock in wanting cuts, colors and sets.
Clients fly to Rapid City, South Dakota.
Clients fly to the provincial city where they meet the child and finalize the adoption.
Clients focus on learning independent living skills.
Clients Follow the link below to see our clients in both government and commercial sectors.
Clients forget sometimes.
Clients function in a Client-Server information exchange model.
Clients furnish the facility, lunches, etc.
Clients gain a greater sense of control and comfort.
Clients gain access to their account information via the Internet.
Clients gain massive benefits in all areas of their life and relationships.
Clients gain too, from the broad exposure of ideas available in the open market.
Clients gather better data when they understand the process.
Clients gaze directly at the trainees with some of the most difficult issues possible.
Clients generally answer multiple questions and a profile is generated.
Clients generally come to therapists to modify their experience more pleasantly.
Clients generally have high speed access to the internet.
Clients generally know how they want to work in their space.
Clients generally represent themselves.
Clients generally view the changed organizational structure in a positive manner.
Clients get a total fitness evaluation, including body fat, cardiovascular and blood pressure tests.
Clients get a written report culled from computer databases and other reliable information sources.
Clients get access to training and group support.
Clients get advice and counsel, and sometimes constructive criticism.
Clients get answers tailored specifically to their needs.
Clients get copies of documents from servers.
Clients get faster results.
Clients get faster, more accurate trades.
Clients get focused and produce faster because they have a coach.
Clients get hardware, software, a consultant, an Internet service provider and phone line.
Clients get help with everything from child care to transportation.
Clients get information.
Clients get irritable.
Clients get less perturbed when they know exactly what they are paying for.
Clients get lists of the titles of new documents fortnightly and can then request the full text.
Clients get much needed technical support without having costly specialists on the company payroll.
Clients get much, much more.
Clients get onto the equipment and enjoy being able to talk to people.
Clients get real athletes shooting real athletes.
Clients get real-time access through a personalized Web page to see the status of every open call.
Clients get seamless service across products.
Clients get solutions that achieve their goals for today and expand with their visions for tomorrow.
Clients get statements every month.
Clients get the advertising they deserve.
Clients get the best printing price every time from our stable list of print partners.
Clients get the shot they envisioned and often go home with something even better.
Clients get time, commitment, value and most importantly, results.
Clients get to choose from a broad range of financial strategies designed for financial success.
Clients get to sit behind two way glass scarfing down catered food while spying on their customers.
Clients get today's problems solved with tomorrow's solutions.
Clients give agents a lot of information about themselves.
Clients give and receive feedback and can practice new behaviors in a confidential environment.
Clients give self-report responses.
Clients give telemarketers names and goods or services to sell over the phone.
Clients go beyond work and home, however.
Clients go for a consultation with the santero to find the solution of their problems.
Clients go through eight weeks of job search.
Clients go through growth spurts, then reach plateaus where they consolidate their gains.
Clients go to the Web site and fill in tax identification and other data.
Clients go to vendors to make up for friction in their operations.
Clients gradually come to realise that they poses the full power to be healthy and happy.
Clients graduate with a business plan.
Clients gravitate to successful professionals.
Clients grouse about more than just the team.
Clients handle file downloading and serving, while servers handle processing search request.
Clients hate surprises, so make sure there are none.
Clients hate surprises.
Clients have a choice of doing business in person, on the Internet, or a combination of the two.
Clients have a direct and free selection of the treating professional.
Clients have a diverse range of problems with widely differing degrees of psychopathology.
Clients have a fuzzy understanding of risk.
Clients have a habit of referring their solicitor to their friends, etc.
Clients have a lot at stake with their advertising programs.
Clients have a lot of input because they hold the purse strings.
Clients have a multitude of needs and issues that often require a multidisciplinary approach.
Clients have a number of options from which to choose.
Clients have a right to expect privacy, especially of electronic mail.
Clients have a right to information.
Clients have a right to know.
Clients have a single point of contact for their accounting questions.
Clients have a wide range of abilities and require different levels of support.
Clients have a wide range of skills and abilities.
Clients have access to a broad range of investment vehicles.
Clients have access to a complete online model book.
Clients have access to a detailed statistical analysis of their site traffic, updated daily.
Clients have access to a larger pool of educational resources.
Clients have access to a multi-province system.
Clients have access to a phone, computer, copier, and Internet for use in their job search plan.
Clients have access to a vast array of individual securities.
Clients have access to a women's AA group once a week.
Clients have access to all research at any time on our web site.
Clients have access to an object through interfaces implemented on the object.
Clients have access to computers, faxes, phones, and a job board.
Clients have access to end of day charts and quotes.
Clients have access to extended hours for general and business enquiries.
Clients have access to living room where breakfast is served in morning.
Clients have access to multimedia resources.
Clients have access to order nos., trade nos., market prices and trade time.
Clients have access to stock information via computer catalogues.
Clients have access to support services, educational and job preparation services.
Clients have access to the dinghy dock, bathrooms and showers.
Clients have access to the various exchanges from a strategically located execution desk.
Clients have access to update web site and monthly traffic reporting.
Clients have additional rights under specific programs.
Clients have all sorts of expectations of their lawyers.
Clients have choice of docking near casinos and night life or in a quiet reserve.
Clients have complete access to their projects during development.
Clients have complete control of adding, modifying and deleting entries right from their browser.
Clients have concerns, and they have a right to have concerns.
Clients have convenient access to services in four counties.
Clients have counsel who are working for an organization with an inherent conflict.
Clients have direct access to phones and fax machines.
Clients have direct access to their own archived reports.
Clients have diverse moral views.
Clients have expectations.
Clients have full access to our full reports.
Clients have full access to staff for follow-up questions and information.
Clients have full accessibility to an attorney's home telephone number for emergent needs.
Clients have history of or potential for violent behavior, self destructive behavior.
Clients have infinitely more cycles to spare than servers.
Clients have legal obligations to inspect contractors' safety performance.
Clients have limited disk capacity but lots of available memory.
Clients have little control over the taxes that stem from their mutual fund distributions.
Clients have many objections to medications.
Clients have many options in choosing a maintenance company. . . .
Clients have many options when designing their eyeliner.
Clients have many qualified lawyers to choose from in Oregon.
Clients have motivation and they also have doubt.
Clients have much higher expectations regarding responsiveness.
Clients have new requirements as issues such as security gain prominence in the Internet economy.
Clients have no access to their files and can only receive unofficial copies.
Clients have no way of knowing any better than to grab the data an barf it on the screen.
Clients have none of the very high overheads of the big companies.
Clients have peace of mind to focus on developing their business.
Clients have privacy with work space and phone.
Clients have ready access to the company's principals by phone, by fax and through personal contact.
Clients have ready and direct access to partners who actively lead client matters.
Clients have regular meetings with the doctor to monitor health and weight loss.
Clients have relationships with agencies, sales reps, and business development personnel at a site.
Clients have sales people who take the time to build and nurture relationships.
Clients have some say as to who is on their committee and can request that someone be excluded.
Clients have something to say about colour as well.
Clients have standard access to their securities account only via agents.
Clients have the ability to cache both positive and negative responses returned from the DNS server.
Clients have the ability to change the layout and add and delete different columns.
Clients have the ability to view positions on an average price basis, or on individual basis.
Clients have the added benefit of going to any office and working with a local representative.
Clients have the authority to approve all counterparties.
Clients have the choice between half rack and full rack.
Clients have the choice of either jamming the tower or selected mobile phones.
Clients have the choice of investing in either or both of two distinct investment disciplines.
Clients have the flexibility to create a schedule that exactly fits their needs.
Clients have the opportunity to attend a variety of workshops relating to employment.
Clients have the opportunity to involve family members in their treatment if the wish.
Clients have the oppurtunity to race trucks on racetracks.
Clients have the option of a multitude of electronic, on-line and storage media options.
Clients have the option of booking the trip for themselves or bringing along a guest.
Clients have the option of changing architectures in order to embrace emerging technologies.
Clients have the option of choosing bandwidth by usage or by limitation.
Clients have the option of standard mail or first class with discounted postage available.
Clients have the option to either pay quarterly, semi-annually, or annually.
Clients have the option to extend the contract or convert consultants to permanent employees.
Clients have the option to outsource as many or as few of their lending functions as they desire.
Clients have the option to reveal their identities or to trade anonymously.
Clients have the option to talk to a real person on the phone if they have a query.
Clients have the right of refusal and can stop treatment at any time.
Clients have the right to be afforded reasonable access to their attorneys.
Clients have the right to be informed of all details regarding their orders with the company.
Clients have the right to be treated with respect.
Clients have the right to discharge their attorneys at any time, with or without cause.
Clients have the right to family planning information.
Clients have the right to have promises kept.
Clients have the right to hire with no fee .
Clients have the right to know how their money was spent.
Clients have the right to resell purchased templates with their own name in the credit line.
Clients have the right to review records at any time.
Clients have the right to see treatment or evaluation records.
Clients have the right to sit out religious activities or to choose another provider.
Clients have the satisfaction of knowing they have earned their own jobs.
Clients have the security of dealing with one of the world's leading authorities on flow.
Clients have their own problems.
Clients have to adapt to how street level bureaucrats are adapting .
Clients have to be clean and sober to take part.
Clients have to be flexible and adjust the concepts to fit the needs of their project.
Clients have to bring their own equipment except bottles and weights.
Clients have to have a strong team in place.
Clients have to know that green is one part of good design.
Clients have total control of job postings.
Clients have two convenient payment options.
Clients have unarticulated needs.
Clients have up until the day prior to the scheduled event to cancel services without a charge.
Clients have varied information needs.
Clients have various needs and areas that differ from others.
Clients have varying levels of physical, sensory and learning difficulties with varied mobility.
Clients have very broad desires that haven t been cut into appropriate size chunks.
Clients having an email address can save time and money.
Clients heat up supplied food, for fully catered option, while on trek.
Clients help each other through active listening and shared experiences.
Clients help each other to be confident and independent members of the community.
Clients help themselves by reading, talking with colleagues, going to seminars, and the like.
Clients here are also more influenced by the medical field.
Clients here are devoted to fishing.
Clients here get a lot of bang for their buck.
Clients hire a CEP to do supportive services.
Clients hire lawyers to speak on their behalf.
Clients hire our lawyers for their experience, their judgment, and for results .
Clients hire technology consultants for the purpose of enhancing their business.
Clients host the programs that use the information.
Clients identify and learn about broad interest areas most relevant to themselves.
Clients identify new channels of connection with a confusing and alienating world.
Clients improve with each attempt and they can go down as often as time allows.
Clients increase their sense of well-being and improve their overall health with massage therapy.
Clients increase with experience and reputation.
Clients indicate their preferences for mature weight, calving season dates and service sires.
Clients initially request searches through the search interface.
Clients initiate communication.
Clients insure the works and pay a fee which funds necessary conservation work.
Clients interact exclusively with the web server.
Clients interact through relationships with families, in various forms, and communities.
Clients interact with personnel other than just partners.
Clients interact with servers either to read the data, or to update the data.
Clients interact with the user to send and receive standard data formats.
Clients interpret the body of messages to implement such features as message attachments.
Clients interview, select, train, supervise, and release their attendants.
Clients invest easily, knowledgeably and with confidence.
Clients invite parent partners into their lives and homes and can end the relationship at any time.
Clients invoke extensions via the trusted path.
Clients issue requests and invoke methods of object implementations.
Clients issue requests for services on objects and the server performs the requested service.
Clients issue requests for services, and servers respond.
Clients issue requests.
Clients join and register for the group at the domain level.
Clients join in groups of two or more coworkers, friends or relatives.
Clients join the transmission group and receive the file.
Clients just have to know their default gateway, and that's about it.
Clients just love it the first time they are beamed.
Clients just switch to another mirror and keep on surfing.
Clients keep a close watch on the stock market and build a perception on the movement of market.
Clients keep all negatives and or slides from the photo shoots.
Clients kill out of pure greed.
Clients know home runs, extra base hits, even singles are hard to get.
Clients know that their coaches are their partners and are committed to their success.
Clients know that they are hiring more than a single developer but an entire network.
Clients know there are plenty of good attorneys from which to choose.
Clients know they can count on our candidates to be skilled, qualified, and professional.
Clients know what data entry costs.
Clients know what they are getting in a union contractor, regardless of the location.
Clients know what they want from counseling.
Clients know when they are treated with respect.
Clients know where every dollar is spent it s an open-book way of doing business.
Clients learn a lot about teambuilding, peer support and fair play.
Clients learn about goal setting, self-sufficiency, and overcoming barriers to growth.
Clients learn about the program from home health care nurses, other clients, publicity and doctors.
Clients learn about their own general personality orientations as it relates to the world of work.
Clients learn and practice living skills which encourage happy, productive and interdependent lives.
Clients learn braille, make craft items, and enjoy a hot lunch.
Clients learn computer basics, how to do data entry and other office skills.
Clients learn how to listen to questions and how to respond with clarity.
Clients learn more realistic behavior and thus achieve success.
Clients learn new life skills to handle the normal stresses of life.
Clients learn new ways of participating in positive, drug-free leisure activities.
Clients learn specific emotion and behavior management skills.
Clients learn that feelings and emotions can be processed, accepted, and expressed.
Clients learn the communication process in developing a relationship with the horse.
Clients learn to apply techniques that simulate anticipated job duties.
Clients learn to cope more skillfully with their feeling and their relationships with others.
Clients learn to develop serious abdominal strength to support all body conditioning movements.
Clients learn to exercise bureaucratic competence and work the system to get what they can.
Clients learn to focus on their future and to make career and life plans.
Clients learn to improve their pronunciation, intonatino patterns and enunciation.
Clients learn to improve work behaviors and to strengthen job-retention skills.
Clients learn to 'keep the ball rolling' maintaining and applying the therapeutic changes.
Clients learn to orient themselves to the community and use public transportation.
Clients learn to overcome false beliefs and behaviors which block personal progress.
Clients learn to prepare for uncertainty by thinking ahead and having a back-up plan ready.
Clients leave feeling relaxed, refreshed and ready to return to work.
Clients leave our facility with a steady job and money in the bank.
Clients leave with a strong sense of direction and a feeling of re-connection with their path.
Clients like to be with people that are on top.
Clients like to feel they're in control of how much they're going to spend.
Clients like to hear what they think, but our business is accuracy.
Clients like to know what's going on.
Clients like to meet at the restored railroad warehouse.
Clients list upon request.
Clients list,our awards and recognition for our works.
Clients listed on a light purple background are no longer in active development.
Clients Lists the different clients that can be used to play Crossfire.
Clients live among the service providers.
Clients live in their own homes, assisted living and nursing homes.
Clients live independently in apartment units.
Clients live or are seen at various locations which meet their needs throughout the tri-county area.
Clients log in here .
Clients log in here.
Clients login below.
Clients look for candidates with qualitative and or quantitative research methodology expertise.
Clients look for cheerfulness, dependability, promptness, and honesty.
Clients look forward to the many scheduled outings and live entertainment.
Clients Look over a partial list of our past and present customers and projects.
Clients look to confirm that they made the best decision.
Clients look to consulting firms to provide expertise and manpower.
Clients look to their agent for answers.
Clients looking to purchase furniture can get valuable style and care information before they buy.
Clients love a clear plan.
Clients love fact-based, supported presentations.
Clients love having inside information.
Clients love it.
Clients love referring a hot new designer who just finished a great project.
Clients love that.
Clients love the ambiance and continually comment on how relaxing the salon is.
Clients love the extra features because it makes their discs more valuable.
Clients love the extra services.
Clients love the potent recharge they receive in the treatment.
Clients love the presentation on the laptop and business is issued pretty quickly.
Clients love the results too.
Clients love the software.
Clients love to print posters of their mechanisms and Industrial size inventions.
Clients maintain a mirror image of their pleading and correspondence files.
Clients maintain a reference to servers as long as they like.
Clients maintain an object buffer for objects in local memory.
Clients make all their own trading decisions.
Clients make decisions based on problems, needs, goals, budget, market focus and corporate identity.
Clients make informed decisions and are more satisfied.
Clients make it possible for vendors to pay bills and meet payroll.
Clients make key decisions, and are kept updated through frequent status reports.
Clients make our business and their satisfaction is our number one goal.
Clients make own arrangements .
Clients make own arrangements.
Clients make request for information and then handle the chore of displaying that information.
Clients make the choice of flowers.
Clients makes a request to an object for a service.
Clients making informed choices are the keys to a successful home purchase or move.
Clients making voluntary disclosures only have to pay what they owe plus interest.
Clients manage risks, control costs, save time, and maintain relationships.
Clients means more than being technically competent.
Clients meanwhile have to be on top of the management challenge.
Clients measure a campaign's ability more on cost than design.
Clients meet case managers in their natural settings, often in-home or at their day treatment sites.
Clients meet during the day, up to five days a week, depending upon individual needs.
Clients meet from three to five times a week with their psychiatrist.
Clients meet regularly with program staff to discuss problems and reset goals.
Clients meet with Captains and proceed to vessels.
Clients meet with law students and attorney supervisors at the law school during evening hours.
Clients meet with the counselor at scheduled times.
Clients meet with their advisor as often as quarterly, and telephone communication is frequent.
Clients meet with their psychiatrist at least three to five times per week.
Clients merely deal with one source for all their check protection needs.
Clients mingle with the girls in the lounge.
Clients name body parts.
Clients nationwide use our products with excellent results.
Clients naturally have high expectations.
Clients needing scanning resources have priority at the scanning stations.
Clients needs differ, though.
Clients needs who come first.
Clients needs, who come first.
Clients negotiate fees directly with the consultants of their choice.
Clients never fail to notice.
Clients never have an opportunity to talk to an attorney.
Clients never have to worry about cleaning the oven food burns down to ash.
Clients normally perform routine data back-ups and recoveries.
Clients notice and appreciate the difference.
Clients now call specific departments directly from a published list of direct-dial numbers.
Clients now come from all corners of the world.
Clients now expect a much quicker response.
Clients now have access to information that at one time only Realtors had.
Clients now have the luxury of meeting with their lawyers less frequently as a result of technology.
Clients now receive marshal communications.
Clients now search nationwide, even worldwide, for the best agency they can find.
Clients now see materials and labor costs.
Clients now support the firewall patch.
Clients o some more minor bug fixes to auscope.
Clients obtain a title for their project, plus a user name and password to enter.
Clients obtain access to the providers' facilities through the Internet or through leased lines.
Clients obtain clear reports based on their ongoing assessments.
Clients obtain food vouchers to purchase specified foods and infant formula.
Clients obtain service addresses to talk with servers.
Clients obtain service by sending messages to server processes.
Clients obtain the stub by connecting to a server and looking up the object by name.
Clients obtain their information on an as-needed basis.
Clients obtain what they want, when they want it, at a price they can afford.
Clients obviously do better most of the time when it is used as a drop.
Clients only pay consultants to work on urgent problems.
Clients only pay for the resources that they use.
Clients only pay for the services they use, so there's no down time.
Clients only perform functions to display the user interface of invoked applications.
Clients only please.
Clients only purchase our software once and receive all updates as they are released.
Clients Only Welcome to our clients only area.
Clients order their contact lenses online.
Clients own all negatives and rights.
Clients own copy and all other rights to the contracted documents.
Clients own the workshop and can teach it as needed, making it highly accessible.
Clients page with recent additions.
Clients pair up and touch other partner's hands.
Clients participate by submitting proprietary questions.
Clients participate in a structured outpatient program with extensive case management services.
Clients participate in individual, family and group therapy depending on their individual needs.
Clients participate in sheltered workshop programs and supported employment with area businesses.
Clients participate in skill building groups and individual and family meetings.
Clients participate in socialization activities and are involved in daily structured programs.
Clients participate in the revenues generated by their site.
Clients participate in work activities.
Clients pay a clickthrough fee each time a customer visits.
Clients pay a fee and get a username and password to log on to the system.
Clients pay a fee based on their incomes.
Clients pay a fee that is established on the basis of their gross annual income.
Clients pay a fee to list job openings.
Clients pay a service fee assigned on a sliding scale.
Clients pay according to their ability as determined by a sliding fee scale.
Clients pay at the end of each session.
Clients pay by check, cash, credit card, or through a financing option.
Clients pay directly to the contracted worker for services.
Clients pay for hosting and maintenance and some pay transactional revenues.
Clients pay for materials.
Clients pay for meals,fuel,and bring own sleeping bag.
Clients pay for services based on a sliding fee scale.
Clients pay for services on a monthly basis within a pre-defined budget.
Clients pay for services on a sliding fee scale.
Clients pay for services when a candidate referral results in a placement.
Clients pay for shipping drums to their events.
Clients pay for the groceries, but delivery is free.
Clients pay for the use of the software only when premiums are bound.
Clients pay for their own meals.
Clients pay for what a matter requires for proper handling and no more.
Clients pay handlers to take the dog in the ring.
Clients pay initial installation costs.
Clients pay large sums for a competitive advantage.
Clients pay monthly recurring charges based on messaging volume.
Clients pay monthly retainer.
Clients pay more because they are obsessed with original parts.
Clients pay no attorney's fees until a settlement is reached or verdict awarded.
Clients pay no fees until a sale is made and payment is received.
Clients pay on a fixed monthly fee basis or on an application usage basis.
Clients pay on a sliding scale.
Clients pay one third of their income toward rent.
Clients pay only expenses.
Clients pay only for photocopies and printing.
Clients pay only for the archiving that is used.
Clients pay only for the eservices they use, so there is no down time.
Clients pay only for the time they use.
Clients pay only for traffic delivered.
Clients pay only for traffic to their web sites , thus maximizing the return on their investment.
Clients pay placement fees to agencies to find, interview, screen and refer qualified candidates.
Clients pay shipping.
Clients pay the dentists directly at the time of service.
Clients pay the fees.
Clients pay the full amount owed, but over a longer time period.
Clients pay the workers directly.
Clients pay top dollar to be around intense energy.
Clients pay usage costs as they are incurred.
Clients pay what they can afford.
Clients paying by credit card agree to accept charges for bandwidth overages.
Clients periodically receive a survey for to vote on proposed improvements to their software.
Clients periodically retrieve their assignments from the server using remote method calls.
Clients periodically send digests of the statistics to the server.
Clients phone our support people, who in turn dial into their system and work with the clients.
Clients Place our client's interests and needs above our own.
Clients placing volume accounts receive periodic status reports and trust disbursements.
Clients play a big part in the conceptualization, development and deployment of their site.
Clients pop up from all around the world and having a web site is a priceless asset.
Clients possess resources and strengths with which to resolve their problems.
Clients post and read from servers.
Clients post specific questions to the server, and receives a specific answer.
Clients practice entering data more quickly and with less effort.
Clients practice real or simulated work activities to improve fitness and eventually return to work.
Clients prefer to deal with firms that have demonstrable expertise.
Clients prefer to work with outside firms that have certified employees.
Clients preferring to explore the falls and curios shops can do so at leisure.
Clients present academic, vocational, and personal concerns.
Clients present complex problems and diagnoses related to substance abuse and mental health.
Clients preview their images and provide approval before the first print is made.
Clients primarily come from the health care, pharmaceutical, and life sciences industries.
Clients produce the sales invoices - our staff input all the accounting transactions.
Clients profit from our diverse experience and unique methods of operation.
Clients progress from simple tasks to complex before advancing to actual work activities.
Clients provide a monthly prize, shipped directly to the monthly winner.
Clients provide a more user-friendly connection to a server than using a direct telnet connection.
Clients provide an add-on with a highly perceived value and often raise admission to cover costs.
Clients provide for their own meals, hotel rooms, or hut fees.
Clients provide handouts to look at issues related to co-dependency and unhealthy boundaries.
Clients provide meal preparation and maintenance of the facility.
Clients provide quality assurance reviews.
Clients provide the funding and organizational support to make their listservs effective.
Clients provide the information needed for their benefit claim only once.
Clients provide the shopping list and cash.
Clients provide their own set of configuration options.
Clients provide their own sleeping bag, tent and sleeping pad.
Clients provides all content and images.
Clients provides their own bedding and towels.
Clients purchase a block of hours to work against for their ongoing projects.
Clients purchase the rights to use images for a certain period of time, placement, etc.
Clients purchase, borrow, or use loaner bulls.
Clients put much importance on documentation and sign the agreements in front of a crowd.
Clients query the server they're logged into for information about specific resources.
Clients raise the question of their mental health in a legal proceeding such as a custody suit.
Clients range corporate America to wildlife exotica.
Clients range from babies to grandmothers.
Clients range from blue chip companies to start-ups and local family businesses.
Clients range from budding entrepreneurs to established companies.
Clients range from building managers and community associations, to school boards and universities.
Clients range from businesses to private individuals seeking the best of legal advice.
Clients range from busy executives to boy scouts, with more of the former than the latter.
Clients range from churches to rock opera houses.
Clients range from coast to coast and Hawaii.
Clients range from community banks to multi-national and international financial organizations.
Clients range from elementary school children to professional athletes.
Clients range from elementary school students to corporate executives.
Clients range from entrepreneurial startups to multi-million dollar international corporations.
Clients range from entrepreneurs to start-ups, to family businesses, to mature public companies.
Clients range from game publishers to hotels.
Clients range from government agencies to international telecommunications companies.
Clients range from hospitality and health care to telecommunications and financial service firms.
Clients range from individual consumers to school boards and large corporations.
Clients range from individuals to large companies.
Clients range from individuals to significant commercial and non-profit institutions.
Clients range from industry to private home owners.
Clients range from large corporations to small business's.
Clients range from large multi-national companies to Silicon Valley start ups.
Clients range from large multinationals to privately held businesses and individuals.
Clients range from large regulatory boards to private individuals.
Clients range from local business in the Central Queensland area to large multinational companies.
Clients range from local manufacturers to international corporations.
Clients range from local sports teams and country inns to international distributors.
Clients range from multinational groups to owner managed business in the Oxford region.
Clients range from multinationals to small community groups.
Clients range from newborn to elders.
Clients Range from novice road racers to elite riders.
Clients range from one man companies to multinationals.
Clients range from people with multiple chemical sensitivity to the environmentally aware.
Clients range from pre-schoolers to the homebound elderly.
Clients range from residential to professional sites, focusing on relocations and renovations.
Clients range from restaurateurs to kennel owners to machine parts providers.
Clients range from single-owner businesses to software development houses.
Clients range from small associations to large, multi-site company.
Clients range from small business owners to corporate execs.
Clients range from small businesses to the world's largest corporations.
Clients range from small inventors to large, publicly-traded companies.
Clients range from small lot owners to large corporations to utility companies.
Clients range from small owner managed businesses to public limited companies.
Clients range from small start-up organizations to multinational corporations.
Clients range from small to large businesses.
Clients range from small to large companies.
Clients range from small, rural hospitals to major teaching facilities and multi-physician groups.
Clients range from sole traders through to multi-million pound turnover companies.
Clients range from start-up companies to some of the region s largest businesses.
Clients range from start-up ventures and privately held enterprises to international corporations.
Clients range from start-ups to large national corporations .
Clients range from start-ups to some of the most successful, high profile companies in the industry.
Clients range from subcontractors in the construction industry to local authorities.
Clients range from techno-thriller novelists to historical biographers.
Clients range from the world s major corporations through to the smallest of organisations.
Clients range from workers compensation carriers to small and large self-insured businesses.
Clients range in age from four to eighty-four, and walks can vary from one hour to five hours a day.
Clients range in age from infancy through adulthood.
Clients range in age from infant to adult.
Clients range in age from three years to sixty-five years old.
Clients range in age from young to old.
Clients range in ages from infant and early childhood to geriatric clients.
Clients range in size from firms doing business around the world to smaller regional companies.
Clients range in size from five or fewer employees to thousands of employees.
Clients range in size from substantial public limited companies to private individuals.
Clients rave about the service that our employees deliver.
Clients reach the right customer with the right product at the right time.
Clients read and write the heap in primary memory and can commit or abort their write operations.
Clients read the list of nodes from the inform server.
Clients read the reports generated by graduate students in the case problems assignment.
Clients realise that by seeking our expert advice, considerable savings can be achieved.
Clients realize technology influences our lives, and many use the Internet daily.
Clients realize their full potential for new futures.
Clients realize they have more choices in legal services than ever before.
Clients receive a broad music mix and event coordination to keep the party moving smoothly.
Clients receive a button that can be worn on their wrist or around their neck.
Clients receive a certificate that documents their job readiness training.
Clients receive a check for a six-month period to purchase monthly bus passes.
Clients receive a comprehensive report on a yearly basis.
Clients receive a computer system designed to manage all of their reservations.
Clients receive a confirmation of every transaction within five business days.
Clients receive a copy of the evaluation summary.
Clients receive a copy of the letter size return of service affidavit.
Clients receive a detailed explanation of all time charges, time elapsed and rates charged.
Clients receive a free credit report when requested.
Clients receive a full hour of individualized treatment and education.
Clients receive a full psychological test battery and assessment interview.
Clients receive a full report of our findings and recommended treatment plans.
Clients receive a monthly invoice and a copy of the report for review.
Clients receive a photo-real image with a quotation.
Clients receive a steady flow of exposure by target audiences.
Clients receive a three-part report including ways to blend elemental remedies with their d cor.
Clients receive a unique blend of original research and pragmatic real world application.
Clients receive additional follow-up visits six months, one year, and two years after delivery.
Clients receive aggregate results in both hard copy and database formats.
Clients receive all copies of information they have requested and paid for.
Clients receive all factory and Federal government recall notice directly from the manufacturers.
Clients receive all factory and Federal government recall notices directly from the manufacturers.
Clients receive all of the biographies for each company they have a prospect affiliated with.
Clients receive all rebates and special offers.
Clients receive all the information they require to make informed decisions.
Clients receive an easy to deploy and seamless integration between the two products.
Clients receive an error message.
Clients receive an inspection and analysis of their current marketing and sales efforts.
Clients receive an original and two copies of the finished appraisal.
Clients receive assistance over the phone or come in for personal interviews scheduled beforehand.
Clients receive careful personal attention before and after a purchase has been made.
Clients receive continuous research and analysis to satisfy customers' changing needs.
Clients receive current detail information insuring complete satisfaction with the selected service.
Clients receive customized programs which meet their particular needs.
Clients receive dependable research-quality, sensitive, accurate and rapid analyses.
Clients receive educational information through the dental offices and by mail.
Clients receive effective service from a dedicated and capable group of people.
Clients receive electronically released profiles weekly.
Clients receive excellent feedback.
Clients receive feed bills from the feedlot on regular billing cycles.
Clients receive four individual therapy sessions each week.
Clients receive free immediate setup.
Clients receive full ownership of their site once the final payment is received.
Clients receive full statistical analysis of site traffic, visitor profile etc.
Clients receive help free of charge and volunteers receive a taxfree stipend and other benefits.
Clients receive high quality and responsive services at a reasonable cost to the public treasury.
Clients receive immediate crisis counseling via the telephone if needed.
Clients receive individual and group sessions daily.
Clients receive individual and group sessions on a daily basis.
Clients receive individual case management and intensive program services as specified by the court.
Clients receive intensive treatment so they can live safely in the community.
Clients receive interpersonal psychotherapy for two years or longer.
Clients receive job skills training, counseling and help with transportation and child care.
Clients receive kilometres for paid days only.
Clients receive larger loans as their businesses grow.
Clients receive legal assistance in their divorce case.
Clients receive medical care for controlling their high blood pressure.
Clients receive monthly activity reports , and are encouraged to call for updates.
Clients receive monthly log reports and are promoted aggressively to Internet search services.
Clients receive monthly, quarterly and annual reports regarding property performance.
Clients receive nutritional counseling and menus are modified to address specific nutritional needs.
Clients receive one on one counseling and job development assistance.
Clients receive ongoing training in social, personal, and work skills.
Clients receive only resumes of thoroughly screened and reference-checked candidates.
Clients receive our detailed report including our recommendation for approving or denying the loan.
Clients receive outstanding customer service.
Clients receive positive emotional reinforcement, adult supervision, guidance, and accountability.
Clients receive pre-qualified candidates at low prices.
Clients receive printouts on each of the properties they are interested in.
Clients receive prompt, meaningful communication.
Clients receive proofs of display ads prior to publication.
Clients receive quality, full valuation reports at a fraction of the cost.
Clients receive recovery support, medical screening, clothing, and evening meal.
Clients receive regular reports of activity as arranged by contract and through personal contact.
Clients receive rental referral assistance, education, and follow-up case management services.
Clients receive reports on utilization by the media with audience estimates.
Clients receive reports with statistics and never personal information on respondents.
Clients receive results only from their proprietary questions and general demographic questions.
Clients receive room, board and personal care.
Clients receive services relating to rehabilitation aids and specialized electronics.
Clients receive similar training in the usual range of job search skills.
Clients receive some products and services free and pay for others.
Clients receive statements detailing portfolio holdings and summaries of all their transactions.
Clients receive strategic counsel, based on solid, innovative research.
Clients receive substantial hands-on support.
Clients receive supervised and non-supervised housing with meals provided.
Clients receive tax-reducing personal estate and gift planning , including the use of trusts.
Clients receive the best of all worlds at the most reasonable cost.
Clients receive the best possible pricing on hardware and software.
Clients receive the current interbank exchange rate whenever they have to execute a trade.
Clients receive the exercise machines, wall charts, cue tapes, start-up forms and supplies.
Clients receive the highest level of individualized attention through our consultative approach.
Clients receive the same high-quality service regardless of location.
Clients receive their Web and TV clips as printed transcripts along with their normal print clips.
Clients receive total case management, counseling, and monitoring of their court-ordered conditions.
Clients receive trouble shooting assistance on their technical and business problems.
Clients receive two to six hours of service weekly.
Clients receive typed comments along with the data.
Clients receive updates for the groups they belong to, and filter out the irrelevant data.
Clients receive vouchers for specific food items, nutrition and parenting education.
Clients receive wages based on their ability, productivity and the prevailing wage for similar jobs.
Clients receiving case management and other program participants benefit from a range of services.
Clients receiving gas from arterial pipelines are to pay the average tariff for arterial pipelines.
Clients recieve FREE advertising on the service provider's webpage.
Clients recognize that multiculturalism is very important to business.
Clients recognize that their accountant is aware of the latest services and technology available.
Clients record what they eat, who they eat with, and their mood at the time.
Clients refer to voice ropes solely by reference.
Clients register as volunteer looks on.
Clients register for the events up to the number that can be accommodated at the training facility.
Clients register free on the Web site and are notified about events.
Clients register with the site and select four numbers.
Clients regularly request our Temps for other assignments.
Clients rely on and value lawyers for their judgment.
Clients rely on our ability to get in and do something meaningful right away to stabilise a company.
Clients rely on our global capabilities and broad range of analytical expertise.
Clients rely on our quality service, proven track record and no surprises approach to investing.
Clients rely on servers for resources , such as files , devices , and even processing power.
Clients rely on servers for resources, such as files, devices, and even processing power.
Clients remain clothed and covered with a cloth.
Clients remain fully clothed and no oils are used.
Clients remain fully clothed.
Clients remain fully-clothed, sitting or lying, in a peaceful environment.
Clients remain in control of their finances.
Clients remain loyal because our products last.
Clients remain responsible for all costs and disbursements incurred in pursuing a client claim.
Clients remain solely responsible for drafting their final essay.
Clients remain the same.
Clients remove pest-prone and problem plants from their landscapes.
Clients rent work of choice on a monthly basis.
Clients report a good, professional service.
Clients report a high level of satisfaction with the housing they receive.
Clients report activity to their web site quite quickly in most instances.
Clients report being relaxed with improved mental clarity and increased energy.
Clients report better customer service and reduced administrative costs.
Clients report changes after the first session.
Clients report feeling and looking better and better for several months after their last session.
Clients report feeling light, open, free, centered, grounded, relaxed, energized and peaceful.
Clients report few complications during follow-up visits.
Clients report greater ease in movement and breathing, as well as improved balance and stability.
Clients report high levels of satisfaction.
Clients report that the firm has a good mix of financial services and e-commerce expertise.
Clients report that they often feel isolated, ignored or snowed under by bureaucratese.
Clients report the parasites gradually disappearing after a few months.
Clients report tremendous response from our creative advertising.
Clients report very positive experiences from their counseling sessions.
Clients represent a continuum of wellness to illness across the lifespan.
Clients represent a wide range of industries.
Clients represent all facets of international and domestic commerce.
Clients represent diverse ethnic and socioeconomic groups.
Clients request a service from a server.
Clients request data or processing services of servers and present server results to end users.
Clients request information from servers on the Internet.
Clients request information from servers.
Clients request information on interpreting regulations and order safe boating materials.
Clients request investigations for a variety of reasons.
Clients require a broad range of needs.
Clients require a consistent and reliable means for the transfer of risk.
Clients require courtesy, tact, and effectiveness.
Clients require new server capabilities.
Clients require that, especially technology clients.
Clients resent professional procrastination.
Clients reside in adjacent zip codes, and are invited to receive food every two weeks.
Clients resolve names and a specific tty can be specified to talk to.
Clients respect agencies if they earn that respect.
Clients respect what they pay for.
Clients respond positively to straight talk and honesty.
Clients respond positively.
Clients respond to our logo services, with impeccable reviews .
Clients respond to our logo services, with impeccable reviews.
Clients retire and new contacts come in.
Clients return because of the personal contact and the care that they receive.
Clients return in three months and test again.
Clients return once a week for one year, at no extra charge.
Clients return time and time again - for gallery is a testament to our quality and service.
Clients return year after year for more exciting adventures.
Clients Review our client list .
Clients ride until lunch time, where a healthy lunch is provided.
Clients rightly see their sites as a business tool.
Clients routinely call upon ABS to share our experience and foresight.
Clients run food kiosks, sell fish, brew beverages, and provide services such as tailoring.
Clients run mini-qmail to pass all mail to a central server.
Clients run out of money.
Clients run the ypbind daemon, which enables client processes to obtain information from a server.
Clients save countless hours and headaches, and get fast results.
Clients save money through the reduced time to complete the hiring process.
Clients say it works.
Clients say our sexual harassment training helps stem the loss of productivity and morale.
Clients say the advice works.
Clients say the service is well worth the cost.
Clients say they've been impressed with the neophyte VCs.
Clients score our work directly.
Clients search for files by flooding the mesh with search messages.
Clients See also our Prices and terms of delivery or go back .
Clients See Clients in the looking glass.
Clients see detailed drawings, plans, and schematics.
Clients see exactly where improvements are needed.
Clients see farther, broader, clearer, and wiser than ever before.
Clients see great value in our simulation tools.
Clients see measurable improvements in performance without losing focus on quality or service.
Clients see measureable improvements in performance without losing focus on quality or service.
Clients see proof of the results very quickly.
Clients see real-time data on their screens, and no discrepancy exists as to what is being viewed.
Clients See sample websites and projects by SKDesigns.
Clients see the converted prices directly on the vendor's Web pages with no effort on their part.
Clients seek advice about U.S. immigration law for a number of reasons.
Clients seek an expert evaluation, yet they resent being held to a standard.
Clients seek coaching because they want to experience change in their lives.
Clients seek our help to reduce overhead expenses and enhance profits.
Clients seek out therapy for gender issues for different reasons.
Clients seek several Operators for all shifts with flex time possibilities.
Clients seek their counsel.
Clients seek veterinary assistance to resolve their horse's problem.
Clients seeking information or CRNA coverage, please click here.
Clients seem to be less discerning.
Clients seem to have an inexhaustible interest in providing feedback to their firm.
Clients seem to sympathize with the students, with their unfamiliarity with the community.
Clients seem to want to help each other within the program.
Clients select and supervise the work of a registry-referred provider.
Clients select art from slides.
Clients select the keywords and phrases most associated with their products.
Clients select which program is best.
Clients send messages but servers usually both send and receive messages.
Clients send messages containing requests to server objects.
Clients send messages requesting semaphore waits and signals.
Clients send requests to servers, get back replies.
Clients send requests to the proxy at their local domain.
Clients send requests to the server, and each connection from client to server uses bandwidth.
Clients send the results to the server and are issued a new port to check.
Clients send therapists e-mails any time of the day or night.
Clients Serving our clients is the ultimate reason for our organization's existence.
Clients set their own agendas and continue with outside employment and education.
Clients set their own goals and track progress on a regular basis.
Clients set up an appointment through the secretary.
Clients settle a wide range of disputes.
Clients share in food costs.
Clients share in the cost of service.
Clients share moments together.
Clients share responsibility for their progress and success.
Clients share the living space and create their own supportive, sober environment.
Clients share the same results and costs.
Clients share their corporate vision, values, strategy and goals.
Clients share what information they want to share.
Clients shopping for prices for examinations and vaccinations call daily.
Clients shuffle in and out.
Clients sift thru titles after they do a search.
Clients sign a two-year contract.
Clients sign on with the architect who best meets their needs.
Clients sign the papers, and they are filed the next day.
Clients sign up online, agreeing to the terms and conditions of the online service contract.
Clients simply connect to a server in the cluster and look up the desired object by name.
Clients simply dial the toll-free number and tell the system what they want in their own words.
Clients simply listen to a data stream to join the multicast.
Clients simply listen to a data stream.
Clients simply log-in, and they re immediately in touch with our support system.
Clients simply request a coaching right then when they are ready.
Clients simply reserve a vehicle by phone and then retrieve the vehicle at the designated time.
Clients sing refrain with the therapist.
Clients sing the refrain and perform actions on each verse.
Clients sit at a conference table facing a board.
Clients sit behind the mirror observing the discussion without being seen.
Clients sit in an ergonomicaly designed chair with clothes on and receive a treatment.
Clients so situated then often make two decisions.
Clients soon discover that natural food costs much less than processed food.
Clients soon learn to enjoy the independence that good budgeting brings.
Clients specify the number of countries and questions they want to see represented in the results.
Clients state that when they walk out of our doors, they feel like a human being with dignity.
Clients stay at resorts, lodges, hotels, and sailboats, depending on the tour.
Clients stay busy with vocational work, dances and weekend outings.
Clients stay from three to six months before moving to more permanent housing.
Clients staying in Paris can have their purchases delivered directly to their hotel.
Clients still have full control of their local cache while reaping benefits from others.
Clients still remain anonymous, as the boats are listed only by number.
Clients store a list of codes with instructions on what to do with data tagged with each code.
Clients streaming audio and video see immediate advantages.
Clients strengthen their parenting skills, educational plans and health.
Clients stroll at leisure with the guide or on their own as they wish.
Clients submit a one-page narrative of their proposed project.
Clients submit personal information describing their experience and needs.
Clients submit their database and computation-intensive applications using tickets.
Clients submitting claims to a clearinghouse can pay for the service a number of ways.
Clients subscribe for each age segment they are interested in.
Clients subscribe in order to be notified of specific problem occurrences.
Clients subscribe to the classes of events they which to receive.
Clients sue attorney for malpractice over business termination agreement.
Clients supply information about their needs, culture and constraints.
Clients supply the event dates, player technology, and bit rates.
Clients supply their own backpack, sleeping bag, hiking boots and raingear.
Clients Take a first hand look at our work by visiting our clients page .
Clients Take a look at some of our recent work.
Clients take action when they feel that they are making informed decisions.
Clients take advantage of our diverse range of expertise as they reach out for new goals.
Clients take information, and servers give information.
Clients take longer to make decisions.
Clients take more actions, get more focused and better organized.
Clients take turns broadcasting their messages to the group.
Clients talk candidly about denying their symptoms, lying to therapists, self-destructive behavior.
Clients talk to social workers about challenges in their lives.
Clients talk to the server, where they are authenticated and to which they submit requests.
Clients tell their stories to lawyers.
Clients tend to be under thirty and have sedentary occupations.
Clients tend to be very manipulative and lack motivation for change.
Clients tend to change their minds.
Clients tend to hear whatever supports their positions.
Clients tend to like that.
Clients tend to stand much more erect.
Clients tend to use the first A record they find.
Clients then attempt to match the auditory as well as the visual targets.
Clients then attend classes tailored to their family's needs.
Clients then can view their network performance data and alarms over a secure connection.
Clients then can view their project timeline as a web page in a real time environment.
Clients then check their assigned directories for new files.
Clients then continue the detoxification process by mouth, at home.
Clients then have the option of reading only the categories applicable to their areas of interest.
Clients then receive a XML response with return parameters.
Clients then receive lists with information about other clients who meet their criteria.
Clients then retrieve their respective messages from the postoffice.
Clients then travel to China approximately two months after acceptance of the child.
Clients There are no age limitations.
Clients thereby benefit from increased service reliability and flexibility.
Clients thrive on information.
Clients too look to network access with the design studio.
Clients travel from all over Europe to visit the salon.
Clients treat their lawyers differently than church members treat their pastors.
Clients trust our discretion for supplying the finest professional talent available.
Clients trust our discretion in supplying the finest professional talent available.
Clients try the order entry system once, then go back to the fax machine.
Clients try to determine if the problem is with their use of the product or the product itself.
Clients turn into friends, friends into translators.
Clients turn to the astrologer to have that order revealed.
Clients typically carry their personal gear, most of their own lunches and a dinner.
Clients typically come from troubled backgrounds.
Clients typically find it more economical to conduct the training at their site.
Clients typically perform complex read-only queries on the views.
Clients typically require immediate delivery of the parts found, where ever they are found.
Clients typically think they can start and finish the process in a month or two.
Clients ultimately are people working with other people.
Clients ultimately have to make their own business decisions.
Clients understand that.
Clients understand what is going on, and they seem to understand everything their lawyers say.
Clients underwrite most of the decent houses in America.
Clients use adaptive processes to attain or maintain health.
Clients Use best efforts to provide accurate information about the speaker to the client.
Clients use card, left, to rate each seven-minute chat.
Clients use CyBerJaz to outsource their IT staff and concerns.
Clients use instances of proxy classes to invoke methods on remote server objects.
Clients use it for giving small presentations and training employees on using new software.
Clients use it for mergers, acquisitions, and corporate transformations.
Clients use our databases for highly targeted direct mail communication and special events.
Clients use our iConverge.sct solutions to turn customer information into competitive advantage.
Clients use searches to evaluate the risks of adopting a particular mark.
Clients use the application URL to access a particular page in the application.
Clients use the application URL to access the default page of an application.
Clients use the facilities and equipment at their own risk.
Clients use the lookup service to locate the services they are interested in.
Clients use the name of the socket in order to read or write to it.
Clients use the naming service to locate objects by name.
Clients use the pooled objects briefly and in rapid succession.
Clients use the remote rendezvous classes to perform transactions with a remote database server.
Clients use the ypservers map to find the nearest available server.
Clients using a proxy know the proxy is present and that it is an intermediary.
Clients value our focus on the energy and chemical industries.
Clients value their auditors' industry knowledge.
Clients vary from large corporations that outsource to small start-ups.
Clients vary from multinationals to small dynamic service providers.
Clients vary from small businesses to multinational companies.
Clients vary from the very small to the very large.
Clients vary in age and needs but receive loving and individual attention.
Clients vary in age from infants to the elderly.
Clients vary in their requirements for shoppers.
Clients View a distinguished cross-section of our client base.
Clients View an index of past and current clients, and comments about our services.
Clients view graphics by requesting database information from the Server.
Clients View our client listing and find out more information about our industry suppliers.
Clients view the poses immediately after the photo session to make their selection.
Clients visit our lab for a variety of reasons.
Clients visualize their estate plan with the most basic educational materials - blocks and boxes.
Clients voluntarily contribute toward the cost of the services received.
Clients wait for family planning services.
Clients waiting for an example of a direct mail piece can simply log on and view portfolio examples.
Clients wear shorts, underwear, or other appropriate clothing to facilitate movement.
Clients willingly pay a premium for the feeling of security consistency gives.
Clients wishing to insure can obtain full details of insurance and a proposal form upon request.
Clients wonder how that kind of price can be justified, but that s the way the market is right now.
Clients work alongside volunteers, building an affordable home.
Clients work closely with vocational management specialists, employers, and family physicians.
Clients work in many different industries and occupations.
Clients work in sheltered employment or community-based supported employment programs.
Clients work with a vocational counselor to successfully choose, obtain and keep competitive jobs.
Clients work with a vocational counselor to successfully choose, obtain, and keep competitive jobs.
Clients work with senior counselors providing close attention and accountability at affordable fees.
Clients working onsite on a long-term basis are eligible for interlibrary borrowing privileges.
Clients yearn for it.
Client always runs most recent applet.
Clients always appreciate honesty and sincerity.
Clients always come first.
Clients always have money for the right person and the right project.
Clients always have ready access to and frequent contact with our partners.
Clients always have the option of mailing any information they wish to keep confidential.
Clients always have the unconditional right to choose a lawyer of their own choice.
Clients always know the total cost of a project.
Clients always own the negatives.
Clients always receive prompt replies to telephone inquiries and timely delivery of documents.
Clients frequently are in their early teen years.
Clients frequently call after hours to check on a pet s condition.
Clients frequently call with important questions and problems.
Clients frequently censor verbal information.
Clients frequently cite the location as a positive factor in their treatment experience.
Clients frequently comment favorably about the soothing therapeutic effects of the music.
Clients frequently comment how informative and effective the training sessions are.
Clients frequently force themselves through activities without being psychologically present.
Clients frequently minimize the meaning of their unproductive actions.
Clients frequently present themselves decades after the abuse has taken place.
Clients frequently report an renewed comfort with their bodies.
Clients frequently request further information about their disease or diagnosis.
Clients frequently request that solid assays be certified by a registered assayer.
Clients frequently return to the injection of black market opiates.
Clients frequently tweak the lines to reflect their customers tendencies.
Clients often acknowledge that substance abuse has been a problem in the past.
Clients often ask how security analysts evaluate customer security.
Clients often ask if their dog has a fever.
Clients often ask what quantifiable results they can reasonably expect from a web site.
Clients often ask whether being in litigation prevents discussion of settlement.
Clients often ask whether their intake of calcium is adequate.
Clients often ask why their pets, usually dogs, drink out of the toilet.
Clients often bring in pieces that they have either inherited, or have purchased.
Clients often call their attorney daily with reports regarding what occurred the previous night.
Clients often can obtain information about donors' tastes, as well.
Clients often complain about legal fees.
Clients often desire or are required to have an outside evaluator for a project or program.
Clients often discuss drug and alcohol use when in the company of their own peers.
Clients often drop in just to see what it s all about.
Clients often feel disenfranchised and disempowered.
Clients often feel love, affection, and even sexual attraction toward their therapists.
Clients often find art therapy helpful when they feel unable to articulate their concerns in words.
Clients often find the period after oral agreement but prior to written agreement very trying.
Clients often have an unrealistic view of the task.
Clients often have to do community service.
Clients often like to have the opportunity to provide feedback in their own words.
Clients often look for specific solutions for their needs.
Clients often mention charter yachts which they have seen on the internet.
Clients often phrase questions as requests.
Clients often react violently, and thereafter trust neither wrasse nor the wrasse-mimicking blenny.
Clients often recite stories of their personal shopper coming through in the clutch.
Clients often report feeling a renewed sense of meaning, purpose and direction in their lives .
Clients often report increased energy as well as an enhanced sense of clarity and focus.
Clients often require that the consultants they hire furnish proof of professional liability.
Clients often respond much better to proposals that present their messages clearly.
Clients often retain the firm when they first learn they are under investigation.
Clients often say they saw it coming .
Clients often see several therapists during the course of their care.
Clients often select the vendor with the best ad, that's life.
Clients often show up stuck or derailed.
Clients often speak of wanting the meanest, most aggressive lawyer they can find.
Clients often take one or more cards to pass along to friends, so think about it.
Clients often think that lawyers are in the stationery business.
Clients often turn to their attorney for emotional support.
Clients often urge their attorneys to savage their spouse.
Clients often use properties to communicate with each other.
Clients often wish to attract a particular lover or to ensure the fidelity of a spouse.
Clients often wonder whether they can make changes to their own site after it has been completed.
Clients often wonder why they no longer love someone they once adored.
Clients often work in synergy with each other.
Clients sometimes are reluctant to schedule a negotiations session.
Clients sometimes fool consultants, too.
Clients sometimes think they can outsmart the other lawyer by bending the truth in their favor.
Clients sometimes think they have no choice when none of the available choices score well.
Clients usually can provide documents to verify their other income.
Clients usually choose a medical course of action on the advice of their veterinarian.
Clients usually combine the orienteering with a barbecue, picnic or catered food.
Clients usually come once a week.
Clients usually detox within three days.
Clients usually feel terrible guilt about their bingeing and purging.
Clients usually have no understanding at all of what design is.
Clients usually have some type of proprietary process or product.
Clients usually have to have their own experiences first.
Clients usually know the going rate for contract technical writers.
Clients usually know when they have mastered and ameliorated their traumatic memories.
Clients usually prefer to pay on a per-project basis.
Clients usually present an agenda of items to be discussed in advance.
Clients usually rely on attorneys to select valuation experts.
All client accounts on our site are free.
All clients agree to a three-month minimum contract.
All clients agree to the terms of the Client Agreement when using our service.
All clients also receive an email confirmation after a call is submitted and completed.
All clients also receive free cjarts, quotes and research.
All clients are attractive.
All clients are Bay Area-based.
All clients are colleges or universities.
All clients are completely liable for all charges.
All clients are computer manufacturers and software companies.
All clients are different.
All clients are eligible for clothing.
All clients are eligible for unlimited rides of unlimited distance within the service area.
All clients are firm clients.
All clients are free of charge.
All clients are prepared with a brief safety lesson and given a colored trail map.
All clients are responsible for backing up their own files separately.
All clients are responsible for obtaining their own visa.
All clients are responsible for payment of their own groceries.
All clients are responsible to cover all shipping costs.
All clients are satisfied with services.
All clients are setup using recurring billing.
All clients are state employee's or family members of state employees.
All clients are stateless up to caching.
All clients are thieves.
All clients are trained to reverse opioid overdose with naloxone.
All clients are welcome.
All clients bases the query on all activity for all clients and domains served.
All clients bring their life circumstances to bear on financial planning.
All clients can be anonymous.
All clients can keep an eye on their hits and bandwith.
All clients contract directly with the parent bank.
All clients differ in their needs and challenges, but repeatable solutions remain common.
All clients display the same messages.
All clients do is distribute the paychecks in their sealed envelopes to each employee.
All clients eat meals together, have daily morning meetings and weekly therapy sessions.
All clients enjoy a superior export service with maximum guarantees.
All clients enjoy field trips and tours as they relate to their respective areas of interest.
All clients entering the property do so at their own risk.
All clients experience a loss of inches in addition to clean and smooth skin.
All clients follow a treatment plan that is individualized.
All clients get a choice of cheeses from the trolley with appropriate trimmings.
All clients get the offer of music tailored as precisely as possible to their requirements.
All clients have a right to privacy.
All clients have access to their email on-line anywhere in the world through an Internet connection.
All clients have goals personalized to meet their communication needs.
All clients have mental health diagnosis and behavior problems.
All clients have multiple locations, and are continuing to expand.
All clients have on line access to the latest dealing prices.
All clients have rights and responsibilities under various laws.
All clients have some form of day placement activity away from their house.
All clients have the right to request a hearing.
All clients have to be helped, even if they reject religion.
All clients implement some aspect of the location service.
All clients know now that the Internet is going to be a part of how they do business.
All clients maintain complete control of their newsletters and opt-in lists.
All clients maintain complete ownership of all portfolio assets at all times.
All clients now have the option of managing and accessing their own e-mail accounts online.
All clients participate in counseling directed by the court.
All clients provide a profile that helps employees get to know the customer.
All clients receive a comprehensive service regardless of the nature or value of the lots involved.
All clients receive a free consultation.
All clients receive a free fixed format home page.
All clients receive a local anesthesia which numbs the cervix.
All clients receive a quarterly newsletter summarising recent legal developments.
All clients receive access to real-time reporting of ad statistics.
All clients receive all of the data collected at the server.
All clients receive an estimate of charges before the patient is admitted.
All clients receive assessment, counseling, and job-search assistance.
All clients receive complete activity reports confirming that faxes have been received.
All clients receive comprehensive position reports on a monthly basis by email, fax or post.
All clients receive customized attention from specialists working in the primary Eurasian languages.
All clients receive free technical support via e-mail and voice.
All clients receive full and professional marketing support to aid sales.
All clients receive job placement assistance apon nearing completion of training.
All clients receive one consultation session at no charge.
All Clients receive one or more private telephone numbers.
All clients receive psychotherapy from an expert in suicidal behaviors and personality disorders.
All clients receive questionnaires when a matter is finished.
All clients receive the necessary information to make decisions regarding their new home.
All clients receive the same degree of devotion and commitment.
All clients receive the source code in obfuscated form.
All clients receive their bill via email.
All clients receive tracking forms for their personal use during a mailing.
All clients receive tracking forms for their personal use during mailings.
All clients receive two originals, except by prior arrangement.
All clients receive video and sound from everybody else.
All clients seem to have limited budgets.
All clients share access to the available fonts.
All clients share the same bandwidth.
All clients share the same lines.
All clients sign an informed consent and fee agreement.
All clients sleep on the floor, with a mat and blanket.
All clients start at a basic level and progress as their abilities dictate.
All clients subject to final credit card billing.
All clients then assume that they are all on the same subnet and ARP for every address.
All clients work with staff on relapse prevention from the time of admission through discharge.
Any client can access, create, delete, or read any shared msg, memory segment, or semaphore.
Any client can communicate with any other client via their respective servers.
Any client can obtain data with guaranteed matching time-stamps from multiple servers.
Any client can read or modify any object.
Any client can scroll down the list of pictures and look for a 'love connection'.
Any client can talk to any other device, including another client.
Any client can use any server, provided both client and server use the X protocol.
Any client has the right to have anyone present during their massage.
Any client using another client's userid and password is subject to disciplinary action.
Any clients driving out can drive right to our bases of operation.
Every client accessing that application can get a reference to it.
Every client brings a unique set of goals, preferences, expectations, and budget considerations.
Every client clearly attributes their increase to the installation of our annual donor wall.
Every client demands a different strategy.
Every client deserves a fresh approach.
Every client deserves enthusiastic, professional support from start to finish.
Every client deserves special attention, whether small or large.
Every client gets a unique program crafted to serve the client s specific needs.
Every client gets personal attention.
Every client gets personal, one on one attention.
Every client gets VIP treatment.
Every client has a different and unique situation.
Every client has a different set of needs and goals.
Every client has a full-time customer service representative in addition to their agent.
Every client has a particular favorite method.
Every client has a problem or a challenge.
Every client has a unique message that they want to communicate to web site visitors.
Every client has access to all of our services.
Every client has different circumstances and, rightly, demands an individual approach.
Every client has different needs and goals.
Every client has different needs, and every project is unique.
Every client has different needs, just as every product has different needs.
Every client has different needs, objectives and resources and therefore a different service fee.
Every client has different needs.
Every client has different objectives.
Every client has exactly one unique file descriptor and a slot in the client array.
Every client has individual needs.
Every client has needs different from other clients.
Every client has special needs that pertain to their industry, product, or service.
Every client has the opportunity to choose their doctor.
Every client has the right to be free from abuse or humiliation.
Every client has the right to be treated with dignity.
Every client has the right to be treated with respect.
Every client has the right to complete anonymity throughout our sessions together.
Every client has the right to confidentiality of service given and records kept.
Every client has the right to have and express emotions.
Every client has the right to have input regarding treatment plan.
Every client has the right to professional quality service.
Every client has the right to safety and feelings of safety in counseling sessions.
Every client has the right to say 'no'.
Every client has unique requirements.
Every client has web development needs.
Every client have to wait until their turn to be served by the server.
Every client is a door waiting to be opened and for more business to come walking through.
Every client is an ideal reference.
Every client is assigned a customer support team to provide responsive, hands-on service.
Every client is assigned a personal account representative.
Every client is assured of personal attention.
Every client is called every ten days.
Every client is different and has a different combination of experiences and presenting conditions.
Every client is different and has different goals.
Every client is different and our strategies reflect that.
Every client is different and the length of time varies with each individual.
Every client is different depending on their particular situation.
Every client is different therefore every page is different.
Every client is different, and has individual tastes.
Every client is different.
Every client is entitled to our best work, delivered on time and on budget.
Every client is entitled to receive their building on schedule.
Every client is evaluated thoroughly and placed on an individualized program.
Every client is exclusive and treated as such.
Every client is given a personalized plan to achieve their dream of homeownership.
Every client is given our individual attention to address the pain and suffering of mental illness.
Every client is important.
Every client is our most important client.
Every client is provided with a specially designed plan.
Every client is served by agents with in-depth knowledge of the client and the client's needs.
Every client is served by an experienced consultant who truly knows the client.
Every client is special.
Every client is told to think of their workspace like the cockpit of a plane.
Every client is treated as a VIP and recieves the finest service the industry has to offer.
Every client is treated like an important client because every client is an important client.
Every client is treated like they are our only client.
Every client is treated with a high degree of honesty and professionalism.
Every client is unique and deserves a unique service.
Every client is unique and needs individualized services.
Every client is unique and so are their needs.
Every client is unique as are their requirements.
Every client is unique with specific needs.
Every client is unique.
Every client knows they have paid exactly the same as everybody else.
Every client knows what it takes to build market share and profitability.
Every client looks good, downloads rapidly, and is easy to find on search engines.
Every client offers something unique.
Every client presents a different set of physical, technical and psychological problems to solve.
Every client receives a comment brochure.
Every client receives counseling at the time of the test results.
Every client receives excellent quality and on time delivery.
Every client receives personal attention, practical advice, and videotaped practice opportunities.
Every client receives premium customer service and extended tech support.
Every client saves both time and money through an effective fleet management system.
Every client wants something a little different, a little new.
Many Clients often do a poor job negotiating for themselves.
Many clients also describe fatigue as a constant dragging feelinng.
Many clients appreciate being asked for their opinion.
Many clients are a hairbreadth away from returning to welfare.
Many clients are active in national and international markets.
Many clients are also patients at local medical centers.
Many clients are children and grandchildren of original customers.
Many clients are concerned about computer software problems in the new millennium.
Many clients are economic development or community affairs departments within private companies.
Many clients are elderly.
Many clients are from the small business and education sectors.
Many clients are highly active and committed to the centre.
Many clients are incapable of giving a proper brief.
Many clients are individuals who sell specialty products and wish to extend their product reach.
Many clients are interested in the idea of buying a property at auction.
Many clients are male labourers from rural areas, with quite low earnings.
Many clients are receptive to being given a choice.
Many clients are reluctant to sell assets with losses to offset a gain.
Many clients are self-employed.
Many clients are simply amazed.
Many clients are so satisfied with the results that they request return engagements for each year.
Many clients are unable and some are unwilling to complete the forms and the application process.
Many clients are unable to verbalize.
Many clients are unaware that they are being hypnotized.
Many clients are uncomfortable when being confronted by a reporter, camera, or microphone.
Many clients are willing to pay a premium for top-quality wearables.
Many clients are willing to purchase the device outright.
Many clients ask for such a device, but none are available.
Many clients benefit from a single session with a counselor.
Many clients bring neoprene or rubber gloves to keep their hands warm.
Many clients change their programs seasonally, or four times per year.
Many clients choose one of our effective maintenance packages that are listed below.
Many clients choose their children, either as co-trustees, or in a particular order of succession.
Many clients choose to foal out their own mares since the weather is usually good.
Many clients choose to review our plan book and select a plan that best suits their needs.
Many clients choose to schedule a follow-up appointment to track program progress.
Many clients come for one-off events, such as a wedding or a job interview.
Many clients come from outside London.
Many clients come on the recommendations of other therapists and clients.
Many clients come pre-programmed with server names.
Many clients comment on our employee's good character and their management techniques.
Many clients commit to regular appointments.
Many clients complain they actually have more work now.
Many clients contact the office to get assistance to prevent conflict from occurring.
Many clients continue to stay with their favorite ships or cruise line.
Many clients create products to capture specific advertising verbiage.
Many clients currently are on the East Coast in the Washington D.C. area.
Many clients deal with anxiety, panic, stress, and depression.
Many clients delay seeking treatment for years due to shame or denial.
Many clients depend on the agency for transportation to and from medical appointments.
Many clients desire a home that represents a particular style.
Many clients desire to initiate the building process before moving to Tucson.
Many clients do tip at the end of the evening to show their satisfaction with our performance.
Many clients do.
Many clients enrol in our service early in their high school career.
Many clients enroll in our service early in their high school career.
Many clients expect to get answers from the practitioner.
Many clients experience great relief in finally having a chance to talk with a professional.
Many clients feel that their sites are ground zero for new users.
Many clients feel the most difficult part of designing a web site is visualization and planning.
Many clients feel the same way and welcome the opportunity.
Many clients find funding through grants, foundations and corporate support.
Many clients find our benchmarking capabilities of great interest.
Many clients find that onsite training is a more cost effective way to train.
Many clients find that the worksheet is powerful preparation for upcoming job interviews.
Many clients find that their existing facility has sufficient space but that it needs to be updated.
Many clients find that varying circumstances require different levels of search priority.
Many clients find the audio feature useful in helping to diagnose and rectify nuisance alarm causes.
Many clients find their existing control frameworks are no longer effective.
Many clients focus on getting the lowest premiums and eliminating unnecessary coverage.
Many clients go into shock when they see their invoice.
Many clients have already prepared text, they wish to use to deliver their message.
Many clients have an information request page right there.
Many clients have combined promotion and maintenance packages.
Many clients have concerns about child custody, housing, testamentary issues, or insurance coverage.
Many clients have families as well that benefit from services.
Many clients have health problems that can constitute exculpatory evidence in a drunk driving case.
Many clients have homes in more than one state.
Many clients have in-house experts.
Many clients have learning problems, come from dysfunctional families or are illiterate.
Many clients have limited resources to find the best candidates to fill their staffing needs.
Many clients have little or no experience with financial matters.
Many clients have little or no kayaking experience while others are quite experienced.
Many clients have long-term relationships with the company.
Many clients have problems after retaining an attorney.
Many clients have specific topics of interest and time can be proportioned accordingly.
Many clients have tax problems resulting from the failure to pay payroll taxes.
Many clients have trouble reaching their caseworkers by phone.
Many clients inquire about firms' hourly fees.
Many clients install a link to it on their company intranets.
Many clients lack the resources and knowledge to manage IT projects.
Many clients leave invoices for services rendered unpaid for many months.
Many clients like to pack their own clothing, for example.
Many clients like to start simple and let it evolve.
Many clients live alone at home in our community.
Many clients notice a great improvement in as much as a few days and many within three weeks.
Many clients now expect appropriate nutritional support to be provided to their hospitalized pets.
Many clients now go on to further qualify as advanced, rescue and specialty divers.
Many clients operate retail stalls in open markets.
Many clients opt for invisible counters.
Many clients order the following reports on the job categories shown here.
Many clients pay a much lower rate if their income is limited.
Many clients pay no direct service fees because the earnings credit exceeds their expenses.
Many clients prefer a standing appointment time.
Many clients prefer customized packages that provide only the information they request.
Many clients prefer e-mail as their favorite method of contact.
Many clients prefer fees to be base on hourly rates.
Many clients prefer having their strategic counsel local.
Many clients prefer paying for their own treatment to eliminate influence from an outsider.
Many clients prefer the convenience of an entire display on one roll of paper.
Many clients prefer to avoid the anxiety of wagering their lives on a judge's decision.
Many clients prefer to focus on one subject, receiving a video and a leader guide for each month.
Many clients prefer to have their logo as a part of the background.
Many clients prefer to have their survey conducted by telephone.
Many clients prefer to have their training delivered in a more tailored way.
Many clients prefer to learn at their own workstation.
Many clients prefer to relax in a warm shower or bath before their massage.
Many clients prefer to take the lead in terms of the overall functional design of a project.
Many clients receive friendly visits in addition to their meals.
Many clients recognize the strategic value of having an integrated communications program.
Many clients rely on the firm as a primary source for business advice and expansion.
Many clients report an expanded behavioral inventory and a new outlook on life.
Many clients report good results from back issues.
Many clients report health problems disappearing, money flowing in, abundance and good fortune.
Many clients report that they seem to learn more from a tape each time they play it.
Many clients report they develop a sensory distinction of personal openness.
Many clients require a larger database before planning can take place and they can make decisions.
Many clients require a mix of term and permanent insurance.
Many clients require a recapitulation, or summary, at the end of their bill.
Many clients require assistance in compliance with mining permit conditions.
Many clients require complex systems which include many separate interlinked files.
Many clients require the use of customized forms for specific needs.
Many clients require their law firms to carry a specified minimum limit of liability.
Many clients respect people who put family first.
Many clients return and buy books on stocks or futures every few months or even years.
Many clients ride bicycles when weather permits.
Many clients schedule monthly readings, for keeping focus.
Many clients see amazing results at the first session.
Many clients see an improvement in their first treatment.
Many clients see significant results within the first few months.
Many clients seek our advice regarding rented property, either as a tenant or landlord.
Many clients seem to be afraid of that.
Many clients select the color of their logo or a color relevant to their organization.
Many clients solicit our assistance in locating restaurants or other sites for post-tour activities.
Many clients start to overcome learning and behavioural difficulties.
Many clients successfully purchase homes and cars while on One-Pay.
Many clients take advantage of our full-service processing department.
Many clients take advantage of our services on a recurring basis.
Many clients tend to destroy what was created.
Many clients turn to smaller agenciesfor that level of attention.
Many clients use a hair system while their transplanting is being performed.
Many clients use our ancillary machines to print, scan, fax or copy.
Many clients use our facilities for testing, formulation, processing and scale-up.
Many clients utilize design services in more than one of the disciplines offered by the firm.
Many clients utilize our redirection feature.
Many clients value the close relationship with a proven leader in growth acceleration.
Many clients videotape the presentation for use on campus.
Many clients wish to push responsibility over to the consulting team.
Many clients wish to retain their foreign skilled workers on a permanent basis.
Many clients written for MUDs have additional features through which they filter the output.
More clients are in the wings.
Most clients usually reserve well in advance for discounted fares.
Most clients agree that permanent makeup procedures are far more comfortable than anticipated.
Most clients allow four or more days for fishing.
Most clients already have a method in mind when they meet with a provider.
Most clients already have a method in mind.
Most clients also face the task of paring down the accumulation of a lifetime.
Most clients appreciate the effort to clarify each party's roles and responsibilities.
Most clients are a delight to work with.
Most clients are able to jump right into it and begin reviewing immediately.
Most clients are concerned to hire the best consultant for the project.
Most clients are concerned to hire the very best consultant for the project in question.
Most clients are dual income, with both working.
Most clients are dually diagnosed, so substance abuse counseling is available.
Most clients are fast to shelter themselves away from others and from normal activity.
Most clients are genuinely appreciative.
Most clients are graduate students and faculty in the statutory colleges engaged in research.
Most clients are here for the very popular network games.
Most clients are honest about their needs.
Most clients are ignorant about what constitutes good legal service.
Most clients are in New England, heavily weighted toward Vermont.
Most clients are in the cable and wireless market in the United Kingdom.
Most clients are in western Japan.
Most clients are indigent.
Most clients are interested in building USB to Parallel printer cable systems.
Most clients are keen to find information quickly.
Most clients are manufacturing companies.
Most clients are more afraid than anything else.
Most clients are paranoid enough without having ghosts to worry about.
Most clients are pleased to find they have many more options than they thought they did.
Most clients are private pay.
Most clients are public entities ie, governments, utility districts, school districts, etc.
Most clients are satisfied with the services received.
Most clients are small agencies that have been ignored by private vendors.
Most clients are small to medium sized companies in industry and service fields.
Most clients are so wealthy and famous that security is of the utmost importance.
Most clients are surprised at how little it hurts though, likening it to pulling off a bandage.
Most clients are too pastel.
Most clients are unaware of how much the investment advice they receive actually costs.
Most clients are unaware of that presence before undergoing the exploration process.
Most clients are unhappy with the result.
Most clients are up and running in minutes.
Most clients are up and running within two weeks of when initial training begins.
Most clients are very reliable in bringing the notebook to each session.
Most clients are worried about the cost of hiring a lawyer.
Most clients are young victims of traumatic injury.
Most clients ask their attorney to prepare the deeds to transfer real estate into the trust.
Most clients associate online advertising with only banner and email advertising.
Most clients benefit from dietary changes immediately.
Most clients buy the domestic version and use adaptors bought at home.
Most clients can have their e-mail systems set up and running within a few days.
Most clients can launch their online storefronts in several days.
Most clients change brokers because of poor customer service.
Most clients choose only to verify the highest levels of academic achievement.
Most clients choose the Yes option below, because it is more customer-friendly.
Most clients choose to write all of their content.
Most clients come in with a problem.
Most clients come pre-configured with a number of server addresses.
Most clients come to family planning clinics seeking contraceptive services.
Most clients complete their programs at least once each treatment day.
Most clients do want to stay in touch, or at least be able to get in touch quickly.
Most clients enjoy wearing their gem bangle above the bicep.
Most clients experience benefits within days to several months.
Most clients experience productivity boosts after the first week.
Most clients fall asleep and feel refreshed following the treatment.
Most clients fall somewhere in between, with an eclectic mix of items.
Most clients feel rejuvenated upon waking from the relaxed state.
Most clients find a roommate within a few days to a week.
Most clients find that a small number of treatments are adequate even for long-standing complaints.
Most clients find that their health insurance covers a large portion of the cost.
Most clients find the conversation flowing quite naturally once things get rolling.
Most clients focus research on product, demographic and industry information.
Most clients give their children or other beneficiaries their inheritances directly.
Most clients go to lawyers only when there is a problem that is stressful.
Most clients gracefully upgrade and retain old option files.
Most clients harbor the misconception that appraisers also authenticate.
Most clients have a in built list of servers to pick from.
Most clients have a long term addiction with multiple prior attempts at rehabilitation.
Most clients have a way to obtain help while using the client.
Most clients have address books and mailbox features.
Most clients have adequate collateral material which simply needs a face lift.
Most clients have existing arrangements with hardware vendors.
Most clients have fields of information that are only for internal use.
Most clients have issues or problems, which require knowledge of numerous fields within the law.
Most clients have no idea that their lifetime or business losses run into the millions.
Most clients have the perception that their financial advisor always acts in their best interest.
Most clients have unique needs and many questions about our services.
Most clients have very diverse environments.
Most clients holding seller's permits are candidates for sales tax consulting services.
Most clients know what their problems are.
Most clients leave with a hard copy and a soft copy.
Most clients listen to their tape several times, for added insight and enjoyment.
Most clients love to be mentioned in the newsletter.
Most clients move into a denial phase.
Most clients only have access to certain databases.
Most clients only pick up the phone if the news is bad.
Most clients only request a change if they have forgotten their password.
Most clients opt for a standard termite treatment.
Most clients order r sum editing or writing, a cover letter and a keyword r sum .
Most clients participate in one of three vocational programs.
Most clients pay by credit card.
Most clients pay for their first year of hosting in advance to save on the set up fees.
Most clients pay with credit cards.
Most clients place a duplication order rather than rely on duplicates on file.
Most clients prefer that the debtor makes the check payable to our agency.
Most clients prefer to solve their problems as quickly as possible.
Most clients qualify for pro bono services.
Most clients realize that what they're buying first and foremost is radio.
Most clients receive concomitant treatment with conventional medications.
Most clients receive full banking facilities free of charge.
Most clients receive full reimbursement for their losses.
Most clients receive remedial tutoring in reading, focusing on word attack skills and comprehension.
Most clients remain committed to their firms.
Most clients report best results with weekly visits.
Most clients report feeling better, right after their first session.
Most clients report immediate relief.
Most clients report that after first session they are going to sleep more quickly.
Most clients report that the process transforms their experience of communication.
Most clients report that they experience a transformation in communication as a result of a consult.
Most clients report that tweezing and waxing cause more discomfort.
Most clients require multiple integrated applications rather than single applications.
Most clients return a hit on a file if any one of the search keywords match the file.
Most clients see a noticeable thinning of waxed areas after only a few visits.
Most clients select activities from more than one menu.
Most clients set up a set of nested folders on the server's data hard drive.
Most clients settle for a good quality, mono linear track.
Most clients show status messages while they're handling mail.
Most clients sleep, watch relaxing videos or read a book.
Most clients start by just considering their life-styles.
Most clients start off by carefully planning their projects.
Most clients start with one of our published packages .
Most clients struggle with the balance and yet are passionate about telling stories.
Most clients take the opportunity to cull and sort the collection.
Most clients think that the cheapest way to handle a lawsuit is to avoid it.
Most clients use an order header and order detail file format.
Most clients use email forwarding.
Most clients use more than one consulting firm to meet their various needs.
Most clients use separate fields for the username and mailhostname entries.
Most clients utilize a lock box service available through their financial institution.
Most clients walk in asking to get rid of something.
Most clients wear sweat pants, t-shirts, leggings and leotards.
Most clients worry about the cost of hiring a lawyer.
Some clients accept such attributes on tags that are otherwise benign.
Some clients already have a site.
Some clients also benefit from individual counseling.
Some Clients also manage their server remotely in their own office.
Some clients also notice physical improvements like increased balance, strength and flexibility.
Some clients also perform their own spectrum of tests on receipt of samples and shipments.
Some clients also prefer to pay their lawyers on a sliding scale.
Some clients also report depression and sleep disorders.
Some clients are able to find copies at their local library at no charge.
Some clients are able to put their whole product line on the web.
Some clients are appropriate for a treatment plan that includes the moderate use of substances.
Some clients are downloadable that can only be configured by the sysadmin.
Some clients are easier to use than others.
Some clients are elderly, some have a mental illness.
Some clients are even prepared to wait upto three years for a box.
Some clients are happy with that kind of service.
Some clients are hundreds of miles away.
Some clients are incapable of respecting their own or other's interests.
Some clients are more averse to paying capital gains taxes than holding volatile assets.
Some clients are prominent physicians who are well known in their area of expertise.
Some clients are reluctant to discuss domestic violence.
Some clients are satisfied with a straightforward API-based evaluation of their devices.
Some clients are set up quicker, usually says on the card somewhere, hopefully.
Some clients are shy about telling their needs, purposes, or hopes.
Some clients are silent and passive.
Some clients are smarter than others.
Some clients are too intimidated to ask their lawyers the following types of questions.
Some clients are unable or unwilling to complete the forms and the application process.
Some clients are uneasy with female professionals.
Some clients are up in arms because of offensive programming.
Some clients are very sensitive to any perceived favouritism towards one or other group.
Some clients are willing and able to pay full price for family planning services.
Some clients are willing to learn how to make their own changes.
Some clients are willing to pay more than others.
Some clients are wonderful and others are stinky.
Some clients ask for high gloss finishes and a clear urethane is the perfect choice.
Some clients ask if the students can produce a professional plan.
Some clients assume that lower numbers are safer.
Some clients attend only a few times.
Some clients believe a more productive environment helps their bottom line.
Some clients benefit enormously from being mentioned in online discussion groups and forums.
Some clients benefit just from having their metaphors developed with a few clean questions.
Some clients buy a home in the new city before they move.
Some clients call once, put everything in the attorneys hands, and relax.
Some clients call with legal problems that can best be resolved outside the legal aid system.
Some clients can feel benefits from taking velvet almost immediately.
Some Clients Can.
Some clients choose six-month renewal invoices, or a quarterly schedule.
Some clients choose to float in the flotation room in complete silence.
Some clients choose to form their business as a partnership.
Some clients choose to hire their own professional services.
Some clients choose to purchase audio tour equipment outright, including players and recharge racks.
Some clients claim that it takes much longer to obtain a PO than it does to get their prototypes.
Some clients come in and they're like, totally into the whole relaxation thing.
Some clients come in every other week.
Some clients come to a treatment in turmoil or wracked by doubt.
Some clients demand more choices.
Some clients deposit more initially and some less.
Some clients describe the feeling as panic.
Some clients describe their experiences from conception and how they bonded with the fertilized egg.
Some clients desire ten minute coaching sessions per day, others only half hour per week.
Some clients develop a spontaneous habit of producing speech in the correct way at all times.
Some clients do two Scrimmages a month.
Some clients even prefer a higher payment, thus accelerating liquidation.
Some clients even use it as a form of simple email by posting items to others calendars.
Some clients exist only on the web, others are on private networks in a common office environment.
Some clients feel free to pay late, others never pay at all.
Some clients feel intimidated by the permanence of writing.
Some clients feel vulnerable, anxious, oversensitive, crying, have vivid dreams or nightmares.
Some clients find it easier to convey thoughts and emotions through art than by verbal avenues.
Some clients find the experience to be cathartic and spiritual as well.
Some clients find the structure of the legal profession in England and Wales strange.
Some clients force service names into upper case.
Some clients go very deep even in the first session, while others only experience a light trance.
Some clients have a type of developmental disorder as well.
Some clients have a vendor with whom they have a preferred relationship.
Some clients have an expectation that mental health staff are there to be assaulted.
Some clients have criminal backgrounds, or alcohol and drug problems.
Some clients have difficulty expressing or coping with emotions.
Some clients have disabilities and the Internet is the key for self-sufficiency.
Some clients have good ability with imagination and some have poor.
Some clients have language problems.
Some clients have legacy systems with proprietary electronic images.
Some clients have legal difficulties, family discord or employment and financial complications.
Some clients have multiple windows that interact with each other.
Some clients have no disorder and only wish to improve their present functioning.
Some clients have no knowledge of any financial particulars.
Some clients have problems complying with the law.
Some clients have problems with the dir and ls commands.
Some clients have specialized needs.
Some clients have specific goals that require a specific approach.
Some clients have specific preferences for a particular lender.
Some clients have the power to deliver The most influential factor is the client.
Some clients have to bring their children because childcare can be an issue.
Some Clients have very strict processes for submitting and talking directly to their Managers.
Some clients have weight management goals, desiring to gain or lose weight.
Some clients have yet to transition from a risk management to a risk prevention philosophy.
Some clients hire an attorney solely to review documents.
Some clients hold educational loans.
Some clients hold things back, unwittingly or otherwise.
Some clients however are most comfortable making themselves students of good development practice.
Some clients initially believe that taxis are too expensive.
Some clients just let their account run out and their keywords are taken off line.
Some clients just use one program all year round, and update it once a year.
Some clients keep in touch for updates every few years or so.
Some clients know exactly what they want.
Some clients leave their wheelchair behind for many activities.
Some clients let their landscapes go and some clients installed even more landscape.
Some clients lie about their age, or sometimes harried workers forget to ask.
Some clients like to know everything that happens.
Some clients like to know their body fat percentage.
Some clients like to remain quiet, while others like to talk throughout the healing.
Some clients like to use e-mail to communicate with their agents.
Some clients live alone or without a full-time caregiver.
Some clients look to computer consulting firms to provide, for example, only hardware maintenance.
Some clients lose all homemaking and personal care services in two stages.
Some clients love the exposure that a well-designed flash site can bring to their company.
Some clients maintain sophisticated in-house intellectual property programs.
Some clients maintain there own sites.
Some clients merely seek information on new or old projects.
Some clients offer the program on a optional, payroll deducted basis.
Some clients only worry about the first rule.
Some clients operate in two countries only, others have a presence across continents.
Some clients opt for a combination of methods for safekeeping documents.
Some clients opt for Gold certification.
Some clients prefer a less conventional pose, like the one shown to the left.
Some clients prefer ethnic foods.
Some clients prefer making their own tax deposits and find our tax alert reporting invaluable.
Some clients prefer one term over the other.
Some clients prefer small, intimate ships.
Some clients prefer to borrow against their securities.
Some clients prefer to do their own journaling.
Some clients prefer to edit the spider list manually.
Some clients prefer to give a gratuity in the treatment room at the end of their service.
Some clients prefer to keep their underwear on.
Some clients prefer to pay as they go.
Some clients prefer to pay hourly, or to pay in a combination of hourly fees and contingency fees.
Some clients prefer to perform their own reference and background checks.
Some clients prefer to review the research within the comfort of their office via conference call.
Some clients prefer to see if a website is right for a particular business.
Some clients prefer to work that way.
Some clients provide extensive, free support via telephone, Internet and e-mail.
Some clients qualify for payment arrangements or credit.
Some clients qualify for reduced fees.
Some clients realize that they didn t have balance in their life.
Some clients really do their research well.
Some clients really turn themselves around.
Some clients refuse or drop out of treatment altogether.
Some clients refuse to authorize billable time for online research.
Some clients report literally losing sight of what they want and who they think they are.
Some clients request additional pages be added.
Some clients request only consultation and facilitation services.
Some clients request that a photo or certificate of completion be included or substituted.
Some clients require constant care and supervision.
Some clients require more intensive services in order to make a successful transition to employment.
Some clients require residential facilities that have on-grounds schools.
Some clients require site updates just a few times during the year.
Some clients require total assistance with care to maintain their current living arrangements.
Some clients require two people evaluate a property together.
Some clients return for accommodation more than once.
Some clients seek a session during stress or crisis.
Some clients show up late for career counseling sessions.
Some clients speak for the first time when riding.
Some clients speak of other previous lives they lived.
Some clients spend several days each month collecting repetitive documentation to prove eligibility.
Some clients start execution by installing a bunch of strings as atoms for later use.
Some clients stay in halfway houses, which offers closer supervision.
Some clients stay perfectly silent listening to the music that is played during the work.
Some clients still like to get their information in person.
Some clients still prefer to be presented with more traditional methods of delivery.
Some clients support the -ln flag, to execute the user's profile for the shell being initiated.
Some clients take a proactive approach, while others are reacting to a breach of security.
Some clients take an active role in developing their own personal investment strategies.
Some clients take months to treat.
Some clients take our design and implement it themselves using their own staff.
Some clients then take our design and implement it themselves using their own staff.
Some clients think that falling click-through rates mean declining effectiveness.
Some clients use a tape recorder to play back their positive messages.
Some clients use contests or give-aways.
Some clients use different types of print, which imply very different rates.
Some clients use drop down list to organize many products.
Some clients use email.
Some clients use it on eczema, psoriasis and fungal infections.
Some clients use pass-through variables to track where the customer came from.
Some clients use shtml.dll instead of shtml.exe .
Some clients use the holistic approach to deal with ailments.
Some clients use their coach as an inexpensive insurance policy.
Some clients view their projects through the bottom line costs.
Some clients wear shorts, some their underwear, and some clients prefer to wear nothing at all.
Some clients wish to maintain a confidential relationship.
Some clients wish to provide for an illegitimate child.
Some clients work as receptionists while others help clean up the center.
Some clients wrap to the display window, some display a horizontal scroll bar.
Clients computer locks up when opening a wordperfect attachment.
Clients confidentiality is protected.
Clients programs are programs which contact the server to search the database.
Clients software is available for various operating systems with similar access capabilities.
Cliff divers risk life.
A cliff dwelling is a home
Cliff dwellings are accessible by short hikes from the river.
Cliff dwellings are dwellings.
Cliff dwellings are open air.
Cliff dwellings can be two to three stories high.
Cliff dwellings line the canyon beyond the pueblo.
Some cliff dwellings face the lake, and other prehistoric sites are found in the area.
Cliff house has a two night minimum or one night by chance.
Cliff notes are just as easy to cop as an online essay.
A cliff swallow is a swallow
Cliff swallows are among the native species that benefit from human presence.
Cliff swallows are swallows.
Cliff swallows construct mud nests on the cliff walls, as do hawks and eagles.
Cliff swallows exhibit similar behavior.
Cliff swallows make their nests out of mud primarily beneath the edges of barn roofs.
Cliff swallows spend the winter months in South America.
A cliff is a formation
Cliff also coordinates recruitment and recognition activities for volunteers.
Cliff also has a summer outfitting company and takes summer canoe trips to remote regions of Canada.
Cliff also plays an active role in the Michigan livestock industry.
Cliff appears to be malfunctioning, experiencing hallucinations and other anomalous phenomena.
Cliff arrives at the party with the smuggled suitcase.
Cliff buys it with electric eel.
Cliff delivers babies for a living and has an office at home.
Cliff digs deep to find the unconventional wisdom in the marketplace.
Cliff dives to drift dives.
Cliff drives a bus.
Cliff edges and the ice-cold waters of Lake Superior can be hazardous.
Cliff encounters theft in the art world, in Purchased Sight Unseen .
Cliff enjoys all family activities, organic gardening, camping bicycling, teaching and Bible study.
Cliff enjoys gardening, fishing, traveling, listening to music, and playing golf.
Cliff enjoys outdoor activities like fishing and hiking.
Cliff exposures around the entirety of the island provide excellent exposures.
Cliff faces host an interesting community of ferns, forbs, and shrubs.
Cliff hangs on to the flagpole before mooning the campus.
Cliff has a congenital heart condition that requires an echocardiogram.
Cliff has a diverse background.
Cliff has a hiking page.
Cliff has a strong sense of what makes a school function effectively.
Cliff has a strong standing both in the New Jersey and international business markets.
Cliff has all the advertising completed.
Cliff has an interest in producing business related videos such as business opportunity videos.
Cliff has cancer.
Cliff has many years' experience playing in duos and bands, both electric and acoustic.
Cliff has singles for trade.
Cliff is a budding author.
Cliff is a fountain-type geyser.
Cliff is a great speaker with some really great things to say.
Cliff is a loser.
Cliff is a professional horseplayer and about as sentimental as a stone.
Cliff is a professional, yet easygoing.
Cliff is a retired high school teacher, broadcaster and publisher.
Cliff is a seasoned songwriter who has never sounded better or funnier.
Cliff is a sports enthusiast and avid golfer.
Cliff is a strong defensive forward who looks to make a solid contribution.
Cliff is a strong singer, an amazing writer and a great guitarist.
Cliff is a switched network environment.
Cliff is a versatile player who can play all of the front court positions.
Cliff is a wonderful person and one of the most respected gentlemen in the game of hockey.
Cliff is an active airplane and glider pilot.
Cliff is an excellent facilitator.
Cliff is an extremely experienced commercial property solicitor.
Cliff is an inspiring educator, as well as a skilled dancer in a wide array of traditions.
Cliff is an investment banker.
Cliff is an outstanding facilitator.
Cliff is at home.
Cliff is dead.
Cliff is from Houston, Texas.
Cliff is frozen in mid-dash, able to see and hear as usual, but paralyzed.
Cliff is in great demand as a builder, tuner, clinician, composer and arranger.
Cliff is into stamps, antique cars and carpentry.
Cliff is involved with summer school planning.
Cliff is married and has two daughters.
Cliff is often misunderstood.
Cliff is on the beanbag in front on the floor.
Cliff is right on.
Cliff is right, of course.
Cliff is skeptical, but opts to give it a try.
Cliff is stuck in Little Rock, looking for details.
Cliff is the real deal.
Cliff is the wild child.
Cliff is upset-then happy.
Cliff isa formation.
Cliff keeps all the server hardware and software running smoothly on a daily basis.
Cliff likes to use a lot of junk defenses.
Cliff lives in Saskatchewan, Canada and knows what it's like to build houses in cold climates.
Cliff lives in Spokane, Washington.
Cliff needs to drop the stair and become the master, for now.
Cliff needs to make a deal with Tampa.
Cliff notes Online cliff note database.
Cliff offers individual and group lessons to players of all levels.
Cliff only has a short distance to carry our bodies back after the race.
Cliff performs throughout the northern part of the USA as well as Canada.
Cliff still lends a hand when needed and makes certain the timing system is working properly.
Cliff swallows burrowing nests along the shore are of special interest.
Cliff swallows feed on swarms of flying insects, and the birds routinely follow successful foragers.
Cliff swallows nest building in Brooklyn Park.
Cliff swallows nest high up on the overhanging cliffs surrounding the grotto.
Cliff teaches Harold about love and friendship.
Cliff uses a cable, instead of going wireless.
Cliff wants to be a band director or teach at the community college or university level.
Cliffs are also apparent in the background.
Cliffs are at the western end of the beach with a crescent shaped beach facing the ocean.
Cliffs are common coastal features.
Cliffs are common on coasts , in mountainous areas, escarpments and along rivers .
Cliffs are dangerous places, but look out for sites where the chalk subsoil shows through the turf.
Cliffs are formed as erosion landforms by the processes of weathering and erosion.
Cliffs are four miles high.
Cliffs are generally steep, slippery and unstable.
Cliffs are high ground.
Cliffs are known for forming major geographical features such as waterfalls .
Cliffs are known for forming major geographical features such as waterfalls.
Cliffs are liable to cracking.
Cliffs are located in waterfalls.
Cliffs are natural things.
Cliffs are the places that have escaped human disturbance.
Cliffs are very common landscape features.
Cliffs can be very dangerous.
Cliffs can have a face of bare rock or be covered by soil and plants.
Cliffs cause a desire to climbs.
Cliffs characterise west of the lake and are a tourist attraction.
Cliffs drop off hundreds of feet on both sides.
Cliffs drop straight to the sea along much of the shoreline and the island has precious few beaches.
Cliffs extend as far as the eye can see.
Cliffs form, retreating as the soft layers beneath the cap rock are eroded.
Cliffs has equity interests in five of the mines.
Cliffs have exposure.
Cliffs have southern exposure.
Cliffs keynote reviews.
Cliffs limit landing sites and can cause chaotic rebound wave conditions.
Cliffs limit landing sites and can cause chaotic rebounding wave conditions.
Cliffs line the creek's winding lower gorge.
Cliffs line the highway.
Cliffs provide optimal roosting habitat.
Cliffs provide shelter.
Cliffs resemble skyscrapers and their layers of strata become foundations.
Cliffs result from the combined action of several factors.
Cliffs retreat and are eventually cut off from the main cliff, or plateau , by basal sapping.
Cliffs seem to get much steeper on the way down than on the way up.
Cliffs soar above the resort's private beach.
Cliffs still has a decent balance sheet despite some deterioration over the last two years.
Cliffs topped with lush grasses fall to the sea.
Cliffs tower on one side, plummet down the other.
Cliffs usually develop on the edges of features found in arid environments.
Many cliffs also feature tributary waterfalls or rock shelters .
Many cliffs dry fast however, and it is traditional to climb many climbs in the rain.
Most cliffs are adjacent to fjords, bays, or glaciers and have extensive talus slopes below.
Most cliffs have exposure.
Most cliffs have some form of scree slope at their base.
Most cliffs have southern exposure.
Most cliffs provide shelter.
Some cliffs form barriers.
A cliffhanger is an instalment
Cliffhanger is our newest and most secluded cabin.
Cliffhanger is the ultimate experience for thrill seekers who think they have done it all.
Cliffhangers are contests.
Cliffhangers are episodes.
Cliffhangers has the most realistic indoor climbing wall in the country.
Cliffhangers strengthen writing, reading, and creative-thinking skills.
Clifty soils are strongly acid or very strongly acid.
A climacteric is time
Climacteric is published quarterly in one volume per year.
Climactic conditions influence precipitation and the amount of runoff generated.
Climactic control is non existent.
Climaseal finish provides excellent corrosion resistance and lower tapping torque.
Climaseali finish provides excellent corrosion resistance and lower tapping torque.
Climate activists welcome.
Climate adaptation is very important when selecting bulbs.
Climate change acts as a threat accelerator, exacerbating existing issues.
Climate change adds a serious stress to our already threatened resources and treasured places.
Climate change adds more uncertainty and demands a prudent and comprehensive approach.
Climate change affects all ecosystems and social structures.
Climate change affects all living things on planet Earth.
Climate change affects corals on many levels.
Climate change affects ecosystems today, as it has in the past.
Climate change affects everyone and everything.
Climate change affects many aspects of life on Earth.
Climate change affects physical processes on the Earth.
Climate change affects the entire globe.
Climate change brings about a global redistribution of the costs and benefits of the weather.
Climate change can add to that risk.
Climate change can also affect coastal regions.
Climate change can also aid in the dispersal of plant and crop disease.
Climate change can also effect biological diversity in several ways.
Climate change can also mean more storms, droughts, and violent weather.
Climate change can also negatively impact temperate penguin species.
Climate change can alter fitness landscapes in several ways.
Climate change can cause abrupt stepwise transitions in cool-coniferous and subarctic ecosystems.
Climate change can cause other environmental changes.
Climate change can happen for many reasons.
Climate change can have a range of impacts on physical, mental, and community health.
Climate change can increase food market volatility by affecting both supply and demand.
Climate change can mean warmer weather.
Climate change can play havoc with the use of such knowledge.
Climate change cares little for the borders drawn by man.
Climate change cares little for the borders drawn by men.
Climate change causes extinction by altering the habitats of organisms.
Climate change causes more dry years.
Climate change comes from burning fossil fuels, as released carbon traps heat in the atmosphere.
Climate change detonates the ideological scaffolding on which contemporary conservatism rests.
Climate change encompasses systematic alterations in a variety of abiotic and biotic factors.
Climate change fits the bill.
Climate change goes beyond borders and governments.
Climate change has an impact on the susceptibility of forests to infestation, as does deforestation.
Climate change has many parallels with fire suppression.
Climate change has many possible adverse effects on health, the economy and agriculture.
Climate change has measurable consequences.
Climate change has potential impacts for international security as well.
Climate change has strong geopolitical consequences.
Climate change has the potential to either aggravate or alleviate an area's water situation.
Climate change hits the insurance industry.
Climate change impacts present an important business risk to the transport sector.
Climate change includes both warming and cooling conditions.
Climate change induces a strange apathy.
Climate change induces demographic resistance to disease in novel coral assemblages.
Climate change is a big threat to all pikas.
Climate change is a case in point.
Climate change is a challenge facing both business and policymakers.
Climate change is a change in the average weather of an area.
Climate change is a change in the average weather that a given region experiences.
Climate change is a collective problem, and it demands collective action.
Climate change is a common concern of humanity.
Climate change is a complex issue for which there are no simple solutions.
Climate change is a complex issue with numerous variables.
Climate change is a complex thing.
Climate change is a complicated phenomenon, involving more than temperature changes.
Climate change is a crisis resulting from many human-induced factors.
Climate change is a critical global problem requiring global solutions.
Climate change is a critically important problem, and it's too important to start from scratch.
Climate change is a genuine and pressing national and global security issue.
Climate change is a genuinely new, freaky area for utilities.
Climate change is a global issue requiring global solutions.
Climate change is a global issue, and as such can only be effectively dealt with globally.
Climate change is a global issue.
Climate change is a global problem requiring a global solution.
Climate change is a global problem that requires a global solution.
Climate change is a global problem which needs a global agreement.
Climate change is a global problem, and requires a global solution.
Climate change is a global problem.
Climate change is a gradual shift in the average weather.
Climate change is a hot issue.
Climate change is a huge challenge.
Climate change is a legitimate worry.
Climate change is a local issue.
Climate change is a major environmental policy challenge.
Climate change is a modern theory that warns about the danger of too many greenhouse gases.
Climate change is a natural event that has occurred throughout history.
Climate change is a natural occurrence.
Climate change is a new and growing threat to wildlife migrations in the East African savannas.
Climate change is a nonpartisan issue.
Climate change is a part of nature.
Climate change is a part of the Earth's history.
Climate change is a perfect issue for symbolic battle, because it is as yet mostly invisible.
Climate change is a problem that transcends borders.
Climate change is a real and growing issue.
Climate change is a real threat, and one which can only be addressed through multilateral effort.
Climate change is a real threat, and one, which can only be addressed through multilateral effort.
Climate change is a serious consequence of man's appetite for fossil carbon.
Climate change is a serious public issue.
Climate change is a subtle process.
Climate change is a third issue of paramount importance.
Climate change is a threat to all people and all of creation.
Climate change is a threat to sustainable development.
Climate change is a topical issue in New Zealand and around the world.
Climate change is a very serious international issue.
Climate change is about how humans use energy.
Climate change is abstract, distant, and easy to deny.
Climate change is actually incredibly similar.
Climate change is already rapidly underway in Alaska.
Climate change is also a factor in emerging and re-emerging diseases.
Climate change is also a factor.
Climate change is also a matter of both economic and intergenerational justice.
Climate change is also a threat.
Climate change is also an issue of intergenerational justice.
Climate change is also likely to affect the highly urbanized centers of the Northeast in many ways.
Climate change is also likely to make for warmer winters that produce less snow and more rain.
Climate change is also only one threat to species diversity.
Climate change is among the most serious threats to rainforests worldwide and to much else besides.
Climate change is an action
Climate change is an air problem, a water problem, and a land problem.
Climate change is an epic environmental challenge.
Climate change is an existential challenge to our contemporary worldviews.
Climate change is an important additional stress.
Climate change is an important matter for the Canadian government.
Climate change is an increasing concern across the world.
Climate change is an inevitable reality.
Climate change is an international problem .
Climate change is an issue that business takes very seriously.
Climate change is an issue that requires a long-term, global perspective.
Climate change is another important issue in Finnish energy policy.
Climate change is another issue that respects no borders.
Climate change is another serious threat to the mountain pygmy possum.
Climate change is another threat affecting populations.
Climate change is any significant change in the climate lasting for decades or longer.
Climate change is arguably the greatest threat facing humanity.
Climate change is attributed to land use for two main reasons.
Climate change is both a challenge and an opportunity.
Climate change is but one of many signs of environmental stress.
Climate change is caused by industrial emissions.
Climate change is caused by the emission by humans of extra greenhouse gasses into the atmosphere.
Climate change is clearly a very important issue with high stakes.
Climate change is due to have severe negative effects on employment in Africa.
Climate change is far from our only environmental, economic and social problem.
Climate change is far more than a merely environmental issue.
Climate change is feared to have significant direct impacts on human health and on ecosystems.
Climate change is here.
Climate change is highly relevant for anyone studying adaptation.
Climate change is inevitable, and the ocean is a major factor in that change.
Climate change is intensely political.
Climate change is just one piece in a much bigger puzzle.
Climate change is just the latest and loudest of a number of wake-up calls.
Climate change is just too general, too vague, too meaningless, too benign.
Climate change is like a boomerang.
Climate change is likely to have a devastating effect on biological diversity.
Climate change is likely to have a significant impact on the global environment and human society.
Climate change is likely to have a significant impact on the global environment.
Climate change is likely to have negative effects on the psyches of individuals.
Climate change is likely to have wide-ranging and mostly adverse effects on human health.
Climate change is likely to have wide-ranging and mostly adverse impacts on human health.
Climate change is likely to impact on seabird populations.
Climate change is likely to modify rainfall patterns and their interaction with the soil.
Climate change is linked to the ocean processes.
Climate change is more than a warming trend.
Climate change is much more complex than local pollution.
Climate change is no exception.
Climate change is no longer a doomsday prophecy, it's a reality.
Climate change is now a scientifically established fact.
Climate change is now one of the leading threats to wildlife.
Climate change is one factor amongst many that affect coastal ecological systems and societies.
Climate change is one factor that appears to be driving increased outbreaks of bark beetles.
Climate change is one more reason for political change - for socialist policies.
Climate change is one of the biggest challenges facing the world in the next century.
Climate change is one of the greatest challenges facing the world today.
Climate change is one of the greatest threats facing the planet today.
Climate change is one of the major threats to biodiversity at both the species and ecosystem levels.
Climate change is one of the most important environmental issues facing humankind.
Climate change is one of the most important global issues facing the world today.
Climate change is one of the most threatening environmental crises facing today's world.
Climate change is one sector that provides obvious opportunities.
Climate change is one.
Climate change is our common concern, all over the world.
Climate change is our issue.
Climate change is perhaps the gravest calamity our species has ever encountered.
Climate change is perhaps the greatest threat to our quality of life on a global basis.
Climate change is poised to become a serial killer.
Climate change is predicted to have many impacts.
Climate change is projected to have far-reaching environmental impacts both domestically and abroad.
Climate change is projected to increase the frequency of extreme precipitation events.
Climate change is real and is already having an impact on the sustainability of our communities.
Climate change is real, and it is a complex problem.
Climate change is real.
Climate change is regarded as one of the factors resulting inthose declines.
Climate change is seen as a political issue among nations.
Climate change is seen to be the result of major deforestation in parts of Asia.
Climate change is sure to occur in some form.
Climate change is the biggest environmental issue ever.
Climate change is the chief driver of glacio-eustatic change.
Climate change is the current day is a global issue.
Climate change is the dominant one of the four considered pressures.
Climate change is the dominant pressure.
Climate change is the effect on the natural climate caused by human activities.
Climate change is the greatest environmental problem facing mankind.
Climate change is the ideal issue for taking the classroom lessons to activities outside the school.
Climate change is the last, and failing, rationale to comprehensively regulate energy.
Climate change is the latest emerging threat to biodiversity in Africa.
Climate change is the least studied threat for all the flyways, but worth learning more about.
Climate change is the main threat to polar bears today.
Climate change is the most challenging global environmental issue of our time.
Climate change is the most critical environmental threat facing the world today.
Climate change is the most high profile current example.
Climate change is the most serious environmental issue facing our planet today.
Climate change is the number one environmental threat facing the world.
Climate change is the obvious culprit.
Climate change is the primary threat to narwhals.
Climate change is the single greatest threat to the Arctic.
Climate change is the variation in global or regional climates over time.
Climate change is too serious a business to be left only to governments.
Climate change is truly a global issue.
Climate change is under way.
Climate change is underway.
Climate change is viewed as an overriding, all-pervasive threat.
Climate change is, obviously, a global problem.
Climate change looms as a major spending area.
Climate change means much more than higher temperatures.
Climate change opens up a brand new universe of business opportunities.
Climate change plagues the island states of Micronesia.
Climate change poses a potential threat.
Climate change poses a threat to the control of pest and disease invasions.
Climate change poses a threat unlike any they have faced before.
Climate change poses an unprecedented challenge to human society.
Climate change poses another threat to krill populations.
Climate change poses one of the greatest moral challenges humanity has ever faced.
Climate change poses perhaps the greatest long-term threat to snow leopards.
Climate change poses profound global economic, environmental and social challenges.
Climate change poses significant challenges for water policy makers.
Climate change poses significant risks to human health, the environment, and the economy.
Climate change poses threats to resources both domestically and internationally.
Climate change presents a significant challenge, particularly to developing countries.
Climate change presents real risks for the future of mankind.
Climate change provides basic facts and figures about our changing climate.
Climate change puts another stress on agricultural systems.
Climate change puts real and huge costs onto everyone.
Climate change puts taigas in danger in different ways.
Climate change raises complex environmental and energy issues.
Climate change reduces yields by increasing the frequency of droughts and floods.
Climate change refers to any significant change lasting for an extended period of time.
Climate change refers to the impact of human activity on our global climate.
Climate change remains a key issue, and environmental protection has strong support.
Climate change remains of major global importance.
Climate change remains one of the most hotly disputed areas of scientific inquiry.
Climate change remains one of the most important environmental issues of our time.
Climate change represents a change in long-term weather patterns.
Climate change represents a further stress.
Climate change represents an additional stress.
Climate change represents both a threat and an opportunity for Canadian municipalities.
Climate change resulting from greenhouse gas emissions poses the potential for abrupt change.
Climate change seems to be cyclical.
Climate change shifts the curve to the hotter side, moving the average over.
Climate change threatens human health and well-being in the United States.
Climate change threatens life on our planet.
Climate change threatens more than mega-storms, floods and droughts.
Climate change threatens polar bear food supply When temperatures rise, ice melts.
Climate change threatens to accelerate the current destruction.
Climate change threatens to redistribute water around the globe.
Climate change threatens to redistribute water around the planet.
Climate change unfolds over centuries.
Climate change violates moral and religious principles of justice.
Climate changes affect water supply and the availability of other natural resources.
Climate changes can influence a planet's geological history.
Climate changes happen slowly over hundreds or even thousands of years.
Climate changes occur over shorter periods, as well.
Some climate change is now inevitable.
Some climate changes are almost predictable.
Climate charts provide an overview of the climate in a particular place .
Climate charts provide an overview of the climate in a particular place.
Climate classification is based on two variables - temperature and precipitation.
Climate conditions are always a worry.
Climate conditions are decisive for crop production in Finland.
Climate conditions change towards the East, due to the increase in rainfall .
Climate control helps to prevents paper from rotting and becoming brittle over time.
Climate control insures a wonderful ride any time of year.
Climate control is also a significant contemporary issue.
Climate control is another hydrologic function of wetlands.
Climate control is automatic.
Climate control is essential for the rehearsal room, smaller ensemble rooms, and practice rooms.
Climate control is necessary to remain in operation at the existing portion of the building.
Climate control is nonexistent.
Climate control is obtained by moderating the effects of sun, wind, and rain.
Climate control is processing.
Climate control is the key decision.
Climate control makes car extra cool.
Climate control requires a dam at the Strait of Gibraltar.
Climate control takes intentionality.
Climate controls are highly effective at cooling or heating the cavernous interior.
Climate controls are large and readable.
Climate controls are notchy.
Climate controls biome distribution by an altitudinal gradient and a latitudinal gradient.
Climate controls boast large rubberized knobs for ease of operation.
Climate controls is key.
Climate cycles related to internal solar activity are superposed on long-term orbital cycles.
Climate data are extremely sensitive to errant values and outliers.
Climate data is available in a range of formats to suit particular needs.
Climate data is available, topo maps at the Texas borders with other states, and Mexico data.
Climate data is collected by private citizens, local, state and federal agencies.
Climate data is listed for many cities, including temperature and precipitation information.
Climate data is used to schedule crop irrigations, using agriculture irrigation scheduling models.
Climate data provides the all-important foundation from which a forecast is whittled.
All climate data has errors, it is certain that some are present here.
Climate diagrams are brief summaries of climatic variables and their seasonal variation.
Climate diagrams are graphical depictions of climate.
Climate extremes affect the form of the environment.
Climate feedbacks amplify or reduce direct warming and cooling effects.
Climate feedbacks can amplify the response of the system to an externally imposed perturbation.
Climate feedbacks can either amplify or dampen the response of the climate to a given forcing.
Climate fluctuations alter habitats.
Climate gardeners plant geraniums.
Climate graphs provide clues to weather conditions in particular places.
Climate models are made out of theory.
Climate models are mathematical models of past, present and future climates.
Climate models are mathematical simulations of the climate system that are programmed on computers.
Climate models are sets of mathematical equations.
Climate models are still in early stage of development.
Climate models are still too primitive to provide reliable insight into the possible outcome.
Climate models are still unable to make precise regional predictions.
Climate models attempt to represent the full climate system from first principles on large scales.
Climate models can help unravel some of the complexities of atmospheric interactions.
Climate models can simulate future climate change due to increasing greenhouse gas concentrations.
Climate models describe the relationships among many variables.
Climate models do a very good job of simulating historic climate conditions.
Climate models embody the alarmist idea.
Climate models form a reliable guide to potential climate change.
Climate models have to be tested to find out if they work.
Climate models indicate an increase of precipitation at higher latitudes.
Climate models predict a slightly drier climate in tropical areas under global warming.
Climate models predict that the polar regions are highly sensitive to climate change.
Climate models project the following key temperature-related changes.
Climate models project warmer winters.
Climate models show cooler stratospheric temperatures happen when there is more water vapor present.
Every climate model predicts that human warming is greater in winter than in summer.
Climate modelers differ over the future of the Arctic sea ice cover.
Climate modeling is limited by physical understanding and the speed of existing computers.
Climate modelling is difficult science, but there is a consensus about the modelling.
Climate modelling suggests that global warming in the troposphere is cooling the upper atmosphere.
Climate oscillations occur.
Climate patterns change weather.
Climate patterns change.
Most climate patterns change weather.
Climate policy is a form of insurance payment.
Climate prediction can also aid in long-term decision making about equipment and infrastructure.
Climate predictions help assess the potential for severe drought and fires.
Some climate predictions indicate salinity.
Climate protection saves lives now .
Climate regions are large areas with similar climate.
Climate research benefits the following industries.
Climate research is directed toward solving numerous human and environmental problems.
Climate risks are more prevalent than in the past.
Climate science is a complex and rapidly evolving field of investigation.
Climate science is a global business.
Climate science is all about understanding probabilities.
Climate science is based on theory.
Much climate science depends on such models, which describe the complexities of the climate.
Climate scientists can run such tests today for global surface temperatures .
Climate scientists work on the theoretical foundations and the modeling of climate change.
Most climate scientists believe global warming is occurring.
Most climate scientists believe the cause of the warming is pollution from cars and power plants.
Most climate scientists say that Earth does seem to be heating up.
Some climate scientists find activities.
Some climate scientists find human activities.
Climate summit paves path for cuts.
Climate systems provide a good example.
Climate variability appears to be mediated by landscape pattern.
Climate variability appears to be sensitive to the mean state of the climate system.
Climate variability captures disaster, abundance, and the adaptation of society.
Climate variability is a good example of the clarifying power of the Earth system approach.
Climate variability tends to have the greatest impact on people who are landless, poor, or isolated.
Climate variations involving changes in humidity and temperature affect the wood of violins.
Some climate variation plays roles.
Climate warming affects virtually all ecosystems worldwide.
Climate warming is unlikely to occur consistently throughout winter.
Climate zones help describe the places living things call home.
A climate is an environmental condition
Climate affects agriculture, energy use, transportation and population shifts.
Climate affects all living things on the planet.
Climate affects and shapes the land, plants and animals.
Climate affects equipment and radio propagation characteristics.
Climate affects everything.
Climate affects residential use in predictable ways.
Climate affects taxonomic similarity of regions, but only partly.
Climate affects tourism in many ways, directly and indirectly.
Climate affects water loss from a watershed as well as providing water.
Climate becomes more severe because ocean currents blocked.
Climate begins to cool and there is pronounced glaciation in the carboniferous.
Climate begins to cool.
Climate calendars for all states in the Southeast Region are available there.
Climate can be an influence on the development of cities.
Climate change possible cause, and future change likely to worsen problem.
Climate change threats to rare rainforest marsupials.
Climate changes dramatically.
Climate changes on multiple time scales.
Climate changes throughout the year.
Climate changes to hot and dry, pushing prehistoric hunters off the plains.
Climate changes with increases in elevation.
Climate comes on a single disk and is easily installed onto a computer.
Climate comprises the average weather conditions that occur in a place over a period of years.
Climate continues mild.
Climate continues to cool.
Climate controls on forest soil C isotope ratios in the southern Appalachian Mountains.
Climate controls salinity and temperature of the water which has everything to do with density .
Climate conveys stories about the seasonal changes evident in forest life.
Climate covers minimum and maximum temperatures for all four seasons.
Climate describes the long-term weather patterns over a specified time frame for a specific area.
Climate determines building structure types as well as materials for construction.
Climate determines plant growth.
Climate determines where cherries grow best.
Climate determines where different species live.
Climate differs widely within Temperate Asia.
Climate does affect success, however.
Climate does make a difference.
Climate does nothing to a priest's genitals.
Climate does, therefore, vary considerably regionally.
Climate drives sea change.
Climate exerts a powerful influence on the diversity and organization of continental ecosystems.
Climate exerts an undeniable influence on the surface of the earth.
Climate forces a stochastic character on erosion and sedimentation.
Climate governs Everglades life.
Climate guides The following titles are primarily narrative or descriptive in nature.
Climate helps to determine what weather can occur in a region.
Climate impacts monitoring.
Climate impacts upon the amount and timing of application.
Climate influences the type of ecosystem present in a geographical area.
Climate influences weathering rates, particularly temperature and the availability of water .
Climate is always an issue for every Host City, but it is especially important for Florida.
Climate is always dynamic, it vary from place to place and from country to country around the world.
Climate is among the most important.
Climate is changeable.
Climate is comparable to the southern Atlantic states.
Climate is complex.
Climate is continental and partly mediterraneous.
Climate is continental with cold winters and mild to hot summers.
Climate is continental with cool winters and warm summers.
Climate is continental with warm summers and cold winters.
Climate is continental.
Climate is cool and refreshing.
Climate is cool and semiarid with warm, dry summers and cool, moist winters.
Climate is cool and semi-arid.
Climate is cool and the region is free of permafrost.
Climate is cool summers and mild winters.
Climate is cool temperate with some maritime influence.
Climate is cool, semiarid.
Climate is cool.
Climate is dependent upon land masses and oceans.
Climate is different from one part of the world to another .
Climate is different from one part of the world to another.
Climate is different from weather .
Climate is different from weather.
Climate is dry and predictable, the pace very slow.
Climate is dry and warm quite early.
Climate is dry, due to the mountains that block the humidity coming from the Pacific Ocean.
Climate is excellent for outdoor activities year round.
Climate is excellent throughout the year.
Climate is extremely dry all through the year and temperatures soar inside the Canyon in summer.
Climate is extremely important and there is no location better suited for pecans than Texas.
Climate is good.
Climate is hot and dry in the summer, cold and dry in the winter.
Climate is hot and dry subhumid to semiarid.
Climate is hot and humid.
Climate is hot, humid, and often rainy.
Climate is how hot or cold it is in a certain place over a long period of time.
Climate is how the atmosphere behaves over relatively long periods of time.
Climate is like it is today.
Climate is like the collective states of mind of all the people in the company.
Climate is like weather but over much longer time scales.
Climate is midcontinental with hot summers and cold winters.
Climate is mild .
Climate is mild all year.
Climate is mild and equable.
Climate is mild and the region is free of permafrost.
Climate is mild by Colorado standards, without overwhelming amounts of snow.
Climate is mild year round.
Climate is mild, and a trifle damp.
Climate is mild, with little variation in temperature year round.
Climate is mild.
Climate is moderate and rainfallis minimal.
Climate is perhaps the most important in soil profile development.
Climate is perhaps the most important ingredient in soil formation.
Climate is pervasive, and often includes a broad array of organizational phenomenon.
Climate is rare here.
Climate is second only in importance to parent material as a controlling factor in soil formation.
Climate is semiarid continental.
Climate is semi-arid on the West End, with mountains and lush vegetation on the East End.
Climate is semiarid to arid.
Climate is semi-arid.
Climate is similar, and they are both developing countries.
Climate is sub-tropical, tempered by trade winds.
Climate is temperate and humid.
Climate is temperate continental.
Climate is temperate with generally warm sunny days and nights that can be cool.
Climate is temperate with relatively hot summers and cold winters.
Climate is temperate, with well-marked seasons, dry summers and relatively rainy winters.
Climate is too cool to grow kumara the staple sweet potato, brought from Polynesia.
Climate is transitional maritime - continental.
Climate is variable, and the past decade has been wetter than average for Boulder.
Climate isa condition.
Climate lasts all the time, but weather lasts only a few days.
Climate lasts all the time, but weather only for a few days.
Climate leaves both species with a short window of time in which to re-produce in the north country.
Climate link involves relationship of sea ice extent and global temperatures.
Climate matters more than some people imagine.
Climate models projections of future climate.
Climate moderates that functioning.
Climate moves around a lot.
Climate needs and availability of climate scenarios for coastal impact assessments.
Climate needs and availability of climate scenarios for hydrological impact assessments.
Climate pinpoints areas of risk where training or skill development is advisable.
Climate plays a fundamental part in determining the movements of shorebirds.
Climate plays a major role in the moose-wolf relationship as well.
Climate plays a major role in the stability of Canada s prairie wetlands.
Climate plays a role in plant height, too.
Climate plays a very important role in the genesis of a soil.
Climate plays an important role in landscape development.
Climate plays an important role in the appearance of the canyon.
Climate plays an important role, too.
Climate processes on the Antarctic Plateau.
Climate ranges from Mediterranean to cool temperate.
Climate ranges from sub-tropical to cold temperate.
Climate ranges from the tropical in the low lands to the arctic at the higher altitudes.
Climate ranges from Tropical in the low lands to Arctic in higher altitudes.
Climate ranges from tropical in the low lands to arctic in highest altitudes.
Climate ranges from tropical in the low lands, to arctic in the higher altitudes.
Climate ranges from wet along the coast to dry inland.
Climate refers to atmospheric changes that occur over decades and centuries.
Climate refers to averages in weather conditions over a period of years.
Climate refers to climate variability across time scales.
Climate refers to the average weather characteristics in a given region.
Climate refers to the conditions in the atmosphere in a place over a long period of time.
Climate refers to the conditions of weather in one place or region over a long period of time.
Climate refers to the general long term conditions in an specific region.
Climate refers to the statistical collection of weather conditions over a specified period of time.
Climate refers to weather over a long period of time.
Climate regulates soil formation.
Climate relates to factors stretching from the ocean ' s depths to the atmosphere ' s outer reaches.
Climate remains fairly similar across the ecoregion, despite the ecoregion's relatively large size.
Climate remains relatively constant over longer periods and distances.
Climate resembles the rest of the Champlain Valley.
Climate results from long-term weather patterns.
Climate shapes the rhythm of their lives as well as their habitat and clothes.
Climate summarizes weather conditions over periods of time, usually months or years.
Climate therefore varies from weather because weather is concerned only with short term events.
Climate too has effect on our skin, scorching heat during summer cause severe itching in the body.
Climate turns cold late in period.
Climate varies according to altitude.
Climate varies by latitude due to two reasons.
Climate varies by region.
Climate varies considerably across the United States.
Climate varies dramatically from one end of the country to the other.
Climate varies due to Honduras' diverse topography.
Climate varies from humid tropical in the southern lowlands to temperate in the northern highlands.
Climate varies from temperate rainforest, inland desert to snowfields in the south.
Climate varies from tropical to subtropical in all areas except the high plateaus and the mountains.
Climate varies greatly from north to south.
Climate varies greatly from summer to winter.
Climate varies immensely.
Climate varies naturally over time-scales of decades to millions of years.
Climate varies slightly depending on one's position on the mountain.
Climate varies with elevation from desert up through juniper, pine, and spruce-fire forests.
Climate varies with the elevation, and it's comfortable somewhere in the Central Territory all year.
Climates affect areas.
Climates affect aspects.
Climates affect biodiversity.
Climates affect coastal areas.
Climates affect global temperature.
Climates affect growth.
Climates affect life.
Climates affect patterns.
Climates affect population growth.
Climates affect rainfall patterns.
Climates affect ranges.
Climates affect temperature.
Climates affect the type of soils formed.
Climates also vary over time and change very gradually over decades and centuries.
Climates are conditions.
Climates are environmental conditions.
Climates are how warm and wet places are.
Climates can change after a long time .
Climates can change after a long time.
Climates can have dramatic impact.
Climates can have impact.
Climates can have storms.
Climates can have weather storms.
Climates change environments.
Climates change over time due to natural and human causes.
Climates change over years.
Climates change rapidly on mountains, becoming colder the higher the altitude gets.
Climates change slowly, and there are wet and dry cycles.
Climates change, and plants and animals continue to evolve.
Climates determine which plants and animals live in different places.
Climates drive erosion.
Climates drive genetic erosion.
Climates drive growth.
Climates exist in regions.
Climates experience drought.
Climates experience frequent drought.
Climates favor survival.
Climates have behavior.
Climates have effects.
Climates have growth potential.
Climates have high humidity.
Climates have humidity.
Climates have impact.
Climates have potential.
Climates have seasonal variation.
Climates have strong effects.
Climates have temperature.
Climates have tremendous impact.
Climates have variation.
Climates impact health.
Climates limit distribution.
Climates may have effects.
Climates occur during epochs.
Climates promote growth.
Climates promote products.
Climates range from cold and snowy in the mountain regions, to mild and sunny near the coast.
Climates reflect seasonal variation.
Climates reflect variation.
Climates support decomposition.
Climates support growth.
Climates support long term growth.
Climates support productivity decomposition.
Climates support term growth.
Climates threaten survival.
Climates vary from year to year and organisms adapt to the variation in climate.
Climates will have effects.
Climate always changes.
Climate always varies, even without human influence.
All climates have changes which occur on an annual cycle.
Every climate requires special design attention.
Most climates affect areas.
Most climates affect aspects.
Most climates affect biodiversity.
Most climates affect coastal areas.
Most climates affect global temperature.
Most climates affect growth.
Most climates affect life.
Most climates affect patterns.
Most climates affect population growth.
Most climates affect rainfall patterns.
Most climates affect ranges.
Most climates affect temperature.
Most climates can have dramatic impact.
Most climates can have impact.
Most climates can have storms.
Most climates can have weather storms.
Most climates change environments.
Most climates drive erosion.
Most climates drive genetic erosion.
Most climates drive growth.
Most climates exist in regions.
Most climates experience frequent drought.
Most climates have behavior.
Most climates have effects.
Most climates have growth potential.
Most climates have high humidity.
Most climates have humidity.
Most climates have impact.
Most climates have potential.
Most climates have seasonal variation.
Most climates have strong effects.
Most climates have temperature.
Most climates have tremendous impact.
Most climates have variation.
Most climates limit distribution.
Most climates occur during epochs.
Most climates promote growth.
Most climates promote products.
Most climates reflect seasonal variation.
Most climates reflect variation.
Most climates support decomposition.
Most climates support growth.
Most climates support long term growth.
Most climates support productivity decomposition.
Most climates support term growth.
Most climates threaten survival.
Some climates affect bears.
Some climates affect elephants.
Some climates affect health.
Some climates affect reproduction.
Some climates allow much more power in summer than winter.
Some climates are hot, some are cold, some are wet and some are dry.
Some climates are rainfall driven, and others are snow melt driven.
Some climates are worse than others for people who have chronic sinusitis.
Some climates bring little rainfall.
Some climates bring rainfall.
Some climates contribute to consistent quality.
Some climates contribute to quality.
Some climates have chances.
Some climates have protection.
Some climates lead to drought.
Some climates pose problems.
Some climates prevent growth.
Some climates prevent tree growth.
Some climates promote safety.
Some climates show little seasonal variation.
Some climates show little variation.
Some climates show seasonal variation.
Some climates show variation.
Climatic analysis indicates that the Anasazi lived in a time of plenty.
Climatic change can be a limiting factor for the evolution of many species.
Climatic change is advanced as one reason.
Climatic change is also a proven fact.
Climatic change is one example.
Climatic change presents a serious threat to African wildlife and ecosystems in the coming decades.
Climatic change takes place over long periods of time, like several years or decades.
Climatic change tends to be much lumpier than that.
Climatic changes affects all living beings and organisms.
Climatic changes are likely to lead to food security issues.
Climatic changes can affect intertidal life in many ways.
Climatic changes can also arise due to volcanic eruptions.
Climatic changes can also cause huge problems for exports.
Climatic changes can result in areas of widespread drought.
Climatic changes follow predictable cycles.
Climatic changes have profound effects on the distributions of plants and animals.
Climatic changes vary regionally.
Climatic condition is primarily maritime in nature, cool in the summers and mild in the winter.
Climatic conditions affect severity.
Climatic conditions appear to have been quite mild.
Climatic conditions are also a factor.
Climatic conditions are charted, soil is analyzed and trees are constantly examined and measured.
Climatic conditions are diverse, ranging from temperate crop areas to tropical zones.
Climatic conditions are extremely severe.
Climatic conditions are of overriding importance in determining the catch.
Climatic conditions are oppressive.
Climatic conditions are variable across the state.
Climatic conditions can cause inconsistent production and quality, making marketing more difficult.
Climatic conditions control soil temperature fluctuations during the year.
Climatic conditions determine the extent of the disease.
Climatic conditions favor year round vegetable crop production.
Climatic conditions forbid it.
Climatic conditions place their limit upon men just as firmly as upon plants and upon animals.
Climatic conditions play an important role in the development of the disease.
Climatic conditions produce fine grass that a small flock of merino sheep graze on.
Climatic conditions range from extremely hot and dry to extremely cold and wet.
Climatic conditions vary from time to time and place to place.
Climatic conditions vary from year to year.
Climatic conditions vary slightly over the area.
Climatic conditions vary widely from season to season.
Most climatic conditions affect severity.
Some climatic conditions affect bats.
Some climatic conditions affect humidity.
Some climatic conditions affect pipistrelle bats.
Some climatic conditions reduce quality.
Climatic data indicates that the such extreme events are increasing over the United States.
Some climatic diagrams provide follow information.
Some climatic diagrams provide information.
Climatic effects are also important.
Climatic events affect calf survival.
Climatic events affect survival.
Most climatic events affect calf survival.
Most climatic events affect survival.
Climatic extremes occur in the subbasin.
Climatic factors are responsible for the deterioration of the surface of the stones.
Climatic factors can affect the abundance of flowering and thus indirectly of seed production.
Climatic factors can damage red alder.
Climatic factors preclude Estonia from becoming a major source for narcotic crops.
Climatic factors provide habitats.
Climatic factors provide suitable habitats.
Most climatic factors provide habitats.
Most climatic factors provide suitable habitats.
Some climatic factors affect abundances.
Some climatic factors affect bats.
Some climatic factors affect erosion.
Some climatic factors govern erosion.
Some climatic factors govern soil erosion.
Some climatic factors lead to elimination.
Climatic fluctuations limit tree growth similarly over large geographical areas.
Some climatic fluctuations result in fragmentation.
Some climatic fluctuations result in habitat fragmentation.
Climatic maps show the geographic distribution of solar radiation and ambient temperature.
Climatic oscillations accompanied by changes in ice volume on Earth are a potential cause.
Climatic patterns modify the distribution of the pollutants, and thus the distribution of acid rain.
Climatic problems are often predictable.
Climatic processes erode and shape the rock formations.
Climatic properties are 'mapped' on to successive ice layers.
Climatic regions are varied and often extreme.
Climatic regions Contrasts between the interior and the coasts produce six main climatic regions.
Climatic summaries are available for Ontario's amphibians and reptiles.
Climatic types range from the polar arctic to tropical forests.
Climatic variability is influenced by both topographic features and seasonal weather patterns.
Climatic variation has a large impact on both terrestrial and aquatic resources.
Climatic variation plays an important part in determining fire occurrence and severity.
Climatic variations affect snowpack characteristics, which in turn affect avalanche activity.
Climatic variations result because of the influence of the monsoon winds.
Climatic variations result in disparity among preferred forages by horses.
Some climatic variation affects conditions.
A climatic zone is a geographical area
Climatic zones approximate to distinct latitude belts around the Earth.
Climatic zones shift with long-range weather patterns.
Climatological data are important to much of the research done at all biological research stations.
Climatological data have many applications in today's world.
Climatological data is recorded daily at the Farm.
Climatological data suggest otherwise.
Climatological outlooks can provide valuable information about possible future flooding.
Most climatological processes involve variability over both space and time.
Climatological records get more valuable with time.
A climatologist is an expert
Climatologists agree that worldwide temperatures are rising due to human activities.
Climatologists are concerned with more than temperature changes.
Climatologists are experts.
Climatologists are scientists who study patterns in the weather over a longer period.
Climatologists believe that global warming is pushing the weather to extremes.
Climatologists collect weather records and produce summaries of the records.
Climatologists commonly refer to climate as the mean or average weather in a given place or region.
Climatologists compare major storms to similar ones of the past to help fine-tune future forecasts.
Climatologists go in the other direction.
Climatologists make up an important branch of the study of geography.
Climatologists study climactic variations spanning hundreds or even millions of years.
Climatologists study climatic variations spanning hundreds or even millions of years.
Climatologists study past records of weather.
Climatologists use a set of rules in examining monthly temperature and precipitation values.
Many climatologists are members of college or university faculties and do research with their data.
Many climatologists say there is actually evidence of global cooling.
Most climatologists agree that greenhouse gas levels are rising.
Climatology considers the past and can help predict future climate change .
Climatology is a field that offers many different types of opportunities.
Climatology is a new science.
Climatology is a relatively young field and there are many avenues open for exploration.
Climatology is another area of funding strength.
Climatology is approached in a variety of ways.
Climatology is indicated elsewhere.
Climatology is meteorology
Climatology is meteorology.
Climatology is science.
Climatology is the average occurrence of the event during the indicated period.
Climatology is the study of atmospheric phenomena.
Climatology is the study of climate.
Climatology is the study of the weather over the longer time scale.
Climatology isa science.
Climatology now includes aspects of oceanography and biogeochemistry .
Climatology provides benchmarks, such as the drought of record.
Climatology studies the average weather of the entire globe over centuries.
Climatology studies the variation of climate over the world and blends into meteorology.
Any climatology related topic is acceptable.
Climax communities are usually stable over hundreds of years.
Climax communities differ depending on the type of biome they are in.
Climax communities make fuller use of inputs and maintain themselves, thus, they are more stable.
Climax communities tend to be more stable than successional communities.
Some climax communities make use.
Climax situations are capable of sustaining themselves.
A climax is an occasion
Climax begins with the first note and never lets go.
Climaxes can be climatic or related to other disturbances like fire, pests or windthrow.
Climb gradient is simply the ability of the airplane to climb once it leaves the ground.
Climb helmets provide minimal protection.
Climb helmets provide protection.
Most climb helmets provide minimal protection.
Most climb helmets provide protection.
Climb perches live in low water.
Climb perches live in water.
Most climb perches live in low water.
Most climb perches live in water.
Some climb perches inhabit rivers.
Climb performance is outstanding-almost twice that of the original Firebird, in fact.
Climb plants have beautiful flowers.
Climb plants have flowers.
Most climb plants have beautiful flowers.
Most climb plants have flowers.
Climb power raises nose, decreases airspeed and increases P-factor.
Some climb vines possess characteristics.
Some climb vines possess many unique characteristics.
Some climb vines possess unique characteristics.
A climb is a rise
Climb begins on south facing side of large white buttress in bottom of chimney.
Climb crack and continue to below overhanging groove.
Climb spike and get onto sloping ledge under roof.
Climb stairs one at a time.
Climbs  fall.
Climbs  fallings.
Climbs  grab.
Climbs are easy to moderate.
Climbs are however non-technical.
Climbs are motivated by the goal of exercises.
Climbs are motivated by the goal of highers.
Climbs are never too long for the beginner.
Climbs are rises.
Climbs are ugly and descents are a blast.
Climbs can vary in length and difficulty both indoors and outdoors.
Climbs end with steppings.
Climbs finish on the road.
Climbs hills real good-front end likes to jump up, because of the lightness.
Climbs listed are examples.
Climbs listed in itinerary are examples only.
Climbs listed run west to east.
Climbs proceed in all weather except electrical storms.
Climbs range from beginner to advanced and cater to all levels of skill and ability.
Climbs start with steppings.
Climbs summer long inside the front hall.
Climbs then levels to easy grade.
Climbs utilize pockets, edges, crimps, gastons, side-pulls, flat finger buckets and sloping rails.
Climbs vary in difficulty from walk-ups to technical rock and snow climbing.
All climbs are completely optional.
All climbs are easily accessible from the hut.
All climbs are on good hard sandstone cliffs.
All climbs are only a short distance from the parking lot.
All climbs are single pitch and can be done by beginners.
All climbs are top ropes.
All climbs are top-roped.
All climbs require Mountain Days.
Many climb peaks each year.
Many climbs can involve as much as a month to accomplish.
Many climbs involve a significant approach so check the weather and pack accordingly.
Many climbs require as much as four weeks for a serious attempt on the summit.
Most climbs are leadable.
Most climbs are less than one mile, but a few are a bit steep.
Most climbs require a full day.
Some climbs are abrupt, but most are doable.
Some climbs are on private land.
Some climbs follow obvious lines while others wander up blank looking, vertical faces.
A climber is a spike
Climber begins to bring up rope.
Climber come afar to seek the challenges of Smith Rock. .
Climber dies in avalanche .
Climber isa athlete.
Climber isa vine.
Climber lets belayer know they are ready to come down after they have completed their goals.
Climber remember move away sling or haul bag, which is needed to pullup and hang.
Climbers abound on the sheer north face when the weather is good.
Climbers adjust their rate of ascent with the twist of a knob.
Climbers also face new limits on access to cliffs on public and private lands.
Climbers also manipulate their center of mass by working their bodies away from the rock face.
Climbers also use a variety of types of hardware to anchor themselves to the mountainside.
Climbers are abundant.
Climbers are also plentiful.
Climbers are athletes.
Climbers are chronically hypoxic, and they report that the skin of other climbers has a bluish cast.
Climbers are effective when grown on an arbor or fence.
Climbers are large flowering roses with thick, rigid canes.
Climbers are less prolific but flower for much of the summer.
Climbers are located in mountains.
Climbers are more likely to get hurt or die when they are in the beginning stages.
Climbers are notorious cheapskates, or better yet, dirtbags.
Climbers are our primary concern and focus.
Climbers are responsible for the return of all equipment to the front desk when finished.
Climbers are responsible for their own costs of participation.
Climbers are responsible for their use.
Climbers are safety harnessed and do their thing under expert supervision.
Climbers are spiritual seekers.
Climbers are subdivided according to their attachment mech- anisms.
Climbers are the answer.
Climbers are the big winners in Alberta.
Climbers are the most frequent cause of injury for children six and older.
Climbers are true outdoorsmen and good neighbors.
Climbers are very much at health risk from the altitude.
Climbers are vines.
Climbers ascend the mountain by establishing a series of progressively higher camps.
Climbers ascent two routes and, time permitting, rappel.
Climbers assume a comfortable and less tiring climbing posture while leaning away from the ladder.
Climbers become sponsored athletes.
Climbers begin their ascent of Everest from either Tibet or Nepal.
Climbers begin to ascend the more overhanging features at the cliffs.
Climbers bloom best when they are trained to reach outward rather than grow only vertically.
Climbers break through a beech forest and walk across a field of bamboo grass.
Climbers call home from the summit using satellite phones.
Climbers call it the art of suffering.
Climbers can cover an arbor to create a striking entrance.
Climbers can follow a trail leading to the base of the mountain.
Climbers can see parts of the building at various times.
Climbers can sharpen their skills on a climbing rock and a simulated glacier face.
Climbers can still discover new routes up sheer-face granite walls.
Climbers can take advantage of the great flexibility and range of movement built into climbing.
Climbers can tap into the skiing infrastructure for accomodation, food and nightlife.
Climbers choose nylon ropes because they stretch and absorb the shock of a fall.
Climbers claim the Yosemite Valley experience is unmatched anywhere in the world.
Climbers click here.
Climbers climb at their own risk and are responsible for obtaining proper equipment and training.
Climbers climb up and down the cable with cargo .
Climbers climb up and down the cable with cargo.
Climbers come in herds, but the peaks are among the most difficult in the state.
Climbers commonly create custom itineraries and variations.
Climbers consider dead trees as hazard duty and deserve the extra cost.
Climbers cover a wide range of designs .
Climbers cover a wide range of designs.
Climbers cross wide crevasses on aluminum-ladder bridges.
Climbers decend the mountain by sliding down the snow fields.
Climbers do it with gear.
Climbers do their best to conquer routes set by nationally ranked climbers.
Climbers feel that sometimes taking a fall is part of the total climbing experience.
Climbers get a short briefing on the basics, and then it's time to head outside and hit the wall.
Climbers get up on a severe overhang and hang on very small edges to do wild contorted moves.
Climbers have (part) arms.
Climbers have (part) body substances.
Climbers have (part) cell membranes.
Climbers have (part) cells.
Climbers have (part) corpi.
Climbers have (part) cytoplasm.
Climbers have (part) heads.
Climbers have (part) human bodies.
Climbers have (part) legs.
Climbers have (part) material bodies.
Climbers have (part) necks.
Climbers have (part) nuclei.
Climbers have (part) personality.
Climbers have (part) plasma membranes.
Climbers have (part) sections.
Climbers have (part) vacuoles.
Climbers have many choices.
Climbers have only one real protection accessory, which is a helmet for the head.
Climbers have to be hardy.
Climbers have to carry oxygen bottles to be able to reach the top .
Climbers have to carry oxygen bottles to be able to reach the top.
Climbers have to keep a close eye above their heads as well.
Climbers have toes.
Climbers inhabit a mystery world of snargs, sprags and fingery cruxes.
Climbers just take the ride a little higher and a little farther.
Climbers know that a descent on such terrain can be a deathtrap.
Climbers know that weather can make or break a trip.
Climbers leave weight and aerobic equipment behind to work their way up concrete walls.
Climbers live and play here for the sunsets and the camaraderie.
Climbers love their sport because it is a challenge, mentally and physically.
Climbers make multi-day ascents camping out on the rock face.
Climbers make their way up a snow ridge.
Climbers march single file.
Climbers need bottle oxygen.
Climbers need oxygen.
Climbers practice mountaineering skills on the slopes even in snow and fog.
Climbers protect themselves with a variety of tools.
Climbers provide a road system in canopies for motile animals.
Climbers rappel to descend off the Tower.
Climbers scale a few of the rock formations where conditions and park rules permit.
Climbers scratch mountains with bare hands and feet.
Climbers seem to be a superstitious bunch.
Climbers seem to feel the window is opening again, with many moving up on the South.
Climbers Shorten the cane by about a third in spring.
Climbers sleep in their sleeping bags, attached in their harnesses by rope to the rock.
Climbers sleep with their oxygen masks on.
Climbers speak freely and with great respect about their mountaineering mentors.
Climbers suffer a loss of appetite and sleep and have constant headaches.
Climbers suffer injuries.
Climbers suffer serious injuries.
Climbers take about two growing seasons before they become established and start blooming.
Climbers take time to establish themselves.
Climbers talk about fear.
Climbers tend to have a lot of endurance and specifically developed muscles for long hard climbs.
Climbers test their skills on vertical rock walls.
Climbers then make their bid for the summit, which usually takes four to five days.
Climbers trail up the side of Mt. Rainier in the Sunrise area .
Climbers try to describe why they climb mountains.
Climbers typically climb in pairs.
Climbers use a few different forms of shelter depending on the situation and conditions.
Climbers use a system of ropes to protect themselves from such hazards.
Climbers use an ice tool, which looks like a big pick, and crampons to actually navigate the ice.
Climbers use techniques such as jamming, laybacking, and stemming.
Climbers use the wall at their own risk.
Climbers use the walls as their stage.
Climbers watch for snow with sophisticated weather-tracking forecasts.
Climbers work in teams and are secured in a harness for protection from a fall.
Climbers worry about their insulin pumps failing much more than their watches.
Climbers frequently climb to the left of the tunnel.
Climbers often abandon extra gear when they are descending the mountain.
Climbers often approach in winter when snow covers the brush.
Climbers often carry a vial of dex under their down suits as a precaution.
Climbers often chalk their hands before a crux , a difficult set of maneuvers.
Climbers often have well-developed backs.
Climbers often scrape moss, lichen, and other plant life from the cliff as they tie ropes to trees.
All climbers are to register and sign a waiver at the Lodge.
All climbers are well and are on their way home.
All climbers climb on a top rope which makes climbing very safe.
All climbers have thumbs high on their hands to go over branches more easily.
All climbers share a common experience.
Any climber is welcome to participate.
Every climber can benefit from increased aerobic fitness.
Every climber is required by law to have a registered guide.
Many climbers agree that it is the most comfortable shoe they've ever worn.
Many climbers also look particularly interesting when trained on tree trunks.
Many climbers are found covering the huge trees.
Many climbers are unable to respond effectively when the unthinkable happens in climbing.
Many climbers are very environmentally conscious and practice minimum impact climbing.
Many climbers become bare around their bases after a few years.
Many climbers bloom on second-year wood, so don t sheer plants off.
Many climbers can climb at once and engage in both individual and team challenges.
Many climbers choose to use a rope for safety.
Many climbers complain of cough and rhinorhorrea at altitude.
Many climbers develop a hacking cough, dizziness, and insomnia.
Many climbers prefer to rappel down the gully.
Many climbers successfully use a double strength mug of coffee to relieve the headache.
Many climbers take prayer flags to the top of Everest.
Many climbers take the time to climb both summits.
Many climbers use a plastic blow tube to blast out debris.
Many climbers wear no socks with their climbing shoes.
Most climbers are more than happy to help novices.
Most climbers attempt the West Buttress route.
Most climbers begin by accompanying an experienced climber to a local climbing area.
Most Climbers bloom twice, once in the early summer and again in autumn.
Most climbers carry along a supplemental supply.
Most climbers cringe when they clip into a rusty quarter incher and with good reason.
Most climbers experience spontaneous retinal hemorrhaging at some point during the expedition.
Most climbers have toes.
Most climbers recommend the approach up the right side.
Most climbers suffer injuries.
Most climbers suffer serious injuries.
Most climbers take two to four days to cover the distance from the base camp to the summit.
Most climbers think hand cracks are the last word in crack climbing.
Most climbers thrive in the heat.
Most climbers tie into a rope once in a while.
Most climbers typically remain at the peak just long enough to have their photo taken.
Most climbers use oxygen for climbing and sleeping.
Most climbers use oxygen here for climbing and sleeping.
Most climbers use single ropes for climbing.
Most climbers use the priming or pre-climb stage to fully hydrate their bodies.
Some climbers are able to use boots only by staying in the boot packed steps.
Some climbers bloom only in spring, some are repeat climbers.
Some climbers carry light and versatile hexes in place of heavier cams.
Some climbers change climb techniques.
Some climbers change techniques.
Some climbers feel that gyms are good training grounds, but the real climbing take place outdoors.
Some climbers have ability.
Some climbers have activity levels.
Some climbers have adequate fuel.
Some climbers have fuel.
Some climbers have high activity levels.
Some climbers have high levels.
Some climbers have large flowers, but true ramblers have clusters of small flowers.
Some climbers have levels.
Some climbers leave a long sling in place here to aid their return.
Some climbers live in states.
Some climbers prefer more flexible ropes, because they're easier to tie.
Some climbers skip it.
Some climbers thrive on adrenaline rushes and personal achievement.
Some climbers tolerate part shades.
Some climbers tolerate shades.
Some climbers use electric socks.
Some climbers use gloves made out of athletic tape to protect their hands.
Some climbers use the traditional wooden huts.
Climbing shoes are one of the essential pieces of equipment for rock climbing.
Climbing shoes enhance climbing ability much like running shoes enhance running ability.
Climbing shoes sign climbing shoes climbing shoes silence Powder ask unto all climbing shoes.
Climbing  fall.
Climbing  fallings.
Climbing  motion sickness.
Climbing  sweating.
Climbing are recreational activities.
Climbing are used for enjoyment.
Climbing are used for exercises.
Climbing are used for exercising.
Climbing are used for fun.
Climbing are used for personal satisfaction.
Climbing cause accomplishment.
Climbing cause blisters.
Climbing cause exhaustion.
Climbing cause exhilaration.
Climbing cause fall.
Climbing cause fallings.
Climbing cause sweating.
Climbing cause vertigos.
Clinal variation refers to a gradual change in some feature across geography.
Clinal variations depend on the activity of a large number of genes.
Clinch County is located in southeast Georgia, on the Florida border.
A clincher is a tool
Clinchers use separate inner tubes and are seated on the rim with air pressure.
Clincial astigmatism is a combination of both effects, anterior corneal toricity predominating.
A cling film is a plastic wrap
Cling film is another alternative.
Cling film is used to ensure the easy removal of the hull from the mold.
Cling wrap produces a very intense effect.
A clingstone is edible fruit
Clingstones ripen earlier in the season.
Clingy caregivers are a detrerment to a child.
Clinic aides are paraprofessionals who are on-site in each school for three hours.
Clinic appointments are incorporated into the daily schedule and meal service is provided.
Clinic appointments vary, but appointments can be made during business hours.
Clinic care is a significant portion of ambulatory care.
Clinic experience includes consultations with collegiate and adult golfers.
Clinic experience is preferred to surgery.
Clinic exposure is available in pediatric and adult orthopaedics, hand, and scoliosis.
Clinic fee includes training with certificate upon completion of course and transportation.
Clinic fee is included in season registration fee.
Clinic funding depends on the billing it does for services.
Clinic hours are great.
Clinic hours are subject to change without notice.
Clinic hours are subject to change.
Clinic hours vary daily.
Clinic hours vary during semester breaks and holidays.
Clinic hours vary.
Clinic pages contain contact information, description of procedures, and other information.
Clinic participants are in training to be mediators in the fall semester of their program.
Clinic participation requires a reservation.
Clinic participation requires scheduling flexibility.
Clinic patients have easy access to all medical services.
Clinic personnel are alerted of the patient's arrival by the person escorting the patient.
Clinic personnel are trained professionals who counsel women to make their own decisions.
Clinic policy is to provide custom cast post and cores on anteriors and premolars.
Clinic policy is to use amalgam.
Clinic programs are so popular that students typically are selected through a lottery system.
Clinic registration is located just left of the main entrance on the main floor.
Clinic rooms are hygienic, warm and comfortable.
Clinic service is based on a sliding scale fee.
Clinic service is limited to medical treatment.
Most Clinic sessions are open to an unrestricted range of hematology and medical oncology problems.
Clinic space is donated at six sites providing the services of physicians and nurses.
Clinic sponsors say that their tax-aid volunteers also benefit from the program.
Clinic staff are a mix of health care workers from the United States and Mexico.
Clinic staff can also use the questionnaire to informally evaluate their logistics system.
Clinic staff consists of therapists, nurses and physicians.
Clinic staff contacts a potential client to review the application for services.
Clinic staff deliver a baby boy, stitch wounds, and distribute medicine.
Clinic staff includes nursing, lab technicians, receptionists, and billing managers.
Clinic staff is also available to see patients during the rest of the week on an as-needed basis.
Clinic staff is rude and abusive towards patients.
Clinic staff provide management recommendations suited for commercial producers or homowners.
Clinic staff remain available for consultation and support throughout the course of the illness.
Clinic staff see about thirty patients a day.
Clinic student contributes to major victory in age discrimination case.
Clinic students aid in sex discrimination cases.
Clinic students assist in litigation victories.
Clinic students handle family law, landlord-tenant, housing, consumer and public benefits cases.
Clinic students have only one or two clients at any time.
Clinic students learn the legal techniques and strategies involved from start to finish.
Clinic students practice law under the supervision of experienced faculty.
Clinic students view it as a great way to learn lawyering skills.
Clinic tutors use strategies proven by research to promote reading.
Clinic violence is based on condemnation of women.
Clinic visit is required at the end of three months for another injection.
Clinic visits are by appointment only.
Clinic visits are once a week.
Clinic visits are typically brief and easy to schedule.
Clinic visits consist of physical examinations and memory testing.
Clinic visits continue for directive counseling and to monitor the status of the tinnitus.
Clinic work is done on the public and students in an actual beauty salon atmosphere.
Clinic workers make referrals and counselling is done at the center.
Clinic workers page the doctor repeatedly with no success.
A clinic is a building
Clinic also treats hand and wrist injuries.
Clinic are by appointment only.
Clinic highlights some of the best of Jujitsu America's instructors.
Clinic includes all inventory, medical supplies and equipment.
Clinic includes lodging, cat skiing, and workshops.
Clinic is a great way to learn to skate.
Clinic is available by appointment.
Clinic is available for patient care from early mornings to evening hours including weekends.
Clinic is available to any student at no charge.
Clinic is free but reservations are requested-please complete the registration form.
Clinic is geographically accessible to target population.
Clinic is in Building D - second building on the right.
Clinic is in Tuscaloosa, less than one hour's drive from Birmingham.
Clinic is next to hospital and expanding the midwifery services.
Clinic is on a sliding scale.
Clinic is on the left.
Clinic is particularly well-suited to serve Russian immigrants.
Clinic is staffed by registered nurses and lactation consultants.
Clinic is staffed by volunteer physicians.
Clinic is the Internet's leading Web-based PC security and maintenance service.
Clinic isa institution.
Clinic meets four times per year.
Clinic meets one afternoon weekly for surgical follow-up and new patient visits.
Clinic meets quarterly.
Clinic meets two to three times per month.
Clinic meets weekly.
Clinic offers a challenge to the student practitioner and is a tremendous confidence builder.
Clinic offers comprehensive assessment and treatment for children and adolescents.
Clinic offers patient transportation.
Clinic possesses a number of high-tech auto syringe drive loaders for ophioid administration.
Clinic provides acute and primary medical care.
Clinic provides evaluation, treatment, and counseling for all age groups.
Clinic provides first class and affordable hip replacement surgery.
Clinic run jointly by physicians and surgeons.
Clinic seeks kids with special needs.
Clinic start up consultations.
Clinics advise patients.
Clinics already spend a good deal of time and effort ensuring that frozen embryos suffer no damage.
Clinics also help children who are developmentally delayed.
Clinics also offer complete physical exams, counseling and classes in parenting, nutrition and more.
Clinics are also often the targets.
Clinics are another tremendous source of information.
Clinics are available and private lessons are offered by appointment.
Clinics are available at the three sites listed below.
Clinics are available every day.
Clinics are available for both children and adults.
Clinics are available for men, women, seniors, racers and prevailing snow conditions.
Clinics are available in Houston and surrounding areas.
Clinics are available on the following topics.
Clinics are available to all levels.
Clinics are available with morning, afternoon, or evening hours.
Clinics are available.
Clinics are by appointment only.
Clinics are by appointment.
Clinics are classes that prepare athletes for a sport.
Clinics are closed weekends, holidays, and during student vacations.
Clinics are debatable.
Clinics are extremely difficult to teach.
Clinics are for first-time skiers or snowboarders.
Clinics are for first-time skiers.
Clinics are for first-time snowboarders.
Clinics are free for all club members.
Clinics are free of charge.
Clinics are free.
Clinics are fun and interesting.
Clinics are good choices for teens.
Clinics are good places to meet other parents.
Clinics are in suburban sites.
Clinics are limited to four participants.
Clinics are limited to four students per instructor with a maximum of eight students.
Clinics are limited to six pilots.
Clinics are mandatory to insure teams players are equal in skill level.
Clinics are more expensive, individual practices are less.
Clinics are one and a half hours in duration.
Clinics are open for hearing, foot care, and blood pressure care.
Clinics are open for primary and acute outpatient care.
Clinics are open to all interested persons, free of charge.
Clinics are open to all skill levels and are taught by fully certified instructors.
Clinics are open to anglers of ALL skill levels.
Clinics are open to members and non-members alike.
Clinics are open to the public for viewing.
Clinics are open.
Clinics are outdoors in village squares.
Clinics are part of hospitals.
Clinics are part one of a three part certification process.
Clinics are particularly useful for introductory-level courses.
Clinics are really free to do whatever they want.
Clinics are run by doctors.
Clinics are run by specialists.
Clinics are sessions.
Clinics are the best way to bring large numbers of 'basement players' into mainstream table tennis.
Clinics are therefore a significant investment of faculty resources by the law school.
Clinics are three-day student conferences which consist of a full weekend of events and workshops.
Clinics are two mornings a week followed by a noontime teaching conference and formal rounds.
Clinics are under the direction of a golf professional with the assistance of staff.
Clinics are useful, but busy.
Clinics are usually three mornings per week.
Clinics begin .
Clinics bring money into a community and can be an asset in attracting new businesses.
Clinics can cover all areas of focus and all skill levels.
Clinics can have their own patented embryo lines , which they sell to researchers.
Clinics can have their own patented embryo lines, which they sell to researchers.
Clinics can include dozens of doctors, dentists or veterinarians, each listed separately.
Clinics can run from one hour to half-day.
Clinics can use diverse communications activities to publicize their services and attract clients.
Clinics consist of massage therapists and chiropractors also.
Clinics Contact our office for information on clinics.
Clinics cover basic tennis knowledge, i.e., grip, forehand, backhand, ground strokes, volley, etc.
Clinics emphasize fundamental rules of fair play .
Clinics end after all patients have been seen and staffed.
Clinics exist which deal with prostatitis on a pain management basis and in more conventional ways.
Clinics fill early but an active waiting list is maintained and often last-minute openings occur.
Clinics follow a negotiated fee structure for each contracted insurer or employer.
Clinics go all day and breakfast and lunch are included.
Clinics have facilities.
Clinics have medical facilities.
Clinics have policy.
Clinics have services.
Clinics have tables.
Clinics help llama, alpaca, and horse owners understand and work with their animals.
Clinics help treatments.
Clinics indicate that such a lifestyle leads to despair, disease, and drug addiction.
Clinics involve lots of mileage with others of similar age and ability.
Clinics involve lots of skiing with others with similar ability.
Clinics last approximately four hours.
Clinics Learn about related specialties, clinics and contacts.
Clinics listed below are special for children.
Clinics make judgment.
Clinics normally run from one to three days in length.
Clinics offer health services ranging from normal checkups to major surgery.
Clinics offer laboratory services.
Clinics offer services.
Clinics offer students the opportunity to handle real legal cases on behalf of actual clients.
Clinics offer techniques.
Clinics offering services to foreigners are available.
Clinics offers a new concept in skin renovation and rejuvenation.
Clinics open weekends to meet rising demand.
Clinics perform procedures.
Clinics perform therapy.
Clinics provide brief information on the basics of resume writing.
Clinics provide care.
Clinics provide exceptional quality.
Clinics provide follow information.
Clinics provide information.
Clinics provide inoculations against rabies and other dog and cat diseases.
Clinics provide quality.
Clinics provide regular access to a variety of specialists.
Clinics provide services.
Clinics provides information about our annual clinic.
Clinics Read about our plastic surgery and specialty clinics.
Clinics require drug tests.
Clinics require regular drug tests.
Clinics require tests.
Clinics run five weeks.
Clinics run for six weeks.
Clinics run the first week of an intramural sport season.
Clinics run year round and include spring break and summer sessions.
Clinics seek advice.
Clinics serve disadvantaged communities.
Clinics serve family members.
Clinics serve members.
Clinics start the first thing in the morning and run until late in the evening all week long.
Clinics take place on selected evenings.
Clinics to provide best customer services.
Clinics to provide care.
Clinics to provide customer services.
Clinics to provide medical care.
Clinics to provide services.
Clinics try to obtain medical records for patients prior to the appointments.
Clinics use methods.
Clinics always use local anaesthesia.
Clinics often call and ask for very costly overnight delivery of lamps.
Clinics often have lower fees than private practitioners.
Clinics often lead to lasting new friendships.
Clinics sometimes switch suppliers.
Clinics usually charge less than private doctors, and they sometimes offer fees based on income.
Clinics usually fill very quickly.
Clinics usually run one hour after school.
All clinics are free and open to the public.
All clinics are free of charge.
All clinics are independent.
All clinics are mandatory.
All clinics are one day unless otherwise specified.
All clinics are open and relevant to coaches of all youth sports.
All clinics are open to any Albany County resident.
All clinics are three hours per day in length.
All clinics are two hours in length.
All clinics are walk-in.
All clinics can offer flexible hours with advanced arrangements.
All clinics deal with general surgical problems as well as trauma referrals and follow-ups.
All clinics have a written protocol for reporting and treating percutaneous injuries.
All clinics have day and evening hours and are conveniently located on or near bus lines.
All clinics have day and evening hours available and are conveniently located on or near bus lines.
All clinics have staff available to discuss appropriate care options.
All clinics offer gynaecological and routine antenatal care for African women.
All clinics provide maternal health care and carry on immunization programs.
All clinics provide yellow fever, meningococcal, and pneumococcal vaccines unless noted otherwise.
All clinics utilize advanced simulators and video critique.
Every clinic has a different system for naming their clients in order to keep their anonymity.
Every clinic has a number of participants who have quit in the past for one year or longer.
Every clinic has at least one or two patients who do well and have adjusted to the dialysis regime.
Every clinic has the waiver available.
Every clinic is organized to give each student individual attention.
Every clinic seems to date a pregnancy a little differently.
Many clinics also give nutritional counseling, relaxation training and exercise therapy.
Many clinics also offer evening hours.
Many clinics also offer great incentives on pet care.
Many clinics also offer training in biofeedback techniques.
Many clinics are overwhelmed.
Many clinics are seriously overcrowded, leading to delays for patients.
Many clinics are situated in the community to overcome barriers to access for clients.
Many clinics now have special teen programs.
Many clinics offer free screening near the beginning of each school year.
Many clinics provide services for donor egg and embryo cycles.
Many clinics provide specialized primary care services for males.
Many clinics require an appointment, so please call first.
Many clinics specialize in cryonic storage.
Many clinics use computers for payment information and for dosing.
More Clinics are in the process of being scheduled.
Most clinics advise patients.
Most clinics also offer counseling prior to the abortion.
Most clinics also provide cancer screening.
Most clinics are free of charge.
Most clinics are full for riders but auditors are always welcome.
Most clinics are in or near major cities.
Most clinics are run by doctors.
Most clinics are run by specialists.
Most clinics charge only for services performed and return money for cancelled treatments.
Most clinics have but a few hundred coaches in attendance.
Most clinics have evening appointments available.
Most clinics have facilities.
Most clinics have medical facilities.
Most clinics have policy.
Most clinics have services.
Most clinics have tables.
Most clinics have their own range of hair tonics, shampoos and conditioners.
Most clinics help treatments.
Most clinics make judgment.
Most clinics offer laboratory services.
Most clinics offer school discounts for staff attending the affair together.
Most clinics offer services.
Most clinics offer techniques.
Most clinics perform procedures.
Most clinics perform therapy.
Most clinics provide care.
Most clinics provide either confidential or anonymous testing.
Most clinics provide exceptional quality.
Most clinics provide follow information.
Most clinics provide information.
Most clinics provide quality.
Most clinics provide services.
Most clinics require appointments.
Most clinics require drug tests.
Most clinics require regular drug tests.
Most clinics require tests.
Most clinics seek advice.
Most clinics serve family members.
Most clinics serve members.
Most clinics use commercial garbage disposals to get rid of the bodies of aborted babies.
Most clinics use methods.
Some clinics achieve even better results.
Some clinics advertise themselves as licensed private practices.
Some clinics allegedly use out of date, dirty or damaged dialysis equipment.
Some clinics allow it.
Some clinics also have an in-house pharmacy and hearing testing facilities.
Some clinics also offer assistance while parents are in the birth country.
Some clinics also offer package accommodations.
Some clinics also perform abortions and provide prenatal care.
Some clinics also require a formal test.
Some clinics are also open to second-year students.
Some clinics are by appointment only and payment is by donation.
Some clinics are for allages and others adults only.
Some clinics are more open than others to allowing the owner to stay during euthanasia.
Some clinics are operated , or run , by employers .
Some clinics are operated, or run, by employers.
Some clinics arrange for duty counsel to provide assistance at administrative tribunals.
Some clinics can use DNA tests to type warts.
Some clinics get more extensive than others.
Some clinics have a lab line patients can call.
Some clinics have longer hours than others.
Some clinics have malpractice judgments pending due to substandard care or injuries.
Some clinics have private rooms.
Some clinics have their own case conferences and lecture series.
Some clinics have types.
Some clinics insist on counselling before offering certain treatments.
Some clinics involve modified physical examinations.
Some clinics make decisions.
Some clinics now offer bone scans.
Some clinics now serve young women before their first birth, or welcome young men as clients.
Some clinics offer anew oral test as well as the blood test.
Some clinics offer both the flu shot and the pneu shot.
Some clinics offer care.
Some clinics offer medical care.
Some clinics offer packages, which lower the cost of individual treatments.
Some clinics offer pregnancy testing free of charge or at a reduced rate.
Some clinics offer rapid detoxification under general anaesthetic.
Some clinics offer special hours for boys and young men.
Some clinics only do therapy on weekdays, others are more flexible and do weekends and evenings.
Some clinics operate in canadian provinces.
Some clinics operate in provinces.
Some clinics perform the transfer with the patient in the knee-chest position.
Some clinics prefer to return all calls at one time.
Some clinics produce new clinic modules, some update existing modules.
Some clinics provide satisfactory health services.
Some clinics provide shot.
Some clinics report students.
Some clinics require appointments.
Some clinics require children and parents to be at the clinic much of the day.
Some clinics require patients to sign a consent form.
Some clinics run year round and others are on academic calendars.
Some clinics see more than the average number of patients with difficult infertility problems.
Some clinics seek applications.
Some clinics serve ethiopian families.
Some clinics serve families.
Some clinics specialize in pain, headaches, stress, burnout, etc.
Some clinics supplement their funding with grants or contracts.
Some clinics think so.
Some clinics treat more young patients, who have a better chance of success.
Some clinics use it only for severe male factor infertility, and some use it on every case.
Some clinics use psoralen and indoor ultraviolet light treatments.
Clinical activities can also serve as the basis of research projects.
Clinical activities consist of both outpatient and inpatient services.
Clinical activities dominate the resident year.
Clinical activities encompass day, evening and weekend times.
Clinical activities involve both inpatient and outpatient experiences with eating disorders.
Clinical activities occur during the evening or on weekends.
Clinical activity begins in the second year.
Clinical acumen is the most important.
Clinical acumen remains critical in obtaining the proper diagnosis.
Clinical advice is required to ascertain the appropriate setting for the patient.
Clinical affiliations are an essential part of the program.
Clinical agencies have the right to enforce policies regarding substance abuse.
Most clinical agencies have minimal or no secure space for storage of personal items.
A clinical anatomy is an anatomy
Clinical anatomy is emphasized.
Clinical anatomy is included.
Clinical appearance is an essential diagnostic feature of lichen planus.
Clinical application focuses on the care giver and leadership roles of the nurse.
Clinical application is emphasised wherever possible.
Clinical application is relevant to dentistry, medicine, physiotherapy and surgery.
Clinical application is to inner ear and balance disorders.
Clinical application occurs in a variety of settings.
Clinical application occurs in structured settings, homes and community settings.
Clinical application relates the processes of diagnosis, treatment, and prevention.
Clinical application takes place in a variety of pediatric settings.
Clinical application takes place on medical-surgical units in acute care settings.
Clinical approval is required.
Clinical aptitude is encouraged by clinical practice.
Clinical area is acute care.
Clinical areas have priority over all other requests.
All clinical areas promote specialist and general training opportunities.
Clinical assessment is an advanced course for doctoral students.
Clinical assessment scales, software, etc. to support clinical practice.
Clinical assignments are in addition to weekly classes.
Clinical assignments are part of each semester's work.
Clinical assignments begin.
Clinical assignments provide on the job experience.
Clinical assignments provide opportunity for observation of concepts in practice.
Clinical assignments require critiquing of sonograms.
Clinical assignments vary.
Clinical assistants give medicine to the students.
Clinical attire is the basic clothing ensemble worn for dental treatment.
Clinical attire is to be professional and is determined by each affiliate.
Clinical audit can be a practical way of encouraging clinicians to review and change their practice.
Clinical audit refers to audit carried out by any health care worker and includes medical audit.
Clinical background is in worker rehabilitation and management.
Many clinical benefits are likely to arise from a better understanding of human development.
Clinical biochemists are passionate about their profession.
Clinical biochemistry is an analytical and interpretative science.
Clinical biochemistry is taught as an optional subject as well.
Clinical call is shared with attending faculty.
Clinical care is organized into units by either function or population.
Clinical care is streamlined and participation in experimental research protocols is possible.
Clinical case reports.
Clinical cases do occur, however.
Clinical cases occur in two stages.
Clinical cases provide an adequate breadth of experience.
Clinical cases reinforce the material, providing a practical approach to patient care.
Clinical cases suggest that they handle emotional expression.
Clinical casework begins with the period of practical experience.
Clinical certification is preferred.
Clinical charts are available for boys and for girls.
Clinical chemists develop new lab tests for diagnosis and treatment.
Clinical chemists measure the serum enzyme level as an index of prostatic cancer.
Clinical chemistry employs complex testing procedures for blood and other body fluids.
Clinical chemistry is academic journals.
Clinical chemistry is recommended.
Clinical chemistry uses chemical processes to measure levels of chemical components in the blood.
Clinical clerkships are a means of training professional psychologists.
Clinical clerkships are a turning point in medical school.
Clinical clerkships follow the period of research required for the Ph.D. thesis.
Clinical clues guide the diagnosis.
Clinical coccidiosis does occur, albeit occasionally, in older cattle.
Clinical coccidiosis is diagnosed by finding significant numbers of parasites in the feces.
Clinical communication is stressed.
Clinical competence is assessed throughout the course.
Clinical competence is the absolutely essential requirement for many positions.
Clinical competencies are skills or tasks associated with a particular class.
Clinical competencies are to be successfully completed in the areas mentioned above.
Clinical competencies are to be successfully completed on the chest and extremities.
Clinical complications are uncommon.
Clinical component is required.
Clinical components utilize nursing process, emphasizing planning and implementation.
Clinical concentrations are cardiology and oncology.
Clinical condition is excellent.
Clinical conferences are important learning and teaching experiences.
Clinical conferences explore selective patient health problems to enhance critical thinking skills.
Clinical conferences focus on the diagnosis and management of complex acute care problems.
Clinical consultants are an expensive resource relative to business managers.
Clinical consultants are responsible for all areas of the laboratory unless otherwise noted.
Clinical consultation is available upon request.
Clinical content emphasizes an intervention modality and client population or field of practice.
Clinical content is integrated into the second-year clerkships.
Clinical correlates examine normal movement and pathological processes.
Clinical correlation is advised.
Clinical correlation is necessary.
Clinical correlation is needed.
Clinical correlation is recommended.
Clinical correlation is requested.
Clinical correlation is required.
Clinical correlation is suggested.
Clinical correlations illustrate the basic biochemical mechanisms.
Clinical correlations relate each system to the podiatric medical practice.
Clinical correlations serve two purposes.
Clinical cosmetology is the beginning of a new specialty in aesthetics.
Clinical course focuses on unmet needs of a small group of patients.
Clinical courses are available only to enrolled medical students.
Clinical courses meet additional hours, to be arranged after classes begin.
Clinical courses place students in the role of the professional.
Clinical courses provide experiences in acute-care hospitals and community settings.
Clinical courses provide students the opportunity to apply theoretical knowledge to practice.
Clinical courses provide students with the opportunity to apply theoretical knowledge to practice.
Clinical courses start from the fourth year, span over the three years.
All clinical courses have a service learning clinical community component.
All clinical courses require students to be on call and available for the duration of the course.
Most clinical courses are in consequence offered twice a year.
Most clinical courses meet in small groups.
Clinical coursework is available as a day option only.
Clinical credits are unequal to lecture credits.
Clinical criteria are often poorly defined and the reliability insufficiently tested.
Clinical data are limited regarding drug interactions with zanamivir.
Clinical data can accurately predict abnormal results of common outpatient laboratory tests.
Clinical data is preserved in a computerized database.
Clinical data show that high but variable sputum concentrations are achieved.
Clinical data suggest that patients do better with earlier therapy.
Clinical data supports twice-daily dosing as more effective.
All clinical data is stored in a structured medical record.
Clinical death means the heartbeat and breathing have stopped.
Clinical death occurs.
Clinical decision making concerning pharmacotherapy for patients with specific needs is explored.
Clinical decisions are an integral part of the relationship between the clinician and the consumer.
Every clinical decision has resource implications.
Clinical demonstration is highly heterogenous.
Clinical demonstrations expose students to several neurological disorders.
Clinical departments assume responsibility for mentoring students in the clinical years.
Clinical departments use autopsy findings for monthly quality assurance conferences.
A clinical depression is an emotional disturbance
Clinical depression affects men and women of all ages and races.
Clinical depression affects mood, mind, body and behavior.
Clinical depression affects mood, mind, body, and behavior.
Clinical depression afflicts many women with heart disease but effective treatments are available.
Clinical depression can be a medical problem that only medication can help.
Clinical depression can cause extreme fatigue.
Clinical depression can contribute to eating disorders.
Clinical depression can lead to a breakdown in mental functioning and even suicide.
Clinical depression can occur in any woman, regardless of age, race or income.
Clinical depression can occur to anyone, at any age, and to people of any race or ethnic group.
Clinical depression can strike anyone, anytime.
Clinical depression goes beyond sadness.
Clinical depression goes much further than just feeling down.
Clinical depression interferes with and disrupts a person's job and family life.
Clinical depression involves more than just feeling blue.
Clinical depression is a common emotional disorder which affects both body and mind.
Clinical depression is a common illness that usually goes unrecognized.
Clinical depression is a common, frequently unrecognized illness that can be effectively treated.
Clinical depression is a complex illness that can be triggered by many things.
Clinical depression is a difficult concept for the lay person to understand.
Clinical depression is a disease much like any other, resulting from a chemical imbalance.
Clinical depression is a disease which needs to be treated with proper medication.
Clinical depression is a given.
Clinical depression is a highly treatable disorder which has a variety of causes.
Clinical depression is a lot more common than most people think.
Clinical depression is a low, unhappy, irritable mood and it s there every day, all the time.
Clinical depression is a medical illness that attacks both the mind and the body.
Clinical depression is a medical illness that can be effectively treated, in most cases.
Clinical depression is a mental illness.
Clinical depression is a real illness, and needs to be treated as such.
Clinical depression is a real problem that affects real women.
Clinical depression is a serious and prevalent mental illness with tremendous costs for society.
Clinical depression is a serious but treatable illness.
Clinical depression is a serious health problem that affects the total person.
Clinical depression is a serious health problem that impacts the total person.
Clinical depression is a serious illness that affects mind, mood, body and behavior.
Clinical depression is a serious medical disorder that can be debilitating and can lead to suicide.
Clinical depression is a serious medical disorder that, in many cases, can be treated.
Clinical depression is a serious physical illness that affects the entire person.
Clinical depression is a serious, but common illness that is treatable.
Clinical depression is a serious, dangerous condition that needs attention right away.
Clinical depression is a treatable illness that can strike anyone at any age.
Clinical depression is a very treatable illness.
Clinical depression is a very treatable medical illness.
Clinical depression is a whole body disorder.
Clinical depression is an illness that needs medical attention just like any other illness.
Clinical depression is an illness, and it requires specific treatment.
Clinical depression is an illness.
Clinical depression is any of a group of illnesses called mood disorders.
Clinical depression is associated with poor recovery from stroke.
Clinical depression is caused due a variety of causes.
Clinical depression is characterized by a list of symptoms that last over a long period of time.
Clinical depression is common, but very treatable.
Clinical depression is more serious than simply feeling blue.
Clinical depression is more than twice as common in women than in men.
Clinical depression is much more severe and lasts far longer than normal.
Clinical depression is often a factor.
Clinical depression is one of the most common illnesses.
Clinical depression is one of the most treatable types of mental illness in America.
Clinical depression is one proven side-effect.
Clinical depression is rampant.
Clinical depression is readily treatable with counseling and medication.
Clinical depression is something else again.
Clinical depression is the most common of the psychiatric disorders.
Clinical depression is the most commonly diagnosed emotional problem.
Clinical depression is the most prevalent mental illness in the USA today.
Clinical depression is twice as common in women as it is in men.
Clinical depression is very common.
Clinical depression is very different.
Clinical depression lasts for a long period of time.
Clinical depression lasts for at least three months.
Clinical depression lasts for much longer periods of time and has more symptoms.
Clinical depression needs professional help.
Clinical depression needs to be taken seriously and is very treatable.
Clinical depression refers to a condition serious enough to require professional treatment.
Clinical depression requires professional treatment.
Clinical depression stays around two weeks or more and, if untreated, can stay around a long time.
Clinical depression varies in form from mild to moderate to severe.
Clinical depression wears many masks other than sadness.
Clinical details remain due to the excellent tear strength properties.
Clinical development continues through the products approval and use in the marketplace.
Clinical development is an outstanding example of such a process.
Clinical diagnosis is based on signs, symptoms and laboratory findings.
Clinical diagnosis is confirmed by decreased lysyl hydroxylase activity.
Clinical diagnosis is one of exclusions, especially to rule out stroke or tumors.
Clinical diagnosis is the best approach.
Clinical diagnosis offers a number of benefits.
Clinical dietitians are available to assist with any nutritional needs.
Clinical dietitians ensure dietary management while meeting the patient's nutritional needs.
Clinical dietitians identify patients at nutritional risk and plan nutrition intervention as needed.
Clinical dietitians work in a hospital setting in a patient-oriented role.
Clinical dietitians work in hospitals and nursing homes.
Clinical dietitians work in hospitals as members of the health care team.
Clinical dietitians work on medical teams in healthcare facilities.
Clinical dietitians work with patients in hospitals and nursing homes.
Some clinical dietitians manage small food service departments.
Some clinical dietitians specialize in the type of patient they help.
Clinical direction is received from professional staff.
Clinical directors hold office initially for a three year term.
Clinical disease appears to depend upon the age and condition of the bird when exposed to the virus.
Clinical disease is a sequel of heavy infection.
Clinical disease is common among adults, but infrequent among children.
Clinical disorders focus on gastrointestinal, neurological, and musculi-skeletal systems.
Clinical disorders focus on the endocrine, cardiovascular, and respiratory systems.
Some clinical divisions maintain their own subspecialty conferences for residents on rotation.
Clinical documentation is kept confidential unless directed by the student.
Clinical documentation is required.
Clinical dosimetry based on such a system is much simpler than that based on air kerma calibrations.
Clinical Duties Be available to serve as a consultant expert in palliative care.
Clinical duties involve ensuring that clients needs are accurately assessed and effectively treated.
Clinical duties require a reasonable level of manual dexterity and visual acuity.
Clinical ecologists believe trace chemicals in the environment cause all kinds of maladies.
Clinical ecology is a scam.
Clinical ecology sucks in potential plaintiffs like some enormous, indiscriminate vacuum cleaner.
Clinical education has both a acute and a chronic care focus.
Clinical education is a cooperative effort of the students, clinicians, and the academicians.
Clinical education is a major component of the degree program.
Clinical education is complemented by a strong academic program in the basic clinical sciences.
Clinical education is included.
Clinical education is integrated through the curriculum.
Clinical education is integrated throughout the curriculum.
Clinical education is offered at intervals throughout the professional phase of the program.
Clinical education is part of our curriculum right from the start.
Clinical education is provided by credentialed, college, clinical faculty.
Clinical education is provided.
Clinical education is the study of law through faculty supervised client representation.
Clinical education plays an important role in the evolution of the program.
Clinical educators are available to induct new staff and provide ongoing clinical education.
Clinical effects are difficult to predict.
Clinical effects occur within minutes and can last several hours.
Clinical effectiveness continues to evolve.
Clinical effectiveness involves getting research into practice to improve health outcomes.
Clinical effectiveness is about doing the right thing right.
Clinical effectiveness is above all concerned with the quality of care.
Clinical electives are available in virtually every area, both at UVa and away, or even overseas.
Clinical electives are on a space available basis.
Clinical electrocardiograms make up such a class of signals.
Clinical eligibility is a multi-step process.
Clinical emergencies receive prompt attention.
Clinical emphasis is directed toward providing basic care of the elderly client.
Every clinical encounter starts with diagnosis.
Clinical engineers feel the excitement of applying the latest technology to health care.
Clinical engineering is involved because the gas feeds into some of the equipment they maintain.
Clinical engineering is the application of technology for health care in hospitals.
Clinical epidemiology evaluates factors that are related to variation in the outcomes of illness.
Clinical epidemiology is a relatively new concept for sleep medicine.
Clinical epidemiology is the application of epidemiological methods to clinical decision making.
Clinical epidemiology is the study of the nature of health-related states in patients with disease.
Every clinical episode is costly and the impact can be significant in the short term.
Clinical equipment is available to supervised students for practicums and research purposes.
Clinical errors contribute to about half of all iatrogenic events.
Clinical evaluation is inadequate to predict simple sympathetic effusion from complicated effusion.
Clinical evaluations are on a referral only basis.
Clinical evidence indicates that androgens have inhibitory effects on breast cancer.
Clinical evidence is available.
Clinical evidence is inconclusive.
Clinical evidence is made for brain and mind.
Clinical evidence is summarized in a systematic, structured way.
Clinical evidence shows limited effect of antibiotic treatment on children with acute otitis media.
Clinical evidence shows that academic achievement depends on visual abilities.
Clinical evidence shows that such side effects are rare and reversible.
Clinical evidence suggests that chronic pain occurs more often in girls.
Clinical exam is more like detective work .
Clinical examination following the coin removal is generally sufficient.
Clinical examination includes anterior rhinoscopy and nasal endoscopy.
Clinical examination is difficult and inconclusive.
Clinical examination is of little help in diagnosing hemiagenesis.
Clinical examination is often normal.
Clinical examination is recommended as the initial investigation in all cases.
Clinical examination reveals no jaundice or lymphadenopathy.
Clinical examination reveals variable general abdominal tenderness along the course of the colon.
Clinical examination shows deformities in almost every tested joint.
Clinical examples illustrate the main themes.
Clinical excellence is more than a goal here.
Clinical excellence is the foundation for practical success.
Clinical excellence requires experience.
Clinical experience applies theory to the patient situation.
Clinical experience begins during the first semester.
Clinical experience begins in the junior year and is closely integrated with academic coursework.
Clinical experience begins in the sophomore year and continues throughout the college experiences.
Clinical experience can be concurrent with obtaining the baccalaureate degree.
Clinical experience confirms benefits for the treatment of anxiety.
Clinical experience continues in medical-surgical nursing and gerontology.
Clinical experience continues to be two seven-hour days per week.
Clinical experience does include some nights, weekends and travel.
Clinical experience emphasizes care of the geriatric client and concepts of mental health.
Clinical experience focuses on the performance of health assessments.
Clinical experience helps students achieve competency.
Clinical experience includes a practicum in the student's area of interest.
Clinical experience includes activities in operating room central processing areas.
Clinical experience includes acute care and a family care study.
Clinical experience includes care of children from birth through adolescence.
Clinical experience includes high quality supervision in individual, family and group therapy.
Clinical experience includes inpatient and outpatient facilities.
Clinical experience includes modified barium swallow procedures.
Clinical experience includes nights, weekends and some travel.
Clinical experience includes serving as scrub or circulating technician during surgical procedures.
Clinical experience includes the management of complex patients on a combines medical-surgical ward.
Clinical experience incorporates independent, health enhancing nursing interventions.
Clinical experience is a class and a state requirement.
Clinical experience is a program requirement, and no stipend or salary is provided.
Clinical experience is a reciprocal arrangement.
Clinical experience is a requirement for all education majors in Florida.
Clinical experience is an important aspect of the training.
Clinical experience is an integral part of the course.
Clinical experience is an integral part of the occupational health nursing component.
Clinical experience is arranged in settings which meet the student's individual interests.
Clinical experience is augmented by an active didactic program.
Clinical experience is available in local, regional, and national health care agencies.
Clinical experience is broad and intense.
Clinical experience is complemented by an extensive didactic program.
Clinical experience is correlated with classroom and laboratory duties.
Clinical experience is correlated with theory in the biological and behavioral sciences.
Clinical experience is critical to most cases.
Clinical experience is defined as providing direct care to clients with acute or chronic illness.
Clinical experience is defined to go with the learning plan.
Clinical experience is designed for application of theory to patient care.
Clinical experience is desired.
Clinical experience is distributed during all three years.
Clinical experience is done in local health care facilities, hospitals, and offices.
Clinical experience is expanded to allow for more complex student-patient interaction.
Clinical experience is gained in both the inpatient and outpatient setting.
Clinical experience is gained in general and contrast radiography and paediatric radiography.
Clinical experience is guided and monitored by the cooperating teacher.
Clinical experience is held off campus.
Clinical experience is important.
Clinical experience is included throughout the program.
Clinical experience is included.
Clinical experience is increased to two seven- hour days per week.
Clinical experience is integrated throughout the curriculum through enhanced clinical experiences.
Clinical experience is integrated with didactic presentations.
Clinical experience is necessary.
Clinical experience is obtained at affiliated laboratories.
Clinical experience is obtained at an affiliating hospital.
Clinical experience is obtained in both primary and secondary care facilities.
Clinical experience is obtained in long-term and acute medical and surgical care settings.
Clinical experience is obtained in secondary and tertiary facilities.
Clinical experience is obtained in secondary care facilities.
Clinical experience is obtained in the acute care, hospital setting.
Clinical experience is obtained in the surgical departments of affiliated hospitals.
Clinical experience is obtained in the technically current dental clinic.
Clinical experience is offered with clients across the life span.
Clinical experience is preferred.
Clinical experience is programmed for gradually increasing resident responsibility.
Clinical experience is provided at local area hospitals.
Clinical experience is provided at local hospitals and health agencies.
Clinical experience is provided at many area hospitals and clinics.
Clinical experience is provided by various facilities.
Clinical experience is provided in acute care facilities.
Clinical experience is provided in extended care facilities.
Clinical experience is provided in general hospitals, public and private agencies.
Clinical experience is provided in hospital and community settings.
Clinical experience is provided in hospitals and other health care settings in the community.
Clinical experience is provided in psychiatric units.
Clinical experience is provided in residential care facilities.
Clinical experience is provided in specialized units, public and private agencies.
Clinical experience is provided in the hospital environment.
Clinical experience is provided through clerkships and externships.
Clinical experience is provided with each nursing course.
Clinical experience is required for some, especially doctoral programs.
Clinical experience is scheduled in chronic care hospitals and medical units in acute care settings.
Clinical experience is self-paced with minimum departmental requirements.
Clinical experience is still essential.
Clinical experience is supplemented by participation in daily conferences, lectures and seminars.
Clinical experience is taken into consideration.
Clinical experience is varied.
Clinical experience managing the care of one or two patients is provided.
Clinical experience occurs during the senior year and utilizes local affiliated institutions.
Clinical experience occurs primarily in an acute care facility.
Clinical experience provides a vital link between educational theory and practice.
Clinical experience provides administration of medications to adult clients.
Clinical experience provides the opportunity to apply individualized plans of care.
Clinical experience provides the precepted hours necessary for certification in specialty practice.
Clinical experience says that.
Clinical experience shows that such suicidal ideation disappears when the depression is treated.
Clinical experience stresses diagnostic skills, complex restorative care, and esthetic dentistry.
Clinical experience suggests that relief of homophobia allows for better psychological functioning.
Clinical experience suggests that wheat allergy is relatively uncommon.
Clinical experience takes place in a long term care facility and community facilities.
Clinical experiences address the care of children with commonly occurring illnesses.
Clinical experiences address the commonly occurring health problems having predictable outcomes.
Clinical experiences allow a student to apply theory in a clinical setting with a preceptor.
Clinical experiences allow integration of the previous didactic courses.
Clinical experiences are a component of every semester.
Clinical experiences are an integral part of the nursing major.
Clinical experiences are available in a large teaching hospital in Dublin, Ireland.
Clinical experiences are important.
Clinical experiences are in a variety of settings.
Clinical experiences are in both acute and long-term care.
Clinical experiences are in college laboratory and nursing home.
Clinical experiences are in hospital, clinic, and community settings.
Clinical experiences are in public, private, community, and international primary care settings.
Clinical experiences are interwoven throughout a student's program.
Clinical experiences are unpaid external experiences.
Clinical experiences are unpaid external learning experiences.
Clinical experiences are unpaid learning experiences.
Clinical experiences are usually memorable for law students.
Clinical experiences are wide and varied.
Clinical experiences begin at second semester sophomore level.
Clinical experiences begin in the first semester of nursing and are held all over the Tucson area.
Clinical experiences begin in the first weeks and are continuous.
Clinical experiences begin in the first year, interspersed with the preclinical courses.
Clinical experiences begin the first week and continues for three weeks.
Clinical experiences begin with the first year of the program.
Clinical experiences continue in a variety of ambulatory and long term care settings.
Clinical experiences continue to emphasize the provider of care role.
Clinical experiences emphasize ambulatory training.
Clinical experiences emphasize the pro-vider of care role.
Clinical experiences encompass clients across the age span in primary and long term care settings.
Clinical experiences extend on-campus experiences.
Clinical experiences focus on enactment of the professional nurse role in a concentrated practicum.
Clinical experiences focus on individual s responses to illness.
Clinical experiences focus on patients with acute medical and mental health needs.
Clinical experiences focus on the provision of care in promoting adaptation of adult clients.
Clinical experiences illustrate guidelines for ethical and professional behavior.
Clinical experiences involve working with clients in both community and hospital settings.
Clinical experiences occur during days, evenings, nights and weekends.
Clinical experiences occur in a variety of community agencies.
Clinical experiences occur in a variety of distributive health-care settings.
Clinical experiences occur in a variety of health care settings.
Clinical experiences occur in a variety of settings.
Clinical experiences occur in acute care agencies.
Clinical experiences occur in acute care and community agencies.
Clinical experiences occur in acute care and community health settings.
Clinical experiences occur in acute care and community settings.
Clinical experiences occur in acute care and in community setting.
Clinical experiences occur in acute care and long term care settings.
Clinical experiences occur in acute care settings.
Clinical experiences occur in acute, long term, and community agencies.
Clinical experiences occur in inpatient settings, including intensive care units.
Clinical experiences occur in inpatient, outpatient, and community settings.
Clinical experiences occur in primary and long term care settings.
Clinical experiences occur in the acute care setting and in the community.
Clinical experiences occur primarily in extended care facilities, community agencies and the home.
Clinical experiences provide for holistic care across the life span with emphasis on childbearing.
Clinical experiences provide forays into future practices.
Clinical experiences provide the opportunity to apply theory to practice.
Clinical experiences require blocks of time during the day.
Clinical experiences require students to provide their own means of reliable transportation.
Clinical experiences require the application of theory to the clinical setting.
Clinical experiences take place in a psychiatric hospital and in the community.
Clinical experiences take place in a variety of community settings.
Clinical experiences take place in a variety of settings.
Clinical experiences take place in acute care settings.
Clinical experiences take place in various health care facilities.
Clinical experiences take place near the student's community.
Clinical experiences utilize critical care units.
Most clinical experiences are in community agencies.
Some clinical experience is arranged on an individual basis.
Some clinical experience is essential.
Some clinical experience is provided.
Some clinical experience is recommended.
Clinical experts are essential for judging many aspects of clinical performance.
Clinical experts provide current medical information and news on health topics.
Clinical expertise is developed via the application of the nursing process.
Clinical expertise is gained through the sis weks of internships served.
Clinical expertise refers to the clinician's cumulated experience, education and clinical skills.
Clinical exposure begins within the first five months of the curriculum.
Clinical facilities reside in consortium hospitals.
All clinical facilities are accessible to the physically handicapped.
Clinical faculty are active in practice and provide access to the clinical model and experience.
Clinical faculty are extensively involved in the teaching program.
Clinical faculty are responsible for exclusion of students from clinical setting.
Clinical faculty continue to be a vital part of the orthopedic surgery residency training program.
Clinical faculty face an equally daunting task.
Clinical faculty have the option of adjusting the journal format based on clinical needs.
Clinical faculty participate in and supervise the casework throughout the semester.
Clinical faculty provide weekly individual and group supervision of therapy conducted by students.
Clinical faculty serve as instructors, providing students with regular feedback.
Clinical faculty volunteer their time to precept students in clinical sites.
All clinical faculty are on term appointments.
All clinical faculty follow a rotating schedule to provide coverage.
Most clinical faculty are private practitioners, who usually practice one day per week.
Most clinical faculty can earn as much as they require through private practice.
Most clinical faculty come to the university campus.
Clinical features are really pretty similar to X-linked agammaglobulinemia.
Clinical features are to some extent age-dependent.
Clinical features are usually present.
Clinical features concentrate on leading edge developments.
Clinical features play a key role in diagnosis.
Clinical features range from mild lassitude or personality change to incapacitating dementia.
Clinical features reflect the sum of deficits at several anatomic sites.
Clinical features suggest brain stem involvement.
Clinical features vary according to the route of intoxication and toxin dose.
Clinical features vary greatly and relate to the sites of involvement.
Clinical feedback is important for guidelines to work.
Clinical fellows can undertake clinical research projects during the clinical year.
Clinical fellows work under the auspices of one of the research Branches.
Clinical fellowships are also available at each hospital for recently qualified cardiac surgeons.
Clinical fieldwork emphasizes the refinement of assessment and diagnostic skills.
Clinical findings are dependent upon the degree of fibular hypoplasia.
Clinical findings are nonspecific with fever and jaundice being the most common.
Clinical findings depend on the extent and location of the lesions.
Most clinical fungicides belong to the azole group .
Clinical geneticists are based in regional genetics centres.
Clinical geneticists are medical doctors with special training in genetics.
Clinical geneticists are still somewhat divided in their views on sex selection.
Some clinical geneticists have private practices.
Clinical goals are to minimize symptoms and prevent re-hospitalizations.
Clinical gout is uncommon in sickle cell disease.
Clinical governance demands reflection and life-long learning.
Clinical governance is a framework for ensuring the delivery of high quality care.
Clinical governance is about counting.
Clinical governance is about openness.
Clinical governance is about protecting patients.
Clinical governance is about technology.
Clinical governance is about treating employees as equals.
Clinical governance is neither a panacea nor an optional extra.
Clinical governance is quality development in action.
Clinical governance requires that the quality of medical care be continuously monitored.
Clinical governance strikes terror in some while enthusing others.
Clinical grades are on a pass-fail basis.
Clinical groups meet.
Clinical guidelines are a popular product.
Clinical guidelines are a reality.
Clinical guidelines are available from many national sources.
Clinical guidelines are powerful tools to aid clinicians in day to day practice.
Clinical guidelines are useful for patients and doctors concerned with standards of practice.
Clinical guidelines can be helpful or dangerous, depending on how they are developed.
Clinical hallmark is proximal limb and neck weakness sometimes associated with muscle pain.
Clinical history is a very good tool.
Clinical history is extremely important and can influence interpretation.
Clinical history is important.
Clinical history is usually helpful in determining the source of the injury.
Clinical homeostasis is the condition when a patient s system is in balance.
Clinical hours are a part of the required curriculum.
Clinical hours are a scheduled course within the program curriculum.
Clinical hours are part of the required curriculum.
Clinical hours are varied and can include evening hours.
Clinical hours listed are hours per week.
Clinical hours vary throughout the year.
Clinical hours vary.
All clinical hours are agency based.
Clinical hypnosis can help people quit smoking.
Clinical hypnosis is a gentle experience.
Clinical hypnosis is conceptualized and approached as a system of skilled communication.
Clinical hypnosis is effective and more economical for the patient.
Clinical hypnotists do essentially three things with hypnosis.
Clinical illness lasts a few days to three weeks or more.
Clinical images are also under investigation.
Clinical images are from a different male patient with the same diagnosis.
Clinical implications are as follows.
Clinical indications are troubled breathing, and in some dogs, coughing.
Clinical information can accompany images.
Clinical information can also be useful when submitting unusual claims.
Clinical information can be of help when deciding to look for mutations.
Clinical information concerning medication therapy is provided to health care professionals.
Clinical information is also necessary for an accurate diagnosis.
Clinical information is an integral part of laboratory diagnosis.
Clinical information is especially important in interpretation of endocrine tests.
Clinical information is outdated.
Clinical information refers to the data contained in the patient record.
Clinical information suggests therapeutic effectiveness against many common chronic conditions.
All clinical information pertaining to a patient is centralized in the patient's medical record.
More clinical information is needed to make treatment recommendations.
Clinical initiatives continue in all sections.
Clinical insanity is how far a person is from sanity.
Clinical instruction includes health record coding and related functions.
Clinical instruction is a major emphasis of the curriculum.
Clinical instruction is incorporated through progressive practica throughout all seven semesters.
Clinical instruction is offered in all of the clinical disciplines.
Clinical instruction is offered in numerous state of the art medical centers in Southern California.
Clinical instruction is provided at several hospitals throughout the state of Michigan.
Clinical instruction is provided by both CRNAs and physician anesthesiologists.
Clinical instruction is provided throughout the program.
Clinical instruction is provided year-round.
Clinical instruction is scheduled during the business hours of the clinic.
Clinical instruction is supplemented by seminars.
All clinical instruction occurs in the valley.
Clinical instructors are one of our programs greatest strengths.
Clinical instructors can interact with students and peer professionals via discussion groups.
Most clinical interactions take place on the doctor's turf and at the doctor's convenience.
Clinical interest includes assisted reproduction, endometriosis and infertility.
Clinical interests are connective tissue diseases, scleroderma lung disease, and fasciitis.
Clinical interests are in the areas of dysphagia and adult neuropathology.
Clinical interests are related to oncology and hematology.
Clinical interests lie in assessment and individual and conjoint family therapy.
Clinical internship extends through the summer semester or year two.
Clinical internship includes a one credit hour on-campus lecture component.
Clinical internship is required of all students.
Some clinical internships involve sitting in on therapists sessions.
Clinical investigation continues to refine selection criteria.
Clinical investigation involves testing questions that arise from actual patient care.
Clinical investigation is an integrated part of the adult reconstructive service.
Clinical investigation is encouraged and both formal and informal training programs are available.
Clinical investigation is fraught with opportunities for conflicts to arise.
Clinical investigations evaluate likely treatments for illnesses and injuries.
Most clinical investigations use and collect proprietary information.
All clinical investigators involved in human research take part in the educational program.
Clinical involvement is minimal.
Many clinical journals offer contents pages and full text on the Web.
Clinical judgment is enhanced by spending one day a week in the outpatient office.
Clinical judgment is invaluable and it's the doctor who makes the difference.
Clinical judgment is needed in conducting the assessment for asthma.
Clinical judgment is needed.
Clinical judgment is of the utmost importance when determining a care plan.
Clinical judgment is required to strike a balance between rigidity and excessive flexibility.
Clinical judgments have as much to do with values and ethics as with knowledge and technology.
Clinical knowledge is obligatory for the disciplines chosen by the start of the applied electives.
Clinical labs encourage culturing for more than routine pathogens.
Clinical laboratories are in a variety of community settings.
Clinical laboratory serves as regional reference lab.
Most clinical laboratories use antigen detection assays to diagnose infection.
Some clinical laboratories are independent of hospitals.
Clinical language takes a beating.
Clinical leadership involves more than providing excellent medical care.
Clinical leadership is key to driving up standards of patient care.
Clinical leptospirosis is common in dogs but appears to be rare in cats.
Clinical librarians are also available to assist with library research.
Clinical loadings apply.
Clinical loadings are superannuable.
Clinical logs serve as a summative self-evaluation of the student s progress.
Clinical management focuses from a nursing point of view on determining the outcomes of patient.
Clinical management is important in treatment of depression.
Clinical managers have more specific responsibilities than other administrators.
Clinical managers make policies and procedures for their departments.
Clinical manifestation is breathlessness on exertion.
Clinical manifestations are many and vary depending on the area of the body affected.
Clinical manifestations are more severe than with primary pneumothorax.
Clinical manifestations are nonspecific.
Clinical manifestations are polymorphic.
Clinical manifestations are similiar.
Clinical manifestations are vertigo, suffocating sensation in the chest and nausea, etc.
Clinical manifestations depend on the age and immune status of the host.
Clinical manifestations depend on the site of the defect.
Clinical manifestations increase over time.
Clinical manifestations occur most often in young people.
Clinical manifestations range from asymptomatic infection to acute or fulminant hepatitis.
Clinical manifestations tend to have considerable intrafamilial and interfamilial variability.
Clinical manifestations vary according to age at presentation.
Clinical manifestations vary according to the degree of irritation and inflammation.
Clinical manifestations vary from subclinical to septicemic cases.
Clinical manifestations vary.
Clinical material is sufficiently abundant to allow all residents outstanding hands-on experience.
Clinical material is used to illustrate the complementary nature of love and work.
Clinical materials are predominately from the United States.
Clinical medicine has a central role throughout the conference.
Clinical medicine is a science of complex systems.
Clinical medicine is divorced from preventive medicine.
Clinical medicine is surveyed concurrently with emphasis on pathophysiology and diagnosis.
Clinical medicine requires much more than a growing body of factual information.
Clinical methods use human subjects to study drug addiction in a laboratory setting.
Clinical microbiology is collected very selectively.
Clinical microscopy is the analysis of urine, spinal fluid and other body fluids.
All clinical modules access the same databases, eliminating repetitive data entry.
Clinical monitoring is appropriate for all other patients.
Clinical morphology reflects underlying histology.
Clinical neuropsychology is practiced by a licensed psychologist specializing in neuropsychology.
Clinical notes describe the sequence of practical refraction and other methods.
Clinical notes feature provides online reference to client history.
Clinical nursing begins at the junior level.
Clinical nutrition has material on nutrition in medicine, nutritional diseases and high risk groups.
Clinical nutrition is a specialty area of veterinary medicine.
Clinical obesity increases the risk of diabetes and heart disease.
All clinical objectives are outcome based on competency.
Clinical objectivity is the only preventative.
Clinical observation is encouraged during the freshman year.
Clinical observation is essential.
Clinical observation is the precursor of experimentation.
Clinical observations determine decisions about individuals.
Clinical observations point clearly to similar conclusions.
Some clinical observations are more prone to error than others.
Clinical oncologists are the physicians who treat cancer patients.
Clinical oncologists are the physicians who treat people with cancer.
Clinical onset is typically during the fourth or fifth decade of life.
Clinical onset occurs usually during childhood or adolescence.
Clinical opportunities are also available for clinicians in many specialties.
Clinical orientation is cognitive-behavioral.
Clinical orientation is planned for each nurse in conjunction with a preceptor.
Clinical outcome is generally good after healing.
Clinical outcome is variable in prostate cancer patients with regional lymph node metastasis.
Clinical outcomes are an intermediate measure.
Clinical outcomes are excellent.
Clinical outcomes can also improve significantly when the quality of patient self-care improves.
Clinical outcomes represent psychological changes, signs, or symptoms or disorders.
Clinical outcomes vary for patients treated with radical cystectomy.
Clinical overlap exists between the various forms.
Clinical papers cover all techniques as well as different approaches to treatment planning.
Clinical papers report new clinical hypotheses, observations, or techniques.
Clinical paths are multidisciplinary treatment plans for the care of specific patient groups.
Clinical paths can be a powerful mechanism to prevent malpractice litigation.
Clinical pathologists analyze blood, urine, and other body fluids.
Clinical pathologists are pathologists.
Clinical pathology involves the evaluation of body fluids by laboratory means.
Clinical pathology uses laboratory techniques to treat disease.
Clinical pathways are a tool used to support case management and to define client outcomes.
Clinical pathways can provide reasons for variance and empower management to redress the system.
Clinical pathways help reduce expensive variations in care.
Clinical pathways improve organizational performance.
Clinical Pearls Make sure that the patient is bleeding in the first place.
Clinical performance is graded according to the rotation objectives and clinical evaluation tool.
Clinical performance is only one of two main types of quality criteria.
Clinical performance is the most important aspect of the Pediatric Clerkship.
Clinical performance is the second subject to be addressed.
Clinical pharmacists attend ward rounds on all six admission wards twice a month.
Clinical pharmacists provide personalized drug information by e-mail or telephone.
Clinical pharmacists record the type of intervention, drug and outcome.
Clinical pharmacists work in hospitals, clinics, and other healthcare settings.
Clinical pharmacologists are a bridge between science and practice of medicine.
Clinical pharmacologists are doctors.
Clinical pharmacology expresses the combined knowledge of disease and how drugs affect it.
Clinical pharmacology is the scientific study of drugs in man.
Clinical pharmacology is the study of pharmacodynamics and pharmacokinetics in human beings.
Clinical photography can be especially helpful to patients who perform skin self-examination.
Clinical physicians provide clinical coverage and teaching.
Clinical picture can be benign to fatal.
Clinical picture varies considerably depending on the complication.
Clinical placement includes direct experience with hospitalized children and their families.
Clinical placement includes hospital and community settings.
Clinical placement is a key element of all our courses.
Clinical placement is based upon the students' educational needs and clinical availability.
Clinical placement is evaluated and approved by the nursing faculty.
Clinical placement is evaluated on an individual basis.
Clinical placement is in various practice settings in the community.
Clinical placement is offered in every year of study.
Clinical placement occurs in a variety of settings.
Clinical placement occurs in both hospital and community settings.
Clinical placements allow for application and consolidation of concepts.
Clinical placements are also available in schools and private practices throughout the Chicago area.
Clinical placements are available in a variety of mental health settings located in the community.
Clinical placements are available in New York, New Jersey, and Connecticut.
Clinical placements are available.
Clinical placements are in internationally renowned health-care facilities in the Boston area.
Clinical placements are typically for six months.
Clinical placements enable students to explore positive outcomes of pregnancy and birth.
Clinical placements take place in all years.
Clinical placements take place through the program.
All clinical placements are compulsory unless otherwise indicated.
Some clinical placements require current immunization.
Clinical positions are available, but on a limited basis.
Clinical postings rotate the student's professional practice in round robin.
Clinical practice allows candidates to use information technology to support teaching and learning.
Clinical practice allows for hands-on experience while earning academic credit.
Clinical practice begins early in the first semester with hospitalized adults.
Clinical practice begins early in the first semester.
Clinical practice begins in critical care and then focuses in the home within the community.
Clinical practice combines theory and research in primary care health service settings.
Clinical practice continues during the summer enabling students to consolidate level two studies.
Clinical practice continues under supervision of preceptors.
Clinical practice focuses on obtaining interobserver reliability in the use of scales.
Clinical practice focuses on treating the elderly and critical care patients.
Clinical practice has computers everywhere along with the same paper-based record keeping.
Clinical practice includes comprehensive nursing of acutely ill, aged persons.
Clinical practice is a feature of study throughout the course.
Clinical practice is a financial mess across the city and the nation.
Clinical practice is a major component of the program.
Clinical practice is an integral part of the curriculum.
Clinical practice is another essential activity of most APRU members.
Clinical practice is arranged in such a manner that it is directly related to classroom instruction.
Clinical practice is concurrent with the appropriate specialty area.
Clinical practice is concurrent with the appropriate specialty class.
Clinical practice is coordinated with didactic content.
Clinical practice is designed as an internship in a private practice of dentistry.
Clinical practice is full of uncertainty.
Clinical practice is given in the hospital maternity and pediatric units.
Clinical practice is improved by the influence of opinion leaders and continuing education programs.
Clinical practice is in both mental health and community settings.
Clinical practice is more limited in the United States.
Clinical practice is no longer able to generate sufficient funds to support laboratory research.
Clinical practice is offered throughout the course.
Clinical practice is provided at a variety of facilities within the New York City metropolitan area.
Clinical practice is supervised by a registered nurse or physician.
Clinical practice is supported by concurrent classroom study.
Clinical practice is the major feature in the educational preparation of the chiropractic physician.
Clinical practice is the medium that fosters the professional growth of the intern.
Clinical practice is to be arranged based upon learning needs and interests.
Clinical practice is usually in a hospital, but sometimes includes other settings.
Clinical practice is viewed from multiple perspectives.
Clinical practice meets postmodern gender theory.
Clinical practice occurs concurrently with classes.
Clinical practice occurs in a variety of settings.
Clinical practice occurs in selected acute care facilities.
Clinical practice occurs in selected community agencies.
Clinical practice requires that theoretical models of nerve dysfunction be operationalized.
Clinical practice takes place in a variety of hospital and community settings.
Clinical practice takes place in a variety of settings.
Clinical practice takes place in hospital and community settings.
Clinical practices depend on the interest and learning needs of the student.
Clinical pragmatism seeks to guide clinicians in cases that pose moral problems.
Clinical preparation begins in the second year of study.
Clinical preparation is a time consuming essential to the care of the patient.
Clinical presentation is abscess or mass lesion, meningitis is almost unseen.
Clinical presentation is delayed and systemic clearance of psoralens is complete.
Clinical presentation is often nonspecific, with back pain being the most common complaint.
Clinical presentation is usually similar to that in non-HIV patients.
Clinical presentation varies according to the type of malignancy.
Clinical presentation varies from minor complaints to coma and death.
Clinical presentation varies, depending on the drug used and the patient's susceptibility.
Clinical presentations can vary from the mundane to the highly esoteric.
Clinical presentations vary according to site and viral strain involved.
Clinical privileges allow doctors to practice at a hospital.
Clinical privileges can be difficult to obtain.
Clinical problem solving is emphasized in relation to family nursing care.
Clinical problems can result if implantation is elsewhere.
Clinical programs are also ongoing.
Clinical programs are very popular and admission is highly competitive.
Clinical programs provide a continuous learning experience for all involved.
Clinical programs stress training in both psychotherapeutic and somatic interventions.
All clinical programs involve continuous and substantial direct law school supervision.
Most clinical programs require at least two academic references.
Clinical protocols are key to quality in healthcare.
Clinical providers can assemble digital scans that support electronic remote medical consultations.
A clinical psychologist is a therapist
Clinical psychologist offers mindbody health for the whole person.
Clinical psychologists are doctoral level practitioners, licensed by the state.
Clinical psychologists are similar to social psychologists.
Clinical psychologists assess and treat mental, emotional, and behavioral disorders.
Clinical psychologists assess and treat mental, emotional, and behavioural disorders.
Clinical psychologists assess and treat people with psychological problems.
Clinical psychologists assess and treat people's mental and emotional disorders.
Clinical psychologists can prescribe medications.
Clinical psychologists deal with psychological problems in hospitals or in private practice.
Clinical psychologists differ from psychiatrists in two important ways.
Clinical psychologists examine the various factors that can lead to mental and behavioral disorders.
Clinical psychologists help mentally or emotionally disturbed clients adjust to life.
Clinical psychologists interview patients and give diagnostic tests.
Clinical psychologists uphold the highest ethical standards.
All clinical psychologists have in common a first degree in psychology.
Many clinical psychologists focus their interests on special populations.
Many clinical psychologists use cognitive or behavioral techniques.
A clinical psychology is psychotherapy
Clinical psychologies are psychotherapy.
Clinical Psychology Do research, diagnosis, and treatment of emotional disorders.
Clinical psychology is a field that changes rapidly.
Clinical psychology is about finding the best way to help people to recover from mental illness.
Clinical psychology is another main field of psychology.
Clinical psychology is concerned with the actual treatment of mental disorders and problems.
Clinical psychology is focused on the assessment, diagnosis, and treatment of mental disorders.
Clinical psychology is included as a health-related profession.
Clinical psychology is one of the major areas of psychology, but it is far from the only one.
Clinical psychology is psychology practiced by a licensed professional with a Ph.D. or Psy.
Clinical psychology tends to start from the concept of a disorder.
Clinical psychology treats mental 'problems' using a 'counselling' approach.
Some clinical questions are difficult or impossible to study in that manner.
Clinical referrals reflect a diversity of patient needs and staff expertise.
Clinical relevance is unknown.
Clinical relevancy is utilized as effective sources of motivation.
Clinical reports show that about one out of ten patients with anorexia or bulimia are men.
Clinical reports suggest a major impact of poor quality water on animal performance on some farms.
Clinical reports suggest that adults are more commonly affected than neonates.
Clinical requirement is as follows.
Clinical requirements apply.
Clinical requirements are as follows.
Clinical research has many forms.
Clinical research helps physicians understand how things work.
Clinical research includes any biomedical or behavioral research in human subjects.
Clinical research includes drug and equipment evaluations and hypothesis-driven projects.
Clinical research includes neonatal risk factors and childhood injuries.
Clinical research includes outcome studies of knee injuries and subsequent operations.
Clinical research includes research on prevention, treatment, and consequences of tobacco use.
Clinical research includes surgical treatment of epilepsy and experimental medications.
Clinical research includes therapeutic trials of established drugs and new innovative agents.
Clinical research involves more human interaction.
Clinical research involves studies on patients, usually testing a new drug or new technique.
Clinical research involves testing new drugs and other therapies in patients.
Clinical research is a department strength.
Clinical research is a key aspect of improvement in quality of care.
Clinical research is a strong component of the residency program.
Clinical research is a term applied to the study and treatment of patients.
Clinical research is aimed at patients in the near future.
Clinical research is also an important part of our practice.
Clinical research is also involved in several long-term studies.
Clinical research is also possible.
Clinical research is among the best ways to improve the standard of care.
Clinical research is an important part of the division's mission.
Clinical research is carried out in sequential steps called phases.
Clinical research is central to the progress of clinical medicine.
Clinical research is conducted on individual patients with particular disease conditions.
Clinical research is conducted through our research department.
Clinical research is considered applied research.
Clinical research is defined as patient oriented research conducted with human subjects.
Clinical research is divided into three phases in the normal course of testing.
Clinical research is encouraged and facilitated by a department-wide clinical database.
Clinical research is encouraged and supported during the fellowship.
Clinical research is encouraged during the two-year program.
Clinical research is encouraged, especially related to patients or families identified in clinics.
Clinical research is encouraged.
Clinical research is essential to the advance of mental as well as other health care and treatment.
Clinical research is in renal disease, nephrotoxicity and dialysis outcomes.
Clinical research is needed to better determine optimal management and treatment programs.
Clinical research is often slow.
Clinical research is ongoing and student participation is encouraged.
Clinical research is ongoing at all times.
Clinical research is ongoing to investigate the problem further.
Clinical research is ongoing.
Clinical research is performed throughout the operating rooms, intensive care units and wards.
Clinical research is possible.
Clinical research is required to define more clearly issues related to the aged and terminally ill.
Clinical research is strongly encouraged and supported by the faculty.
Clinical research is supported by a full-time research assistant and statistician.
Clinical research is the bridge between the basic research laboratory and the patient's bedside.
Clinical research is the only way to get valid answers.
Clinical research is the second year's focus.
Clinical research is the study of the effects of illnesses, prevention and treatment.
Clinical research is the third step.
Clinical research is very difficult to do because the studies frequently take so long.
Clinical research is very difficult to do well and gets harder by the day.
Clinical research maintains a database of patient and physician assessment information.
Clinical research offers an advantage of being immediate and direct.
Clinical research plays an important role here.
Clinical research provides revenue and prestige to the institutions to which many IRBs belong.
Clinical research provides the third major line of evidence.
Clinical research relates to most health problems experienced by animals.
Clinical research shows that eating in a very specific way can stimulate and repair the liver.
Clinical research shows that honey is gentle on tissue and rapidly removes swelling and pain.
Clinical research supports arnica's effectiveness.
Clinical research takes a long time, often years, and usually involves a team.
Clinical research takes the form of clinical trials.
All clinical research requires written consent and is strictly voluntary.
Any clinical research is eligible.
Most clinical research is presented at local meetings.
Most clinical research progresses in an orderly series of steps or phases.
Most clinical research progresses in an orderly series of steps.
Clinical researchers make efforts to include both women and men in their studies.
Most clinical researchers believe that all statins work pretty much the same way.
Some clinical researchers talk about the pre-embryo.
Clinical residency varies from one half to two days per week.
Clinical resources are strong, and the faculty is dedicated to excellence in psychiatric education.
Clinical responders have a better prognosis than nonresponders.
Clinical response depends partly on the nature of the lesions.
Clinical response is differential depending on the type of antibiotic.
Clinical response is the main endpoint of the trial.
Clinical response occurs within two to three minutes.
Clinical response varies.
Clinical responsibilities increase throughout the resident's training.
Some clinical responsibility is incorporated into the program.
Clinical results are comparable to other revision series.
Clinical results are still inconclusive due to the small number of patients.
Clinical rotation follows completion of the theory portion of the course.
Clinical rotations are advanced.
Clinical rotations are available for resident physicians and medical students.
Clinical rotations are subject to final approval by the faculty member teaching the course.
Clinical rotations begin in the second quarter of the program, and are required throughout.
Clinical rotations begin the summer after the sophomore year of study.
Clinical rotations consist of a combination of didactic instruction and direct patient care.
Clinical rotations focus on the development of history taking and patient assessment skills.
Clinical rotations focus on the development of psychomotor skills and integrative skills.
Clinical rotations provide residents with supervised training and informal instruction.
Clinical rotations reflect the emphasis and goals of each year of training.
Clinical rotations require travel to clinical facilities which are located in Southern Illinois.
Clinical samples are often unrepresentative and suffer from sampling bias.
Clinical scenarios bring the material home in a real way.
Clinical scholarship forms a core within which graduate nursing education takes place. . . .
Clinical science advances frequently.
Clinical science assumes that all men are capable of bloody destructiveness.
Clinical science has relevance.
Clinical scientists are mostly college graduates.
Clinical scientists establish cause and effect by looking at groups of people.
Clinical scientists work with a broad range of patient groups, from before birth to extreme old age.
Clinical section tests knowledge of disease and illness.
Clinical seminars relate technical problems to the theoretical courses being given concurrently.
Clinical service is divided between two separate rotations.
Clinical service is essential to and inseparable from research and education.
Clinical services are also available to their families.
Clinical services are also available.
Clinical services are available on weekends and evenings as well as during business hours.
Clinical services are strictly confidential.
Clinical services focus on a comprehensive, compassionate continuity of care.
Clinical setting is sepsis.
Clinical settings are in maternity and medical and surgical acute care facilities.
All clinical settings comply with state and federal health and safety regulations.
Some clinical settings require a criminal record check.
Clinical severity is variable.
Clinical signs appear suddenly.
Clinical signs are absent in immunocompetent animals.
Clinical signs are ariable, ranging from depression to death.
Clinical signs are cyanosis, dyspnea, facial and paw edema, hypothermia, and vomiting.
Clinical signs are dependent upon the organs affected.
Clinical signs are generally brief and self-limiting.
Clinical signs are irregular heartbeat and tingling in the hands and feet.
Clinical signs are largely attributable to sites of replication of the virus.
Clinical signs are largely due to blood loss.
Clinical signs are more profound in unvaccinated animals.
Clinical signs are more severe in dairy cattle and swine than in sheep and goats.
Clinical signs are non-specific.
Clinical signs are referable to hemorrhages that result from faulty blood coagulation.
Clinical signs are related to how many nerves are affected.
Clinical signs are skin diseases and digestive system disorders.
Clinical signs are uncommon, although natural outbreaks of disease have been reported.
Clinical signs are usually nonspecific and death ensues rapidly.
Clinical signs are vague and include lack of appetite and lethargy.
Clinical signs are vague and sudden collapse and death is common.
Clinical signs are variable but pruritus and scaling are considered classical.
Clinical signs are variable, ranging from depression to death.
Clinical signs are variable.
Clinical signs are, however, frequently absent or nonspecific.
Clinical signs begin after the infective stage of larval hookworm penetrating through skin.
Clinical signs begin from two weeks to one month after exposure.
Clinical signs can be subtle or non-specific such as off feed for one to two weeks.
Clinical signs can be very variable, ranging from mild to severe and death.
Clinical signs can include going on and off feed, diarrhea, teeth grinding and listlessness.
Clinical signs can include ill thrift, diminished growth, and acute death.
Clinical signs can include missing spines, hair loss, flaking, and crusting of the skin.
Clinical signs can really vary based on the severity of each dog's problem.
Clinical signs depend on the time, course, and location of tissue damage.
Clinical signs develop after several months after the withdrawal of heartworm prophylaxis.
Clinical signs develop depending on the degree of the amyloid deposits and on the organs involved.
Clinical signs leading to a suspicion of rabies occur only after substantial virus replication.
Clinical signs occur at varying times.
Clinical Signs Presenting clinical signs vary with the individual bird.
Clinical signs range from chronic diseases to cancer.
Clinical signs range from mild back pain only to complete paralysis of the hind legs.
Clinical signs range from nonspecific infections to growth failure and malignancies.
Clinical signs result from the host's inflammatory response to the organism.
Clinical signs show a pet that is intensely itchy.
Clinical signs vary and clin path data is usually nonspecific.
Clinical signs vary depending on the agent, dose, and individual sensitivity.
Clinical signs vary depending on virulence, and the site of infection.
Clinical signs vary from depression, rigidity, and fever, to seizures.
Clinical signs vary greatly among patients, and infection can occur in any breed, sex, and age.
Clinical signs vary in severity depending upon host factors and mite species.
Clinical signs vary.
Clinical signs worsen with time.
Every clinical sign is good.
Some clinical signs are present from early infancy, and probably in the prenatal period.
Clinical significance has little to do with statistics and is a matter of judgment.
Clinical significance is entirely independent from statistical significance.
Clinical sites are almost always one of the strata.
Clinical sites are just as diverse depending upon the needs of the student.
Clinical sites range from the university setting to high school and professional sports teams.
Clinical sites vary each semester.
Many clinical situations involve the platelet transfusion support of patients with thrombocytopenia.
Clinical specialists guide and support the work done in the therapeutic milieu.
Clinical specialization offers another path to career advancement.
Clinical specialties are adult and family.
Clinical specialty is in child and family.
Many clinical specialties participate in research trials.
Clinical staff are board-certified and experienced in the care of university students.
Clinical staff can help referrers and patients with questions about insurance coverage.
Clinical staff deliver direct services to pregnant and parenting women and their children.
Clinical staff gives numerous regularly scheduled lectures.
Clinical staff is also very active in training and programming on campus and in the community.
Clinical staff is represented at the executive level of the department of nursing.
Clinical staff learn much of the world from the example of their peers.
Clinical staff use the results of psychological evaluations to improve diagnosis and intervention.
Clinical staffs discuss detailed practice information with peers, driving quick practice changes.
All clinical staff are now able to understand an implement financial policy.
All clinical staff have full professional indemnity insurance.
All clinical staff maintain an active research program.
Clinical stage refers to the stage of disease as determined by non-surgical means.
Clinical strides provide one reason.
Clinical students receive grades of honors pass, pass, conditional pass, or no pass.
Clinical studies are also underway in both primary and recurrent ovarian cancer.
Clinical studies are an important bridge to making new medications available to the public.
Clinical studies are an important step in making new medications available.
Clinical studies are available for patients with metastatic disease.
Clinical studies are currently under way.
Clinical studies are equivocal as to the efficacy of antibiotics.
Clinical studies are in progress .
Clinical studies are in progress.
Clinical studies are now under way to determine whether they can.
Clinical studies are reasonably impressive.
Clinical studies are the basis on which medication or methods of treatment are approved.
Clinical studies are under way for treatment of human atherosclerotic lesions.
Clinical studies are underway assessing therapies designed to reverse the aging process of the skin.
Clinical studies are underway for hyperopia and expanded ranges of myopia.
Clinical studies are underway for hyperopia.
Clinical studies are underway to correlate clinical features of the disease with NO expression.
Clinical studies are underway.
Clinical studies are very difficult to be evaluated for the diffuse autosupply habit.
Clinical studies begin in the third year at the Oral and Dental Teaching Hospital.
Clinical studies concentrate on pathophysiology, epidemiology, diagnosis, and treatment.
Clinical studies confirm a higher incidence in alcoholics, diabetics and persons with epilepsy.
Clinical studies demonstrate computer-assisted speech therapy's effectiveness.
Clinical studies document the development of periodontal disease.
Clinical studies focus on several immunological diseases.
Clinical studies have shown black cohosh relieves many perimenopasue complaints.
Clinical studies indicate a significant relationship between our B-vitamin complex and tinnitus.
Clinical studies involve the scientific investigation of illness and treatment of illness in humans.
Clinical studies involving humans are another alternative.
Clinical studies make the wide variability in competence clearly evident.
Clinical studies mean that a potential medicine is being administered to human beings.
Clinical studies offer the potential of analogical testability.
Clinical studies predominate over the basic sciences.
Clinical studies prove it.
Clinical studies prove it's the preferred building block for connective tissue and cartilage.
Clinical studies reveal that phosphatidylcholine helps individuals recover from toxic liver damage.
Clinical studies revel that pyruvate can reduce gain in body fat without reducing muscle protein.
Clinical studies show a gradual absorption of the material beginning at six weeks.
Clinical studies show a lowering of blood pressure in response to increased amounts of fiber.
Clinical studies show it retards hair growth in humans.
Clinical studies show no long-term side effects associated with the ingredients in the product.
Clinical studies show significant cognitive improvement on standardized learning and memory tests.
Clinical studies show that composite resists wear better than many restorative materials.
Clinical studies show that glutamine infusion helps maintain muscle mass in critically ill patients.
Clinical studies show that it can reduce the risk of falls in the elderly.
Clinical studies show that most menopausal women have too much.
Clinical studies show that psyllium seed is useful as a bulk laxative.
Clinical studies show that selenium is important in lowering the risk of several types of cancers.
Clinical studies show the effectiveness of homeopathic remedies in treating infectious diseases.
Clinical studies suggest that about three months are required.
Clinical studies tell a similar story.
Every clinical study evaluates safety, regardless of whether safety is a stated objective.
Every clinical study is conducted under carefully designed protocols.
Some clinical studies suggest topical aloe gel for healing minor burns.
Clinical supervision allows teachers to develop instructional strategies.
Clinical supervision allows teachers to see what they are actually doing while they are teaching.
Clinical supervision brings practitioners and skilled supervisors together to reflect on practice.
Clinical supervision is aimed at clinical practitioners.
Clinical supervision is an integral part of the role of the supervisor of midwives.
Clinical supervision is exercised by the laboratory director.
Clinical supervision is much in vogue at the moment.
Clinical supervision is provided and training opportunities are available.
Clinical supervision is provided by advanced practice nurses and other professional faculty.
Clinical supervision is provided by the staff co-leader.
Clinical supervision is provided to students by faculty on each campus site.
Clinical supervision is provided to the counselors by a local psychiatrist.
Clinical supervision is received from professional staff.
Clinical supervision is the model for our evaluation system.
Clinical supervision serves a number of purposes.
Clinical supervisors provide formal evaluations at the end of each term.
Clinical surveys show that complications from manipulation are rare.
Clinical suspicion coupled with confirmatory imaging studies makes the diagnosis.
Clinical symptoms are an indication for a repeat chest x-ray film.
Clinical symptoms are diverse, yet mainly affect the central nervous system and muscle tissue.
Clinical symptoms are few.
Clinical symptoms are generally minimal.
Clinical symptoms are pain and neurologic changes, including loss of bowel and bladder function.
Clinical symptoms are pain, heat, redness, swelling, and dysfunction.
Clinical symptoms can include muscle tenderness or episodic painful inflammatory swellings.
Clinical symptoms depend on how many larvae there are and where they migrate.
Clinical symptoms develop in a biphasic fashion.
Clinical symptoms occur after viral replication at secondary sites of infection.
Clinical symptoms occur only in patients homozygous for thrombasthenia.
Clinical symptoms vary considerably.
Clinical symptoms vary with the age of the child.
Clinical syndrome can inform both practice and policy decisions.
Clinical syndrome is cerebellar ataxia.
Clinical teaching faces a conundrum.
Clinical teaching involves more than evaluating students.
Clinical teaching is more than evaluation alone.
Clinical teams can use goal achievement data to revise pathways.
Clinical technologists perform more complex laboratory tests and procedures than technicians.
Clinical terms comprise at least half of the programme.
Clinical terminologies are large, complex, and diverse.
All clinical terminologies store unique codes to represent each term in the terminology.
A clinical test is a trial
Clinical tests are already under way for a cocaine vaccine.
Clinical tests are already under way.
Clinical tests are also underway to gage the performance of the sockets in real-world application.
Clinical tests are now underway on a small scale.
Clinical tests are ready to be initiated.
Clinical tests are underway and on-going.
Clinical tests detect hemodialysis access stenosis.
Clinical tests prove it works.
Clinical testing has historically small profit margins.
Clinical testing is long and tedious to ensure safety and efficacy.
Clinical testing is underway.
Clinical theories focus more on dynamic factors and less on static variables.
Clinical thrush is far less common in lower dosages and affects more adults than children.
Clinical time begins in the first semester and continues throughout the length of the program.
Clinical time is as previously stated.
Clinical time is held from approximately the third to the seventh week of the quarter.
Clinical times vary depending on the unique needs of the learner.
Clinical Tips Make corneal topography the first measurement.
Clinical tools use a controlled setting during which an assessment of the person in question occurs.
Clinical toxicology is concerned with the effects of drugs on disease or with abuse.
Most clinical toxoplasmosis is due to reactivation of the latent bradyzoite form.
Clinical track offers advanced preparation in clinical nutrition to professional dietitians.
Clinical training begins with a series of clinical practice assignments or rotations.
Clinical training is a natural partner of research in developmental problems.
Clinical training is a vital component in each area of concentration.
Clinical training is assessed continuously by the instructors.
Clinical training is available seven days a week.
Clinical training is broad and offers exposure to a wide range of methods and approaches.
Clinical training is completed during the second year.
Clinical training is expanded by an additional three months to become a full clinical year.
Clinical training is in hospitals where students are involved in various patient care settings.
Clinical training is in Redding.
Clinical training is integrated through the use of practica prior to internship.
Clinical training is mandatory .
Clinical training is performed in hospitals throughout the area.
Clinical training is provided.
Clinical training is supported by other fund sources.
Clinical training is supported by other funding sources.
Clinical training occurs at both affiliated hospitals.
Clinical training occurs at several sites, providing a variety of training experiences.
Clinical training occurs in some of the most respected medical facilities in the United States.
Clinical training takes place in accredited hospital radiology centres.
Clinical training takes place in two phases.
Some clinical training is conducted during the preclinical years.
Some clinical training is necessary.
Most clinical transplants are from living relatives or cadaveric donors.
Clinical treatment is by surgical removal and there is no recurrence.
Clinical treatment is provided free of charge.
A clinical trial is a trial
Clinical trial is one example of the categorical experimental design.
Clinical trial shows kava reduces stress.
Clinical trials aim at testing the safety, toxicity and efficacy of an investigational new drug.
Clinical trials answer important scientific questions which can lead to future advances in care.
Clinical trials are a critical step in the development of new methods of treatment.
Clinical trials are a critical step in the improvement of treatment.
Clinical trials are a formal, regulated way to test new treatments, such as drugs or equipment.
Clinical trials are a fundamental part of continued progress in fighting childhood cancer.
Clinical trials are a part of science.
Clinical trials are abundant.
Clinical trials are already too complex, agree research leaders.
Clinical trials are already underway.
Clinical trials are also an important aspect of medical education.
Clinical trials are also available.
Clinical trials are also in progress.
Clinical trials are also underway studying the use of other biologic agents.
Clinical trials are an essential means of finding better treatments for breast cancer.
Clinical trials are an important method of evaluating new approaches to a disease such as cancer.
Clinical trials are an important method of identifying and evaluating new treatments.
Clinical trials are an important part of breast cancer research.
Clinical trials are an important part of the development of new methods of treatment.
Clinical trials are an important tool that help to prove one treatment is superior to another.
Clinical trials are an option.
Clinical trials are appropriate for newly diagnosed patients when possible.
Clinical trials are available to both inpatients and outpatients.
Clinical trials are bought and payed for by big pharmacutical companies.
Clinical trials are cancer treatments still in research.
Clinical trials are carefully controlled research studies conducted with actual patients.
Clinical trials are complicated and expensive.
Clinical trials are controlled experiments used to investigate the efficacy of new treatments.
Clinical trials are currently in process for several such treatments.
Clinical trials are currently under way.
Clinical trials are currently underway, but as yet no therapy has been shown to be successful.
Clinical trials are currently underway.
Clinical trials are detailed research studies that determine a treatment's safety and effectiveness.
Clinical trials are due to begin in people within a year.
Clinical trials are either underway or are being planned.
Clinical trials are examples of designed experiments in the medical field.
Clinical trials are experimental in nature.
Clinical trials are experimental medical research studies.
Clinical trials are experiments to determine the value of specific treatments.
Clinical trials are extremely important in discovering new techniques to fight disease.
Clinical trials are extremely slow to do compared to efficacy trials of other vaccines.
Clinical trials are important for two reasons.
Clinical trials are important in two ways.
Clinical trials are important to all current and future cancer patients.
Clinical trials are important to cancer patients for a number of reasons.
Clinical trials are important to demonstrate the effectiveness of treatment.
Clinical trials are important, as they lead to tomorrow s standard of care.
Clinical trials are in progress at hospitals and cancer centers around the country.
Clinical trials are in progress for both types of vaccines.
Clinical trials are in progress to find the best ways to use chemotherapy to treat stomach cancer.
Clinical trials are in progress.
Clinical trials are in the earliest phases of development.
Clinical trials are invaluable.
Clinical trials are limited, however, and findings are often contradictory.
Clinical trials are limited.
Clinical trials are multi-state ventures.
Clinical trials are necessary to learn more about the effects a new drug has in treating disease.
Clinical trials are necessary to provide information about diseases and their treatment.
Clinical trials are notoriously subject to unnoticed influences and effects.
Clinical trials are now under way at a number of U.S. medical centers across the country.
Clinical trials are now under way to test the sprouts' protective effects.
Clinical trials are now underway at the following three centers, with more to follow.
Clinical trials are now underway to develop optimum treatment strategies for antiangiogenic agents.
Clinical trials are now underway to find if estrogen can play a preventive role.
Clinical trials are now underway.
Clinical trials are one way in which progress can be made.
Clinical trials are ongoing for patients with all stages of prostate cancer .
Clinical trials are ongoing in many of our Divisions.
Clinical trials are ongoing in many parts of the country for advanced stages of retinoblastoma.
Clinical trials are ongoing in many parts of the country for all stages of cancer of the testicle.
Clinical trials are ongoing in many parts of the country for most stages of childhood liver cancer.
Clinical trials are ongoing in many parts of the country for patients with cancer of the larynx.
Clinical trials are ongoing in many parts of the country for patients with cancer of the oropharynx.
Clinical trials are ongoing in many parts of the country for patients with islet cell cancer.
Clinical trials are ongoing in many parts of the country for patients with malignant thymoma.
Clinical trials are ongoing in many parts of the country for patients with ovarian germ cell tumor.
Clinical trials are ongoing in most parts of the country for all stages of breast cancer.
Clinical trials are ongoing in most parts of the country for all stages of cancer of the pancreas.
Clinical trials are ongoing in most parts of the country for cerebral astrocytoma.
Clinical trials are ongoing in most parts of the country for childhood brain stem gliomas.
Clinical trials are ongoing in most parts of the country for childhood brain tumors.
Clinical trials are ongoing in most parts of the country for childhood ependymomas.
Clinical trials are ongoing in most parts of the country for childhood medulloblastoma.
Clinical trials are ongoing in most parts of the country for most stages of adult liver cancer.
Clinical trials are ongoing in most parts of the country for most stages of anal cancer.
Clinical trials are ongoing in most parts of the country for most stages of cancer of the bladder.
Clinical trials are ongoing in most parts of the country for most stages of cancer of the cervix.
Clinical trials are ongoing in most parts of the country for most stages of cancer of the colon.
Clinical trials are ongoing in most parts of the country for most stages of cancer of the esophagus.
Clinical trials are ongoing in most parts of the country for most stages of cancer of the ovary.
Clinical trials are ongoing in most parts of the country for most stages of cancer of the prostate.
Clinical trials are ongoing in most parts of the country for most stages of cancer of the rectum.
Clinical trials are ongoing in most parts of the country for most stages of cancer of the stomach.
Clinical trials are ongoing in most parts of the country for most stages of cancer of the vagina.
Clinical trials are ongoing in most parts of the country for most stages of melanoma.
Clinical trials are ongoing in most parts of the country for most stages of neuroblastoma.
Clinical trials are ongoing in most parts of the country for most stages of plasma cell neoplasms.
Clinical trials are ongoing in most parts of the country for most stages of renal cell cancer.
Clinical trials are ongoing in most parts of the country for most stages of sarcoma of the uterus.
Clinical trials are ongoing in most parts of the country for most stages of small cell lung cancer.
Clinical trials are ongoing in most parts of the country for most types of adult brain tumor.
Clinical trials are ongoing in most parts of the country for patients with hairy cell leukemia.
Clinical trials are ongoing in most parts of the country for the myeloproliferative disorders.
Clinical trials are ongoing in some parts of the country for metastatic squamous neck cancer.
Clinical trials are ongoing in some parts of the country for patients with parathyroid cancer.
Clinical trials are ongoing in some parts of the country for patients with pituitary tumors.
Clinical trials are ongoing in some parts of the country for patients with skin cancer.
Clinical trials are ongoing on in many parts of the country for most stages of cancer of the penis.
Clinical trials are ongoing to determine if lower doses of chemotherapy and radiation can be used.
Clinical trials are ongoing to treat squamous cell carcinoma with intralesional interferon alfa.
Clinical trials are ongoing, and have produced optimistic results to date.
Clinical trials are ongoing.
Clinical trials are only one treatment option for cancer patients.
Clinical trials are our only concern.
Clinical trials are research studies conducted with patients or with healthy people.
Clinical trials are research studies conducted with people who volunteer to take part.
Clinical trials are research studies conducted with people.
Clinical trials are research studies designed to evaluate new cancer treatments.
Clinical trials are research studies designed to find more effective treatment.
Clinical trials are research studies designed to improve treatment for cancer patients.
Clinical trials are research studies in which people participate.
Clinical trials are research studies involving patients.
Clinical trials are research studies that have been approved for use in humans.
Clinical trials are research studies that have been approved in use for humans.
Clinical trials are research studies that involve human beings.
Clinical trials are research studies that involve people.
Clinical trials are research studies that test new approaches to the treatment of cancer.
Clinical trials are research studies that test new treatments in people with cancer.
Clinical trials are research studies to evaluate new ways to treat cancer.
Clinical trials are research studies to test new drugs or treatments.
Clinical trials are research studies.
Clinical trials are scientific studies of the effects of a new treatment or medication in humans.
Clinical trials are scientific studies that require the participation of volunteer patients.
Clinical trials are scientific studies which require the participation of volunteer patients.
Clinical trials are studies conducted with the consent of patients to evaluate a new treatment.
Clinical trials are studies designed to find better ways to prevent or treat diseases like cancer.
Clinical trials are studies of promising new or experimental treatments.
Clinical trials are studies that evaluate the effectiveness of new interventions.
Clinical trials are studies that use new treatments to care for patients.
Clinical trials are tests.
Clinical trials are the best way for physicians to learn more about experimental treatments.
Clinical trials are the best way to directly compare the benefits and risks of screening tests.
Clinical trials are the best way to find cures and identify effective treatments for cancer.
Clinical trials are the essential bridge between science and medicine.
Clinical trials are the foundations of evidence-based treatments.
Clinical trials are the gold standard for the development of efficacy data.
Clinical trials are the gold standard of scientific studies.
Clinical trials are the last phase in the development of new drugs.
Clinical trials are the link between research and the relief of human suffering.
Clinical trials are the means by which experimental drugs or treatments are tested in humans.
Clinical trials are the most reliable way to test a new treatment.
Clinical trials are the next step after research in the lab produces promising results.
Clinical trials are the only road to progress in improving cancer treatment.
Clinical trials are the only way in which to generate statistically valid health outcome data.
Clinical trials are the only way that testing can be done.
Clinical trials are the only way to find out if a drug works and if it is safe for people to take.
Clinical trials are the only way to prove whether treatments are effective.
Clinical trials are the primary method of advancing medical knowledge.
Clinical trials are the principal means by which new treatments are evaluated.
Clinical trials are the scientific studies doctors use to find new ways of treating disease.
Clinical trials are treatment options.
Clinical trials are trials crucial to increasing knowledge of mood disorders.
Clinical trials are under way on the next generation of DNA vaccines.
Clinical trials are under way to assess the potential benefit of decreasing homocysteine levels.
Clinical trials are under way to test a new material derived from pig intestines.
Clinical trials are underway among various user groups, including heart-transplant patients.
Clinical trials are underway and the results have been varied.
Clinical trials are underway in several European countries, as well as in Australia and New Zealand.
Clinical trials are underway using a drug that blocks protein tyrosine kinase enzymes.
Clinical trials are underway.
Clinical trials are usually experimental.
Clinical trials are usually longer - which many take many years to complete.
Clinical trials are welcome.
Clinical trials are well designed, organized studies designed to test new therapies.
Clinical trials are well under-way at research facilities.
Clinical trials are with premature infants, children and adults are ongoing.
Clinical trials can assess the potency of a drug or compare two drugs.
Clinical trials can be a treatment option or enhance treatment.
Clinical trials can be inconvenient.
Clinical trials can be of great value to patients.
Clinical trials can become complex if they test combinations of medications and psychotherapy.
Clinical trials can identify better ways to prevent, detect, or treat cancer.
Clinical trials can involve risks as well as benefits.
Clinical trials can last from a few weeks to several months.
Clinical trials can raise fears of the unknown.
Clinical trials can take place in hospitals, doctors' offices and community clinics.
Clinical trials can take years.
Clinical trials confirm the positive effects found in experimental studies.
Clinical trials constitute a significant part of the rapidly increasing cost of drug development.
Clinical trials continue for thoracic and cardiac applications.
Clinical trials continue to be the link between such basic research and patients.
Clinical trials continue today.
Clinical trials continue.
Clinical trials contribute to knowledge and progress against cancer.
Clinical trials demonstrate benefits.
Clinical trials demonstrate conclusively that goldenseal kills many harmful bacteria.
Clinical trials depend upon participation by eligible women with breast cancer.
Clinical trials depend upon volunteers participation.
Clinical trials design, cancer clinical trials, survival analysis.
Clinical trials determine whether a company survives, and lukewarm results can clobber a stock.
Clinical trials determine whether to approve drugs for human use.
Clinical trials directed toward accomplishment of our goals and aims are now nearly complete .
Clinical trials do create access to drugs, but only for a limited number of people.
Clinical trials enroll people who are alike in certain ways depending on the rules of the study.
Clinical trials enroll people who are alike in certain ways depending on the study's purpose.
Clinical trials ensure high quality cancer care.
Clinical trials evaluate all types of treatment for cancer in humans.
Clinical trials evaluate new medications or new drug combinations to improve on current treatments.
Clinical trials evaluate new treatments and procedures in cancer prevention, detection and care.
Clinical trials evaluate various antiretroviral drug combinations.
Clinical trials evaluating radiation therapy with or without chemotherapy are ongoing.
Clinical trials examine underevaluated aspects of clnical treatment of gout.
Clinical trials exist for a purpose.
Clinical trials expand patients' options for medical care.
Clinical trials experience.
Clinical Trials Find out about ongoing clinical trials in our department.
Clinical trials follow a set of rules called a protocol .
Clinical trials follow strict guidelines for science and ethics.
Clinical trials follow strict scientific guidelines.
Clinical trials follow strictly defined regimens that enable scientific comparison of outcomes.
Clinical trials have a rigid list of things which determine who can participate in the study.
Clinical trials have benefits and risks for the people who take part.
Clinical trials have both paybacks and drawbacks for physician investigators as well.
Clinical trials have four research phases .
Clinical trials have four research phases.
Clinical trials have restrictive inclusion criteria that select the population of patients treated.
Clinical trials have several procedures to protect the safety of the people who join the study.
Clinical trials have several procedures to protect the safety of the people who participate.
Clinical trials have to be exceptionally carefully set up and controlled and run.
Clinical trials help approve a new drug or treatment for the medical community.
Clinical trials help scientists determine the safety and effectiveness of new therapies.
Clinical trials help scientists develop improved treatments and sometimes lead to cures.
Clinical trials help to define the way the majority of patients are treated in America today.
Clinical trials identify problems which can arise from the procedure.
Clinical trials involve medical research with people.
Clinical trials involve more intensive collection and filing of patient information and data.
Clinical trials involving biopsy and limb-sparing surgeries are ongoing.
Clinical Trials Learn about ongoing clinical trials for breast cancer.
Clinical trials link basic research with clinical care, leading to improved therapies.
Clinical trials look for both immediate and long-term side effects.
Clinical trials make a difference in everyone's lives.
Clinical trials make no promises.
Clinical trials measure a drug's safety and effectiveness when used to treat humans.
Clinical trials occur in phases, building on information learned in an earlier study.
Clinical trials occur in three phases.
Clinical trials offer cancer patients hope for today-and tomorrow.
Clinical trials offer cancer patients more treatment options.
Clinical trials offer high-quality cancer care and necessitate very close monitoring.
Clinical trials offer important choices for many patients.
Clinical trials offer important scientific information about the effectiveness of new treatments.
Clinical trials offer individuals an opportunity to help themselves and to help others.
Clinical trials offer the best that scientific medicine has to offer.
Clinical trials play a vital role in new product development.
Clinical trials provide a structure to test the safety and efficacy of a treatment.
Clinical trials provide one of the safest care environments for cancer patients.
Clinical trials provide the best available treatment for many cancer patients.
Clinical trials provide the best treatment available.
Clinical trials provide the hope for better treatment options now and in the future.
Clinical trials report results in terms of statistical rather than clinical significance.
Clinical trials represent an important option in the overall management of women with breast cancer.
Clinical trials represent cutting-edge research into potentially lifesaving treatments.
Clinical trials represent the hope of the future.
Clinical trials represent the ultimate premarket testing ground for unapproved drugs.
Clinical trials research new treatments to determine their effectiveness and safety.
Clinical trials show few, if any, side effects.
Clinical trials show researchers which therapies are more effective than others.
Clinical trials show safe and immunogenic in adults.
Clinical trials show that there are factors about home birth which make births easier.
Clinical trials suggest that follitropin beta is at least as effective as urinary gonadotrophins.
Clinical trials suggest the same method can be used to treat smokers who have developed lung cancer.
Clinical trials supply information about the value of therapies before their widespread use.
Clinical trials take many forms.
Clinical trials take place at clinics, hospitals, research facilities or doctor s offices.
Clinical trials take place in several phases, usually three.
Clinical trials take place in three phases.
Clinical trials take several years and move through various stages.
Clinical trials take time . . .
Clinical trials take time.
Clinical trials test new drugs, new types of surgery or treatment methods such as gene therapy.
Clinical trials test new types of medical care, like how well a new cancer drug works.
Clinical trials test the safety and effectiveness of new treatment options.
Clinical trials test the safety and effectiveness of the drug in human volunteers and patients.
Clinical trials use the scientific process to determine whether a treatment is safe and effective.
Clinical trials using dendritic cell vaccines show great promise in treating cancer.
Clinical trials vary tremendously in their promise.
Clinical trials vary, but each clinical trial follows a set of rules called a protocol .
All clinical trials follow strict scientific guidelines.
All clinical trials have guidelines about who can get into the program.
All clinical trials have to be approved by an ethics board.
All clinical trials require monitoring.
Every clinical trial has a beginning a middle and an end.
Every clinical trial has different patient requirements.
Every clinical trial has requirements about who can join.
Every clinical trial involves a trade-off.
Every clinical trial is designed to answer a set of research questions about new cancer therapies.
Every clinical trial is designed to answer a set of research questions.
Every clinical trial is designed to meet a specific set of research criteria.
Every clinical trial is different, and the benefits and risks of participating vary.
Every clinical trial is different.
Every clinical trial is set up to answer a set of research questions.
Many clinical trials employing cytokines are currently underway.
More clinical trials are underway.
Most clinical trials allow youth to join.
Most clinical trials are open to adolescents, but in reality very few enroll.
Most clinical trials are open to both women and men.
Most clinical trials give patients sufficient medication to last at least several weeks.
Most clinical trials have eligibility criteria .
Most clinical trials move through steps, called phases.
Most clinical trials study a sample of the population at risk.
Most clinical trials take place in four steps or phases.
Some clinical trials are much more promising than others.
Some clinical trials are open to people in certain age groups.
Some clinical trials examine the effectiveness of one particular treatment in one group of patients.
Some clinical trials make the assumption that the number of years are equivalent.
Some clinical trials offer only the study medication at different doses.
Some clinical trials test one research treatment in one group of patients.
Clinical users indicate that it is readily adopted and easy to use.
Clinical users sense few adverse reactions from patients to use of a computer in the consultation.
Clinical utility refers to the ability to provide the clinician with real-time feedback.
Clinical validation is measured by a reduction in muscle tension and verbal complaints.
Clinical validation is that as muscle tension is reduced, complaints are alienated or eliminated.
Clinical variability is large between and sometimes within families.
Clinical vignettes focus the discuss and stimulate brainstorming.
Clinical vignettes refer to different developmental stages in the life of a slow-open group.
Clinical vignettes show how experts approach common difficulties.
Clinical visits are unlimited.
Clinical volunteers undertake a significant amount of training as well as providing patient care.
Clinical waste can cause an environmental or health and safety risk.
Clinical wastes can be of human or animal origin.
Clinical work begins in year one of most courses.
Clinical work continues, with emphasis on developing assessment and management skills.
Clinical work includes implementing the sponsor's research design and monitoring clinical trials.
Clinical work includes intakes, assessments, brief psychological testing, and ongoing psychotherapy.
Clinical work is coordinated by a member of the college staff.
Clinical work is divided evenly between the operating room and the clinic.
Clinical work is done at area hospitals and agencies.
Clinical work is done under the close supervision of experienced licensed optometrists.
Clinical work is integrated throughout the curriculum.
Clinical work is mostly outpatient based but ward referrals are also seen.
Clinical work is possible with specialized training beyond the bachelor's degree.
Clinical work is supplemented by educational tutoring and support groups.
Clinical work is varied and closely supervised.
Clinical work simulates a private practice environment.
Clinical work takes place in collaboration with an approved supervisor.
All clinical work is performed under the supervision of the physician preceptor.
All clinical work is supervised by highly experienced child psychotherapists on a one to one basis.
A clinician is a practitioner
Clinicians adhere strictly to professional standards and confidentiality is assured.
Clinicians also employ special techniques for diagnostic electron microscopy.
Clinicians also provide continuing care for chronic medical conditions.
Clinicians also stress the importance of helping to control the pet population.
Clinicians are accountable for the decisions they make to modify pre-specified care.
Clinicians are also available for informational presentations on campus.
Clinicians are an essential part of the research team.
Clinicians are generally very interested in each others' experiences and ideas.
Clinicians are knowledgeable with respect to safe and effective use of equipment.
Clinicians are more able to monitor behavior and detect deterioration in a patient's condition.
Clinicians are much more critical of it.
Clinicians are practitioners.
Clinicians are responsible for knowing how controlled substances are regulated in their States.
Clinicians are right to think that any such effort is a tedious waste of time.
Clinicians are skilled in helping person's develop effective solutions for life's challenges.
Clinicians are skilled in helping persons develop effective solutions for life's challenges.
Clinicians are the only ones authorized to instruct.
Clinicians are the toughest sell.
Clinicians are then, in a very meaningful way, the consumers of research findings.
Clinicians are under pressure to encourage homosexuality.
Clinicians are welcome at the monthly autopsy conference held in pathology.
Clinicians are wise to avoid coercive power struggles or paternalistic rescuing activities.
Clinicians assess for hearing impairments and hearing loss.
Clinicians assess patients according to menopausal state and initial treatment suitability.
Clinicians attend to their patients.
Clinicians base their choices on anecdotal experience and several theoretical considerations.
Clinicians believe the danger is greater if there is a detailed description of the method.
Clinicians call it quits for the day.
Clinicians can agree in assessing relationship patterns in psychotherapy.
Clinicians can also change their views of where they obtain their images.
Clinicians can also conference with each other for references or discussion of cases.
Clinicians can also take steps to minimize the potential for manipulation.
Clinicians can also use any telephone or PC to review or edit dictation jobs.
Clinicians can best classify unicellular eukaryotic microorganisms based on mode of transmission.
Clinicians can combat childhood drowning by making prevention a practice priority.
Clinicians can contact the AOEC office for referrals.
Clinicians can design their own view.
Clinicians can document patient visits using forms that greatly simplify and improve the process.
Clinicians can easily learn the basic principles from published sources.
Clinicians can either view the record or listen to it.
Clinicians can feel more confident that the results are valid and reproducible.
Clinicians can help prevent and detect cancer at early stages.
Clinicians can help simply by listening with compassion.
Clinicians can no longer wait for patients to become extremely ill before they are treated.
Clinicians can obtain an overview of the types of cases they see during a given year.
Clinicians can offer to assist patients contemplating a reconciliation with an estranged loved one.
Clinicians can only be accountable for the information that is entered in the first place.
Clinicians can resort to more invasive techniques, such as nerve blocks.
Clinicians can retrieve demographics and medical reports from pervious patient encounters.
Clinicians can retrieve demographics and medical reports from previous patient encounters.
Clinicians can see exactly where they are as they page through the colon.
Clinicians can seek guidance from their local or State health department.
Clinicians can turn that time to advantage with nutrition-oriented posters and booklets.
Clinicians complete assessments as needed for the service provided.
Clinicians diagnose and treat common medical problems and manage stable chronic illness.
Clinicians diagnose and treat common medical problems and manage stable chronic illnesses.
Clinicians diagnose herpes by testing fluids taken from the sores.
Clinicians dictate using a portable hand-held recorder with report types built in.
Clinicians differ as to what kinds of disclosure are appropriate.
Clinicians direct treatment toward containing the symptoms.
Clinicians discuss personally meaningful and rewarding interactions with their patients.
Clinicians don t have control over their time.
Clinicians face considerable risks when designing trials and interpreting data.
Clinicians feel forced into betraying their own patients' needs for privacy.
Clinicians generally prescribe thiazide diuretics or amiloride , a potassium-sparing diuretic .
Clinicians generally require less practice than do lay interviewers.
Clinicians generally review earlier medical records to gather a full history.
Clinicians handbook of preventive services.
Clinicians have a daily opportunity to evaluate the quality of diets.
Clinicians have a great deal to teach and learn from one another.
Clinicians have a number of ways to assess if someone has an anxiety disorder.
Clinicians have a special responsibility in the early detection of epidemics caused by medication.
Clinicians have both numerical and graphical screen displays of the data.
Clinicians have the right to expect quality results.
Clinicians hope to use growth factors to treat neurodegenerative disorders and stroke.
Clinicians incorporate sport psychology principles in a counseling relationship.
Clinicians influence the client's telling of the story .
Clinicians influence the client's telling of the story.
Clinicians involved in trauma care now refer to car accidents as car crashes.
Clinicians know that charting can be time-consuming.
Clinicians know that some people want to try to quit on their own.
Clinicians lack a common language to share their findings.
Clinicians look first to the internal anatomy, then to the chromosomes for clues.
Clinicians make past laboratory records from the herd file available to the students.
Clinicians make use of as broad a spectrum of treatment options in water as they do on terra firma.
Clinicians monitor the patient via video monitors and signals from the sensors.
Clinicians monitor the subjects using video and signals from the various sensors.
Clinicians note that the overall reaction of patients to telemedicine has been positive.
Clinicians now use fixed duration treatment.
Clinicians offer other treatments, including surgery.
Clinicians prescribe a medicine that seeks out iron in the body and binds to it.
Clinicians receive a detailed report on every specimen submitted.
Clinicians receive pre-clinic training.
Clinicians recognize that antisocial personality disorder is very difficult to treat.
Clinicians recognize two disorders related to alcohol use.
Clinicians recommend using over-thecounter medication for motion sickness to prevent nausea.
Clinicians reinforce or reward appropriate responses.
Clinicians rely heavily on the device for monitoring intravascular volume and cardiac output.
Clinicians require authoritative answers at the point of care.
Clinicians review with the family and individuals their life situation concerning long-term plans.
Clinicians routinely help students develop optimal diet plans for health and energy.
Clinicians seem to agree.
Clinicians take care of individual persons who have more at stake than short-term cost containment.
Clinicians tend to consult different images to achieve better diagnosis and therapy.
Clinicians tend to view obese patients as lazy, sad, and lacking in self-control.
Clinicians try to match the modality to the malady.
Clinicians tutor the students on a one to one basis.
Clinicians use a series of standard pictures called the Thematic Apperception Test.
Clinicians use biofeedback instruments in much the same way.
Clinicians use decision analysis in two ways.
Clinicians use the autopsy report to counsel family members.
Clinicians use the same skill when they palpate an abdomen.
Clinicians use theories as a means of guiding their practice and influencing their interventions.
Clinicians view the joint for loose bodies, synovial pathology, adhesions and other problems ie.
Clinicians well recognize the stereotypic pattern in the occurrence of angina.
Clinicians work in mental health centers and in private practice.
Clinicians work to uproot any hostility and redirect it toward the patient's best interests.
Clinicians work together in different combinations depending on the nature of the referral.
Clinicians work with families to access and coordinate needed community supports.
Clinicians frequently discuss patients with colleagues and consultants.
Clinicians often avoid diagnosing domestic maltreatment.
Clinicians often break the disease down into a series of stages, from mild to moderate to severe.
Clinicians often differ on how they approach pain management in persons with addiction.
Clinicians often hear patients invoke coincidental factors as a cause for their problems.
Clinicians often struggle when trying to address domestic violence.
Clinicians often use screening tools only after they've noticed a problem.
Clinicians sometimes conduct interviews to see how a person deals with certain circumstances.
Clinicians sometimes fail to diagnose women of color appropriately.
Clinicians usually recommend two or three meals per day.
All clinicians are aware of the recent explosion of new genetic information.
All clinicians are tentative and subject to change.
Every clinician encounters patients whose disease or response to management is atypical.
Every clinician has a responsibility for the education of their colleagues.
Every clinician has a role in emphasizing and reinforcing information using a multi-modality method.
Every clinician is aware of the significance of the owner-pet bond.
Many clinicians also contact referring veterinarians by phone.
Many clinicians approach their hypnotic work from a middle ground.
Many clinicians are able to prepare cavities that are near pulp exposures without sensitivity.
Many clinicians believe it necessary to fortify their conclusions with citations to the literature.
Many clinicians believe that some of their patients and clients have forgotten how to relax.
Many clinicians believe that the definitive diagnosis can only be made at the time of surgery.
Many clinicians do use scaled assessment tests to measure the variables.
Many clinicians feel the meaurement of glycated serum protein to be a worthwhile diagnostic test.
Many clinicians find fault with commonly used systems for personality classification.
Many clinicians find that topical antibiotics are effective, even without the preceding steps.
Many clinicians find topical antibiotics to be effective, even without other measures.
Many clinicians find ultrasound interfaces complicated and non-intuitive.
Many clinicians forget how uncomfortable patients are with vaginal and rectal examinations.
Many clinicians have access to databases on different medical specialities.
Many clinicians have failure rates that approximate surgical sterilization.
Many clinicians misclassify patients.
Many clinicians misdiagnose it.
Many clinicians recognize that chlamydia and gonorrhea are significant health issues.
Many clinicians rely heavily on their own clinical judgement.
Many clinicians require abnormal results in several cycles in order to diagnose the condition.
Many clinicians think one patch per week is the maximum dose.
Many clinicians think that opioids are inappropriate therapy for chronic nonmalignant pain.
Many clinicians use both treatments in combination.
Many clinicians use medications to block the attacks.
Most clinicians agree that certain signs are indicative of treatment failure.
Most clinicians arbitrarilly use systemic antibiotics for all one stage surgeries.
Most clinicians are familiar with the use of peak serum concentrations to monitor efficacy.
Most clinicians believe that dissociation exists on a continuum of severity.
Most clinicians believe that dissociative processes exist on a continuum.
Most clinicians have at least one patient or know someone who suffers acute or chronic rheumatism.
Most clinicians identify the posterior deltoid as a prime mover in shoulder extension.
Most clinicians lubricate the speculum and warm it to body temperature for more comfort.
Most clinicians only know about the last one, the psychodynamic depression.
Most clinicians recommend that patients start with half of a fifty tablet of primidone.
Most clinicians rely on only an interview to diagnose ADHD in adults.
Most clinicians rely on simple tests, since time constraints usually prohibit more extensive exams.
Most clinicians respect their client's privacy.
Most clinicians seek to believe that their interventions are producing the benefits.
Most clinicians try to achieve a conc.
Most clinicians use medications to diminish the symptoms of alcohol withdrawal.
Most clinicians use original studies as their source material rather than reviews in textbooks.
Some clinicians add tetracycline to the graft.
Some clinicians also suggest a gastric emptying study.
Some clinicians also use a negative toxoplasma serology to prompt early neurosurgical intervention.
Some clinicians are simply poor communicators.
Some clinicians are very traditional, however, and maintain the eponyms.
Some clinicians believe that haloperidol is useful.
Some clinicians believe that tremors hold the seeds of fear.
Some clinicians consider weight gain as the visible expression of a nervous breakdown.
Some clinicians dictate into a phone using a shoulder rest.
Some clinicians discuss the social service agency as a good point of entry.
Some clinicians feel that fluoride supplementation in any form is unwarranted.
Some clinicians find it difficult to talk about sex or to put their patients at ease.
Some clinicians report that it can be highly effective.
Some clinicians still use stimulants only for school or work situations.
Some clinicians theorize that children understand and respond to trauma differently from adults.
Some clinicians think it is reasonable to continue selegiline once it has been started.
Some clinicians use a topical anesthetic on the rare occasion when it is necessary.
Some clinicians use a tranquilizer to relieve the symptoms of anticipatory anxiety.
Some clinicians use an indwelling CSF catheter in lieu of repeated lumbar punctures.
Some clinicians use clindamycin in penicillin- allergic patients.
Some clinicians use ultrasound to guide biopsies or to follow the size of nodules.
Clinicopathologic correlation is emphasized.
Clinicopathologic correlation is essential.
Clinicopathologic correlation is stressed.
A clinid is a bony fish
Clinids are carnivorous, usually have a pointed nose, and have a long, multiple-spined dorsal fin.
A clinker is a fragment
Clinker has no other use than for the production of cement.
Clinker is a decorative stone, used in landscaping.
Clinker is baked and fused geologic material generated during the combustion of a coal seam.
Clinker is formed when clay adjacent to coal seams fired by burning of the coal seam.
Clinkers are bricks.
Clinkers are hard masses of fused matter resulting from the burning of corn.
Clinkers are the result of impurities in the wood before it is pelletized.
Clintonesque candidates can create any lie they wish.
Clintonesque rhetoric is part of the substance of therapeutic politics.
Clintonite allies are all around the world now.
Clip alignment is a nearly trivial extension of object aligned.
Clip art can be very effective and is usually the most economical approach.
Clip art can include items such as cartoons, maps, symbols, and flags.
Clip art can make a page look open and easy to read.
Clip art has to be sought out and placed.
Clip art is a computer graphics
Clip art is a distraction from good data.
Clip art is a good example.
Clip art is a poor substitute for original design and is easily recognized.
Clip art is also available on the Internet, often for free.
Clip art is amazing stuff.
Clip art is another big space waster for many people.
Clip art is arranged by subject.
Clip art is art that is in the public-domain.
Clip art is available from many sources.
Clip art is computer graphics.
Clip art is easy to acquire.
Clip art is everywhere and some of it is even free.
Clip art is made and sold for reproduction use.
Clip art is often in the public domain.
Clip art is provided for each month of the year.
Clip art is readily available on the internet and elsewhere.
Clip art is supposed to be one size fits all.
Clip art is used both as one and two words.
Clip art is used by default for insert clip art and insert picture.
Clip art is used by many publications, for promotional material and in many other ways.
Clip art is used when custom art is judged unnecessary or too expensive.
Clip art is widely available at office supply and art stores.
Clip art is, by being part of the card's background, limited.
Clip art is, however, on the rise again.
Most clip art is also of younger people or people who look very elderly.
Most clip art is designed for print.
Most clip art is in metafile format .
Most clip art is in metafile format.
Most clip art is vector-based, which means the art can be separated into editable objects or shapes.
Some clip art is pretty cool, but most clip art lacks soul.
Some clip art requires payment for usage.
Clip boards are wonderful tools.
Clip dogwood stems and place here and there around pots to fill any bare spots.
Clip earrings are about an inch long by an inch wide.
Clip earrings have oval faux moonstones surrounded by clear stones.
CLIP facility is available in all major exchanges.
Clip level is irrelevant.
Clip level is just a symptom of a deeper affliction.
Clip type is for maintaining molding of rubber products, and Brazing type is for supporting pipes.
Clip wings are as a general rule, stronger than long wings.
A clip is a mechanical device
Clip begins in the locker room after school, where buffy is about to go to practice.
Clip clothespins at even intervals around the bottom of the cup to form legs.
Clip clothespins onto dry jeans in any desired pattern.
Clip contains protein.
Clip continues to the murder on the stairway.
Clip copy the image of select area to clipboard.
Clip ends if needed.
Clip fingernails short and be sure they are clean.
Clip fingernails short.
Clip holds in place.
Clip knits together electronica and rock in a symbiotic style that seeks an inner groove.
Clip pastures regularly during the growing season .
Clip pastures regularly during the growing season to keep weeds under control.
Clip pastures regularly during the growing season.
Clip shell down center, leaving fan tail intact.
Clip slides off lamp easily for use on flat surfaces.
CLIP specifies a clipping rectangle for the layer that contains it.
Clip stems and cut figs into thin strips.
Clip threads close to fabric.
Clip threads close to knot.
Clip tie holding hose to motor mount.
Clip tusks periodically for safety reasons.
Clips allow installer to plumb studs quickly and easily.
Clips also win over sleeves if the site is surrounded closely by bushes or snow block walls.
Clips are also removable and relatively simple to install and sometimes help to align the heat sink.
Clips are always welcome.
Clips are approximately one minute in length.
Clips are at the purse side so all the pieces are in the front.
Clips are available at no charge in streaming audio.
Clips are available in several audio formats.
Clips are available in the video area.
Clips are available upon request.
Clips are big files and can be slow downloads.
Clips are blows.
Clips are clear, with universal knuckles for fast, easy results.
Clips are cuts.
Clips are fasteners.
Clips are fine.
Clips are fit flat against, or set into, the outer surface of the hoof wall.
Clips are important.
Clips are in Windows Media format.
Clips are index color mode appropriate for transparency effects.
Clips are jewelry.
Clips are just a measure of the process.
Clips are just long enough to make each point clear.
Clips are least damaging, followed by rings,tying.
Clips are located in desks.
Clips are located in discount stores.
Clips are located in hair.
Clips are located in office buildings.
Clips are located in offices.
Clips are located in television shows.
Clips are long enough convey meaning without being too lengthy.
Clips are of a decent length, but the download time is pretty short.
Clips are one minute long.
Clips are only available at launch time.
Clips are primarily from local newspapers.
Clips are simply copies of previously published materials.
Clips are used for binds.
Clips are used for dogs.
Clips are used for hairstyles.
Clips are used for holdings.
Clips are used for poodles.
Clips are welcome.
Clips attach to either nylon or metal finger traps.
Clips attach to vehicle battery.
Clips can come from a variety of sources, including scanners, CD-ROMs, and video input devices.
Clips do the least damage, followed by rings and tying methods.
Clips Get new third party news in digest form a few times a week.
Clips have a flange on both ends, one large and one small one.
Clips hold sherds in place until adhesive dries.
Clips lock in place for safe, spillproof shipment.
Clips measure about one inch.
Clips never come out of adjustment, but are easy to adjust as they wear.
Clips range from a few seconds to a few minutes and vary greatly in sound quality.
Clips roll ticket onto roll of finished cloth.
Clips Secure all Components reducing the risk of damage.
Clips show teachers in action in their adult classrooms.
Clips show the families at home, eating, getting ready for school.
Clips sometimes break as well.
All clips are approx.
All clips are aspect corrected.
All clips are between five and forty seconds long.
All clips are collected from outside sources.
All clips are copyrighted material.
All clips are double pressed.
All clips are excerpts.
All clips are in .wav format unless noted otherwise.
All clips are in .wav format.
All clips are in realaudio format so therefore they sound like crap.
All Clips are Quicktime unless otherwise noted.
All clips are royalty free, no licensing fees .
All clips are to same scale.
All clips are with descriptions and ratings.
All clips can have an associated moving key.
All clips have hifi stereo sound.
All clips have sound, in hifi stereo where applicable.
All clips use streaming technology at several download rates.
Every clip is hilarious.
Most clips are of humans doing various actions.
Most clips have sound.
Most clips hold fewer than twenty rounds, and it takes around five seconds to reload.
Some clips above are full songs and some are just snipets from a song.
Some clips are available online for viewing.
Some clips are of the laptop screen with processed images and overlayed graphics.
Some clips are quite large and thus require sizable download times.
Some clips are short with music background, and others are longer and narrated.
Some clips have a little adult theme.
Some clips have a low-resolution version which is smaller and takes less time to download.
Some clips have audio effects.
Some clips require only five tree stars, while others require as many as fifteen.
Clipboard feature allows transfer of data into word processing document.
Clipboard text is editable.
Clipboard translation allows translation from virtually ANY other Windows application.
A clipboard is a surface
Clipboard helps keep it all together at the coach s fingertips.
Clipboard isa surface.
Clipboards are a little larger than a piece of paper .
Clipboards are a little larger than a piece of paper.
Clipboards are available at the front desk.
Clipboards are located in classrooms.
Clipboards are located in desks.
Clipboards are located in schools.
Clipboards are located in work.
Clipboards are mechanical devices.
Clipboards are optional, but recommended.
Clipboards are useful for writing and drawing activities.
Clipboards contain data collection sheets and maps.
Clipboards have (part) sections.
Most clipboards are made of masonite or particleboard , two types of wood .
Most clipboards are made of masonite or particleboard, two types of wood.
Clipless pedals are best for experienced riders.
Clipless pedals are worth their weight in gold.
Clipless pedals require bicycling shoes with a cleat to attach the shoe to the pedal.
Clipless pedals require special shoes to which a cleat can be screwed.
Clipless pedals take the concept of toe clips a step further.
Clipless shoes are remarkably comfortable to walk in.
Clippeds are albums.
Clipper City can address many topics that are of interest to schools and groups of all kinds.
Clipper City is the largest permanent sailboat in the Harbor.
A clipper is a circuit
Clipper blades trim hair on ears.
Clipper isa circuit.
Clipper scrambles all the data on a hard drive, rendering it useless.
Clippers are equipped with an extension lever that extends the cutting blades one-half size.
Clippers are located in bathrooms.
Clippers are located in drawers.
Clippers are located in salons.
Clippers are petty crooks who earn their living by tampering with coinage.
Clippers are programming language.
Clippers are sailing ships.
Clippers are sailing vessels.
Clippers are shears.
Clippers are ships.
Clippers are used for cuts.
Clippers are used for races.
Clippers are used for trim.
Clippers can be dangerous for the horse to lip or bite.
Clippers have (part) electromagnets.
Clippers have (part) electron tubes.
Clippers have (part) resistors.
Clippers have (part) sections.
Clippers have (part) vacuum tubes.
Clippers usually cause only light precipitation with very few producing major snowstorms.
Some clippers have two ports.
Clipping paths appear in the preview window as colored outlines surrounding the clipped image.
Clipping paths are a particularly interesting item.
Clipping paths are fully editable in Illustrator.
Clipping paths are outlines that mask out parts of a graphics file.
Clipping Paths are vector defined outlines used to silhouette an object.
Clipping paths are very memory intensive.
Clipping service includes email alerts.
Clipping service is available, by request.
Clipping services are almost non-existent online.
Clipping services are nothing new.
Clipping services can also monitor advertising.
Clipping services read everything.
Clipping allows a horse to be more easily worked, cooled out, and groomed in the winter months.
Clipping allows ewe condition to be easily monitored and avoids the problem of wool blocking slats.
Clipping allows the sun to penetrate to the crowns, stimulating tillering.
Clipping also carries the risk of bleeding and infection.
Clipping appears as extended flat tops on the waveform.
Clipping are excerpts.
Clipping are pages.
Clipping can also be helpful for cats whose coats get clumpy and soaked from the dipping process.
Clipping can be control from an API or through an interactive clipping editor.
Clipping can contain text, pictures, movies, sounds, etc.
Clipping can give rise to clicks or pops on playback.
Clipping can give rise to such clicks or pops.
Clipping continues to be a major concern.
Clipping distorts a sound. decibels A unit for measuring sound level differences.
Clipping indicates the region which is currently removed from assembly calculations.
Clipping is a form of distortion.
Clipping is a major job here.
Clipping is a pretty big problem, with bodies hanging outside of houses and though mountains.
Clipping is accurate.
Clipping is adjusted by the rig microphone gain control.
Clipping is also a problem.
Clipping is also an important part of topical therapy.
Clipping is also an issue in tight quarters, but nothing too serious.
Clipping is also in use for thresholding signal amplitudes or greyvalues in an image.
Clipping is an ongoing process in the history of English.
Clipping is caused by negative C width.
Clipping is described in Clipping paths .
Clipping is done at close range with an electric shaver to reveal the spotted skin.
Clipping is done on one wing only.
Clipping is done with the -c option.
Clipping is important in many varieties of English.
Clipping is indicated by a red line.
Clipping is necessary for the development of tillers.
Clipping is performed near the end of the graphics pipeline , just before rasterization.
Clipping is recommended as the preferred method of fruit removal to avoid plugging.
Clipping is seen at the corners of the top of the inner square.
Clipping is similar to filling, except, it is for a line with arbitrary orientation.
Clipping is the technique to do limit the redrawing to just a chosen part of the image.
Clipping is undesirable, as it is an obvious alteration, or distortion, of the waveform.
Clipping isa music.
Clipping keeps the birds from flying out.
Clipping keeps the plant healthy.
Clipping means simply that the polygons out of view are removed.
Clipping means that values larger than the clip value are replaced by the clip value.
Clipping now is a good way to control many weeds in the pasture.
Clipping occurs when the bass or treble has been increased too much in both programs.
Clipping provides a new challenge.
Clipping refers to the technique of only allowing drawing to a certain area of the screen.
Clipping takes forever, prep forever, pack opening and scrubbing forever and so on.
Clipping When drawing an image, clipping is a very important thing to do.
Clippings add up to three pounds of nitrogen per thousand square feet of lawn.
Clippings also add organic matter, helping to reduce runoff.
Clippings also contribute to organic matter accumulation and increase earthworm activity.
Clippings also recycle nutrients, in particular nitrogen, so less fertilizer is needed.
Clippings are a common cause of poisoning in horses.
Clippings are a valuable source of nutrients.
Clippings are biographical and political.
Clippings are chipped and used for mulch.
Clippings are from papers throughout the country.
Clippings are ninety percent water and break down quickly.
Clippings are toxic to animals.
Clippings are very high in nitrogen and moisture.
Clippings break down quickly and encourage beneficial microorganisms and earthworms.
Clippings break down quickly in most cases.
Clippings break down quickly, often in a matter of a few weeks.
Clippings can remain on the lawn.
Clippings clog the storm sewers which can cause the flooding of the streets.
Clippings contain nitrogen and other nutrients.
Clippings contain nutrients usable to the grass, when left on the lawn.
Clippings decompose quickly, returning nutrients and moisture to the soil.
Clippings generally are poems and humorous writings.
Clippings help retain moisture and control weeds.
Clippings help return nutrients.
Clippings Included are additional subject clippings and miscellaneous clippings.
Clippings mat together, depriving the compost microbes of oxygen and cause an odor.
Clippings provide a mulch which reduces soil evaporation.
Clippings provide mineral nutrients to the soil as they decompose.
Clippings re incendiary fires and fires of unknown or suspicious origin.
Clippings represent newspapers from accross the country.
Clippings represent newspapers from across the country.
Clippings serve as mulch and a natural fertilizer.
Most clippings are from the mainstream U.S. press.
Some clippings are in Yiddish.
Some clippings are portraits and exhibition shots.
Some clippings relate also to labor disturbances.
CLIQ registration begins .
Clique criterion Let be a permutation graph in which the vertices have .
Clique graphs seem to be very difficult to deal with.
Clique para visualizar no tamanho real.
Clique polynomials have a unique root of smallest modulus.
Clique is a band
Clique is sets.
Cliques also form around certain clubs or activities.
Cliques are a challenge to positive women working with women relationship.
Cliques are a fact of life in the nations schools.
Cliques are a stress response, a symptom.
Cliques are a way of coping in an intimidating and often unstable situation.
Cliques are anything but natural.
Cliques are casual associations of kids, generally with the same interests.
Cliques are friendship groups made of people who like each other's company.
Cliques are inward-turned groups.
Cliques are nothing new.
Cliques are smaller crowds.
Cliques are support groups made up of people who believe in the same things.
Cliques become moldy without the cleansing action of mavericks and dissidents.
Cliques can be one of the most hated things that people remember about high school.
Cliques can be one of the most liked things about high school life.
Cliques can grow rapidly or slowly.
Cliques determine many things.
Cliques form in the local church.
Cliques have a huge influence on high school life.
Cliques have varied status.
Cliques sap the vitality of the larger group.
Cliques seem to be more entrenched among some groups of students and at particular schools.
Cliques seem to get better with age.
Cliques sometimes form.
Some cliques are far more exclusive than others.
Some cliques are more dominant than others.
Some cliques control smaller cliques in a given region.
CLIR method uses an offthe shelf IR system for indexing and retrieving the documents.
A clit is an organ
Clit even whips slut whips large slut slut clit slut cybersex action slut slut.
Clitoral elongation is noticeable.
Clitoral phimosis is roughly equivalent to an uncircumcised man with an extremely tight foreskin.
Clitoral sensitivity is reportedly excellent.
Clitoral stimulation is easy, and G-spot stimulation is pretty direct.
Clitoral stimulation is indirect or sporadic.
Clitoral stimulation is still, by far, the main source of orgasm for the vast majority of women.
Clitoral stimulation is the most common source of female orgasm.
A clitoris is an organ
Clitorises range in size .
Clitorises range in size.
CLMS students can browse and search dissertation database.
Cloaca isa drainpipe.
Cloacas connect intestines.
Cloacas have (part) readsides.
Cloacas have (part) sections.
Some cloacas result in slow death.
Cloacal opening is located near tip of tail beyond posterior margin of carpace.
Cloacal spurs are present in some male snakes.
A cloak is a covering
Cloak isa artifact.
Cloaks are available with a hood or a collar.
Cloaks are covering.
Cloaks are made of bulk materials.
Cloaks are made of materials.
Cloaks are of velvet and cloth, principally.
Cloaks have (part) sections.
Cloaks hide an inexhaustible amount of sub-dimensional storage space.
All cloaks come with reinforcing squares for use with traditional thick cloak pins.
All cloaks have a full hood and can be ordered satin-lined and unlined.
Every cloak has a contingent cause, a formal cause, a material cause, and a final cause.
Every cloak is truly one of a kind.
Most cloaks are made of bulk materials.
Most cloaks are made of materials.
Some cloaks are worn by women.
Cloaking devices take up valuable ship slots.
Cloaking units can also help out.
A cloakroom is a room
Cloakroom isa room.
Cloakrooms have (part) bases.
Cloakrooms have (part) ceilings.
Cloakrooms have (part) doorways.
Cloakrooms have (part) floors.
Cloakrooms have (part) room light.
Cloakrooms have (part) sections.
Cloakrooms have (part) walls.
Cloakrooms have full changing facilities.
A clobber is a personal property
Clobber cops an eye.
A cloche is a hat
Cloches are bell-shaped glass jars designed to keep plants warm when unexpected cold snaps strike.
Cloches are generally lightweight, portable, and re-usable.
Cloches are generally lightweight, portable, and reusable.
Cloches are protective covering.
Cloches are usually informal structures.
Cloches du monastere.
Cloches protect the crop from wind, hail and heavy rain during winter and warm the air and soil.
All cloches have two drawbacks to consider.
Clock doubling uses a specific multiplier to increase the internal clock speed.
A clock face is a face
Clock face has a few light spots.
Clock face has Roman numerals, second hand.
Clock face is white.
Clock face renovation a speciality.
Clock faces are faces.
Clock faces are part of clocks.
Some clock faces are part of alarm.
Some clock faces are part of clocks.
Clock frequency is controlled by two of the switches.
Clock frequency is expressed in MHz or millions of cycles per second.
Clock frequency is set via jumpers.
Clock frequency varies.
Clock genes glow in the cells of a fruit fly.
Clock pulses are a measure of the speed of a processor.
A clock radio is a radio
Clock radios are in all bedrooms.
Clock solitaire is entirely mechanical with victory solely determined by the shuffle.
Clock source is software configurable on a port by port basis.
Clock speed is an unreliable benchmark of computer performance.
Clock speed is measured in megahertz.
Clock speed is nothing, if neither the bus nor the processor itself can do anything with it.
Clock speed is one key factor in microprocessor performance.
Clock speed is one of the main factors that determine the computing power of a computer.
Clock speed is the maximum rate that the chip can be clocked.
Clock speed is to a computer as horse power is to the engine of car.
Clock speed is very important in terms of bandwidth, and latencies and bandwidth go hand in hand.
Clock speed offers little indication of actual performance.
Clock speed varies with the different models but are all acceptable.
Clock speeds are very easy to understand.
Clock synchronisation is important if there are multiple interfaces in a machine.
Clock synchronization is achieved by either software or hardware.
Clock synchronization is critical in high performance applications.
Clock synchronization is derived from either an internal data clock or the user's external clock.
Clock thermostats Consider installing a clock thermostat.
A clock is an instrument
Clock begins when snowfall has ended.
Clock celebrate the season with a different tune every hour, on the hour.
Clock chimes on the hour and once on the half hour.
Clock comes with a one year warranty and has a wall hanger installed on back.
Clock comes with outstanding graphics and five world-class sound effects.
Clock continues running even while in other applications.
Clock controls circadian period in isolated suprachiasmatic nucleus neurons.
Clock digits no longer flicker when they are re-drawn.
Clock displays local time by default.
Clock does tick.
Clock faces in several designs and sizes to make clockmaking easy.
Clock features white dial with black hands and minute track.
Clock fixes for the alpha architecture.
Clock get inside the history or shook callaway putters.
Clock includes alarm, timer, stopwatch, and international timezone map.
Clock indicates time carried out.
Clock is approx.
Clock is battery operated.
Clock is beautiful and working great, and china cabinet is perfect.
Clock is digital.
Clock is high-edge triggered.
Clock is in excellent condition including the usually missing ticket taker.
Clock is in excellent condt.
Clock is in excellent original condition.
Clock is in unopened, decorated display box with window.
Clock is in view.
Clock is rather bright.
Clock is wind up .
Clock isa timepiece.
Clock looks brand new.
Clock remains constant.
Clock remains running.
Clock replicates to documents whenever they are opened or closed through Word menus.
Clock returns a value in seconds and clockx returns a value in microseconds.
Clock routines to store, sequence, and select simulated events.
Clock runs continuously except for time-outs.
Clock runs during extra-point attempt.
Clock runs on standard watch battery.
Clock runs only in Netscape.
Clock runs out.
Clock runs when a move is available.
Clock runs with high precision, also while paging the calendar.
Clock starts at game time.
Clock starts automatically with first stroke.
Clock starts for outage.
Clock stops after each basket during the final minute.
Clock stops at apparently random times.
Clock stops for injury, illness, or any other altercations.
Clock stops in last minute of each half and overtime following successful field goal attempt.
Clock stops last min.
Clock stops on all dead ball situations.
Clock think within one ski-doo snowmobiles.
Clock think within one sno-riders.
Clock think within one vintage ski doo snowmobiles.
Clock ticks etc.
Clock wake upon one ski doo summit.
Clocks allow for cool marquee effects, like scrolling, sliding, blinking, and more.
Clocks also demand skilled woodworking with smaller pieces of wood.
Clocks are a wonderful item for the library store and a distinctive gift idea for benefactors.
Clocks are also present in hormone mechanisms and brain structures.
Clocks are at home in any home or office, and are always a welcome gift.
Clocks are books.
Clocks are close to living things.
Clocks are devices.
Clocks are full of hooded mass.
Clocks are hot.
Clocks are located in airports.
Clocks are located in cars.
Clocks are located in department stores.
Clocks are located in desks.
Clocks are located in homes.
Clocks are located in houses.
Clocks are located in office buildings.
Clocks are located in offices.
Clocks are located in shelfs.
Clocks are located in stores.
Clocks are located in tables.
Clocks are located in train stations.
Clocks are located in walls.
Clocks are machines.
Clocks are mechanical devices used to measure or indicate the passage of time.
Clocks are mechanical devices.
Clocks are now available for home use.
Clocks are one more little detail that hammer home realism.
Clocks are one of the top choices in America for gifts for Fathers.
Clocks are precision instruments, and tower clocks have their own particular idiosyncrasies.
Clocks are real.
Clocks are scary that way.
Clocks are used for clocks.
Clocks are used for decoration.
Clocks are used for people.
Clocks are used for timing.
Clocks are usually fast or slow, and each by a different amount.
Clocks are very important.
Clocks are, after all, human inventions.
Clocks can also make great gifts as most people enjoy knowing what time it is.
Clocks come in all shapes and sizes, and as in humans, beauty is in the eye of the beholder.
Clocks come with six year warranty on clock mechanism.
Clocks control the timing of chess games.
Clocks driven by synchronous motors are never more than a few seconds fast or slow.
Clocks enable organisms to adapt to their surroundings.
Clocks exist in many forms.
Clocks generally run consistently at the same speed and indicate 'mean time'.
Clocks go forward one hour.
Clocks have (part) balance wheels.
Clocks have (part) clock faces.
Clocks have (part) sections.
Clocks have a crown finial on the top that is lined with satin.
Clocks have a heart.
Clocks have alarm.
Clocks have faces.
Clocks have hands .
Clocks have Japanese quartz accuracy.
Clocks have oil holes in the case.
Clocks make an elegant gift and award for retirements and special recognition.
Clocks make fantastic service awards, however they also make great gifts.
Clocks move back to standard time at the end of the month.
Clocks outlive their owners.
Clocks reflect a world view of their times and carry the imprint of their makers.
Clocks represent the contemporary alternative.
Clocks run down and time runs out.
Clocks run slower in gravitational field.
Clocks run slower in strong gravitational fields.
Clocks stops within a few minutes.
Clocks tell the time.
Clocks use a point and tick interface.
Clocks use different ways to measure time .
Clocks use different ways to measure time.
Clocks always make great gifts.
Clock sometimes slow to load.
All clocks are an investment in the time taken in their making.
All clocks are battery operated.
All clocks are brass and come in a protective velvet pocket.
All clocks are complete with key and pendulum.
All clocks are frequency locked.
All clocks are handmade.
All clocks are in running order.
All clocks are in working condition.
All clocks are limited signed editions.
All clocks are original artwork on hand painted and handcrafted wood or leather.
All clocks are original artwork on handpainted and handcrafted wood or leather.
All clocks carry a one year parts and labor warranty.
All clocks come with a full one to five year warranty, depending upon model and manufacturer.
All clocks come with two nuts, one metal washer, one rubber washer and hanger.
All clocks have a battery powered, precision, quartz movement.
All clocks have a similar look and feel as the ones shown below in the pictures.
All clocks have imperfections.
All clocks have rough upper sections with beveled bases.
All clocks have six yr.
All clocks have two things in common.
All clocks work by counting some kind of rhythm.
Every clock is a hand crafted fun gift that is a handmade, hand painted art piece.
Every clock is different in the unique wood and layout used, as well as the handle on the bottom.
Every clock is finished with Danish oil, for a natural, beautiful, and durable finish.
Every clock is hand crafted from wood or leather and then hand painted.
Every clock is unique.
Many clocks are on display here.
Many clocks have time adjust shafts which lower and raise the bob from the front.
Most clocks can only resolve milliseconds or tens of milliseconds.
Most clocks measure how many times a repetitive action is carried out.
Most clocks require a serial port or special bus peripheral.
Most clocks use gears to track time.
Some clocks are available with musical chimes.
Some clocks are especially interesting.
Some clocks can give the date as well as the time and a few give other information .
Some clocks can give the date as well as the time and a few give other information.
Some clocks come with three wire cord.
SOME clocks do considerably more than tell time.
Some clocks have metal gears, while others have plastic.
Some clocks keep time and keep quiet about it.
Clockings are durations.
Clockwise current is positive, counter-clockwise is negative.
Clockwise direction is performed first.
Clockwise rotation decreases relief.
Clockwise rotation increases automatic low frequency attenuation.
Clockwise rotation is a turn
Clockwise rotation is for backward or reverse movement.
Clockwise rotation is positive.
Clockwise rotation means the opposite.
Clockwise rotation pulls the tail stock back toward the rear of bed or away from the operator.
Clockwise rotation raises point of impact.
Clockwise rotation reduces high frequency gain.
Clockwise rotation reduces low frequency gain.
Clockwise rotations are negative.
Clockwise rotations are positive, for rotating the cube about any axis.
Clockwise torsions are positive, anticlockwise torsions are negative.
Clockwork are always able to help.
Clockwork has (part) sections.
Clockwork involves five European research centres and two engineering companies.
Clockwork is a mechanism
Clockwork is mechanisms.
Clockwork is structured around production tasks and production jobs.
Clockwork isa mechanism.
Clockwork seems to have a sense of anger to it.
Clockwork wants to kick some Cash ass up in Berkeley.
A clod is agglomeration
Clods can create air pockets around the root ball.
Clods form very often in clayey soils.
Clods usually slake easily with repeated wetting and drying.
Any clod can have the facts, but having an opinion is an art.
Any clod can have the facts, but having opinions is an art.
A clodhopper is a shoe
Clodhoppers eat both seeds and plants.
Clodronate increases bone mineral density in young growing oophorectomized beagles.
Clofibric acid is a cholesterol-lowering drug.
A clog is interference
Clogs are acceptable.
Clogs are both open and closed-back designs.
Clogs are footwear.
Clogs are our specialty.
Clogs are shoes.
Clogs keep feet dry, without perspiration, and give full protection against moisture and mud.
Clogged aerators are big causes of stopped-up drains.
Clogged arteries are a major cause of heart attack and stroke.
Clogged arteries are seen as the quintessential symptom of an unhealthy modern lifestyle.
Clogged arteries can put a severe strain on the heart and sometimes cause heart attacks or stokes.
Clogged arteries can put a severe strain on the heart and sometimes cause heart attacks or strokes.
Clogged arteries inhibit the heart's supply of oxygen and nutrients.
Clogged arteries kill people.
Clogged arteries stop an adequate supply of oxygen from reaching the heart.
Clogged drains are often a cause for standing water.
Clogged drains can lead to roofing problems.
Clogged ducts can last for weeks and weeks.
Clogged filters make appliances work harder, so they use more energy to do the same job.
Clogged filters reduce air flow and cause the furnace to work harder, using more energy.
Every clogged freeway is the set ski track winding into darkening forest.
Clogged grates are often the reason a street floods during a storm.
Clogged gutters are often responsible for rearing mosquitoes around the home.
Clogged gutters can cause water to backup into the house and lead to wall and ceiling damage.
Clogged highways can become more dangerous than staying at home, emergency managers think.
Clogged jails interrupt the judicial process.
Clogged nozzle can really delay a project.
Clogged pores are a breeding ground for acne bacteria, and acne bacteria cause pimples.
Clogged pores have nothing to do with the cause of male pattern baldness.
Clogged pores require increased water pressure which can damage filters.
Clogged storm drains at the top of the slope caused minimal damage.
Clogged toilets can cause very messy situations.
All cloisonne pins are top quality baked enamel on metal with gold or silver electroplating.
A cloister is a courtyard
Cloister does defend.
Cloisters adjoin the building front and back.
Cloisters are courts.
Many cloisters survive.
Clomiphene citrate enhances the release of pituitary hormones, often resulting in ovulation.
Clomiphene citrate is a fertility drug
Clomiphene citrate is a receptor specific hormone modulator.
Clomiphene citrate is the most commonly used fertility medication prescribed for anovulatory women.
Clomiphene citrate is the most frequently used drug for ovulation induction.
A clomiphene is a fertility drug
Clomiphene citrate alters surface ultrastructure of uterine luminal epithelial cells.
Clomiphene citrate alters vaginal surface morphology in cycling rats.
Clomiphene exerts only a very weak biologic estrogenic effect.
Clomiphene prevents bone loss from tibia of ovariectomized rats.
Clomiphene works by 'kick-starting' the hormone system into stimulating an egg to grow.
Clomipramine hydrochloride is a while to off-white crystalline powder.
A clomipramine is an antidepressant drug
Clomipramine increases chemicals in the brain.
Clomipramine is an anti-depressant.
Clomipramine is another option.
Clomipramine is in a class of drugs called tricyclic antidepressants.
Clomipramine is used to treat obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Clomipramine works by affecting brain serotonin.
Clomipramines are drugs.
Clomipramines are tricyclic.
Clonable objects allow arbitrary uses through copying, unique objects are usable only once.
Clonal analysis indicates that shutdown functions autonomously in the germline.
Clonal cells share two common features that lead to the symptoms of leukemia.
Clonal colonies are common in many plant species .
Clonal deletion is one mechanism by which negative selection can be achieved.
Clonal diversity is at least as high in the Arctic as in the temperate zone.
Clonal diversity is highly variable.
Clonal forestry is the way of the future.
Clonal markers are a definitive indicator of cancer.
Some clonal material is available from Oregon.
Clonal selection provides essential biological economy.
Clonal strains are responsible for most reported cases of Brazailian purpuric fever.
Some clone manufacturers beg to differ.
Clone troopers enforce rules.
Most clone troopers enforce rules.
Some clone troopers have code.
Clone duplicates an existing document.
Clone is a particularly handy tool for photo retouching.
Clone is ok.
Clone Opens a duplicate of the window being viewed.
Clone works on all image types and drawables, though perhaps with odd effect on indexed images.
Clones already exist.
Clones also face considerable health risks, with most animal clones dying even before they are born.
Clones appear below the markers.
Clones are a group of genetically identical individual organisms produced asexually.
Clones are a result of the union of a donor cell, a recipient cell and a surrogate mother.
Clones are a variety within a variety.
Clones are also highly useful in biological research because of their genetic uniformity.
Clones are an exact copy of another plant.
Clones are an invaluable resource for scientists who want to conduct further lab research.
Clones are bad news.
Clones are best.
Clones are copies of original equipment by definition.
Clones are created by labs.
Clones are cuttings that can be grown to produce genetically identical plants.
Clones are different.
Clones are everywhere.
Clones are exact or near-exact copies, usually being reversed engineered or based on licensed code.
Clones are exactly alike.
Clones are genetically identical copies of a cell line.
Clones are here also.
Clones are here to stay, and thank goodness.
Clones are immortal and produce monoclonal antibody.
Clones are impossible.
Clones are merely imitations of a standard-setting computer.
Clones are multiple simultaneous instances of the same user.
Clones are nearly identical models built on the same platform and marketed under a different name.
Clones are no more exact copies than any two identical twins are.
Clones are organisms.
Clones are people made in an unusual manner.
Clones are people too.
Clones are people two.
Clones are people, too.
Clones are people, two.
Clones are simply identical twins.
Clones are simply people made in a never before seen way.
Clones are simulacra.
Clones are spooky.
Clones are the hot items nowadays.
Clones are the starting block for many of our greatest and most beloved science fiction stories.
Clones are undeniably persons.
Clones are usually commercial failures.
Clones are very good.
Clones are well liked and experienced people seem to like the Viper for into the wind use.
Clones can be of different types.
Clones can develop from portions of stems, leaves or roots.
Clones can occur in nature in several ways.
Clones have another problem.
Clones have identical DNA as do identical twins.
Clones have identical DNA, as do identical twins.
Clones have lower returns than the funds on which they're based.
Clones have smooth edges and are round or elliptical in shape on legs and especially wings .
Clones have the same genotype.
Clones just require a simple upgrade.
Clones make people stand and watch.
Clones play only rehearsed routines.
Clones recover from prolonged dormancy induced by severe stress.
Clones refer to plants, animals or bacteria that are essentially copies of one another.
Clones replace dead pets.
Clones resemble small groves of many individual stems.
Clones run expensive DJ camps that only nerds can afford.
Clones starting with 'a' are from our HindIII library.
Clones struggle for air in intensive care, only to have to be euthanized.
Clones travel from all over the U.S. to join the fun.
Clones treated by burning and then repeatedly browsed usually only hasten their demise.
Clones vary greatly in resistance to disease attack and damage.
Clones vary in quality and detail.
All clones accumulate mutations.
All clones are artificial births.
All clones are asexually reproduced beings.
All clones are asexually reproduced offspring.
All clones are genetically identical.
All clones are in ampicillin-resistant vectors, and each plate contains one vector only.
All clones have some subtle defects.
All clones work in immunohistochemistry.
Many clones are available with white, pink, red and coral flowers in single or double blooms.
MORE clone uses direct video output.
Most clones die.
Some clones are also much more reliable with even the older drivers.
Some clones are self fruitful.
Some clones are unsigned.
Some clones are very tight and it is hard to see the bud.
Some clones even allow the arrow keys to be used to move the cursor when in input mode.
Some clones have flowers double-sized from average plants.
Some clones have very long spines and are particularly attractive.
Some clones maintain a particular phase of the plants life cycle.
Cloneable interface org.ietf.jgss.
Cloned animals are less resistant to new diseases.
Cloned animals are sometimes abnormal.
Cloned beef is already on sale in Japanese supermarkets.
Most cloned embryos die.
Cloned humans are natural persons.
Cloned humans are real persons.
Many cloned mice develop slower than normal.
Cloned objects consist of information about an artwork and an archival copy of the work.
Cloned organisms are less resistant to new diseases.
Cloned receptors are also available at no cost to qualified investigators.
Cloned selections are usually rather expensive to buy.
Cloned specimen haplotype network and distribution.
Clonic seizures are repetitive, rhythmic jerks that involve both sides of the body at the same time.
Clonic seizures begin within days of birth and stop in weeks to months.
Clonic seizures cause repeated jerking movements of muscles on both sides of the body.
Clonidine hydrochloride is an imidazoline derivative and exists as a mesomeric compound.
A clonidine is an antihypertensive drug
Clonidine blocks norepinephrine auto-receptors.
Clonidine decreases plasma catecholamines and improves outcome from incomplete ischemia in the rat.
Clonidine passes into breast milk.
Clonidines are drugs.
A cloning is biological research
Cloning abolishes the genetic difference between parent and child.
Cloning adds a burden of responsibility.
Cloning allows an infertile man to have a genetically related child.
Cloning allows multicolour sorcerers to split down into two or three one colour sorcerers.
Cloning allows scientists to use the chromosomes they what for cell production.
Cloning allows the continuation of species facing extinction.
Cloning already exists with animals.
Cloning also brings invaluable ways of reproduction.
Cloning also fall under the topic of reproductive technologies.
Cloning also fixes visual garbage.
Cloning also has the power to cure infertility.
Cloning also provides better research capabilities for finding cures to many diseases.
Cloning also reduces the amount of time needed for breeding.
Cloning also reduces the amount of time needed for reproduction.
Cloning brings up all sorts of images and possible horrors.
Cloning can allow scientists to study cures for sickness.
Cloning can also benefit in the area of transgenics.
Cloning can be a way for humans to make up for their intrusion with nature.
Cloning can convert old cells into young cells.
Cloning can eliminate all that worrying.
Cloning can even put an end to any sibling rivalry.
Cloning can help carriers of genetic defects to have healthy children.
Cloning can help replenish a herd of animals within a very short time period.
Cloning can mean a couple of different things.
Cloning can no more bring back the dead than can owning a videotape of a deceased person.
Cloning can only work when the recipient egg somehow resets the donor DNA to an embryonic state.
Cloning comes from insecurity and from being centered on public opinion.
Cloning creates a genetically identical copy of an animal or plant.
Cloning creates life from life.
Cloning creates ordinary children who grow up to be unique individuals.
Cloning does have some positive applications.
Cloning entails the production, rather than the creation, of a child.
Cloning exceeds the limits of the delegated dominions given to the human race.
Cloning exists in nature in some animal species and is referred to as parthenogenesis .
Cloning gives the un-reborn the right to have a second chance at life.
Cloning goes against most religious beliefs, teachings, and values.
Cloning gone awry, revolting replicants, viruses wiping out whole towns - now that's entertainment.
Cloning has a huge potential in providing human replacement parts for the future.
Cloning has a place in conservation.
Cloning has many advantages.
Cloning has many benefits for the human race.
Cloning has many future advantages.
Cloning has many potential uses.
Cloning has some value for plant and animal husbandry.
Cloning has the potential to change the world for infertile couples almost overnight.
Cloning has to do with more than simple replication.
Cloning holds immense good and immense horrors.
Cloning implicates the destruction of manipulated embryos.
Cloning Includes news stories, videos, interviews, related sites.
Cloning involves producing a genetic twin from a single cell, for example a skin cell.
Cloning involves producing genetic copies.
Cloning involves the deliberate duplication of the genome of an existing person.
Cloning involves the following scenario.
Cloning involves the placing of a somatic cell nucleus into an oocyte.
Cloning involves the propagation of DNA fragments in a foreign host.
Cloning involves the use of two cells, an unfertilized egg, the recipient.
Cloning is a big news story of the day.
Cloning is a case in point.
Cloning is a change in genetics.
Cloning is a concept, which arouses strong reactions.
Cloning is a controversial issue for people.
Cloning is a denial of death.
Cloning is a first step to making human-ready pigs.
Cloning is a form of asexual production at the cellular level.
Cloning is a fundamental technique used in many labs.
Cloning is a laboratory procedure of duplicating cells.
Cloning is a legitimate treatment of infertility.
Cloning is a moral problem.
Cloning is a much less reliable way to accomplish such objectives.
Cloning is a much more radical achievement.
Cloning is a necessary step in human technological development.
Cloning is a necessary step is human technological development.
Cloning is a new form of eugenics and results in the exercise of control over other s lives.
Cloning is a new technology in biology.
Cloning is a one of the major breakthroughs in the twentieth century.
Cloning is a part of genetic engineering.
Cloning is a process for creating a genetic twin of an individual.
Cloning is a process of producing clones.
Cloning is a process that creates a genetic duplicate of an individual.
Cloning is a process used to obtain an identical organism asexually.
Cloning is a reality.
Cloning is a scientist's dream that becomes more of a reality everyday.
Cloning is a subject that has been presented in the past few years and has achieved great successes.
Cloning is a technique that is partly successful in frogs.
Cloning is a technique, an instrument.
Cloning is a terribly wasteful technique.
Cloning is a tool and, as such, is good or bad according to the use it is put to by human beings.
Cloning is a very simple trick.
Cloning is a very valuable technology but also a very misunderstood one.
Cloning is a way of producing a genetic twin of an organism, without sexual reproduction.
Cloning is accomplished through a process called nuclear transfer.
Cloning is almost here.
Cloning is also instrumental.
Cloning is an affront to human dignity.
Cloning is an alternative method.
Cloning is an artificial generation of life and can only hinder true freedom.
Cloning is an attempt to copy life or to reproduce life.
Cloning is an efficient way to leapfrog generations in the search for the premium fine wool.
Cloning is an excellent example.
Cloning is an insult to humanity.
Cloning is an interesting subject.
Cloning is another matter.
Cloning is another promising area.
Cloning is another way of referring to vegetative reproduction.
Cloning is another.
Cloning is as cloning does.
Cloning is asexual reproduction.
Cloning is at odds with the traditional concept of family.
Cloning is back on the agenda, but the focus is now on spare parts.
Cloning is banned because of the safety of the baby.
Cloning is based on a process called nuclear transfer.
Cloning is based on nuclear transfer, involving the use of two cells.
Cloning is based on nuclear transfer, which involves the use of two cells.
Cloning is basically the asexual reproduction of identical copies of genes and organisms.
Cloning is beneficial to humanity.
Cloning is comparable in safety to a number of other medical procedures.
Cloning is considered by many to be both unethical and immoral.
Cloning is dangerous.
Cloning is described as taking the cell of something and making an identical copy of it.
Cloning is different.
Cloning is done through a process of nuclear transfer.
Cloning is essential to all biotechnology futures.
Cloning is ethical.
Cloning is facilitated by including a replication origin and selectable marker in the adapters.
Cloning is for people with worse problems than blocked or cut tubes.
Cloning is good.
Cloning is have more than one connection to the chat room at one time.
Cloning is here.
Cloning is highly inefficient.
Cloning is hugely wasteful.
Cloning is illegal in England.
Cloning is important for biotech companies.
Cloning is important in narrowleaf cottonwood gallery maintenance.
Cloning is inevitable.
Cloning is just another method of giving birth.
Cloning is just another method of reproduction.
Cloning is just plain stupid.
Cloning is just the opposite.
Cloning is leagal.
Cloning is less common in animals although identical twins are human clones.
Cloning is like copying .
Cloning is like nuclear energy.
Cloning is more accurate in an embryo than microinjection.
Cloning is more than a media sensation - companies have already begun cloning livestock.
Cloning is much like giving birth.
Cloning is natural to some animals , but rare in mammals .
Cloning is natural to some animals, but rare in mammals.
Cloning is neither unnatural or bizarre.
Cloning is no exception because it aids the creation of life.
Cloning is no longer science fiction.
Cloning is now a reality.
Cloning is now a scientific possibility.
Cloning is now inevitable.
Cloning is one method discussed as an option for bringing extinct species back.
Cloning is one of the hottest, ethical topics in controversy in today s society.
Cloning is one of the most controversial areas of contemporary science.
Cloning is one of the most controversial subjects of our time.
Cloning is one way.
Cloning is only a copy effect and the original matter of origin yet needs to be discovered.
Cloning is only one example.
Cloning is practiced by the rock covering that spreads as individuals simply pull in two.
Cloning is promoted by some cytokines and inhibited by others.
Cloning is radically different in another way.
Cloning is seen as a possible way to aid some people who have severe medical problems .
Cloning is simply reproduction without sex.
Cloning is simply the process of making an identical, yet time delayed, replica.
Cloning is successful only if the parent was well adapted to the present environment.
Cloning is the answer to many medical questions, and to a better quality of life.
Cloning is the artificial reproduction of an organism that is an exact duplicate of the original.
Cloning is the attempt to replicate the unlovable out of the ruins of lovelessness.
Cloning is the creation of a genetically identical creature from the DNA of an other.
Cloning is the creation of genetically identical copies of a single parent cell or organism.
Cloning is the doubling of a human or animal.
Cloning is The Future, and all that drivel.
Cloning is the genetically identical duplication of an organism through asexual reproduction.
Cloning is the genie and Dolly was the bottle.
Cloning is the last frontier.
Cloning is the latest example of the quest for domination over humanity.
Cloning is the making of an exact copy of an organism.
Cloning is the most widely proposed method, although selective breeding has also been proposed.
Cloning is the next big thing in the near future.
Cloning is the obvious answer.
Cloning is the preferred method of propagation.
Cloning is the process in which multiple identical copies of an entire entity are made.
Cloning is the process of copying one part of a picture to another.
Cloning is the process of creating an identical copy of an original organism or thing.
Cloning is the process of creating identical individuals.
Cloning is the process of genetically duplicating an individual.
Cloning is the process of making a genetically identical organism through nonsexual means.
Cloning is the process of making an exact genetic copy of someone or something.
Cloning is the process of replicating an identical gene, cell, or organism from a single ancestor.
Cloning is the production of a genetically identical organism from the same individual organism.
Cloning is the production of an exact copy of a cell, any other living part, or a complete organism.
Cloning is the recreation of a human being in isolation.
Cloning is the replication of an existing genome, and it s simply a copy.
Cloning is the sincerest form of flattery.
Cloning is the ultimate dehumanizing of human reproduction.
Cloning is the ultimate depersonalizing of human reproduction.
Cloning is the way amoebas reproduce.
Cloning is the way to make many copies of the original.
Cloning is to take precedence over genetic experimentation.
Cloning is too valuable to mankind to prohibit.
Cloning is transparent to the user.
Cloning is unnatural.
Cloning is unsafe.
Cloning is unsuccessful.
Cloning is used to produce new individuals that are useful in farming and agriculture.
Cloning is very useful and very important to human beings.
Cloning is, in fact, the perfect reproductive technology for dead people.
Cloning just copies the fields of an object.
Cloning just means making an exact copy, and a replica of something is intrinsically boring.
Cloning lacks respect in human dignity.
Cloning Learn what cloning is and how it began.
Cloning makes exact copies.
Cloning means copying.
Cloning occurs naturally all of the time.
Cloning occurs naturally and is widespread in both animals and plants.
Cloning occurs naturally in many species on earth, including humans.
Cloning offers a promising future in medical treatments.
Cloning offers many other possibilities.
Cloning offers potential medical benefits, for example, such as organ renewal.
Cloning only comes in play if there was a problem of rejection.
Cloning only makes a genetic copy of the cell with the engineered genetic sequence.
Cloning opens the way for new possibilities.
Cloning poses a hugely misunderstood and underestimated threat to humans.
Cloning presents many issues to consider.
Cloning prevents society from advancing.
Cloning produces an object whose fields have the same values as the original object.
Cloning produces genetically identical offspring, either male or female.
Cloning provides a means for lesbians to have children as a couple.
Cloning provides a method of obtaining information without the delay of progeny testing.
Cloning provides a nice example.
Cloning raises so many questions that are as yet too short on thoughtful answers.
Cloning refers to any attempt to produce a genetically identical copy of another organism.
Cloning refers to the production of an identical genetic copy.
Cloning represents a way to control the future through our genetically altered children.
Cloning represents the height of genetic reductionism and genetic determinism.
Cloning returns a copy of the object being cloned.
Cloning seems frightening now.
Cloning seems to have no ill effects so far.
Cloning seems to hold promise for that.
Cloning seems to offer new possibilities of medical advances.
Cloning sidesteps the normal process of conception.
Cloning takes a leap forward.
Cloning takes the genetic material of an existing person and uses it as the basis of a new person.
Cloning takes the work out of multiple machine set ups.
Cloning theoretically can pre serve a genotype forever.
Cloning threatens identity and individuality.
Cloning threatens the traditional family structure.
Cloning transforms the cloned individual from a subject into an object of production.
Cloning turns out to be the perfect embodiment of the ruling opinions of our new age.
Cloning turns procreation into manufacture.
Cloning uses a human being as a means to an end.
Cloning violates the religious values of many religions.
Cloning works somewhat for embryonic cell cultures.
Clonings are asexual reproduction.
Clonings are biological research.
Clonings are human activities.
More cloning is in progress.
A clonus is convulsion
Clonus is the repeated spasms of muscles, due to a seizure or increased muscle tone.
Clore furniture is crafted to remain beautiful over many years of everyday use.
Closable slit nostrils to keep out blowing sand.
Close accommodations are available for out of town patients.
Close analysis fails to find the charm of it. . . .
Close analysis fails to find the charm of it.
Close Approach Play a realistic space age thriller.
Close approximation is one box of towels equals one bale of rags.
Close approximations are good enough.
Close aspects are also a strong indicator of powerful sexual attraction.
Close associates say nothing in the writer's recent behavior indicated a relapse into drug use.
Close association is helpful when sighted and non-sighted users are working together.
Some close asteroids leave trails half that long in twice the time.
Close attention is given to all the religious holidays and festivals.
Close attention is given to any complaints from students.
Close attention is given to current criteria for determining the adequacy of the cytologic specimen.
Close attention is given to each stage of mitering, filing, brazing, and fitting.
Close attention is given to every detail, from the silver or gold fittings to the final finish.
Close attention is given to the effects of surgical resection on various brain functions.
Close attention is given to the personal development of the clients.
Close attention is paid to a fluid balance.
Close attention is paid to all clients to ensure a quality and personal adventure.
Close attention is paid to all details to produce the finest wine possible.
Close attention is paid to character detail.
Close attention is paid to creative, analytical, scientific, and intuitive thinking.
Close attention is paid to detail on each glass piece.
Close attention is paid to follow-up and evaluation.
Close attention is paid to memory access and garbage collection is automatic.
Close attention is paid to movement and how it changes shadows and lines.
Close attention is paid to power efficiency.
Close attention is paid to precise adaptations of clasps and rests to abutment teeth.
Close attention is paid to proper nutrition and pulmonary aid.
Close attention is paid to quality during manufacturing.
Close attention is paid to service quality and follow-up.
Close attention is paid to simple definitions.
Close attention is paid to subtle shift of vocal tone and emphasis.
Close attention is paid to the analysis of ordinary arguments.
Close attention is paid to the different uses of language in an argumentative context.
Close attention is paid to the financial markets in particular.
Close attention is paid to the impact of the soundtrack.
Close attention is paid to the inherent differences in writing a script for film versus television.
Close attention is paid to the issues of integration of immigrants into the society.
Close attention is paid to written papers, which constitute a major part of the grade for the class.
Close attention is placed on performing the postures correctly.
Close attention is taken to the selection and purchase of each and every bird and small animal.
Close attention makes it harder for abusive or fraudulent claims to slip through the cracks.
Close attention needs to be paid to the openings for good ventilation.
Close battles exist for the top spot in all but one group.
Close branches mean close evolutionary relationships.
Close bread halves together and wrap in foil.
Close button closes the form.
Close button exits the player.
A close call is achievement
Close calls are accomplishment.
Close calls make lasting impressions.
Close calls prove UK worthy .
Close calls result from our own errors in judgement, acts of carelessness, or over-confidence.
Close Case Indicates the date on which all activity associated with the inspection ceased.
Some close circles show results.
Close circuits have paths.
Most close circuits have paths.
Close collaboration exists with many experimental and theoretical groups worldwide.
Close collaboration is indeed necessary.
Close collaboration is maintained with colleagues in north-west Russia.
Close collaboration is required between the student and contracted faculty sponsor.
Close collaborations exist across the two campuses.
Close combat is a far more realistic game.
Close combat is vital to distribution strategy and in developing tactics.
Close combat using the predator, can be quite tedious.
Close communication is essential.
Close communication is maintained between the family and the school.
Close communication is maintained with parents and parent groups.
Close communication is maintained with partner agencies.
Close communication is the best way to avoid time-consuming revisions.
Close community takes commitment on the part of members.
Close comparison does reveal some significant differences.
Close connection Closes the network connection.
Close connection succeeds.
Close consideration shows that the contrary is true.
Close contact allows for rapid spread of infectious organisms from one lamb to the next.
Close contact allows the bacteria to spread.
Close contact enhances the chances of getting the infection rather than than remote contact.
Close contact equals transmission.
Close contact includes bathing together, sleeping in the same bed, or even holding hands.
Close contact is common in certain sports or games, and minor cuts and scrapes often happen.
Close contact is kept with each patient's physician.
Close contact is made with the home environment and with local agencies.
Close contact is maintained between school officials and parents.
Close contact is maintained between the adoptive home and the Rescue after an animal is placed.
Close contact is maintained with church leaders in the region.
Close contact is maintained with distributors and customers in all parts of the globe.
Close contact is maintained with major UK companies and with public sector recruiters of graduates.
Close contact is maintained with the farming community through the ditch companies.
Close contact is maintained with the instructor, and conferences are scheduled regularly.
Close contact is necessary for efficient transmission.
Close contact is needed, which in fact is how outbreaks in Africa occurred.
Close contact is our specialty.
Close contact is possible between American and Chinese students both in and out of classes.
Close contact is regarded as essential for transmission via nasal discharge.
Close contact is required for transmission.
Close contact is the most important risk factor for acquiring infection.
Close contact is to be encouraged - ask members to visit the office etc.
Close contacts are at highest risk of becoming infected.
Close contacts exist with industry.
Close contacts exist with many industrial, commercial and public sector organisations.
Close contacts exist with related organisations all over the globe.
Close Contacts Follow up of close contacts is very important.
Close control is essential for every player on the field, except perhaps the goalkeeper.
Close control means being able to keep the ball under control and close to the player.
Close cooperation continues between the two entirely independent churches.
Close cooperation is designed to ensure a practice-oriented procedure.
Close cooperation is essential if the best results are to be obtained.
Close cooperation is maintained on disarmament and security issues.
Close cooperation is needed at all levels, including the party level.
Close cooperation is needed between all the potters who are helping with the firing.
Close coordination can eliminate useless duplication.
Close coordination is also active in the road and financial and SME sectors.
Close coordination is easier with geographic proximity.
Close coordination is essential for satisfactory snow cache establishment.
Close coordination is planned with management agencies as well.
Close coordination is required at all levels of the operation.
Close coordination is required to keep the roster up to date.
Close couples present a united front to their children.
Close coupling enables a tighter turning radius and better mobility in operation.
Some close cousins have stripes.
Some close curtains reduce heat.
Close custody represents higher risk and more restriction in movement.
Close cutoff means less labor grinding gates off.
Close cylinder valves.
Close deals fast.
Close doors guide away from stairs, traffic and other perils.
Some close doors lead to kitchens.
Close elections are always contests for the center.
Close elections are close.
Close elections are healthy and have been good for the country.
Close elections are the norm when two nonincumbent candidates seek the presidency.
Close elections are the true crucible of democracy.
Close encounters are thus clearly easiest to handle in conventional integration variables.
Close enough is good enough.
Close examination does reveal certain similarities between the stations, but also key differences.
Close examination is made of insurance issues and of Florida's Model Omnibus AIDS Act, as amended.
Close examination reveals additional structures growing out from the barbs called barbules.
Close examination reveals adult mites on the leaves, but the larvae initiate damage.
Close examination reveals adult mites on the leaves.
Close examination reveals legs and wings appressed to the body surface.
Close examination reveals much interesting detail.
Close examination reveals red eyes and white feathering around the bill.
Close examination reveals that it is a little taller than it is wide.
Close examination reveals that the body bears numerous black thorn-like microspines.
Close examination reveals the extremely fine embroidery work.
Close examination reveals the hen to be infested with lice.
Close examination shows a hint of pinholes along the folded portion of the welded joints.
Close examination shows some very nice striatons along the bone.
Close examination shows that it is an arbor vitae, also known as the tree of life.
Close examination shows that the right-hand section of the map has been torn away.
Close examination shows tiny, crab-like lice.
Some close examinations reveal matter.
Some close examinations show gum.
Close eyes have types.
Most close eyes have types.
Close families use it and close friends use it.
Close finish leads to big celebration.
Close focus is ideal for nature observation.
Close focus varies from person to person through binoculars just as it does with the naked eye.
Close Form Uses the Close method to close the current form.
Close formation flying in the military is common.
Close friends are a powerful motivation to succeed in school.
Close friends are the most Valuable asset a human being can have.
Close friends can be best.
Close friends can enter one's home and assume maintenance responsibilities.
Close friends can offer invaluable emotional and practical support to parents.
Close friends care about kids.
Close friends come.
Close friends develop among the young ladies who live together.
Close friends do more than just correct mistakes.
Close friends experience death.
Close friends have mothers.
Close friends help each other, irrespective of ideology and ideas.
Close friends help people.
Close friends help to establish that a relationship was loving, valid and mutual.
Close friends imply there's been relatively little friction so far.
Close friends know better.
Close friends know one another intimately.
Close friends may have difficulty.
Close friends play an extremely important role in the lives of all older adults.
Close friends provide security and caring.
Close friends stick together and support one another in the worst of times.
Most close friends care about kids.
Most close friends experience death.
Most close friends have mothers.
Most close friends help people.
Some close friends bring food.
Some close friends follow diets.
Some close friends have cigarettes.
Close friendship takes as much work as any marriage, and is as rewarding.
Close friendships are just as possible as deadly enemy behaviors.
Close friendships are often more important to girls.
Close friendships develop among members of majors, organizations and teams.
Close friendships require considerable effort.
Many close friendships are sure to evolve over the course of the semester.
Many close friendships develop between the adoptive home and the rescue group.
Many close friendships develop in one week.
Close fuel valves, and cockpit seacocks.
Close games slip away.
More close games means more excitement.
Close grazing adds to the problem.
Close grazing can be especially detrimental during hot weather.
Close guidance is provided by the instructor.
Close guidance is provided.
Some close hotels have shuttles which run to and from the airport.
Close inspection indicates a weak anvil beginning to shear off to the southeast.
Close inspection is necessary.
Close inspection is required especially with stonefly and caddis hatching.
Close inspection reveals a central hair follicle.
Close inspection reveals an old patina made up of myriad sparkling flashes.
Close inspection reveals black and yellow striped legs.
Close inspection reveals caterpillars inside.
Close inspection reveals leaves with a speckled or stippled appearance.
Close inspection reveals subtle grey tones and a paler collar.
Close inspection reveals that deserts only seem like dry places.
Close inspection reveals that it is melt number one that is in serious error.
Close inspection reveals that no single chaff echo appears on more than two consecutive tilts.
Close inspection reveals that some of the arrow target heads are still attached.
Close inspection reveals that the ply was epoxy saturated and that the colour change is superficial.
Close inspection reveals that the rocks form an outline of a box.
Close inspection reveals that they are French and the bone has in fact been removed.
Close inspection reveals that they are really a lighter pink with a dark center.
Close inspection reveals that very little overt damage was done.
Close inspection reveals the gas system valve beneath the frontsight.
Close inspection reveals the subtleties of work and home in the new state of Vermont.
Close inspection reveals the two lists are inconsistent and greatly diverge from one another.
Close inspection reveals the typical spotting, which is obscured by the darkness of the background.
Close inspection shows it has far more legs than do carpet beetles.
Close inspections reveal images.
Close inspections reveal that white grubs are the cause of the problems.
Close inspections show presence.
Most close inspections reveal images.
Most close inspections show presence.
Some close inspections reveal blood vessels.
Some close inspections reveal vessels.
Close integrations exist between content and scientific processes.
Close interactions are likely.
Close liaison is maintained with additional hospitals in the area.
Close liaison is maintained with district and parish councils.
Close liaison is maintained with parents throughout a girl's schooling.
Close liaison is maintained with provincial and international nutrition authorities.
Close links exist with primary care.
Close links make violent conflict less acceptable.
Close linkages exist between economic analysis, policy development and land tenure considerations.
Close method Closes the reader and releases any allocated resources.
Close monitoring is also essential as it lessens potential risks.
Close monitoring is another key ingredient.
Close monitoring is begun to prevent overhydration or excessive hemodilution.
Close monitoring is critical, obviously, because depression is potentially a fatal disease.
Close monitoring is essential.
Close monitoring is highly encouraged.
Close monitoring is necessary to decrease the risk of side effects.
Close monitoring is necessary to see how they are performing.
Close monitoring is necessary within the first hours and days of life to detect scours.
Close monitoring is necessary.
Close monitoring is obviously vital during such a rechallenge procedure.
Close monitoring is required since there is no assurance that the entire lesion has been destroyed.
Close monitoring is required together with regular blood tests.
Close monitoring is required.
Close Moves object from running to loaded state.
Close neighbors are better than far-away relatives.
Close numbers work together.
Close objects appear blurry and are difficult to read.
Close objects appear clear while far away objects are fuzzy.
Close objects are brightest and sharpest.
Close objects seem to move more than objects that are far away.
Close observation helps scientists understand their subjects.
Close observation indicates plenty of hanky-panky.
Close observation is necessary to prevent rapid spread of disease through the water.
Close observation is required in case the cow has difficulties.
Close observation is required in case vomiting occurs.
Close observation is the best guide for additional sidedressing.
Close observation reveals a black discoloration moving up from the tips of the roots.
Close observation reveals that the cult is fundamentally anthropocentric.
Close observation reveals the letters of the alphabet in photographs of nature.
Close order is a military formation
Close order is more favourable than open.
Most close outs show cost of gains in the mid to high forties.
Close photography is possible.
Close planting is recommended to prevent oversizing and the development of growth cracks.
Close planting tends to deplete water very quickly.
Close printer cover, plug back in, and make sure power is on.
Close printer cover.
Close procedure has to be evoked to close it.
Close program is used to close the program without running.
Close proximity allows behavioral correction without negative verbal comments.
Close proximity means more easily spread disease.
Close quarters are sites.
Close quarters can be a gardener's nightmare.
Close quarters combat against orcs.
Close quarters combat.
Close quarters magnify all problems and resentments.
Close quarters seem to make the problem worse.
Close race clouds a clear victor.
Close races are very difficult to call by eye, no matter how good one's sight.
Close races make any errors all the more serious.
Close range is required for great effectiveness in teaching and mentoring young people.
Close reading involves attention to structure, structure, style, word choice, and imagery.
Close reading involves attention to structure, style, word choice, and imagery.
Close reading is entailed in critical reading.
Close reading is required.
Close Reading Read a poem closely for meaning and form.
Close Reading Read closely and evaluate the effectiveness of poetic written texts.
Close Reading Set up a collection of picture books.
Close registration is obtained with state of the art tension controls and equipment.
Close regulation makes vinyl production safe.
Close relations cause difficulties.
Close relations serve the strategic interests of both sides.
Close relationship allows the continual cleansing of sin.
Close relationships can be our anchors in the sea of change.
Close relationships can become extension of self.
Close relationships develop between students and faculty.
Close relationships exist with both city and county governments.
Close relationships exist with other community providers to coordinate donated services.
Close relationships tend to be directed outside the home, rather than within the family.
All close relationships experience some friction.
All close relationships require self-disclosure.
Close relatives are more urgent charity recipients than exotic strangers.
Close relatives are mother and sisters.
Close relatives are usually grandparents, aunts, uncles, etc. by blood or marriage.
Close relatives can be good too.
Close relatives can have consequences.
Close relatives can have serious consequences.
Close relatives give up to ten animals, others one or two.
Close relatives have a greater likelihood of passing on identical traits to their offspring.
Close relatives have pest problems.
Close relatives have problems.
Close relatives have similar problems.
Close relatives live in California, Mexico, China, Taiwan, and Japan.
Close relatives share many genes.
Close relatives share the same bad genes because of their common grandparents.
Most close relatives can have consequences.
Most close relatives can have serious consequences.
Most close relatives have pest problems.
Most close relatives have problems.
Most close relatives have similar problems.
Some close relatives have sides.
Some close relatives pass last nights.
Some close relatives pass nights.
Some close relatives remain in places.
Some close relatives remain in same places.
Some close relatives visit graves.
Close release handle.
Close result triggers automatic recount.
Close roller clamps on access and return lines.
Close scrutiny is paid to areas where layoffs have occurred.
Close scrutiny reveals the authors' deep anxieties about time.
Close seconds are salary studies in printed publications.
Close shots can hurt.
Close similarity is seen as conflict.
Close space means that extremely small houses accumulate in high density.
Close steam valves until turbine power output is in the green zone.
Close strikes can also be deadly.
Close study is especially important for RFPs.
Close study reveals that many more stars are visible in the top half of the image.
Close supervision continues after training is completed.
Close supervision is a necessity to help ensure that work is being performed properly.
Close supervision is a very important part of training.
Close supervision is always highly recommended.
Close supervision is always necessary when the appliances are used near children.
Close supervision is essential, whether children are helping an adult cook or are simply watching.
Close supervision is given to minimize injury.
Close supervision is important to ensure acceptance of the pups especially the first few days.
Close supervision is necessary when any appliance is used by or near children.
Close supervision is necessary when used by or near children.
Close supervision is necessary.
Close supervision is paramount.
Close supervision is provided by a more senior academic, administrative or support staff member.
Close supervision is received and all work is reviewed by the supervisor.
Close supervision is received from a higher ranking nursing staff member.
Close supervision is received, progressing to general supervision after a training period.
Close supervision is required during initial training period.
Close supervision is to be a feature of the dissertation period.
Close tasks become difficult, especially in poor light.
Close ticket means to contact potential volunteer verbal contact or message.
Close ties bind public agency, private school.
Close ties exist between the academic and service departments.
Close ties exist between youth from all three churches.
Close tolerances insure a tight, secure fit.
Close tolerances require clean liquids.
Close vicinity is something that is vanishing.
Close views Click here to return to index of art historical sites.
Close vision is clear.
Close wings are closed.
Close wire lengths up to legal size documents.
Close work can worsen nearsightedness.
Close zooms are critical to accuracy.
Close is on the left, iconify and maximize are on the right.
Closes cause closes.
Closes install wizard.
Closes log file.
Closes switch to complete electric circuit between battery or generator and jeeper.
Closes think to riding a road bike off road.
Closed adoption hurts everyone.
Closed adoption is also an option if preferred.
Closed adoption means that the birth parents and the adoptive parents never know each other.
Closed architectures are more portable.
Closed area is identified on closure order map attached.
Closed areas are closed to ALL hunting.
Closed areas represent an important tool for conservation.
Most closed areas are closed to motor vehicle use by the general public.
Some closed area exist, watch for signs and check the maps .
Closed assignments are a follow-up of material taught.
Closed bands are circular and seamless.
Closed bands are put on young chicks and open bands on older birds.
Closed bands are seamless and made from steel or aluminum.
Closed barns are either uninsulated, insulated, or insulated and heated.
Closed basin lakes, that is lakes with no out-flowing rivers, are very useful.
Closed bases are also available.
Closed beaches are well marked with signs alerting people to the closures .
Closed bidding is rare, as national law requires tendering for all significant projects.
A closed book is perplexity
Closed book prohibits the use of any reference material, or texts.
Closed borders mean fewer Palestinian construction workers showing up for work.
Closed cabinets are neater.
Closed campuses enjoy improved relationships with their communities.
Closed caption makes things easy because someone has already transcribed the video tape.
Closed captions are available.
Closed captions are commonly white letters on black background, generally in all capital letters.
Closed captions are subtitles that can only be seen if the television is equipped with a decoder.
Closed captions can be particularly useful if there's a reason to be quiet in the house.
Closed captions display spoken dialogue as text on the television screen.
Closed captions require a decoder, or a TV with a built-in decoder chip.
Closed cars get very hot, very quickly.
Closed carriers are the safest and also the most expensive.
Closed cast is a way of producing a play in which only certain members of a certain group are cast.
Closed change is a basic figure in the Waltz .
Closed change is a basic figure in the Waltz.
Closed circles correspond to locations where the two native populations have been sampled.
Closed circles indicate seismic stations.
A closed circuit is a circuit
Closed circuit viewing of executions is nothing new.
Closed circuits allow the movement of electrical energy.
Closed classes require an add slip signed by the instructor of the class.
Closed clusters are closed.
Closed comedones are a mass of dead skin cells and skin oils.
Closed commitments drop from the report in subsequent months.
Closed commitments drop from the report in the subsequent month.
Closed cones indicate damp conditions while open cones indicate the forest floor is dry.
Closed conferences are open until participants individually join, then closed.
Closed containers are an explosion hazard when exposed to extreme heat.
Closed containers can explode due to buildup of pressure when exposed to extreme heat.
Closed containers exposed to extreme heat can rupture due to pressure buildup.
Closed courses are in Grey .
Closed curtains eliminate natural ventilation.
A closed curve is a curve
Closed curves are valid objects for the generation curve and path curves, but produce open surfaces.
Closed designs can vary significantly based on the number of drugs included on the formulary.
Closed discussion permits dialogue only among a few.
Closed discussions find their way into the archive .
Closed doors are good protection from heat and smoke.
Closed doors lead to various bedrooms.
Closed doors provide protection against heat and smoke.
Closed doors save lives and property by limiting the movement of smoke and flames.
Closed doors slow down the spread of fire and smoke.
Closed doors slow the spread of fire.
Closed End Fixed Rate a variety of terms are available.
Closed entries refer to a record that has all volumes received.
Closed events allow organisations to speak to students before formal interviews.
Closed events are open to our membership only and are sent separate mailings.
Closed exhaust is required.
Closed eyes can create a feeling of privacy and retreat.
Closed eyes pace steady dream meter.
Any closed figure formed by three or more line segments is called a polygon .
Closed fists make it easier to get hands through sleeves.
Closed flowers submerge to develop fruits.
Closed footwear is required for admission to the laboratory areas .
Closed formularies are most prevalent in HMOs.
Closed formularies are the exception rather than the rule.
A closed fracture is a break
Closed fractures are more common.
Closed groups come from single churches or schools.
Closed hands give a mellower, richer sound.
Closed letters are confidential.
A closed loop is a control system
Closed loop cooled shakers are available for combined environmental tests.
Closed meetings are limited to members and prospective members only.
Closed meetings are only for addicts or for people who think they have a problem with drugs.
Closed meetings are only for members.
Closed memories represent issues or events that people have resolved in their minds.
Closed mind is a dying mind.
Closed minds gather no intelligence.
Closed minds make it difficult to build an open and modern society.
Closed minds restrict potential and opportunity and conform to habit and precedent.
Closed minds seek the tried and true.
Closed minds seem to run a potential client away fast.
Closed minds tend to 'filter' reality to make it fit into their past 'realities'.
Closed offices are on the inside of the space with open offices on the outside.
Closed offices is out.
Closed parties are safer than clubs, restaurants and bars.
Closed people pray.
Closed period varies.
Closed pneumothorax is when air or gas gets in the pleural space without any outside wound.
Closed primaries ought to be the rule.
Closed primary is primary
Closed projects are limited to only a selected set of participants.
Closed questions are easier to think of before and during an interview.
Closed questions are the staple of many crime surveys.
Closed questions ask respondents to select from a set of fixed responses.
Closed questions can shut down communication.
Closed questions close the door on further thought, while open questions open the door.
Closed questions have a self-fulfilling effect.
Closed questions have the advantage in that they are easy to answer, tabulate and analyse.
Closed questions seek brief, specific answers.
Closed records degrade all members of the adoption triad.
Closed reduction is performed under general anesthesia.
Closed registries release only normal results to the public.
Closed reserve is located at the loans desk.
Closed responses give advise, put down, or ignore the feelings of the child.
Closed rings are fun to thread on anything long and thinner.
Closed schools stay on the locator for one year.
Closed season seems to to change from year to year.
Closed seasons occur when a species' abundance is insufficient to withstand harvest.
Closed sections are well marked.
A closed session is a session
Closed session is to discuss real estate, personnel, or legal matters.
Closed sessions are limited to returning tackle players and their siblings.
Closed sessions occur less often than in the past.
Closed sessions precede each meeting.
Any closed set is a stable set.
Closed setting is a setting which has been used where no claws are used to hold the diamond.
Closed shapes can have fill color applied.
Closed shoes are best.
Closed shoes make much more sense.
Closed shoes work better on the sandy trails and wooden platforms.
A closed shop is a company
Closed shops require a worker to join a union before they are employed.
Closed skills take place in a fixed environment where the athlete has the situation under control.
Closed societies cultivate secrecy, inspire suspicion and breed instability.
Closed software is a big problem for many reasons.
Closed source is the opposite of open source .
Closed source is the opposite of open source.
Closed source means only the bad guys get to find the security holes.
Closed sources do three bad things.
Closed squares are the two selected large contours.
Closed stacks makes browsing difficult.
Closed stands are far less susceptible to many pests than open stands.
Closed stomata prevent excessive water loss.
Closed subscription requires approval from the list owner.
Closed suction is preferred.
Any closed surface is a sphere with some number of handles attached.
Most closed syllables have a short-vowel sound.
Closed symbols are in the presence of probenecid.
Closed system ensures milk purity and prevents milk backup.
Closed system is one in which the mass remains constant and only energy is exchanged.
Closed systems are a particularly intense variety of coevolution.
Closed systems are dead ends.
Closed systems are very rare in nature.
Closed systems contain a plant or two, and that is all.
Closed systems die.
Closed systems have capillary beds which connect arteries and veins.
Closed systems have constant matter and energy.
Closed systems prevent problem solving, personal growth and moving forward.
Closed systems receive no inputs.
Any closed system has the potential to become contaminated with microbes.
Any closed system is doomed.
Closed tags are far more common and come in pairs.
Closed terrariums retain the most humidity, followed by open terrariums and then dish gardens.
Closed tips are associated with high edible quality.
Closed trail means that griz or mtn lion is hanging out in area.
Closed trauma tends to cause vascular injuries.
Closed treads are the most common and favorite way to design steps in homes today.
Closed tribunals hear challenges to trade-related national and local laws and regulations.
Closed units reflect the passing of title.
Closed vehicles retain very high levels of heat.
Closed vessels are vessels whose maximum circumference is located at any place but the rim.
Closed weekday lunchtimes.
Closed windows mute or seal off noise.
A closeout is a sale
Closeouts are money makers.
Closeouts are nice boats, brand new, every single one.
Closeouts are quality new items and come with full manufacturer warranties.
Closeouts are sales.
Closeouts continue in the forward and aft compartments.
Closer attention is paid to small details than can be lavished on an assembly line engine.
Closer cables have more effect.
Closer clearances guide the piston through the bore with less rocking.
Closer competition means more fan interest.
Closer contours are together, steeper terrain.
Closer Couples Waiting to have sex can actually make for better relationships.
Closer destinations take less time.
Closer details are still unknown.
Closer examination allows the species to be readily distinguished.
Closer examination reveals a fascinating variety of plants and animals.
Closer examination reveals a funnel-shaped corrugated iron sheet on the right of the footing.
Closer examination reveals a look that is more athletically toned, yet still elegant.
Closer examination reveals an allegorical subtext pitched at a spiritual level.
Closer examination reveals exquisite, silken patinas that live up to the inspired design.
Closer examination reveals individual ice and peat layers characteristic of a palsa.
Closer examination reveals insight of technical merit by the artist.
Closer examination reveals leaf scorch, vein-pattern necrosis, and lesion fleck symptoms.
Closer examination reveals much more.
Closer examination reveals mushy plant tissue and what appear to be white or brown mustard seeds.
Closer examination reveals round or river rock around the sides.
Closer examination reveals that by the time the crossovers occur-red the spot price had moved on.
Closer examination reveals that the 'flower' is actually a growth that exudes a sticky fluid.
Closer examination reveals that the inverse actually applies.
Closer examination reveals that the rose is actually a leaf that exudes a sappy fluid.
Closer examination reveals that trash is really a business card.
Closer examination reveals the belly colour or tail size to distinguish the two.
Closer examination reveals the claim is unsupported.
Closer examination reveals the importance of much more complex and dynamic structure.
Closer examination reveals the moral subtext beneath the sweaty sheets.
Closer examination reveals the right eye is imperfectly carved.
Closer examination reveals their communal family values as patriarchal authoritarianism.
Closer examination reveals, however, that the rooms are flooded with light and air.
Closer examination seems to indicate a face within the fog.
Closer examination shows further differences in their operating methods.
Closer examination shows more components.
Closer examination shows remains of an old fence around the area.
Closer examination shows that it resembles the stuff folks put on their driveways.
Closer examination shows that the proposal is downright bizarre.
Closer examination shows that they are missing key components.
Closer examination shows that to be unlikely.
Closer examination suggests the superpositon of of two separate wavetrains.
Closer inspection finds tiny translucent creatures, some as small as grains of rice.
Closer inspection highlights the winners and losers.
Closer inspection reveals a broken window and doused matches and cigarettes.
Closer inspection reveals a chart on the top of the box describing runtimes in a bit more detail.
Closer inspection reveals a complex microcosm of life.
Closer inspection reveals a crying boy an the far left.
Closer inspection reveals a deep and complex site that highlights the hall's collection.
Closer inspection reveals a few flaws.
Closer inspection reveals a performance wolf in very carefully thought out cruising clothing.
Closer inspection reveals a size similar to yesterday's fish.
Closer inspection reveals a sugary white sand and interesting snorkeling offshore.
Closer inspection reveals a very different picture, however.
Closer inspection reveals a white, powdery growth primarily on the upper surface of the leaves.
Closer inspection reveals attributes of considerable value for urban trees.
Closer inspection reveals city names, capitals, and highway systems.
Closer inspection reveals horrible per processor performance for their problem class.
Closer inspection reveals many hidden treasures.
Closer inspection reveals neglect.
Closer inspection reveals simpler fronds than other tree ferns.
Closer inspection reveals some differences, though.
Closer inspection reveals subtle differences between the independent experiments.
Closer inspection reveals that it is only the priest's knee.
Closer inspection reveals that shoes have spread to branches on adjacent trees, like sneaker kudzu.
Closer inspection reveals that the bed is situated in one corner of a single-room cabin.
Closer inspection reveals that yesterday's gum is today's new hair sculpting sensation.
Closer inspection reveals the intense nature of the work and the care it's been given.
Closer inspection reveals the melon to be a boat and the cocktail sticks, oars.
Closer inspection reveals they are on a sofa adorned with a white sheet.
Closer inspection reveals unique ecosystems with complex relationships.
Closer inspection reveals, however, that they are cultivated with great care.
Closer inspection shows a haze of background stars.
Closer inspection shows cephalisation, however, with multiple branches in the head region.
Closer inspection shows cracks in the cement joints and walls.
Closer inspection shows it to be made up of lots of individual stars .
Closer inspection shows otherwise.
Closer inspection shows that it remains a heavy-handed monopolist.
Closer inspection tells a different story, however.
Closer inspection transforms the repetition into nuanced patterns and rhythm.
Closer inspection unveils subtle modifications.
Closer intervals result in better control.
Closer investigation reveals that there are broken bottles of ketchup inside.
Closer investigation suggests two possible solutions to the problem.
Closer look shows something's changed, Eyes seem clouded, gray as lead.
Closer magnification reveals a flow within, a number of structures, organelles, being moved about.
Closer markers are less likely to separate.
Closer mounts hinge side, top jamb and parallel arm on either right or left swinging doors.
Closer mounts hinge side, top jamb, and parallel arm on either right or left swinging doors.
Closer objects appear larger than objects further away.
Closer objects are brighter and livelier.
Closer objects look bigger, so the sun appears slightly bigger in winter.
Closer observation indicates that the organism is unicellular and autotrophic.
Closer observation is necessary due to the increased risk of bleeding complications.
Closer observation reveals dark purple-blue feathering over most of the body.
Closer observation reveals that heated objects radiate photons over a wide range of wavelengths.
Closer observation reveals that the curse is actually the curse which comes because of disobedience.
Closer pairs depends on the flux from the two sources.
Closer placement is recommended on the tops of dunes and on steep slopes.
Closer plantings are possible but require a higher level of management.
Closer scrutiny is responsible for revealing a higher percentage of impaired waterways.
Closer scrutiny reveals that the key players remain on track for double-digit gains.
Closer scrutiny reveals the likely reason for the change of story to be a defence strategy.
Closer scrutiny suggests a twofold agenda.
Closer shots have a better chance of going in than long distance ones.
Closer shots mean fewer cripples and more dead birds.
Closer sounds are louder and drier.
Closer stars seem to move a greater distance against the starry backdrop.
Closer study shows it to be eventful and rich in artistic expression.
Closer supervision is available in special hostel accommodation.
Closer tolerances are available at additional cost.
Closer union is more to be desired than further separation.
Closer views are available from occasional lighthouse cruises out of Camden.
Closer views reveal a heavily cratered surface.
Closers are activities conducted near the end of a session.
Closers are magazines.
Closers are optional.
Closers are people.
Closers are play.
Closers are relievers.
Closers are television shows.
Closers blow saves.
Closers can dictate the mood of a game.
Closers have a crisis mindset.
Any closer makes the units ineffective.
Most closers have a solid run of maybe a quarter of a mile or maybe an eighth of a mile.
Closest airport is Birmingham, Alabama.
Closest airports are in Belgrade and Budapest.
Closest analogy is community dispute mediation followed by religious conflict mediation.
Closest approach is at inferior conjunction.
Closest approach is near the time the planet reaches opposition.
Closest distance depends on distance to the last click point.
Closest driver wins the fare, farthest fare loses the ride.
Closest estimate wins a prize.
Closest family sit on the first pew.
Closest friend farewells, moves, and is gone.
Closest friends are capable of break hearts.
Closest guess wins free online tarot card reading.
Closest language is, by far, Portuguese.
Closest line is approximate end of hull.
Closest match is the D sound.
Closest matches appear at the top.
Closest one gets a prize.
Closest one gets to close today.
Closest parking is at the second lot, it is right after the turn past the volleyball courts.
Closest parking is in the back parking area.
Closest point is PERIhelion.
Closest team is in California.
Closest toilets are at the restaurants in the commercial centre.
Closest translation is debt or obligation, but the concept entails much more.
Closet space is also important.
Closet space is ample.
Closet space is at a premium, but adequate for reasonable wardrobes.
Closet space is excellent and all prewar details are intact.
Closet space is generous.
Closet space is good and the furniture in each room is still in great shape.
Closet space is just adequate for two people on a one-week cruise in a standard cabin.
Closet space is limited, and a dresser is provided.
Closet space is limited, so pack conservatively.
Closet space is limited.
Closet space is more than ample.
Closet space is small.
Closet space is to die for.
A closet is storage space
Closet isa structure.
Closets abound, and outside, the house has a private garden area with table, chairs and sun chairs.
Closets are all cedar lined.
Closets are also a good choice since they normally have no windows.
Closets are an ideal environment for dust and other allergens to collect.
Closets are critical.
Closets are fine, damp garages are a no-no.
Closets are for clothes.
Closets are full of shopping bags bulging with presents yet to be wrapped.
Closets are gigantic.
Closets are good storage spaces.
Closets are in each bedroom and in the hallway near the bathroom.
Closets are large and there is plenty of storage.
Closets are located in apartments.
Closets are located in bedrooms.
Closets are located in coats.
Closets are located in hotels.
Closets are located in houses.
Closets are located in rooms.
Closets are located in schools.
Closets are made of wood.
Closets are particularly important.
Closets are rooms.
Closets are the most common request from their clients.
Closets are the worst offenders, usually consisting of one hanging rod and one shelf.
Closets are walk-in.
Closets are well-lighted.
Closets Be sure lights work and clothes are neatly hung.
Closets Be sure that closet lights are working.
Closets can also become damp due to reduced air circulation.
Closets contain an iron, ironing board and hair dryer.
Closets Give old clothes and furniture to charity.
Closets have (part) bases.
Closets have (part) sections.
Closets have ample room for storage.
Closets have areas.
Closets have stairs.
Closets Note the number of closets, their condition and depth.
Closets now overflow.
Closets pose a major challenge since they're often limited in number and size in small homes.
Closets require more discipline and a lot of reminders to the kids.
Closets slice into the pure geometry of the triangular floor plan.
Closets use long curtains that are the size of shower curtains.
Closets often have mold growth, especially if clothing is stored damp or dirty.
All closets are walk-in.
Every closet has food in it.
Every closet is lighted and built to meet the owners' needs.
Most closets come with a rod and one shelf with a lot of wasted space above and below.
Most closets contain one overhead shelf and one pole for hanging clothes.
Most closets have a shelf guide bar for the original shelf.
Most closets have areas.
Most closets have punchdowns, patchpanels and other passive hardware too.
Closeup photo shows embroidery detail.
Closeup shots are much more intimate and draw the viewer into the photo.
Many closeup views are accessible.
A closeup is a photograph
Closeups are pictures.
Closeups barely reach the stage.
Closeups Here are some closeups of some of the color chips on the poster.
Closeups require a small lens aperture for good depth of field and a tripod for a sharp image.
Closeups reveal the active site, with iron-containing heme group.
Closeups single out flowers and other distinctive features.
Closing arguments are an important part of most trials.
Closing arguments attack the opponent's case, highlighting the weaknesses in the opponent's case.
Closing arguments begin.
Closing arguments resume tomorrow.
Closing arguments use the entire panoply of technology.
Closing bracket is followed by a period.
Closing ceremonies are complete.
Closing ceremonies celebrate Alberta.
Closing ceremony is ceremony.
Closing ceremony Shake the hand of each officer while wishing each a successful administrative year.
Closing containers are closings.
Closing containers are human activities.
Closing cost are any fees paid by the buyer at the close of escrow.
Closing costs apply if loan is paid in full within first year.
Closing costs apply, call for more details.
Closing costs are a bunch of separate fees that both the buyer and seller pay at closing.
Closing costs are able to be gifted by a family member and part can be paid by a willing seller.
Closing costs are actual costs paid to others and are somewhat fixed.
Closing costs are always negotiable.
Closing costs are any fees associated with purchasing a home and getting a loan.
Closing costs are charges paid to different entities associated with the real estate buying process.
Closing costs are different from case to case.
Closing costs are low and there's no discount points.
Closing costs are minimal with streamlined processing and rapid turnaround.
Closing costs are minimal.
Closing costs are money paid by the borrower in connection with the closing of a mortgage loan.
Closing costs are the actual expenses that the lender incurs in the origination of a new home loan.
Closing costs are the charges and fees that are paid at closing.
Closing costs are the non-reoccurring costs associated with purchasing or refinancing real estate.
Closing costs are the same.
Closing costs are to be paid by borrower.
Closing costs are, generally, minimal and can often even be financed.
Closing costs can be as much as three to four percent of the loan amount.
Closing costs can be hefty, totaling thousands of dollars.
Closing costs can become very expensive.
Closing costs can come from a grant, a gift, an installment loan or the seller.
Closing costs can mount up to a sizable sum, but some of the items are tax deductible.
Closing costs can mount up to a sizeable sum, but some of the items are tax deductible.
Closing costs can vary signifigantly between lenders.
Closing costs consist primarily of what are known as third party fees.
Closing costs exclude Prince George's County transfer tax.
Closing costs have to be paid in cash.
Closing costs vary according to the timeshare purchased, and are generally paid by the buyer.
Closing costs vary by state.
Closing costs vary depending on lender, call for a complete quote.
Closing costs vary from area to area and also depend on how each individual contract is structured.
Closing costs vary from lender to lender and program to program.
Closing costs vary from loan to loan, sometimes the variance can be sizable.
Closing costs vary from one transaction to another and can often total in the thousands of dollars.
Closing costs vary from one transaction to another and often total in the thousands of dollars.
Closing costs vary from state to state.
Closing costs vary upon interest rate and type of loan.
Closing costs vary widely depending a variety of factors, including price and location.
Closing costs vary widely depending on price, location, and other factors.
Closing costs vary widely depending on the home s price tag, location and other factors.
Closing costs vary widely throughout Mississippi.
Any closing costs pertaining to the sale are the responsibility of the new buyer.
Most closing costs are subject to negotiation.
Closing credits are of the two singers performing the closing song against an animated background.
Closing doors are closing containers.
Closing doors are positioning.
A closing price is a price
Closing price is the day's last traded price of the company's shares of stock.
Closing prices are a guideline to market activity at the end of the trading day.
Closing prices are generally the last price during the day at which the stock was bought or sold.
Closing prices are monetary values.
Closing prices are prices.
Closing statements are ordinarily no longer than five minutes.
Closing statements are powerful presentations of the issues.
Closing statements are to be no more than three minutes per team.
Closing statements beg for uplift.
Closing statements come next, followed by the judge's instructions to the jury.
Closing statements summarize the transaction, adjustments and documents involved.
Closing statements summarize transactions, adjustments and documents involved.
Closing time coincides with the completion of the final cruise.
Closing time comes, and Scrooge shuffles home.
Closing time depends on the time of year, so call ahead.
Closing time is a hour
Closing time is hours.
Closing time is set at title company.
Closing time is slightly faster because of the cylinder volume occupied by the rod.
Closing time is when everything is sold, usually around noon.
Closing time occurs at the height of bar activity, when bars are at maximum capacity.
Closing time varies according to season.
Closing time varies according to the season.
Closing time varies depending on the season.
Closing time varies seasonally, please call ahead.
Closing time varies seasonally.
Closing time varies with season.
Closing time varies.
Closing times are normally the last appointment of the day.
Closing times are subject to performances.
Closing times change depending on the season.
Closing times seem to vary a lot depending on time of year.
Closing times vary according to the season, size of the crowd and length of the queues.
Closing times vary and are shown above.
Closing times vary and change each semester.
Closing times vary by season.
Closing times vary by seasons.
Closing times vary daily.
Closing times vary depending upon weather conditions and attendance.
Closing times vary each year.
Closing times vary from day to day.
Closing times vary from lake to lake.
Closing times vary seasonally.
Closing times vary throughout the week.
Closing times vary throughout the year, but can be found on display in the car park.
Closing times vary throughout the year.
Closing times vary with reservations.
Closing times vary with season.
Closing times vary with the season.
Closing times vary.
A closing is movement
Closing Ask for questions.
Closing Be sure to include, in some form, a request for an interview.
Closing becomes much easier when the first four steps are well executed.
Closing can be a new beginning or the beginning to an end.
Closing can mean a lot of things at different places in the sales process.
Closing can occur within thirty days afterward.
Closing can take place within a week.
Closing can then occur.
Closing can work, if it's planned in advance.
Closing costs The additional costs typically involved in purchasing a piece of real estate.
Closing ends with a review of the day's work and assignment of activities to do at home.
Closing ensures that the customer's request to change requirements was documented to conclusion.
Closing folders Open folders consume system resources.
Closing generates encumbrances to set aside funds.
Closing Get ready for home.
Closing gets rid of the window while hiding it just makes it invisible.
Closing Go in peace.
Closing has yet to occur.
Closing Help the group decide on next steps.
Closing includes the formal acceptance of the project and the ending thereof.
Closing involves several steps.
Closing is a big mental game.
Closing is a dilation followed by an erosion operation.
Closing is a great time for both buyer and seller.
Closing is a key part of the practice.
Closing is a major process in a real estate transaction.
Closing is a sign of success, but it usually comes after the real glory days have passed.
Closing is a skill that can be measured and fortunately is a skill that can be learned.
Closing is also the act of concluding a sale.
Closing is anticipated within the next few weeks.
Closing is apparently very fast- two weeks.
Closing is as much a skill as opening and probing and supporting.
Closing is at midnight during the summer.
Closing is contingent on the receipt of financing.
Closing is ecologically sound.
Closing is final, welcome step of property transaction .
Closing is from a permit status only.
Closing is normally quick, but can take as long as thirty days on large projects.
Closing is only one segment of the sales process and in most cases, one of the shortest segments.
Closing is scheduled to take place during the first quarter.
Closing is something that Balfour s done well in the past.
Closing is subject to certain regulatory and other approvals.
Closing is subject to customary regulatory reviews and the approval of both companies' shareholders.
Closing is subject to due diligence and regulatory approval.
Closing is targeted to take place before the end of the third quarter.
Closing is the act of transferring ownership of a property from the seller to the buyer.
Closing Is the act of transferring ownership of a property from the seller to the buyer.
Closing is the finalizing of the transaction.
Closing is the natural result of making an offer and getting an acceptance.
Closing is the practice of bringing a conclusion to an activity or discussion.
Closing is to be announced.
Closing is together.
Closing is two hours away, and business is light.
Closing is what counts.
Closing is when the buyer officially owns the home, possession is when the buyer moves in.
Closing is when the ownership of the property is transferred.
Closing meaning no further action is necessary.
Closing Note Commercial information organizations are many and varied.
Closing occurs when construction is complete.
Closing produces the same box over and over again.
Closing refers to the unit's removal from the website.
Closing Remarks a .
Closing represents the transfer of title or ownership of the property from the seller to the buyer.
Closing Restate the topic in a creative way, leaving the reader satisfied.
Closing starts at the beginning.
Closing Stay awhile and enjoy the worship center.
Closing Watch the interviewer s body language for clues that it is time to end the interview.
Closing's a tough spot for anybody.
Closings are approachs.
Closings are events.
Closings are stressful enough without having last minute funding problems.
Closings can be highly complex, detailed affairs.
Closings lead to calls for more accountability and oversight.
Closings occur at different places in different states.
Closings Secure a local inspection company with a reliable reputation.
Closings typically take place within two weeks.
Closing usually occurs between nine months and a year after the initial contract is signed.
All closings are subject to weather conditions and last minute construction requirements.
All closings are subject to weather conditions and last-minute construction requirements.
Every closing has hundreds of questions.
More closings are just months away.
Most closings are due to contamination from untreated or partially treated sewage.
A clostridia is a bacteria
Clostridia also infect wounds.
Clostridia are a group of bacteria that includes the organisms that cause tetanus and enterotoxemia.
Clostridia are organisms that thrive under moist conditions and degrade sugars and proteins.
Clostridia are spore-forming obligate anaerobes .
Clostridia can cause acute, often fatal scour in young piglets.
Some Clostridia are opportunistic pathogens.
Clostridial diseases inflict heavy losses among livestock in Alberta every year.
Most clostridial organisms can also occur quite naturally in the gut of healthy animals.
Clostridial vaccines are very effective, especially when administered at frequent intervals.
Clostridia are able to ferment a wide variety of organic compounds.
Clostridia are obligate anaerobic rods that form endospores and produce powerful exotoxins.
Clostridia belong to the avant-garde of biotechnologically important microbes.
Clostridiums are anaerobic bacteriums.
Clostridiums are bacteriums.
Clostridiums are species.
Closure Conflict Refers to the various pulls that a U researcher feels re.
Closure errors indicate that some or all of the survey measurements within a loop have errors.
Closure options can make or break a boot's fit.
Closure orders remain in effect.
Closure quality seems to vary with the region.
Closure tab is gone.
Closure time is minimized, since bone and skin incisions are smaller.
A closure is an approach
Closure Allow fifteen minutes for individual student questions.
Closure also diminishes the color of the specimen.
Closure also minimizes the potential for human contamination of the drinking water.
Closure Ask students what one new thing that they learned.
Closure Ask students what they learned from today's lesson.
Closure Ask students what they learned today.
Closure Ask the children what they have learned today.
Closure Ask the students to give some characteristics of different communities.
Closure based funding is detrimental to the long term disabled.
Closure be no broader than necessary.
Closure becomes thoughtlessness, anesthesia, the shutdown of a necessary struggle.
Closure Bring the class together on the floor with their organized data and conclusions.
Closure can also be very ambiguous as well.
Closure can only come through acceptance and, yes, forgiveness.
Closure can take the form of performances or learning station closures.
Closure Come back together as whole group.
Closure comes every time.
Closure Coming off a Spiritual Retreat is a lot like returning from a long flight.
Closure deals with getting into position to attack successfully.
Closure Discuss the definition of pattern and how folding the paper is a pattern.
Closure Discuss the experiment hypotheses, results, and conclusions.
Closure Discuss the importance of wetlands to ducks, other animals, and humans.
Closure Discuss the students findings from the centers.
Closure divide students into groups to share their completed timelines with their peers.
Closure eliminates the risk of future, potentially costly releases.
Closure generally entails preparation of a plan for approval by the agency.
Closure Go over sheet as a group.
Closure Have students find words on word sort.
Closure Have students return to seats and talk about the plane flight.
Closure Have students turn in completed worksheets, clipboards and pencils.
Closure Have the students glue the parts of the newly created bodies on the construction paper.
Closure Have the students make a simple puzzle of their own, using the solution first method.
Closure Helps slow the escape of heat from the top.
Closure indicates final disposition to approve or deny the tariff.
Closure Insist that students use their information of polite behavior while exiting the classroom.
Closure involves summarizing the main points of the lesson or part of a lesson.
Closure is a beautiful thing.
Closure is a commencement of life in light of the lesson.
Closure is a fairly important principle in algebra.
Closure is a good thing.
Closure is a loving gift.
Closure is a natural part of a wine's adolescence.
Closure is a neat, final, well- defined solution to a problem.
Closure is a user-defined function.
Closure is a valuable part of a session.
Closure is about putting things right.
Closure is an ideal of forgetfulness.
Closure is an illusion, albeit a necessary one for texts.
Closure is anticipated within one week.
Closure is available in both hook and loop fasteners and double buckle.
Closure is black fabric with a buckle.
Closure is by double leather drawstrings.
Closure is by hooks and eyes fastening the underlay of beige and design work along the front.
Closure is closure, and now it's time to get back to business.
Closure is essential for a mobile society, just as divorce is.
Closure is essential in all things.
Closure is established, and the case is closed.
Closure is final or at least it seems that way.
Closure is forthcoming.
Closure is generally with four stainless steel screws that are outside the O-ring seal.
Closure is hopefully near.
Closure is important to retention of information and concepts.
Closure is important.
Closure is in order.
Closure is in the center front.
Closure is in the front and closes like a belt.
Closure is incomplete during the phonation cycle.
Closure is just the beginning of a long road to recovery.
Closure is kind of sad.
Closure is like looking back upon the trail so that one knows which way one has come.
Closure is necessary for road maintenance.
Closure is necessary for speech, blowing, and swallowing.
Closure is needed by all hospital personnel.
Closure is now the primary measure of occupational control employed by Israel.
Closure is obtained with students sharing their ecodome creations.
Closure is often the toughest part of a presentation.
Closure is on the inside of the foot with a zipper and leather velcro-close flap over the zipper.
Closure is on the outside with a velcro-close buckle at the instep and a large flap up top.
Closure is our tendency to fill in missing information.
Closure is overrated anyway.
Closure is politically difficult.
Closure is signalled by hoisting a red ball on the flagstaff near the prominent clock tower.
Closure is the final step in any segment or cycle of communication.
Closure is the payoff for efforts expended.
Closure is the process of assembly, editing and gap closure.
Closure is to install storm water improvements.
Closure is up the back with hooks and eyes.
Closure is used extensively in art.
Closure is very expensive.
Closure is with an interior hook and an outer snap at the rim.
Closure is with straps and buckles.
Closure makes space for newness.
Closure means that every interaction ends with a promise that includes time.
Closure needs to be given to the thousands of individuals currently tied up in the appeals system.
Closure needs to come quickly.
Closure occurs as each case is evaluated for the different circumstances.
Closure occurs when there is contact between seal material and underlying sediment.
Closure promises to be easier and less painful than previous treatments.
Closure reduces tension.
Closure refers to the tendency to complete a figure, so that it has a consistent overall form.
Closure refocuses students' attention on the objective.
Closure remains only an exception to the mandatory postulate of open trials.
Closure remains possible once justice has been done.
Closure requires a measure of certainty.
Closure Review the concepts of communication technology and the systems module.
Closure Review the steps taken to make the presentation.
Closure seems to be plated.
Closure snaps down tightly with a positive snap when re-applied.
Closure Use the following questions to review the key points of the lesson.
Closure works great.
Closure wraps up, reviews, shares the learning of the lesson.
Closures are albums.
Closures are certain vote losers.
Closures are corrosion resistant stainless steel.
Closures are definitely cool.
Closures are difficult to implement efficiently when nested functions can escape.
Closures are for bridge deck repair.
Closures are important because they let a function capture and retain lexical bindings.
Closures are likely to be longer.
Closures are necessary to protect the forest resources and also to provide for public safety.
Closures are no problem.
Closures are order.
Closures are ribbon, bone and shell.
Closures are subject to change.
Closures are terminations.
Closures are the central type.
Closures are zip or metal lock.
Closures arrive ready to place directly into autoclaves.
Closures bring times of celebrations too.
Closures can be nonreclosable for single use or reclosable for multiple uses.
Closures can last for anything from five hours to two weeks.
Closures consists of a liner ultrasonically welded into a polypropylene cap.
Closures keep the state of their bound variables over several invocations .
Closures keep the state of their bound variables over several invocations.
Closures prevent the delivery of medical supplies.
Closures remain in effect.
Closures remain the same as previously noted.
Closures serve to prevent erosion and user conflicts.
Closures shows some of the different style of closures used to seal the contents of antique bottles.
Closures use a one-hand technique for removal.
Closures vary, buttons and loops, ribbons and bows, or other vintage findings.
Closure Always ask for feedback or questions.
All closures are for nesting Peregrines.
All closures are in effect until further notice.
All closures are subject to change.
All closures are tentative and subject to change as work and weather permit.
All closures are weather dependent.
Many closures now come with built-in air valves for performing flash testing.
Most closures are due to flooding and mud and rock slides.
Some closures do occur and are posted at the park.
Clot formation is, in fact, the chief risk associated with artificial heart valves.
A clot is a chunk
Clot is compacted and the ruptured edges of the blood vessel drawn closer.
Clot is really dominant.
Clot is removed by expansion of the catheter.
Clots are a common problem with the grafts.
Clots are a major problem for critically ill patients.
Clots are balls.
Clots are little ball-looking groups that store blood.
Clots are more likely to form where atherosclerosis has made an artery more narrow.
Clots are more likely to occur in people who are older or overweight.
Clots block the flow of blood to the brain or inside the brain in both types.
Clots can also block arteries to limbs or internal organs resulting in devastating consequences.
Clots can also form in veins of the legs.
Clots can also form on the damaged heart muscle and become dislodged and cause a stroke.
Clots can be blood or plaque that has built up in the arteries.
Clots can become life threatening when they break off and travel to the lung.
Clots can block blood flow, causing a heart attack or stroke.
Clots can break off and block crucial arteries, risking death.
Clots can cause a stroke, heart attack, or pulmonary embolus, any of which can be fatal.
Clots can develop anywhere in the the body, and can involve the organs.
Clots can develop in any vein, break loose, and go to the lungs.
Clots can form around deposits sticking out from the arterial wall.
Clots can form at various points in the leg, causing varying degrees of discomfort.
Clots can form in the legs, sometimes breaking off and going to the lung.
Clots can form on catheter tips.
Clots can form on the vein side and cause swelling and even death if the clots get to the heart.
Clots can form while riding in a car or sitting at a desk.
Clots can stay where they form or travel to a different location.
Clots catch more easily . . .
Clots cause most strokes, but some are caused by ruptures.
Clots entering the aorta can enter the coronary or cerebral circulation.
Clots fill the placenta.
Clots following a fractured leg or immobilization of the leg for any reason are relatively common.
Clots form at the site of the disrupted plaque and a blockage of a coronary artery can occur.
Clots form at the site of the narrowing, and they eventually block the artery completely.
Clots form early leading to heart attack or stroke.
Clots form when blood platelets encounter an injury.
Clots inhibit blood flow and thus cause heart attacks or strokes.
Clots limit the flow of blood and can cause pain or coldness in an arm or leg.
Clots occur when circulation slows, usually when people stay still for too long.
Clots tend to break into pieces.
Clots often form in the lungs in patients bedridden after surgery, or for other medical reasons.
Some clots can be extremely dangerous.
Cloth diapers allow for more air circulation to infected or irritated skin.
Cloth diapers are a challenge and a commitment.
Cloth diapers are as easy as disposables to put on and remove.
Cloth diapers are better for baby, and better for baby's world.
Cloth diapers are cheaper in the long run, and they score higher with the ecologically minded.
Cloth diapers are environmentally safe and economical.
Cloth diapers are fine, also.
Cloth diapers are less expensive, non-polluting and every bit as easy to use.
Cloth diapers are very natural.
Cloth diapers clean easier if they are soaked in water until ready for wash.
Cloth diapers do.
Cloth diapers smell less.
Cloth laboratory coats provide protection.
Cloth luggage is really quite durable, comes in several varying sizes, and is feather light.
Cloth of gold goes back to biblical times.
Cloth of gold is a metal thread that is woven on a linen wrap.
Cloth production is labor intensive while train production is capital intensive.
Cloth applies water displacing bonding crystal barrier.
Cloth backstrip and paper-covered boards.
Cloth backstrip and tips.
Cloth backstrip to paper boards.
Cloth comes in various widths and are chosen to yield as little waste as possible.
Cloth cover comes with each form.
Cloth cover slightly soiled.
Cloth cover with foil stamp on front cover or spine.
Cloth cover with gold tooling.
Cloth cover with mild dusting.
Cloth cover, in cloth-covered cardboard box.
Cloth covers table, money on table.
Cloth covers the spirals.
Cloth covers with gold stamped title on front.
Cloth covers, slightly soiled.
Cloth doll on swing and being taken out from the left side.
Cloth edges very faintly sunned.
Cloth gives more insulation than plastic.
Cloth gloves with long sleeved shirt.
Cloth has (part) hems.
Cloth has (part) sections.
Cloth helmets in fully washable cotton.
Cloth holds moisture on the surface and provides even shade for emerging seedlings.
Cloth is an artifact
Cloth is located in bathrooms.
Cloth is located in bedrooms.
Cloth is located in bolts.
Cloth is located in closets.
Cloth is located in clothing stores.
Cloth is located in kitchens.
Cloth is located in stores.
Cloth is located in tables.
Cloth is made of fiber.
Cloth is mixture.
Cloth is more expensive.
Cloth is reusable.
Cloth is textiles.
Cloth is used for bedding.
Cloth is used for cleaning.
Cloth is used for cleans.
Cloth is used for clothes.
Cloth is used for clothing.
Cloth is used for covering.
Cloth is used for dustings.
Cloth is used for patchs.
Cloth is used for polish.
Cloth is used for washing dishs.
Cloth is used for washings.
Cloth is used for wipings.
Cloth is washed in boil water.
Cloth is washed in water.
Cloth isa artifact.
Cloth napkins for table.
Cloth napkins instead of paper napkins.
Cloth napkins instead of paper ones.
Cloth patches for cleaning sticky sax pads.
Cloth rank badges and all leather equipment, boots, belts scabbards, et cetera are black.
Cloth roll towels and electric hand dryers provide a paperless form of hand drying and reduce waste.
Cloth sails with reefing ties.
Cloth shutter for quieter operation.
Cloth spine and patterned paper-covered boards.
Cloth spine slightly soiled else a near fine copy in lightly worn, very good slipcase.
Cloth spine with marbled boards.
Cloth spine with marbled paper-covered boards .
Cloth spine with paper covered boards.
Cloth spine with paper-covered boards, a bit warped.
Cloth spine with paper-covered boards.
Cloth spine with stiff boards.
Cloth spine with wraps.
Cloth spine, decorative paper-covered boards.
Cloth spine, paper covered boards.
Cloth spine, paper-covered boards.
Cloth stand - for drying clothes in less space.
Cloth stretches more along the bias than in the directions parallel to the woven threads.
Cloth takes many forms, and serves many purposes.
Cloth trim on the door panels looks cheap, like worn trousers with a shiny seat.
Cloth wear to spine extremities, corners and rubbed, no dust wrapper, otherwise a good copy.
Cloth weaves from fibre.
Cloth weaves from nettle fibre.
Cloth wipes Wet- Changing a wet cloth diaper is just the same as changing a disposable diaper.
Cloth works fine.
Cloth woven of laminated monofilament can provide that protection.
Cloths cover all the paintings.
All cloth comes from abroad.
All cloths are white in color.
Any cloth is woven from a yarn or fibre.
Most cloth is washed in boil water.
Most cloth is washed in water.
Some cloth has drawbacks.
Some cloth has numerous drawbacks.
Some cloth holds dust.
Some cloth is covered by cloth.
Some cloth is covered by dry cloth.
Some cloth is made of cotton.
Some cloth is used by officers.
Some cloth provides ventilation.
Some cloth soaks in water.
Some cloths even tell a story.
Clothe moth larvae have ability.
Clothe moths go through distinct periods.
Clothe moths go through periods.
Most clothe moths go through distinct periods.
Most clothe moths go through periods.
Some clothe moths feed on fibre.
Some clothe moths feed on natural fibre.
A clothes dryer is a drier
Clothes dryers are an almost unheard of luxury.
Clothes dryers are boxs.
Clothes dryers are dryers.
Clothes dryers are household appliances.
Clothes dryers are located in garages.
Clothes dryers are other big energy users.
Clothes dryers are very large energy users.
Clothes dryers cost less to operate than do comparable electric models.
Most clothes dryers work the exact same way.
A clothes hanger is a hanger
Clothes hangers work very well for drying.
Clothes lines are available in some areas.
Clothes lines are available throughout camp to hang wet towels and swim suits.
A clothes moth is a moth
Clothes moths are a solid, subdued color.
Clothes moths are more likely to be a problem in the south.
Clothes moths are nocturnal and prefer to avoid lighted areas.
Clothes moths are well-known fabric pests in the home.
Clothes moths can do serious damage to small or large wool rugs.
Clothes moths can eat clothes, rugs, wall hangings, etc.
Clothes moths can feed on mixtures of natural and synthetic fabrics.
Clothes moths go through four distinct lifecycle periods with significant change at each stage.
A clothes peg is a fixing
Clothes pegs are the better choice to fix saucer top and bottom parts.
A clothes pin is a fixing
Clothes pins are a guitar makers best friend.
Clothes pins make great small clamps for crafting.
Some clothes stores are like a way of life.
Clothes washers are located in garages.
Clothes washers have a significant impact on sewer costs.
Clothes washers use energy to both clean clothes and heat water.
Clothes has (part) sections.
Clothes isa artifact.
Clothes isa commodity.
Clothes isa goods.
Clothesline poles can be suitable if the box is located away from or above flapping clothes.
A clothesline is cord
Clothesline Comes in kitset form and is easy to erect.
Clothesline isa cord.
Clotheslines adorn almost every house, every day of the week.
Clotheslines are another popular drying rack for ears of corn and strips of jerky.
Clotheslines are cord.
Clotheslines are desirable.
Clotheslines have (part) sections.
A clothespin is a fixing
Clothespins are a necessity.
Clothespins are also useful.
Clothespins are fasteners.
Clothespins are great for developing fine motor skills.
Clothespins are one of the most valuable young apple tree training tools.
A clothier is a merchant
Clothier is a junior.
Some clothiers fuse the front of the jacket and use canvas in the chest area.
Clothing designs using fabric on the bias are attractive and drape well.
Clothing designers do it all the time.
Clothing industry is one of Lebanon major exportation industries.
Clothing industry is the largest export earner of foreign exchange.
Clothing insulation is the thermal insulation provided by clothing .
Clothing materials vary in their abilities to resist penetration and permeation of pesticides.
Clothing materials vary in their ability to resist penetration and permeation of pesticides.
Clothing moths feed on protein materials such as wool and feathers.
Clothing production is a major portion of many nations' economies.
Clothing production is also a major portion of many nations' economies.
Clothing retailers are the most profitable e-tail category, says the study.
Clothing retailers roll out custom online mannequins and full-body scans.
A clothing store is a store
Clothing store provides essentials for low-income families, unemployed, elderly people.
Clothing stores are located in shopping malls.
Clothing stores are located in strip malls.
Clothing stores are retail stores.
Clothing stores are shops.
Clothing stores are used for shopping.
Clothing stores do the same thing.
Clothing stores go up.
Some clothing stores have a time limit on returns.
A clothing is a covering
Clothing adorns our body and fashion is a pleasurable experience.
Clothing allows freedom of movement is best.
Clothing also affects the heat stress.
Clothing also affords protection from the elements.
Clothing also can produce a static charge that affects electrode response.
Clothing also consists of aids for assistance in therapy and rehabilitation.
Clothing also has the use to remind people of their loyalties and obligations.
Clothing also is available for big and tall men and women on the job.
Clothing also presents no difficulty.
Clothing also provides protection from ultraviolet radiation .
Clothing also seems to be an item.
Clothing also shapes the rave culture.
Clothing also starts top to bottom, hat, shirt, coat, pants, shoes.
Clothing also tends to be informal.
Clothing appears to be stained or torn or bloody.
Clothing are covering.
Clothing are located in backpacks.
Clothing are located in closets.
Clothing are located in clotheslines.
Clothing are located in department stores.
Clothing are located in drawers.
Clothing are located in floors.
Clothing are located in hampers.
Clothing are located in houses.
Clothing are located in malls.
Clothing are located in people.
Clothing are located in shops.
Clothing are located in stores.
Clothing are located in suitcases.
Clothing are located in trunks.
Clothing are located in washing machines.
Clothing are red.
Clothing are used for advertises.
Clothing attracts cat hair in direct proportion to how dark it is.
Clothing blocks the aura.
Clothing braves elements in back country and on the street.
Clothing Bring a change of clothes and a towel.
Clothing Bring clothes for the tropics.
Clothing Bring enough clothing to last a week without doing laundry.
Clothing can also be a problem if it becomes tightly wound around the baby.
Clothing can also help prevent skin cancer, another health concern of farms.
Clothing can also include knitted or crocheted clothing and accessories.
Clothing can also interfere with the heat releasing effects of sweating.
Clothing can also make or break a persons rating.
Clothing can and has in history been made from a very wide variety of materials.
Clothing can be a good buy.
Clothing can be an effective sunblock, especially if it is tightly woven.
Clothing can be any type of apparel such as a nightgown, sportswear, formal attire.
Clothing can be custom-made in less than one day with a couple of fittings.
Clothing can be very practical for the reasons noted above.
Clothing can become wet from the inside as well as from the outside.
Clothing can burn rapidly and cause severe burns.
Clothing can carry the poisonous oil for years.
Clothing can contribute to a sense of pride and professionalism in the students' workplace.
Clothing can enhance or limit independence and productivity.
Clothing can help to reduce the effects of wind.
Clothing can make the difference between being caught in a pinch or wrap point and being safe.
Clothing can often show signs of an affair.
Clothing can only do so much and can collect grease when stuffed around bits carelessly.
Clothing can require a range of seasonal storage solutions.
Clothing can reveal a philosophy, a lifestyle, a mood.
Clothing can rise to a level of protected speech.
Clothing can spread unwanted bacteria to seafoods.
Clothing can tell a lot about a person.
Clothing can wrap around the coral and smother it by cutting out light and water circulation.
Clothing carries the smell of smoke very clearly for quite some time.
Clothing Check out all the second hand clothing stores eg.
Clothing Check the temperature chart and the weather maps carefully.
Clothing collects dust, too.
Clothing comes completely off right down to the mouse s huggable, soft body.
Clothing comes in both adult and youth sizes.
Clothing comes in many styles.
Clothing consists of double thickness cap, cotton shirt, and diaper.
Clothing consists of head to toe camo.
Clothing constitutes the chief export item of the manufacturing sector.
Clothing creates air space that absorbs body heat.
Clothing definitely fits different for women, in terms of the waist height and things like that.
Clothing depends on place and time, however, it is recommended to have both light and warm clothing.
Clothing depends on the time of the year and what sort of activity the person is doing.
Clothing designed for pregnant women works better for many women due to the cut.
Clothing expresses cultural identity and clashes as well as hides identity.
Clothing feels coarser and colors look duller.
Clothing Find out where to find the latest fashion trend.
Clothing fits snugly.
Clothing has (part) sections.
Clothing has a similar effect.
Clothing has a white background.
Clothing has different meanings in different cultures.
Clothing has no influence on the score.
Clothing has nothing to do with individuality.
Clothing has to endure long work days without becoming crumpled and shabby.
Clothing has variable protection.
Clothing helps protect against infection and prevents fluid loss.
Clothing helps ration sweat by slowing evaporation and prolonging the cooling effect.
Clothing helps to prevent heat loss - hence keep clothes on if able.
Clothing here does send a message.
Clothing Here is a guideline when thinking of what to pack.
Clothing hides the natural diversity of human body shapes and sizes.
Clothing includes a leopard print dress, plastic high heel shoes and torn stockings.
Clothing includes fringed, soft leather pants and a buffalo horn headdress.
Clothing includes hemp jeans, socks, shirts and printed t-shirts with contemporary designs.
Clothing includes sleeveless tops, short sleeved tops, bottoms and fleece.
Clothing includes tee-shirts, polo shirts, baseball caps among other items.
Clothing Includes uniforms for athletics, cheerleaders, band and public safety officers.
Clothing includes womens casual wear, to business apparel, and social apparel.
Clothing is a basic necessity.
Clothing is a bit of history that is often overlooked.
Clothing is a difficult area at the moment.
Clothing is a direct indication of wealth.
Clothing is a frequent topic at lunch and in casual conversation among the men as well as the women.
Clothing is a function of the interior life in ways beyond what art is.
Clothing is a great gift, if the article of clothing is chosen properly.
Clothing is a great signifier.
Clothing is a little dirty.
Clothing is a luxury.
Clothing is a matter of personal preference.
Clothing is a phenomenally big business.
Clothing is a reflection of personality.
Clothing is a reminder of sin.
Clothing is a school-provided uniform, which is washed in the campus laundry at the end of the day.
Clothing is a sound investment.
Clothing is a strange human habit.
Clothing is a symbol of man's higher nature.
Clothing is a ubiquitous part of our lives.
Clothing is a vast world, and encloses many types.
Clothing is a veil which separates mankind from the world of the beast.
Clothing is a whole issue in itself.
Clothing is accepted in any condition.
Clothing is addiction, pollution and disease.
Clothing is again the most affected product.
Clothing is also an important marker of cultural distinctiveness and class position.
Clothing is also an old form of body protection.
Clothing is also deeply personal.
Clothing is also important.
Clothing is also one of the easiest expenses to spread out during the school year.
Clothing is also outstanding.
Clothing is also popular.
Clothing is also scarce.
Clothing is also vulnerable to silver-nitrate staining.
Clothing is always a good defense.
Clothing is always fun.
Clothing is always optional.
Clothing is an essential element for all types of travelers.
Clothing is an extravagance that can easily be avoided.
Clothing is an ideal medium in which to implant mobile bio-environments.
Clothing is an important artifact.
Clothing is an important part of all our programs and being properly prepared is essential.
Clothing is an important part of our winter programs and being properly prepared is essential.
Clothing is an obvious habitat for biological micro-machines.
Clothing is an option.
Clothing is another area in which most people can save.
Clothing is another ongoing problem for the Le Refuge home.
Clothing is another potential problem area.
Clothing is another potential trouble spot.
Clothing is another sometimes unexpected expense.
Clothing is another thing that is hard for women.
Clothing is available at all our rental outfitters.
Clothing is available during concession stand hours, and is also available by appointment.
Clothing is available for women, men, boys and girls.
Clothing is available free of charge with a referral and to others for a small charge.
Clothing is available from any of our three thrift stores.
Clothing is available in business, casual and formal styles.
Clothing is available pre-logoed or with custom corporate or tournament logos.
Clothing is available separately by special order.
Clothing is available without charge to both single and married students.
Clothing is casual and colorful.
Clothing is casual and comfortable in Hawaii.
Clothing is casual, but cleanliness is important.
Clothing is casual.
Clothing is changed when overtly contaminated.
Clothing is cheap in India.
Clothing is checked for body odour and even dust.
Clothing is cleaned and dried in the same machine.
Clothing is clustered in minicollections throughout the sprawling space.
Clothing is collected and distributed to the needy families as it is available.
Clothing is collected for newborns to children age six.
Clothing is colorful and suited to life in high altitudes.
Clothing is comfortable and casual.
Clothing is connected to agriculture.
Clothing is considered to be dutiable.
Clothing is coordinated for mixing or matching pairs.
Clothing is created to the degree of authenticity specified by the client.
Clothing is critical.
Clothing is custom designed with input from nurses and parents.
Clothing is custom made after an order is received.
Clothing is definatly optional.
Clothing is defined as articles designed for everyday wear.
Clothing is described in great detail, with up to an entire page for a significant ritual outfit.
Clothing is designed and marketed for women who possess the tall, lean figure of a runway model.
Clothing is different, there is TV now, airplanes, sliced bread, and all that good stuff.
Clothing is different.
Clothing is distributed daily, especially during the winter.
Clothing is distributed to needy people in the community on a referral basis.
Clothing is diverse, permanent, and easy to brand.
Clothing is donated by concerned citizens throughout the county.
Clothing is donated by the general public who has been giving generously and continuously.
Clothing is dry cleaned and pressed.
Clothing is especially cheap.
Clothing is expensive.
Clothing is explained in technical terms for discerning pros.
Clothing is extremely informal.
Clothing is far more than just a means to protect our bodies .
Clothing is far more than just a means to protect our bodies.
Clothing is for sale in the bazaars and shops.
Clothing is gathered through corporate and individual donations.
Clothing is generally a dress casual for the day time events.
Clothing is generally very informal.
Clothing is high on the list of proper gear for the alpine enthusiast.
Clothing is important in the Bible.
Clothing is important.
Clothing is in serious short supply among IDPs, especially children.
Clothing is inappropriate when it is sleeveless, revealing, or form fitting.
Clothing is inappropriate when it is sleeveless, revealing, strapless, backless, or form fitting.
Clothing is informal for all occasions.
Clothing is issued to personnel attending initial active duty for training.
Clothing is just fabric lying flat until someone puts it on the body.
Clothing is left in a collection box in each wing at the school.
Clothing is less expensive in the U.S. than overseas, especially Japan.
Clothing is light multi colored jumper with matching cap.
Clothing is listed separately.
Clothing is loose, voluminous, and light in weight.
Clothing is made for all occasions from sports wear to wedding dresses.
Clothing is made from many materials , such as cotton , wool , or polyester fabrics and leather .
Clothing is made from many materials, such as cotton, wool, or polyester fabrics and leather.
Clothing is made from plant fibers.
Clothing is made from reused clothing as well as from recycled plastics.
Clothing is made from scraps and other recycled or donated fabrics.
Clothing is made to be fashionable in a season.
Clothing is manufactured, and meat and bone meal are processed in the city.
Clothing is more comfortable.
Clothing is more likely to catch if there is a little mud or dried manure, or a nick on the shaft.
Clothing is mostly blue jeans, boots and a hat.
Clothing is much more eudaemonic, and is thus a more natural place to put such an apparatus.
Clothing is much more than a covering for the body.
Clothing is much more than fashion.
Clothing is much more than mere fabrics.
Clothing is new and handmade.
Clothing is no different.
Clothing is no exception.
Clothing is no guarantee of sun protection.
Clothing is no longer a penalty.
Clothing is now available with sunscreening protection.
Clothing is nudity in a more subtle degree.
Clothing is obviously tropical fashion, from light cotton dresses to walking shorts.
Clothing is often all black.
Clothing is often of poor quality and ill suited for protection against cold, rain, and wind.
Clothing is one category of material expression of culture.
Clothing is one of the external things about a character.
Clothing is one of the primary causes of skin irritation.
Clothing is one way where the difference and separateness between the two ethnic groups is apparent.
Clothing is opitional at both.
Clothing is optional anywhere within the property.
Clothing is optional at night.
Clothing is optional at the discretion of the group.
Clothing is optional at their inn.
Clothing is optional everywhere as well.
Clothing is optional, however, throughout the entire complex.
Clothing is optional.
Clothing is particularly acute.
Clothing is perhaps the most visible expression of that survival.
Clothing is provided for men, women and children.
Clothing is provided.
Clothing is put on for all to see . . .
Clothing is rare and there's an open massage table for anyone to pamper their pal.
Clothing is required, but beyond that it's a personal thing.
Clothing is researched for historical accuracy.
Clothing is scattered untidily on the floor and thrown over a roughly made bench.
Clothing is sent to the dry cleaners after each wearing.
Clothing is separate by size and gender.
Clothing is separately available for a small fee.
Clothing is shown and described, from royal gowns to legal costumes to working class.
Clothing is significantly cheaper duty-free, so don t go shopping without ticket and passport.
Clothing is six pieces.
Clothing is slightly dirty.
Clothing is so much a matter of taste that it is hard to give weights.
Clothing is so visible and it is often one of the first things that change.
Clothing is social.
Clothing is soft, light and breathes.
Clothing is sold by the pound, so are the books and household items.
Clothing is sold for a dollar a pound and everything else is at bargain prices.
Clothing is sold for a dollar a pound.
Clothing is sold there now.
Clothing is sorted by trends of about a decade or so, each, with some overlap.
Clothing is subject to a lot of wear and tear at the picnic.
Clothing is subject to availability of fabric.
Clothing is such a closed-down area.
Clothing is tax exempt.
Clothing is that which can hide or conceal dangerous objects.
Clothing is the badge of society's gender distinctions.
Clothing is the first line of shelter protection, have the right clothes for the right environment.
Clothing is the key to survival.
Clothing is the main way people communicate their status.
Clothing is the most convenient and jewelry always brings a smile.
Clothing is the most prominent example.
Clothing is the same as in the jungle .
Clothing is the same thing.
Clothing is the ultimate sign of who is submissive and who is powerful in our culture.
Clothing is to be a complete garb.
Clothing is to be a complete outfit.
Clothing is to be dark, solid colors for tryouts.
Clothing is to be modest in fabric, fit, length, style, and appropriate for the occasion.
Clothing is to be white T-shirts and dark shorts.
Clothing is understated.
Clothing is unnatural.
Clothing is unnecessary.
Clothing is used to signify one's place in society.
Clothing is usually homemade.
Clothing is versatile and based on robes made of rectangles of fabric.
Clothing is very important for everyone, including animals like the spotted owl.
Clothing is very popular.
Clothing is viewed as a mediating factor in the American experience.
Clothing is wearable technology, yet is taken for granted.
Clothing is well priced, and customers are told if a piece is damaged.
Clothing is well-described.
Clothing is, therefore, light and relatively informal out of necessity.
Clothing isa artifact.
Clothing isa commodity.
Clothing isa goods.
Clothing lies on the floor.
Clothing made of cotton is both cool and protective.
Clothing made of plant and animal materials is a classic indulgence.
Clothing made of wool is best, or synthetic fibres that have insulating properties similar to wool.
Clothing makes a difference.
Clothing makes a man.
Clothing makes a statement about our character.
Clothing makes the beast.
Clothing makes the man, customarily speaking, nothing more to say.
Clothing makes the person, be it man or woman.
Clothing means nothing, and lifelike calling only matters in competitions.
Clothing means wearing apparel available for free or very low cost excluding for-profit outlets.
Clothing minimizes temptation and promotes modesty.
Clothing needs to be able to cope with downpours.
Clothing needs to be appropriate for school- clean, neat, modest and appropriately sized to fit.
Clothing needs to be durable, comfortable, and functional.
Clothing needs to be roomy in order to accommodate the patient's dressings.
Clothing needs to be very tough and durable.
Clothing needs to fit properly, particularly gloves and boots.
Clothing now ranks in the top five online purchase categories in both the U.S. and Canada.
Clothing offers no respite.
Clothing online includes t-shirts, children's clothing and sweaters.
Clothing plays an important role for each character, reflecting moods and personalities.
Clothing promoting the use of alcohol or tobacco products is discouraged.
Clothing protects what it covers.
Clothing provides only partial protection, depending on the tightness of the weave.
Clothing provides protection from the elements by increasing the insulating capacity of the body.
Clothing provides shade from UV radiation.
Clothing ranges from suit and tie to jeans-casual.
Clothing ranges from the usual medical outfits to armor.
Clothing reduces radiation loss by lowering our effective surface temperature.
Clothing reduces the effectiveness of sweating as a means of cooling the body.
Clothing related accidents occur more frequently than one realizes.
Clothing represents one's honor.
Clothing says something about the person wearing it.
Clothing sheds water and dries faster to maintain comfort, even in wet conditions.
Clothing shows the figure and curves of the woman, rather than hiding it.
Clothing speaks volumes about the person within.
Clothing speculates a retro theme with a hint of futurism and a dash of color.
Clothing substantiates our sense of self and our place in society.
Clothing suffers assault both from within and without.
Clothing tends to be consistently priced at most garage sales.
Clothing tends to be more on the casual side.
Clothing There are many clothing shops in downtown Cincinnati.
Clothing There are no absolute rules regarding dress.
Clothing thus serves as a means for the spread of in- fectious diseases.
Clothing Try the challenge.
Clothing Use a hanging wardrobe box for easy moving and storing of clothing.
Clothing Use a wardrobe box and transfer clothes on hanger from closet to the box.
Clothing used in summer has the hair removed.
Clothing varies by age and location.
Clothing varies from t-shirts to sweatshirts to shorts to golf shirts, etc.
Clothing varies greatly in price, dependent upon the quality and maker of the item.
Clothing varies in price.
Clothing varies with the season.
Clothing View our range of Clothing.
Clothing Visit our favorite clothing sites.
Clothing Wear a chemical apron.
Clothing Wear loose clothing and underwear.
Clothing Wear loose, comfortable garments.
Clothing Wear minimal clothing to provide greater skin surface area for heat dissipation.
Clothing Wear white, all-cotton underwear.
Clothing Welcome to our Home on the Web.
Clothing worn during sports is to the discretion of each program director.
Clothing worn is unknown.
Clothing Always bring a rain suit.
Clothing often builds up static electricity.
Clothing often surprises wannabes.
Clothing usually comes in small quantities, making it hard to distribute effectively.
All clothing are clean.
All clothing has our logo.
All clothing is available - boys and girls.
All clothing is clean and in good repair.
All clothing is considered legal tender, for debts both public, and private, at the values listed.
All clothing is custom made to the specifications of the buyer.
All clothing is cut and made as accurately as possible, from original patterns where available .
All clothing is cut from tanned deerskin hides and is hand laced.
All clothing is hand-finished and appliqu d or embroidered.
All clothing is hand-stitched.
All clothing is hemp, silk and cotton mixes.
All clothing is in top condition.
All clothing is included except items from the costume room.
All clothing is listed in ascending order.
All clothing is made from natural fibers such as cotton, rayon or silk.
All clothing is made to order .
All clothing is made to order from the manufacturers.
All clothing is made with love to ensure the highest quality and a perfect fit.
All clothing is non-taxable.
All clothing is plain and simple, designed only for utility and practicality.
All clothing is pre-shrunk.
All clothing is sewn by the colony seamstresses.
All clothing is subject to both taxes.
All clothing is subject to management review and discretion.
All clothing is suitable for Muslimahs.
All clothing is the responsibility of the contestant.
All clothing is tried on during the visit to the facility.
All clothing is unisex design unless specifically designed for women and children.
All clothing is unisex design unless specifically designed for women.
All clothing is unisex, unless otherwise stated.
All clothing is vintage.
All clothing is washable.
All clothing needs to be clean, neat, modest, properly fitted and appropriate for the occasion.
All clothing worn while handling or applying concentrated or diluted pesticides is contaminated.
Any clothing given to the bank is removed from the game.
Any clothing is okay as long as it allows freedom of movement.
Any clothing made by any company is acceptable, as long as it complies with the above reqirements.
Some clothing is able to absorb the toxic material and maintain it close to the skin.
Some clothing is available to borrow, although it is mainly girl's clothing.
Some clothing is available.
Some clothing is considered to be inappropriate because it causes distractions.
Clotted blood has a particulate, hypoechoic appearance.
Clotted blood takes up space in a closed system, increasing pressure on the brain.
A clotting factor is a plasma protein
Clotting factors act very much like powdered gelatin.
Clotting factors are a protein in the plasma.
Clotting factors cause blood clots in a different way.
Cloture acts to limit debate and brings a measure to a vote.
Cloture is order
Cloud City is also a good example of some of the traps and shortcuts that the levels contain.
Cloud City is our destination.
Cloud County has a stained glass tour mapped out.
Cloud County is the stained glass capital of Kansas.
Cloud feedbacks are probably the part of the climate system that is the least well understood.
Most cloud formations are the result of water vapor accreting around nuclei.
Cloud leopards have canine teeth.
Cloud leopards have teeth.
Cloud leopards mark territory.
Clouds of ash can disrupt radio communication by scattering or absorbing signals.
Clouds of dust block our view.
Clouds of dust powder the soldiers' backs and shoulders.
Clouds of dust sparkle behind it.
Clouds of smoke pour out of it, up into the wind and over the neighboring warehouses.
Cloud salamanders prefer forest habitats.
Cloud salamanders prefer habitats.
A cloud is a physical phenomenon
Cloud isa phenomenon.
Cloud retrievals over ice and snow surfaces present serious difficulties.
Cloud sigh toward an tower either saves bieffe helmet.
Clouds above are extremely rare.
Clouds absorb light, too.
Clouds absorb light.
Clouds act to mute seasonal contrasts however.
Clouds affect climate by trapping heat emitted from the Earth and by reflecting sunlight.
Clouds affect climate, and are in turn affected by changes in the climate.
Clouds affect climates.
Clouds affect living things by their cosmic rays.
Clouds affect the climate but changes in the climate, in turn, affect the clouds.
Clouds affect the diurnal temperature range as well.
Clouds affect the weather greatly.
Clouds also blanket the Earth, preventing severe extremes of temperature.
Clouds also can frequently interfere with planned photography.
Clouds also change because of the action of winds and other moving air.
Clouds also cover a huge altitude range on Earth due to the complex effects of solar radiation.
Clouds also create some patterns of light in the sky such as halos.
Clouds also express the self-similarity attribute.
Clouds also form by lifting.
Clouds also have an effect in keeping the earth's surface warm.
Clouds also play an important part in the earth's weather.
Clouds also play an important role.
Clouds also scatter, absorb, and emit radiation.
Clouds also transport energy away from the surface of the Earth.
Clouds alter the Earth's energy balance by altering both the incoming and outgoing energy.
Clouds appear and bring to men a chance to rest from looking at the moon.
Clouds appear and disappear, the sky remains for ever.
Clouds appear bright white when viewed from above because they reflect sunlight back into space.
Clouds appear darker than the white snow.
Clouds appear give men a chance to rest from looking at the moon.
Clouds appear in atmospheres.
Clouds appear more realistic, as opposed to the previous look which felt more artificial.
Clouds appear to be stratocumulus now.
Clouds appear very detailed.
Clouds appear white and the shadows are black.
Clouds appear white in the day, unless they bear precipitation, upon which they are steel gray.
Clouds appear white.
Clouds are a collection of very small drops of water or tiny pieces of ice that are held in the air.
Clouds are a direct expression of the physical processes taking place in the atmosphere.
Clouds are a great source of uncertainty in predicting future climate.
Clouds are a major source of uncertainty.
Clouds are a miracle in the sky.
Clouds are a question.
Clouds are a tremendous asset in the desert.
Clouds are a visible mist of billions of water and ice particles floating in the sky.
Clouds are a vital part of our environment.
Clouds are absent in that part of the quadrant.
Clouds are absent or rare on snow-covered winter panoramas to minimize the dominance of white.
Clouds are accumulations of tiny water droplets in the lower atmosphere.
Clouds are accumulations of water droplets, condensed from vapor-saturated air.
Clouds are accurate weather predictors.
Clouds are aerosols.
Clouds are also an important indicator of climate change.
Clouds are also good emitters of longwave radiation.
Clouds are also popular.
Clouds are also problematic for the interpretation of satellite derived turbidity.
Clouds are also weak and insubstantial, just as bodies are in a traditional Christian sense.
Clouds are always brighter here.
Clouds are an ever changing parade of color, shape, and mystic beauty.
Clouds are an example of the existence of water vapor.
Clouds are an important part of earth's weather.
Clouds are an important part of our everyday lives.
Clouds are an indicator of approaching weather.
Clouds are an indicator of humidty.
Clouds are an integral part of condensation and the water cycle.
Clouds are animals.
Clouds are another cause.
Clouds are another factor influencing the levels of ultraviolet reaching the surface.
Clouds are another important factor in determining climate.
Clouds are another source of albedo that play into the global warming equation.
Clouds are another weather element that is familiar to children.
Clouds are bags of water.
Clouds are brilliantly lit.
Clouds are by far the most common source of contamination of such images.
Clouds are capable of rain water.
Clouds are capable of rain.
Clouds are classified according to how they are formed.
Clouds are classified according to how they look and how high the base of the cloud is in the sky.
Clouds are clouds.
Clouds are collections of millions of tiny droplets of water.
Clouds are common on Earth but they cover completely Venus' atmosphere.
Clouds are common over the larger Tharsis volcanoes in mid-afternoon.
Clouds are complex.
Clouds are composed of millions of water droplets that have condensed.
Clouds are condensed water vapor in the atmosphere, either in a liquid, or solid form.
Clouds are continuously in the process of evolving in the atmosphere.
Clouds are covering the sky rapidly, it is cold and blustery.
Clouds are created in the same way.
Clouds are critically important in regulating the temperature of the Earth.
Clouds are darker.
Clouds are difficult to estimate because they are constantly moving and are irregular in shape.
Clouds are ethereal, beyond our grasp, beyond our understanding.
Clouds are evident as light areas due to their high albedo.
Clouds are extremely important for realism.
Clouds are fish.
Clouds are formed as the water vapor condenses.
Clouds are formed by evaporating water vapors that condense when they reach cooler air.
Clouds are formed when water droplets and pieces of dust join together in the atmosphere.
Clouds are fractals.
Clouds are free.
Clouds are full of interesting color and power.
Clouds are gases and particles suspended in the atmosphere.
Clouds are generally patches of stratocumulus, and rain is rare.
Clouds are given different names based on their shape and their height in the sky.
Clouds are gloom.
Clouds are good indicators of weather fronts.
Clouds are gray.
Clouds are great diffusers.
Clouds are grey because of our perspective from earth.
Clouds are hazy or milky areas in a diamond.
Clouds are heavy.
Clouds are high flying fogs.
Clouds are high-flying fogs.
Clouds are huge collections of water or ice particles in the air.
Clouds are ideal subjects for observation since no instruments are required.
Clouds are impermanent, but the sky is stable.
Clouds are important both in climate modeling and for short-term weather predictions.
Clouds are important processors of atmospheric aerosol particles.
Clouds are important, too.
Clouds are indeed awesome.
Clouds are little drops of water or ice hanging in the atmosphere.
Clouds are located in air.
Clouds are located in atmospheres.
Clouds are located in blue skies.
Clouds are located in ground levels.
Clouds are located in skies.
Clouds are located in weather reports.
Clouds are low and flat.
Clouds are made up of water droplets, supercooled water droplets, or ice crystals.
Clouds are microscopic inclusions that lower transparency.
Clouds are most commonly in a negative state of electricity, but sometimes in a positive state.
Clouds are never still, they are always in motion.
Clouds are nothing but water in the air.
Clouds are nothing more than water vapor that condenses and accretes into a visible form.
Clouds are often a greenish-black color.
Clouds are one form of condensation.
Clouds are one of the greatest areas of uncertainty in climate change science.
Clouds are one possible obstacle.
Clouds are open air.
Clouds are part of skies.
Clouds are part of what is known as a feedback mechanism.
Clouds are physical phenomenons.
Clouds are play.
Clouds are present in some frames.
Clouds are probably the main cause.
Clouds are produced by mist.
Clouds are reflective in all bands, and usually appear white, gray or pink.
Clouds are solid colored white polygons.
Clouds are suspicion.
Clouds are symbols of things that cross borders freely.
Clouds are the least understood piece of the climate change puzzle .
Clouds are the most common form of visible moisture.
Clouds are the most crucial factor causing uncertainties in model estimates of global warming.
Clouds are the most significant influence on solar radiation.
Clouds are the result of condensation and sublimation of water vapor in the atmosphere.
Clouds are the same on different scales, and even blood vessels branch out fractally.
Clouds are the signposts of the weather.
Clouds are the sky's way of moving water from one place to another.
Clouds are the symbols of wrath to sinners.
Clouds are they, without water.
Clouds are thick and gray on the horizon.
Clouds are transparent to ultraviolet light, which is why clouds offer no protection from sunburn.
Clouds are unavoidable.
Clouds are used for cool temperature.
Clouds are used for dreaming.
Clouds are used for hails.
Clouds are used for rain.
Clouds are used for shades.
Clouds are used for sleet.
Clouds are used for snow.
Clouds are used for thunder.
Clouds are used for weather.
Clouds are usually white.
Clouds are valuable aids in weather forecasting.
Clouds are vaporized water.
Clouds are very important in terms of identifying weather patterns.
Clouds are very reflective.
Clouds are very scarce.
Clouds are video games.
Clouds are visible concentrations of water droplets or ice crystals in air.
Clouds are visible forms of water vapour which occur when saturated air condenses.
Clouds are visible in the background.
Clouds are visible in the upper left corner and right center of each image.
Clouds are visible northwest of the range.
Clouds are water droplets or ice crystals suspended in the atmosphere.
Clouds are water droplets that have condensed from atmospheric water vapor.
Clouds are water vapor that has cooled and condensed back into tiny droplets of liquid water.
Clouds are water vapor which goes up when the heat of the sun's rays strikes the rivers and lakes.
Clouds are water vapor, or other bulxious gases.
Clouds are water vapor.
Clouds are water.
Clouds are white.
Clouds arise like pink pillows on high.
Clouds arrive like sailors used to monsters.
Clouds associate with intense thunderstorms.
Clouds associate with powerful thunderstorms.
Clouds associate with thunderstorms.
Clouds associated with thermals include low to mid level cumulus clouds, and cumulonimbus clouds.
Clouds attach to nothing, and so drift freely across the sky.
Clouds become emblematic, flying saucer-like ovals.
Clouds become white with a suggestion of warm gray shadow.
Clouds begin closing in .
Clouds begin to cover the autumn sky and a light rain falls.
Clouds begin to gather.
Clouds begin to slip a glove over the day.
Clouds begins with an off-stage chorus in splendid harmony.
Clouds bend around the bowl of the sky.
Clouds blanket Lake Ontario.
Clouds blanket the mountains behind our destination.
Clouds blanket the summit of Everest.
Clouds blanket the Wet Mountain Valley at sunrise.
Clouds block entire surface.
Clouds block out the sunlight, making the sky appear grey.
Clouds blot out the rest of the stars.
Clouds blow by just skimming the rooftops of the village.
Clouds blowing inland from the coast bring rain to the mountains.
Clouds boil in the sky.
Clouds bring fresh water.
Clouds bring nice weather.
Clouds bring precipitation.
Clouds bring rain and shade.
Clouds bring water.
Clouds bring weather.
Clouds build overhead and eventually develop into snow showers as they move downwind.
Clouds burst, kids splash, mud tracks.
Clouds can act as a natural sun shield by reflecting light back into space.
Clouds can act as diffusers between the sun and earth, softening and spreading the light.
Clouds can affect chemistry in many ways.
Clouds can also bring destruction or even death, in the form of hail or tornadoes.
Clouds can appear white, grey, or dark depending on conditions.
Clouds can be fascinating to study, and satellite images show cloud patterns on a global basis.
Clouds can build up during the summer to produce spectacular thunderstorm activity.
Clouds can cast shadows on the terrain.
Clouds can cool and give a false impression that there is little risk of sunburn.
Clouds can definitely tell what weather a particular place is going to have.
Clouds can exist in a variety of shapes and sizes.
Clouds can go either way depending on the clouds and suns position.
Clouds can last anywhere from a few minutes to days.
Clouds can lead to cooling by reflecting incoming solar radiation.
Clouds can limit air power, while rain can limit all movement and combat.
Clouds can quickly descend over the mountain.
Clouds can reduce growth by half.
Clouds can reflect sunlight, but they can also trap heat warming up the planet.
Clouds can sometimes bring destruction in the form of hail or tornadoes.
Clouds cascade across the horizon, Returning birds driving the winter North.
Clouds catch the last red-orange rays of the setting sun and the first light of the dawn.
Clouds cause rain.
Clouds ceaselessly stream over massive volcanic summits.
Clouds come from air.
Clouds come from somewhere above the sky.
Clouds come from time to time - and bring to men a chance to rest from looking at the moon.
Clouds come in different shapes and designs.
Clouds come in many different colors, shapes, and sizes.
Clouds come in many different shapes.
Clouds come in many sizes and a seemingly endless variety of shapes.
Clouds come in various forms, and contain various degrees of shade.
Clouds come in various shapes and sizes and occur at varying altitudes.
Clouds come in.
Clouds commonly form in rising air.
Clouds compose of water.
Clouds condense and drench our stone walled hut.
Clouds consist mainly of water vapor.
Clouds consist of dioxide.
Clouds consist of glow particles.
Clouds consist of ice particles.
Clouds consist of microscopic particles.
Clouds consist of particles.
Clouds consist of small water droplets that, despite below-freezing temperatures, remain liquid.
Clouds consist of sulfur dioxide.
Clouds consist of water.
Clouds constantly moisten the tree trunks, which are covered with moss.
Clouds contain carbon.
Clouds contain millions and millions of water droplets and ice particles suspended in the air.
Clouds contain water.
Clouds continue over the mountains of Southern California.
Clouds continue to build throughout the day, with more showers and thundertorms likely.
Clouds continue to lower during the precipitation.
Clouds continue to obscure the volcano.
Clouds cool Earth by reflecting incoming sunlight.
Clouds cool Earth's surface by reflecting incoming sunlight.
Clouds cool the earth by reflecting sunlight.
Clouds cover and uncover the moon.
Clouds cover areas.
Clouds cover large areas.
Clouds cover most of the storm and underneath are circular bands of very heavy rain.
Clouds cover most of the United States.
Clouds cover most of the west.
Clouds cover much of central Africa.
Clouds cover parts of Utah, Arizona, New Mexico and Washington.
Clouds cover sun air gets grey.
Clouds cover the forest more than half the time greatly reducing the light intensity.
Clouds cover the Pacific northwest down to Utah.
Clouds create a perspective space so that the sky seems to rise beyond the limits of the ceiling.
Clouds create additional gaps.
Clouds create conditions.
Clouds create effects.
Clouds create greenhouse effects.
Clouds created by convective currents tend to form in very random patterns.
Clouds cross over both ways.
Clouds cross the bright, fat moon, and weird shadows dance on the lawn.
Clouds cross the field of view from time to time.
Clouds dance in the sky.
Clouds decrease the heating in the laser rod and cause the focal length to shift severely.
Clouds deliver rain.
Clouds depend on conditions.
Clouds depend on weather conditions.
Clouds develop when air is lifted.
Clouds develop when water vapor attaches itself to microscopic matter called nuclei.
Clouds develop, followed by showers.
Clouds develop, then showers.
Clouds dissipate and bright sunshine can prevail quite frequently.
Clouds do appear to have a mind of their own.
Clouds do create rain.
Clouds do have silver linings.
Clouds dot the afternoon summer sky.
Clouds draw thin white wakes across infinite-seeming blue.
Clouds drift by in the digital moonlit sky.
Clouds drifting below jagged peaks and cascading waterfalls impart a calming effect on the soul.
Clouds drop rain.
Clouds effect the temperature too.
Clouds enclose the sky.
Clouds escape from their prisons.
Clouds exist in the atmosphere because of rising air.
Clouds fill the sky while spectators, buildings and trees dot the landscape.
Clouds fill the valley.
Clouds filter out the rays to excellence.
Clouds Find the origins of the names of the various kinds of clouds here.
Clouds find their voices.
Clouds float across the sky everyday.
Clouds float by, and the occasional airplane.
Clouds float in the air and water flows in the river.
Clouds float in the sky just waiting to fall.
Clouds float in the sky like lazy swans on a lake.
Clouds float in the sky.
Clouds float into a great expanse.
Clouds float lazily across the blue sky, and grass ripples in the breeze.
Clouds float ominously by, and the wind whips up whirlpools of mist.
Clouds float up to the heavens.
Clouds fly against the wind.
Clouds fly higher during the day than during the night.
Clouds fly, seas swell.
Clouds form a major visual part of the series.
Clouds form above the arrows.
Clouds form along a cold front as the air rises.
Clouds form along similar lines.
Clouds form along the boundary in the absence of boundary layer turbulence.
Clouds form and produce rain as they rise in altitude.
Clouds form and rain falls, filling rivers and streams.
Clouds form as a result of condensation driven by adiabatic cooling.
Clouds form as the drops of water grow.
Clouds form as water vapor condenses around tiny particles.
Clouds form at tops.
Clouds form by the condensation of water vapor.
Clouds form by the condensation of water vapour through cooling.
Clouds form even as water in a pale green pitcher and rimmed in gold is a havoc of perturbation.
Clouds form from droplets of water and tiny ice crystals.
Clouds form in a variety of different ways.
Clouds form in areas where air rises and cools.
Clouds form in many sizes and shapes.
Clouds form in same place over an area though air is rushing through the spot.
Clouds form in the atmosphere because air containing water vapor rises, cools, and condenses.
Clouds form in the sky and it begins to rain.
Clouds form layers.
Clouds form mass.
Clouds form near the ground and trap some warmer temperatures nearest the ground.
Clouds form over the water and advance toward shore.
Clouds form randomly, as on Earth, so on average there are always several layers.
Clouds form randomly, so on average there are always several layers.
Clouds form single layers.
Clouds form when air containing vaporised water cools.
Clouds form when air rises.
Clouds form when damp air is cooled, usually by rising.
Clouds form when moist air cools.
Clouds form when the air rises.
Clouds form when the air rushes upward.
Clouds form when the atmosphere can no longer hold all the invisible air vapor.
Clouds form when the water in the air condenses on small particles of dust.
Clouds form when warm, particle-rich air meets cool, moist air.
Clouds form when water vapor condenses and molecules cling to each other.
Clouds form when water vapor condenses around tiny particles floating in the air.
Clouds form where condensation is occurring.
Clouds form, electrical disturbances occur and the temperature decreases with altitude.
Clouds form, they dissipate, and form again.
Clouds formed by rising puffs lack flat bottoms and are short lived.
Clouds gather before a storm.
Clouds gather for afternoon rains and burst into spectacular thunderstorms.
Clouds gather round the tall bamboo.
Clouds gather to watch as the morning sun illuminates a mountain top.
Clouds gather, and to the surprise of all, rain begins to fall.
Clouds generally decrease the amount of ultraviolet radiation reaching the Earth's surface.
Clouds generally form, survive and grow in air that is moving upward .
Clouds generally form, survive and grow in air that is moving upward.
Clouds gently gather around the moon and together they welcome the freshness of a coming new year.
Clouds give chase.
Clouds give rain.
Clouds glide by, rain falls.
Clouds go away, then the moon shines brightly.
Clouds go, and the green mountain is.
Clouds hang low on the mountains, bathing the city in a beautiful gloom.
Clouds hang over the snow-crusted tundra.
Clouds have a net warming effect on the surface, in contrast to clouds at lower latitudes.
Clouds have a strong yet subtle effect on climate.
Clouds have bottom bottoms.
Clouds have bottoms.
Clouds have centers.
Clouds have compositions.
Clouds have density.
Clouds have motion.
Clouds have rotation.
Clouds have slight rotation.
Clouds have to be present.
Clouds have tops.
Clouds heap upon clouds and it darkens.
Clouds help redistribute extra heat from the equator toward the poles.
Clouds help to hold in the day's heat and keep the morning temperatures warmer.
Clouds help to spot monarchs.
Clouds help too.
Clouds hide in a hole in the sky, and rain makes applesauce.
Clouds hide the North Star.
Clouds hug the mountaintops, shaped like swirls of frosting by the prevailing winds.
Clouds increase when the latent heat is released as the vapor condenses into clouds.
Clouds indicate fair weather.
Clouds indicate important meteorological processes such as convection, fronts, and mountain waves.
Clouds indicate unnecessarily high temperatures.
Clouds indicate weather.
Clouds influence the amount of sunlight reaching Earth's surface.
Clouds influence the weather in many ways.
Clouds interact to a significant degree with both long and short-wave radiation.
Clouds invade by mid morning.
Clouds just keep circling the earth around and around and around.
Clouds just keep circling the Earth around and around, and around.
Clouds just keep circling the earth around and around.
Clouds just keep circling the Earth around and around.
Clouds keep winter nights warmer than they are on clear nights.
Clouds lace the bright white moon.
Clouds lead to precipitation.
Clouds learn how to look at clouds.
Clouds leave shapes of fantasy.
Clouds lick the thick leaves At the top.
Clouds look good.
Clouds look nice though.
Clouds lose their water as rain or snow, which is called precipitation.
Clouds lower global temperature.
Clouds lower temperature.
Clouds make outdoor pictures look peaceful.
Clouds meet cool air, and rain or snow falls to the ground.
Clouds melt together.
Clouds metamorphose in color, while the mountains follow, one radiant step behind.
Clouds move across the skies and produce shadows on the ground as they cross the sun.
Clouds move along the jet stream like a conveyor belt.
Clouds move and melt and the delicate cirrus has become a last kiss or a parting word.
Clouds move around the world, propelled by air currents.
Clouds move as slow as snails.
Clouds move from image to image, but the snow cover remains stationary.
Clouds move in after a sunny start of the day.
Clouds move in in the middle.
Clouds move into areas.
Clouds move into the area, along with some light southerly winds.
Clouds move over and the landscape darkens as the phase of totality approaches.
Clouds move slowly, over the moon's light creating darkness, unable to see.
Clouds move through the atmosphere in bands more or less parallel to the equator.
Clouds move with the wind, airplanes and birds create their own direction.
Clouds move with the wind.
Clouds moving in different directions at various levels foretell rain.
Clouds normally form in that way, but they can also form differently, depending on the condition.
Clouds obscure the sky as the seasonal polar hood forms overhead.
Clouds obscure the southern and eastern walls of the crater's rim.
Clouds obscure the volcano and prevent visual observation.
Clouds occasionally are visible in the atmosphere.
Clouds occur where atmospheric motions are upward.
Clouds offer little protection.
Clouds owe their origin to the sun.
Clouds pass and disperse.
Clouds pass buds brighten.
Clouds pass in front of the moon.
Clouds pass over a hearty field of winter wheat.
Clouds pass over and are gone.
Clouds pass quickly.
Clouds pass, trailing indigo.
Clouds play a complex role in the Earth's radiation budget.
Clouds play a critical and complicated role in regulating the temperature of the Earth.
Clouds play a dual role in the atmosphere.
Clouds play a key role in the overall radiation budget.
Clouds play a major role in feedback mechanisms to stabilize the world's climate.
Clouds play a major role in the production of oxidants and acids in the atmosphere.
Clouds play a significant role in the Earth's climate.
Clouds play an important part in the water cycle, and therefore the climate of a region.
Clouds play an important role in defining climate.
Clouds play important roles in the Earth's climate and postulated global warming.
Clouds pop out in sharp contrast.
Clouds present a difficult challenge to observers since they are constantly changing.
Clouds prevent observations.
Clouds produce drizzle.
Clouds produce light precipitation.
Clouds produce precipitation.
Clouds produce rain.
Clouds provide a nice illustration of the concept of feedback within a system.
Clouds provide clues about the weather.
Clouds provide either positive or negative radiative forcing, depending on the circumstances.
Clouds provide little protection from the sun's rays.
Clouds provide moisture.
Clouds provide one of the keys to understanding the weather.
Clouds provide rain, snow, and other precipitation to the land.
Clouds provide shade as they drift across the sun.
Clouds push up against the mountain causing foggy conditions.
Clouds quickly roll in, and an hour later it's pelting down.
Clouds race across the sky, lightning flashes and the rain pours down.
Clouds race across the sky.
Clouds race overhead, storms arrive to pelt the land, and butterflies flutter across the land.
Clouds rapidly slide down the mountains and rain looks imminent.
Clouds react to light sources for backlit and noctiluscent effects.
Clouds reduce light.
Clouds reduce the amount of incoming shortwave radiation, therefore they exhibit a cooling effect.
Clouds reduce visibility.
Clouds reflect little sunlight.
Clouds reflect radiation back.
Clouds reflect some incoming sunlight back to space, but they also reflect heat back to Earth.
Clouds reflect sunlight well and so show up bright on the visible imagery.
Clouds reflect sunlight, reducing the amount of energy reaching the surface.
Clouds reflect sunlight.
Clouds reflect the moisture in the air and the signature of the wind.
Clouds reflect the solar energy and lower the Earth's temperature.
Clouds regulate the Earth's thermostat.
Clouds release life-giving water.
Clouds release water.
Clouds remain on the economic horizon, however.
Clouds rent by storm, or formed smooth and layered by steady strong winter winds over long ridges.
Clouds represent water vapor that has condensed into either liquid water or ice or both.
Clouds resemble cirrus.
Clouds resemble thin cirrus.
Clouds reshape themselves.
Clouds result from the condensation of water vapor into liquid water droplets or ice crystals.
Clouds result in clouds.
Clouds result in wall clouds.
Clouds return with the chance or rain or snow.
Clouds reveal more and more complex structures, as is typical of fractals.
Clouds reveals sun.
Clouds riding above most of the atmospheric methane are bright.
Clouds rise majestically over mountain peaks.
Clouds rising from distant mountains hasten the fall of dusk.
Clouds roll by in sped-up time.
Clouds roll in, darkening the sky slowly.
Clouds roll in, the sky turns black, vibrations rumble the night.
Clouds roll over night and day.
Clouds roll overhead.
Clouds run quickly by as if chased by as intruder, Leaving streams of white, flagging a trail.
Clouds saunter across crisp, blue skies while cooling breezes refresh on the warmest summer day.
Clouds seem alive, softened by a yellow haze.
Clouds seem at arm's reach.
Clouds seem to be related to the seasonal sublimation and condensation of polar-cap material.
Clouds seem to gather and break like a flock of sheep.
Clouds shade the hot tropical sun.
Clouds show characteristics.
Clouds show development.
Clouds show little vertical development.
Clouds show shades.
Clouds shroud the Great One most of the time.
Clouds slightly cover the day to day wounds of the earth, The mists begin to take form.
Clouds slowly drift by.
Clouds slowly move their shadows across the rocky seascape.
Clouds slowly roll in lap after lap when a storm approaches and the rain begins as a drizzle.
Clouds soar high into the sky, and it looks like rain.
Clouds spewing from exhausts are blue.
Clouds sprouting trees drift above a landscape of green, egg-curved hills and cheesecake castles.
Clouds stick around tonight, with some light winds from the north.
Clouds stop moving and the shadows pause.
Clouds stop the heat from both going in and out from the earth .
Clouds stop the heat from both going in and out from the earth.
Clouds store enormous amounts of energy.
Clouds stretch from Upper Michigan to southwestern Utah.
Clouds strongly influence our planet's climate.
Clouds surround some peaks in the Andes Mountains.
Clouds surround the angel.
Clouds surround the lower part of the globe.
Clouds sweep above the skyline of Adelaide.
Clouds swirl around the earth on huge video monitors.
Clouds swirl around the tower, turning the sky to slate, before continuing on to the ocean.
Clouds swirl by in constant slow motion.
Clouds symbolize the celestial realm.
Clouds take a number of shapes.
Clouds tear all around.
Clouds tell the story AND deliver the goods.
Clouds tend to dissipate and no longer release rain when the cloud layer decreases in altitude.
Clouds tend to dissipate in air moving down a mountainside.
Clouds thunder across the horizon on high winds, bringing thunder and lightning, and sleets of rain.
Clouds thus have both direct and indirect effects on the Earth's energy balance and water budget.
Clouds too are usually turbulent.
Clouds transfer the excess water over land, where it falls as rain.
Clouds travel at different heights and speeds, and in opposite directions.
Clouds turn black Because they like to join Together and sing like thunder.
Clouds undergo thermal reorganization due to radiative effects as they evolve.
Clouds unfurl and dissipate in their frantic migration.
Clouds vary in thickness.
Clouds warm the winter hemisphere and cool the summer hemisphere.
Clouds always blow northwards.
Clouds always make it challenging.
Clouds always seem to provide intrigue for a sunset shot, especially when zooming in on the sun.
Clouds often block satellite images.
Clouds often bring more wind.
Clouds often form as air is forced over mountain ranges.
Clouds often hide large areas of the Earth's surface.
Clouds often shroud the firework display.
Clouds often surround the mountain, so clear views are rare.
Clouds sometimes hover, Bad feelings sometimes take over.
Clouds usually accompany floods, which affects delivery of clear imagery.
Clouds usually form near an inversion.
Clouds usually form when warm air rises, cools and condenses.
Clouds usually form where air moves upward.
All clouds are free.
All clouds contain water vapors.
All clouds do pass.
All clouds fade to clear near the horizon.
All clouds form as a consequence of rising air .
All clouds have different names and each cloud can be used in predicting storms.
Every cloud has a silver lining - or so the story goes.
Every cloud has a silver lining , of course.
Every cloud has a silver lining etc.
Every cloud has a silver lining however . . .
Every cloud has a silver lining, but millions of people are struck by lightning each year.
Every cloud has a silver lining, however.
Every cloud has a silver lining.
Every cloud has a silver lining-look for it.
Every cloud has a wet spot .
Every cloud has a wet spot.
Every cloud is grey, with dreams of yesterday.
Every cloud really does have a silver lining.
Many clouds are formed a rising current of air.
Many clouds are visible in the southern part of the image.
Most clouds absorb light.
Most clouds affect climates.
Most clouds appear in atmospheres.
Most clouds are in a constant state of creation and destruction.
Most clouds are in the troposphere.
Most clouds are produced by mist.
Most clouds are very large structures that pass over the spacecraft in a day or more.
Most clouds associate with intense thunderstorms.
Most clouds associate with powerful thunderstorms.
Most clouds associate with thunderstorms.
Most clouds bring fresh water.
Most clouds bring nice weather.
Most clouds bring precipitation.
Most clouds bring water.
Most clouds bring weather.
Most clouds cause rain.
Most clouds come from air.
Most clouds compose of water.
Most clouds consist of dioxide.
Most clouds consist of glow particles.
Most clouds consist of ice particles.
Most clouds consist of microscopic particles.
Most clouds consist of particles.
Most clouds consist of sulfur dioxide.
Most clouds consist of water.
Most clouds contain carbon.
Most clouds contain water.
Most clouds continually move and change shape.
Most clouds cover large areas.
Most clouds create conditions.
Most clouds create effects.
Most clouds create greenhouse effects.
Most clouds deliver rain.
Most clouds depend on conditions.
Most clouds depend on weather conditions.
Most clouds float high in the air.
Most clouds form at tops.
Most clouds form single layers.
Most clouds form through a process called expansion cooling.
Most clouds have bottom bottoms.
Most clouds have bottoms.
Most clouds have centers.
Most clouds have compositions.
Most clouds have density.
Most clouds have motion.
Most clouds have rotation.
Most clouds have slight rotation.
Most clouds have tops.
Most clouds indicate fair weather.
Most clouds indicate weather.
Most clouds lead to precipitation.
Most clouds move into areas.
Most clouds never manage to rain or snow.
Most clouds occur within the troposphere.
Most clouds pass overhead without producing rain or snow.
Most clouds produce drizzle.
Most clouds produce light precipitation.
Most clouds produce precipitation.
Most clouds provide moisture.
Most clouds reduce light.
Most clouds reduce visibility.
Most clouds reflect little sunlight.
Most clouds reflect sunlight.
Most clouds resemble thin cirrus.
Most clouds result from the upward movements of air masses.
Most clouds result in clouds.
Most clouds result in wall clouds.
Most clouds show characteristics.
Most clouds show development.
Most clouds show little vertical development.
Most clouds vary in thickness.
Some cloud cover today, along with the chance of showers.
Some cloud cover.
Some clouds add characters.
Some clouds add energy.
Some clouds affect transportation.
Some clouds appear in patches.
Some clouds appear to be developing into a thunderstorm.
Some clouds appear.
Some clouds are caused by air.
Some clouds are caused by diffraction.
Some clouds are great fleecy masses, and others look like giant feathers.
Some clouds are more diffuse at their edges than others.
Some clouds are near the ground.
Some clouds are so thick and dense that no stars can shine through.
Some clouds are too thin to be seen with the naked eye.
Some clouds are visible on the lower right side of the photo.
Some clouds are white, snow is white, some swans, geese and other birds are white.
Some clouds associate with rotation.
Some clouds become air.
Some clouds become charge.
Some clouds become drizzle.
Some clouds become matter.
Some clouds become positive charge.
Some clouds become tornado.
Some clouds become water.
Some clouds bring thunderstorms.
Some clouds cause allergic reaction.
Some clouds cause allergic skin reaction.
Some clouds cause difficulty.
Some clouds cause reaction.
Some clouds cause skin reaction.
Some clouds come from bottoms.
Some clouds compose of crystal.
Some clouds compose of ice crystal.
Some clouds compose of plasma.
Some clouds consist of ice crystal snowflakes.
Some clouds consist of snowflakes.
Some clouds contain crystal.
Some clouds contain ice crystal.
Some clouds contain vapor.
Some clouds contain water vapor.
Some clouds fall as precipitation.
Some clouds form at boundaries.
Some clouds form at edges.
Some clouds generate radiation.
Some clouds have appearances.
Some clouds have bases.
Some clouds have classifications.
Some clouds have contact.
Some clouds have crystal.
Some clouds have earth.
Some clouds have ice crystal.
Some clouds have regions.
Some clouds have starlights.
Some clouds indicate development.
Some clouds indicate weather that is fine and others tell of approaching storms.
Some clouds make up atoms.
Some clouds move current.
Some clouds move in overnight, with a light breeze.
Some clouds move in overnight, with winds dying down.
Some clouds occur at levels.
Some clouds occur in conditions.
Some clouds occur in tropospheres.
Some clouds produce abundant showers.
Some clouds produce coronae.
Some clouds produce heavy rain.
Some clouds produce heavy showers.
Some clouds produce light showers.
Some clouds produce rain.
Some clouds produce showers.
Some clouds produce snowfall.
Some clouds produce steady snowfall.
Some clouds produce thunderstorms.
Some clouds produce tornado.
Some clouds provide rain.
Some clouds provide strong updrafts.
Some clouds provide updrafts.
Some clouds reduce heat.
Some clouds reflect income solar radiation.
Some clouds reflect light.
Some clouds reflect radiation.
Some clouds reflect solar radiation.
Some clouds reflect states.
Some clouds resemble cumulus.
Some clouds resemble rag cumulus.
Some clouds resemble small cumulus.
Some clouds result from absorption.
Some clouds roll in overnigt, with continued breezy conditions.
Some clouds seem to have very sharp edges, while others have diffuse, wispy outlines.
Some clouds spawn tornado.
Some clouds surround atomic nuclei.
Some clouds tin the west.
Cloudbursts are also responsible for flash flood creation.
Clouded leopards are an endangered species.
Clouded leopards are believed to be solitary animals except during the breeding season.
Clouded leopards are elusive and difficult to study in their native habitat.
Clouded leopards are excellent climbers and their major prey animals live in trees.
Clouded leopards are mammals.
Clouded leopards are mostly nocturnal and rest in seclusion during the day.
Clouded leopards are one the most acrobatic cats in trees, and are considered arboreal.
Clouded leopards are remarkably secretive creatures for their size.
Clouded leopards are the most talented climbers among the cats.
Clouded leopards are unique first and formost for their arboreal skills.
Clouded leopards are VERY endangered.
Clouded leopards are wild cats.
Clouded leopards can see about six times better than humans can in the dark.
Clouded leopards can swim well and are found on some small islands in Southeast Asia.
Clouded leopards have enormusly good binocular vision.
Clouded leopards have the largest canines of any living cat, proportional to their body size.
Clouded leopards live in lowland tropical rainforests, but can also be found in dry woodlands.
Clouded leopards live in the tropical forests of southern China, and the Indonesian Islands.
Clouded leopards prefer the deep forest away from human settlement.
Cloudforest information including livecam images Comments are welcome.
A cloudiness is bad weather
Cloudiness can be a sign of deterioration in some insulin.
Cloudiness can be an attribute of both older and Young wines.
Cloudiness causes differences over land and ocean.
Cloudiness changes with each passing high and low.
Cloudiness indicates carbon dioxide is present.
Cloudiness is acceptable.
Cloudiness is also of concern.
Cloudiness is of such a character that high air humidity is sustained.
Cloudiness is okay.
Cloudiness occurs when iron and tannins in the vinegar combine.
Cloudinesses are bad weather.
Cloudinesses are opacity.
Some cloudiness is apparent in the wider aperture settings.
Cloudings are vaporization.
Cloudless earth absorbs heat.
Most cloudless earth absorbs heat.
Cloudy Bay is sold internationally.
Cloudy Bay is very similar in taste and quality.
Cloudy days are a bit more productive.
Cloudy days are better.
Cloudy days are cooler, making paddling more comfortable.
Cloudy days are great for flower close-ups using a little fill from a reflector or flash.
Cloudy days are great for photographing people.
Cloudy days are no exception.
Cloudy days are rare.
Cloudy days are the best for detailed photos.
Cloudy days are the best for shooting installed windows, especially if they face South.
Cloudy days are usually good times to fish, and rainy days are even better.
Cloudy days deceive many people into thinking that the danger of UV radiation is minimal.
Cloudy days mean gold plate, out produces sliver as a rule.
Cloudy days seem to bring out an early crowd.
Cloudy days slow down photosynthesis, making even less oxygen available to the fish.
Most cloudy days are conditionally unstable.
Cloudy eyes can indicate bacterial or oodinium infections.
Cloudy fluid is suggestive of an increased number of cells or protein.
Cloudy fluorescence is undesirable.
Cloudy orange is seen in an aura when there is some kind of physical irritation.
Cloudy ray cuts through troubled sky, breaking mesh shadows from rigid grate.
Cloudy skies act like a blanket, absorbing and reradiating the heat, keeping it in.
Cloudy skies hold the promise of more of the same.
Cloudy skies lessen the chances of gathering usable images during a satellite flyover.
Cloudy specimens are difficult to read.
Cloudy urine is caused by crystals, cells, blood, mucous, bacteria or cast.
Cloudy water can be the product of natural or human use in the watershed.
Cloudy water can complicate the lives of aquatic organisms.
Cloudy water can cut down on sunlight penetration and effect plant growth.
Cloudy water can frustrate another animal - humans.
Cloudy water causes trouble for fish.
Cloudy water is generally the result of oxygen trapped in the water.
Cloudy water is natural in a new pond.
Cloudy water is pumped from nearby wells where the water was previously clear.
Cloudy water is saturated with air.
Cloudy water is usually the result of dissolved air in the water lines.
Cloudy water reduces clarity and therefore is difficult for the fish to see the fly.
Cloudy weather can lead to algae die-offs while thunderstorms can cause pond turnover.
Cloudy weather decreases the intensity.
Cloudy weather reduces the sunlight available for photosynthesis.
Cloudy weather reduces visibility so use extra caution when passing other vehicles.
Clout does have alternatives.
Clout is a nail
Clout IS can never acquire without a suit at the top.
Clout is targets.
Clout refers to the ability to act for and allocate resources on behalf of one's organization.
Clove bud is another herb used for parasite problems.
Clove cigarettes are just tobacco with clove flavor.
Clove cigarettes are nearly harmless.
Clove cigarettes are today the major delivery device used in Indonesia for inhaled nicotine.
Clove cigarettes can cause serious lung injury and respiratory illnesses in some users.
Clove cigarettes contain cloves.
A clove is a spice
Clove increases the action of others herbs in combinations.
Cloves act as a wound antiseptic by killing harmful bacteria.
Cloves actually kill the eggs of the parasite.
Cloves add wonderful scent to the holiday home.
Cloves also acts as a deterrent to free-radical damage to the body.
Cloves also have natural preservative qualities in pickling solutions and oils.
Cloves appear ophio style with light glossy pink to brown colors.
Cloves are a festive touch.
Cloves are a light brown with a faint of purple at the base.
Cloves are a stimulant and anti-depressant as well.
Cloves are a stimulating spice with a mild anesthetic property.
Cloves are also an excellent antibacterial agent.
Cloves are also good for indigestion, gas, nausea, and dizziness.
Cloves are also safe and effective for relieving vomiting during pregnancy.
Cloves are also, in greater numbers, stuck into ham and pork as it cooks.
Cloves are an essential flavor for Haitian style rice and beans.
Cloves are another natural deterrent for weevils.
Cloves are available both whole and ground.
Cloves are cloves.
Cloves are dark brown and doubles are common.
Cloves are flower buds.
Cloves are garlics.
Cloves are good also.
Cloves are legal.
Cloves are nail-shaped dried flower buds that have a sweet, penetrating flavor.
Cloves are native to Indonesia .
Cloves are native to Indonesia.
Cloves are noticeably tallish and crescent shaped.
Cloves are part of cloves.
Cloves are plants.
Cloves are protective when sprinkled in the corners of the house or used as incense.
Cloves are spices.
Cloves are strongly antiseptic due to the high percent of phenols.
Cloves are the dried flower buds of a tropical tree and are a well known ingredient in sweet dishes.
Cloves are the dried flowerbud of an Indian evergreen, apparently.
Cloves are the only herb which have been found effective in killing eggs of the various parasites.
Cloves are the unopened flower buds of small evergreen tree.
Cloves are used in cooking , whole or ground .
Cloves are used in cooking, whole or ground.
Cloves are useful in both whole and ground forms.
Cloves are very firm and plump.
Cloves break up mucous congestion and gets sluggish organs moving.
Cloves Bring wine, sugar and cloves to a boil, cook until sugar is dissolved.
Cloves Chew five whole cloves.
Cloves come from another evergreen tree native to the Spice Islands.
Cloves contain a large amount of essential oil which is much used in medicine.
Cloves have a particular strong flavor that some feasters find too much for their palate.
Cloves have a warm, spicy flavor and a highly aromatic perfume.
Cloves have an assertive, dark aroma that is warm and rich.
Cloves have definite antiseptic action which helps to prevent and eliminate bacterial infections.
Cloves have interesting brown and pink coloration.
Cloves have only one relative that's a spice.
Cloves help increase blood circulation and contain powerful germicidal agents.
Cloves is a traditional cure for toothache.
Cloves kill the eggs.
Cloves make an interesting addition to a variety of dishes.
Cloves relieve toothache.
Cloves stimulate the conscious mind to view dreams and retain their images and sensations.
Cloves Wash the eggplants and trim.
Clover flowers attract bees.
Clover honey is America's most popular honey, very mild and fine-flavored.
Clover leaf refers to closeness with nature.
Clover leaves refer to the agriculture.
Clover mites are common nuisance pests in Nebraska, often invading structures in enormous numbers.
Clover mites are harmless and the red stains are the red pigments from their body fluids.
Clover mites are harmless, but their presence inside the house is a nuisance.
Clover mites are harmless.
Clover mites are larger, brown or gray, flat, and have very long front legs.
Clover mites are mites.
Clover mites are only a temporary nuisance.
Clover mites are pests.
Clover mites are pinhead-sized mites that feed on grasses and other plants around structures.
Clover mites are plant feeders only.
Clover mites are plant feeders that occasionally invade homes.
Clover mites are reddish-brown and have long front legs.
Clover mites are smaller than a pin head.
Clover mites are so tiny they stick easily to almost any type of sticky tape.
Clover mites are tiny spider mites about the size of a small pin head.
Clover mites are usually inactive during summer and winter.
Clover mites are widespread and occasionally very abundant.
Clover mites can be a serious nuisance pest when they enter buildings in spring.
Clover mites can become active at temperatures slightly above freezing.
Clover mites continue and banks grass mites begin to increase in droughty areas.
Clover mites develop on lawn grasses and weeds around the foundation of buildings.
Clover mites enter homes when their food plants are removed or dry up.
Clover mites go through stages.
Clover mites invade structures.
Clover mites occur as periodic pests of lawns and are a nuisance when they migrate into homes.
Clover mites occur in large numbers.
Clover mites reproduce outdoors.
Most clover mites go through stages.
Clover Park is wheelchair accessible.
Clover plants grow at levels.
Clover plants provide habitats.
Clover adapts to conditions by constantly monitoring the received signal.
Clover attracts bees.
Clover attracts beneficial insects.
Clover attracts insects.
Clover attracts woolly aphid parasites.
Clover becomes weeds.
Clover brings luck, prsperity, and health.
Clover can also help aerate the soil, thus reducing concerns over soil compaction.
Clover can be evergreen.
Clover can live in it, and people can hunt for four leaf clovers in it.
Clover contains substances.
Clover covers the ground.
Clover has (part) cell membranes.
Clover has (part) cells.
Clover has (part) corpi.
Clover has (part) cytoplasm.
Clover has (part) nuclei.
Clover has (part) plasma membranes.
Clover has (part) sections.
Clover has (part) vacuoles.
Clover has (part) vegetables.
Clover has enzymes.
Clover has flowers.
Clover has leaves.
Clover has little flowers.
Clover has little white flowers.
Clover has matter.
Clover has organic matter.
Clover has proteins.
Clover has ranges.
Clover has red flowers.
Clover has white flowers.
Clover increases availability.
Clover is a herb
Clover is alive and well and still creating art, albeit a very different kind.
Clover is bad because they have such giant roots.
Clover is bands.
Clover is classified as clover.
Clover is good for horses too.
Clover is green.
Clover is herbs.
Clover is legumes.
Clover is plants.
Clover is ripe and the weather is glorious.
Clover is soft and slippery to walk on.
Clover isa herb.
Clover jumps for joy.
Clover knows that as a parent, life can get a little busy.
Clover leaves with three to nine leaflets, illustrating a tendency to mutate.
Clover likes poor soil.
Clover loves attention and just eats it up.
Clover loves digging and laying in the sun.
Clover mites - Migrations of mites from lawns into the south sides of buildings begin on warm days.
Clover mites feed by sucking juice from plants.
Clover mites feed by sucking sap from various plants.
Clover mites feed on grasses and weeds, including clover but do no harm to turfgrass.
Clover mites live and reproduce outdoors.
Clover mites live in turfgrass and feed on plant fluids.
Clover needs moisture.
Clover needs sufficient moisture.
Clover occurs in pasture.
Clover produces biomass.
Clover produces honey with the lightest colour and the mildest flavour.
Clover produces long roots.
Clover produces mature seeds.
Clover produces seeds.
Clover produces stems.
Clover provides early spring nitrogen.
Clover provides nitrogen.
Clover remains greener much longer than grasses do, in both drought and cold conditions.
Clover thrives in climates.
Clover uses energy.
Clovers also provide food for wildlife including deer, rabbits and game birds.
Clovers also provide food for wildlife including deer, rabbits, and game birds.
Clovers are also a good autumn food source since they stay green late into the fall.
Clovers are also, of course, terrible drivers.
Clovers are among the most widely known and most important of cultivated legumes.
Clovers are good, as are fleabane and hawk's beard.
Clovers are hairy stemmed to prevent ants from easily climbing the stems.
Clovers are heavy Potassium feeders.
Clovers are highly palatable to livestock and are high in protein , phosphorus , and calcium .
Clovers are more colorful and attractive than grasses, especially when blooming.
Clovers have for a long time formed a staple crop for soiling.
Clovers have two types of life cycle.
Clovers improve soil characteristics by improving soil tilth.
Clovers occasionally have four leaflets, instead of the usual three.
Clovers occasionally have leaves with four leaflets, instead of the usual three.
Clovers occasionally have leaves with four leaves, instead of the usual three.
Clovers patch the ground then drain away.
Clovers provide valuable nourishment in either the green or the dry stage.
Most clover attracts bees.
Most clover attracts beneficial insects.
Most clover attracts insects.
Most clover becomes weeds.
Most clover contains substances.
Most clover has enzymes.
Most clover has flowers.
Most clover has leaves.
Most clover has little flowers.
Most clover has little white flowers.
Most clover has organic matter.
Most clover has proteins.
Most clover has ranges.
Most clover has red flowers.
Most clover has white flowers.
Most clover increases availability.
Most clover is classified as clover.
Most clover mites invade structures.
Most clover needs moisture.
Most clover needs sufficient moisture.
Most clover occurs in pasture.
Most clover produces biomass.
Most clover produces mature seeds.
Most clover produces seeds.
Most clover produces stems.
Most clover provides early spring nitrogen.
Most clover provides nitrogen.
Most clover uses energy.
Most clovers can cause bloat, also.
Some clover contains enzymes.
Some clover grows for several years.
Some clover grows for years.
Some clover grows in areas.
Some clover grows in mixture.
Some clover grows on ranges.
Some clover has drought tolerance.
Some clover has edges.
Some clover has low productivity.
Some clover has niches.
Some clover has petioles.
Some clover has poor drought tolerance.
Some clover has poor tolerance.
Some clover has productivity.
Some clover has requirements.
Some clover has soil nutrient requirements.
Some clover has stolons.
Some clover has tolerance.
Some clover have the small,dry fruit and usually contains one or two seeds.
Some clover helps prevent cancer.
Some clover helps prevent prostate cancer.
Some clover mites enter buildings.
Some clover produces flowers.
Some clover provides habitats.
Some clover requires adequate water.
Some clover requires rotation.
Some clover requires short rotation.
Some clover requires water.
Clown fish are an example of a bony fish.
Clown fish are between two and five inches long.
Clown fish are omnivorous animals meaning that they eat both plants and animals .
Clown fish are popular tropical aquarium fishes.
Clown fish are the inhabitants of tropical, subtropical and coastal waters including Mediterranean.
Clown fish are the most likely to host in a carpet anemone as compared to all other anemones.
Clown fish develop female organs.
Clown fish develop female reproductive organs.
Clown fish develop organs.
Clown fish develop reproductive organs.
Clown fish eat a wide range of food such as algae, plankton, molluscs and small crustaceans.
Clown fish eat anemones.
Clown fish eat plants.
Clown fish find most of their food by mooching off the anemone.
Clown fish grow to size.
Clown fish have bright orange skin.
Clown fish have hearts.
Clown fish have skin.
Clown fish live in anemones and plants and they are poisonous to surrounding fish.
Clown fish live on the ocean floor.
Clown fish use the sea anemone for shelter.
All clown fish are born male and develop female reproductive organs when needed.
All clown fish are born male.
Most clown fish develop female organs.
Most clown fish develop female reproductive organs.
Most clown fish develop organs.
Most clown fish develop reproductive organs.
Most clown fish eat anemones.
Most clown fish eat plants.
Most clown fish grow to size.
Most clown fish have bright orange skin.
Most clown fish have hearts.
Most clown fish have skin.
Some clown fish have exceptions.
Some clown fish have stripes.
Most clown loaches prefer homes that are only slightly larger than they are.
A clown is a comedian
Clown isa fool.
Clowns allow the tentacles to graze their bodies until they build up an immunity to the poison.
Clowns also protect anemones from predators .
Clowns appear with creepy made-up faces.
Clowns are a caring - sharing group of people.
Clowns are a fun part of the circus.
Clowns are a traditional part of celebrations in Mexico.
Clowns are able to change their coloration within certain parameters.
Clowns are ancient, universal sign of simplicity, laughter, and light-hearted fun.
Clowns are and always have been here as whimsical group that innocently enertains.
Clowns are books.
Clowns are capable of surprise.
Clowns are clumsy but puffins are very handy.
Clowns are comedians.
Clowns are different.
Clowns are evil.
Clowns are fantasy characters.
Clowns are favorites of the Balinese drama.
Clowns are fools.
Clowns are freaky .
Clowns are funnies.
Clowns are funny.
Clowns are just a bunch of men wearing makup.
Clowns are kind, loving, and caring.
Clowns are located in carnivals.
Clowns are located in circus.
Clowns are located in fairs.
Clowns are located in parties.
Clowns are often humble individuals.
Clowns are scary.
Clowns are so freaky, and scary.
Clowns are spiritual.
Clowns are t ruly, truly evil Good luck ever getting happiness in a relationship.
Clowns are the creepiest things alive.
Clowns are the ones who tend to take pride in entertaining the group.
Clowns are up to no good.
Clowns belong in a circus.
Clowns can be very colorful and are very hardy in captivity.
Clowns can reach out and connect with learners without threat.
Clowns get away with all that stuff.
Clowns grow glowing crowns.
Clowns have (part) arms.
Clowns have (part) body substances.
Clowns have (part) cell membranes.
Clowns have (part) cells.
Clowns have (part) corpi.
Clowns have (part) cytoplasm.
Clowns have (part) heads.
Clowns have (part) human bodies.
Clowns have (part) legs.
Clowns have (part) material bodies.
Clowns have (part) necks.
Clowns have (part) nuclei.
Clowns have (part) personality.
Clowns have (part) plasma membranes.
Clowns have (part) sections.
Clowns have (part) vacuoles.
Clowns have a varied tradition with significant variations in costume and performance.
Clowns have a way of getting past that barrier.
Clowns have many things in their bag of tricks.
Clowns have really big feet.
Clowns have to be the single most terrifying visage ever.
Clowns have to smile all the time .
Clowns lead the way for the street procession.
Clowns make good conductors.
Clowns make people with tears on their faces laugh or smile.
Clowns make the change of attitude and the risk of learning acceptable.
Clowns make things funny at the expense of themselves, never at the expense of others.
Clowns perform at birthdays and many more special occasions.
Clowns perform skits and contests all weekend.
Clowns provide an essential festive ingredient that keeps the crowd happy and enthused.
Clowns realize that wherever Seekers gather to worship is the worship room.
Clowns realize there is no worship room.
Clowns seem to be a distraction from the sacredness of a katsina dance.
Clowns spike the water.
Clowns taste funny.
Clowns tend to be nocturnal, preferring the cool night air to the hot sun.
Clowns tie their trousers with string which, when it is pulled, shows a hair-raising scene.
Clowns try to make it so that people can be wise.
Clowns wear bright vibrant colors to convey a fun, lively mood.
Clowns wear face-distorting metallic makeup.
Clowns wear larger than normal shoes and baggier than normal pants.
Clowns wear masks that are sometimes painted faces.
Clowns sometimes help the group and sometimes hurt it.
All clowns are good at that.
All clowns have diffrent faces and costumes.
All clowns there is nothing.
Every clown has different ways to get ready for a competition.
Most clowns have their own identifiable, stylistic ways to move.
Some clowns get time.
Some clowns jump out and like to scare people.
Some clown's out there, trying to hit the hit man.
Some clowns perform magic, do balloon animals, etc.
Some clowns spend almost their whole lives in gags.
Clownfish eggs go through multiple stages of development.
Clowning also makes it easier for the clowns to cope.
Clowning has a wide spectrum as like Art.
Clowning is a great escape from the pressures, trials and tribulations of the real world.
Clowning is a wonderful project to experience.
Clowning is about getting an audience to suspend belief.
Clowning is an art form which requires skill in many of the performing arts.
Clowning is part of their training program.
Clowning is serious business.
Clowning is the art of letting things happen and enjoying the beauty and delight of the moment.
Clowning provides a nice outlet for the couple, too.
Clozapine management is reimbursable only for outpatients.
A clozapine is a neuroleptic
Clozapine can cause some very serious blood problems.
Clozapine can lower the white blood cell count.
Clozapine is in a class of medications called atypical antipsychotics.
Clozapine is in wide use around the country.
Clozapine is VERY expensive.
Clozapine passes into breast milk.
Clozapine poses a unique risk.
Clozapines are benzodiazepines.
Clozapines are drugs.
Cls Clears the screen.
Cls Clears the whole drawing area and all functions.
CLS works closely with other library associations and consortia across the state of Illinois.
CLSs are ecologically safe both before and after use.
Some cls are part of liters.
Some cls are part of litres.
A club car is a car
Club car is provided as a service to our readers.
Club card completes the process.
Club card is good for two years from first purchase date.
Club cards increase attendance, fun, spending and sponsors.
Club chairs are responsible for making postings to the calendar.
Club championships is open to ALL chartered club.
Club club open all week.
CLUB culture can also claim a discernible influence.
Club D Welcome aboard.
Club dancers are sometimes very rhythmical with nice body action.
A club drug is a controlled substance
Club drugs are an increasing challenge for treatment programs.
Club drugs are recreational drugs.
Club drugs can cause serious health problems and even death in some cases.
Most club drugs are odorless and tasteless.
Some club drugs are stimulants, some depressants, and some hallucinogens.
Club foot can also result from deformity of a normally shaped foot.
Club foot is a birth defect that causes a malformation of the bones, joints and muscles.
Club foot is more common in boys.
A club fungus is a coral fungus
Club fungi are important as commercial crops.
Club house features sonna, fitting room, pool game room etc.
Club house Goes by another name every year.
Club house includes pro shop dining room, lounge and meeting room.
Club house is on left next to entrance ramp onto beach.
Club house is on right approximately mile.
Club house is straight ahead.
Club house offers great food and classroom facilities.
Club life is a never-ending party in Helsinki.
Club meeting is cancelled.
Club meetings are a forum for tips on training and nutrition.
Club meetings are always fun and informative for all who are involved.
Club meetings are at the launch, and all club business is covered at the launch.
Club meetings are bi-monthly.
Club meetings are bi-weekly, preferably held in a relaxed and intimate atmosphere.
Club meetings are bi-weekly.
Club meetings are every two weeks during the semester.
Club meetings are free.
Club meetings are great times together with friends and plan neat things to do as a group.
Club meetings are ideal for networking and getting to knowthe business people in the area.
Club meetings are informal, usually featuring pizza and soda, and all non-majors are welcome.
Club meetings are on Thursdays twice a month.
Club meetings are open to anyone interested in gardening.
Club meetings are open to club members and to any interested parties.
Club meetings are open to every one, members and non-members.
Club meetings are the second saturday of the month.
Club meetings begin with a lesson and are followed by a short practice.
Club meetings can be during the day, evening, and on weekends.
Club meetings consist of a business meeting following by a program of interest to the collectors.
Club meetings consist of social events and book discussions.
Club meetings consist of three segments.
Club meetings end with a game that involves giving the children treats.
Club meetings focus on education and each member actively participates in investment decisions.
Club meetings follow an agenda which define the order of events.
Club meetings serve as a forum to discuss and analyze corporate consulting issues.
All club meetings are free and open to the public.
Club moss is a fern ally
Club moss is ground cover that grows very slowly and contains yellow cones.
Club mosses are found on land, especially in warm, wet, shady areas.
Club mosses are small with rhizomes underground and short, erect branches.
Club mosses are the only plants with microphylls.
Club mosses are typically small plants that look like mosses.
Club mosses can reproduce asexually, by means of vegetative body parts.
Club mosses grow in damp places, including in the tropics and on temperate heaths and mountainsides.
Club mosses have long, narrow leaves, and produce spores from their cones.
Some club moss has growth patterns.
Some club moss has patterns.
Club music pumps from the machine and various squares on the floor light up to the beat.
Club night is an informal affair with players largely being left to arrange their own matches.
Club night is for all standards of players from beginners to experts.
Club nights are either weekly or monthly.
Club nights are on Fridays when meals are served and the bar is open.
Club nights can be regular on a weekly, monthly or fortnightly basis.
Club oars are on the left side of the boathouse, looking from the house toward the river.
Club prices are on a par with London.
Club quarters is cleaner, safer and quieter.
Club root causes the roots to be deformed.
Club root Use resistant cultivars.
Club rows are open to all rowers of all abilities.
A club sandwich is a sandwich
Club sandwiches are really good for that.
Club scene is late night with electro-music and very much smoking.
Club scenes create a loud ambiance.
Club seats are extra-wide and padded and feature waiter service and prime sideline locations.
Club seats are extra-wide and padded, and feature waiter service and prime sideline locations.
Club seats are rare among minor league teams, although they are growing in popularity.
Club sets vary in price according to the quality and precision used in design and assembly.
Club singles are DJ picks.
Club soda falls somewhere in between.
Club soda is a clear drink that is sometimes used to help remove stains from clothing.
Club soda is a great remedy for wine spilled on the carpet.
Club soda is also a stain tonic.
Club soda is an interesting one to try.
Club soda is drinking water
Club soda works wonders on removing grease.
Club tours are a thing of the past too.
Club wheat is known as a bread wheat and a member of the hexaploid species.
Club wheats have shorter, more compact heads than common types.
A club is a baseball team
Club accounts typically require that regular deposits be made.
Club aims to bring together students interested in atmospheric science issues.
Club aims to educate others on environment .
Club approach beyond some fifty because go The devil's own.
Club are available for rent by interested parties.
Club are focal points for local activities.
Club badge submissions are up.
Club badges from selected teams.
Club blossom along the baby when help camping in colorado.
Club blossom along the baby when help salmon fishing tip.
Club bowls available and coaching, fun and fellowship.
Club bragging rights go to the top entry in each category.
Club caps and shirts are always a help.
Club chamberlain remote garage door opener.
Club combines indoor and outdoor games with the joy of learning skiing or snowboarding.
Club competes in yearly competitions.
Club conducts community service projects throughout the year.
Club conducts regular weekly runs and monthly meetings.
Club consists of a group of individuals that get together to do various forms of wood carving.
Club consists of halls and a summer terrace.
Club contest scores and contest logs are also available.
Club continues to fertilize, prune, mulch, replace plants as needed, provide annuals for color.
Club cover in the form of a baseball cap.
Club dances in costume, occasion special events and live performances.
Club dances one night each week.
Club dates, song clips, and links.
Club delay within an situation while mix telecom.
Club discount on major astronomical magazines, books, and other publications.
Club discovers art of Japanese culture .
Club dive every month.
Club dives are a great chance to get to know new dive sites and network with dive buddies.
Club does through all angel still show soccer jr.
Club donates to scientific publications, museums, and student grants. .
Club earn Friendship inside most voice past any experience.
Club encourages junior golfers.
Club entrance immediately on right.
Club entrance immediately on the right.
Club entrance one right hand side.
Club establishes a publishing house, art gallery and performance space.
Club exchange Eight below whatever life onto none parents.
Club feet is where the bones in the ankle are in the wrong position, causing the ankle to twist.
Club fencing, riding, tennis and softball are also available.
Club fishes first weekend of each month unless it falls on a holiday.
Club fitting check, personal take home video tape, follow up letter and evaluation included.
Club focuses on issues and services for hearing impaired persons.
Club fold above the noise finally awoke auto racing digest magazine.
Club fungi live in marine, freshwater, and terrestrial habitats.
Club gathers monthly for supper and singing, sponsors six to eight concerts per year.
Club gives out a book per skater and records who has the book.
Club glove company specializes in golf bags and travel covers for golf clubs.
Club guide The latest news from clubland including, listings and club reviews.
Club handle wrapped with blue and red beadwork.
Club handle wrapped with stair step red and yellow beadwork.
Club handle wrapped with stair step white and cobalt blue beadwork.
Club handle wrapped with white and yellow beadwork.
Club head speed is the single most important factor to consider when determining shaft fit.
Club helps kids learn how to care for, train, and show goats and dogs.
Club helps sponsor a couple of local races.
Club helps to alleviate the pain and discomfort associated with our rigorous field of study.
Club hits sound great as well, and the balls shoot off the tee with a whack.
Club holds matches open to public, usually on weekends.
Club holds regular swapmeets and radio auctions.
Club house the members only forum for administrators and moderators.
Club impacts ball on downward part of the swing arc.
Club impacts SAND on downward part of the swing arc.
Club is approx.
Club is available for anyone with an interest in playing, umpiring or coaching Hockey.
Club is available in small and large versions.
Club is brand new.
Club is on target to meet forecasts.
Club is present.
Club isa organization.
Club lacks parental support.
Club listings and more.
Club listings etc.
Club logo merchandise for sale.
Club logos our specialty.
Club mark north of Jupiter Inlet and return.
Club meetings monthly, plus classes available.
Club meets ground precisely where the ball rests on the ground.
Club meets in Frederick, MD but the members are from all over the area.
Club meets in the Library.
Club meets in the Phoenix metro area.
Club meets monthly at various eating establishments in Winner, South Dakota.
Club meets monthly.
Club members a real opportunity to serve their country in wartime.
Club memebrs receieve t-shirts and a certificate of completion.
Club mixtures for improved stripe rust control are in use.
Club mosses , ferns , horestails , gymnosperms , and flowering plants are vascular plants.
Club mosses , ferns , horsetails , gymnosperms , and flowering plants are vascular plants.
Club mosses posses true roots, stems, and leaves . . . very similar to real . . .
Club mosses, ferns, horestails, gymnosperms, and flowering plants are vascular plants.
Club mosses, ferns, horsetails, gymnosperms, and flowering plants are vascular plants.
Club now maintains Web site and maillist only.
Club offers advertising space based on the following standards.
Club offers facilities and services include, restaurant, pro shop and driving range.
Club offers many ways of making money, some less obvious than others.
Club offers restaurant , pro shop and driving range services an facilities.
Club offers variety of activities and interest groups.
Club offers weekend three-day events, dressage and show jumping.
Club offers weekend three-day events, dressage, show jumping and combined training.
Club owners no longer fear bands with messy, dyed hair, earrings and tattoos.
Club pages including history and goal movies.
Club pages welcome and links by a reciprocative basis.
Club participates in charitable programs and public fund raising events.
Club participates in softball and volleyball.
Club plans, activities and functions involve all club members.
Club plants trees in park.
Club play and pre-arranged sets inc.
Club play and rules are simple allowing for great head to head competition.
Club play is taken very seriously and players practice regularly to improve their skills and speed.
Club play is the most demanding level of play that exists.
Club plays in Thames Valley, Hampshire combination and grassroots league.
Club points excessively left at the top of the swing.
Club points excessively right at the top of the swing.
Club Preserves tractors, farm machinery, stationary motors and steam operated engines.
Club produces the school newspaper.
Club Promote soil and water education and conservation.
Club promotes motorcycle racing in British Columbia, Canada.
Club promotes professional interests, leadership qualities and fraternal relationships.
Club provides dining and private dining services.
Club provides leadership opportunities for participating students.
Club puts up third tower, thanks to local donations.
Club racing - to offer access to the centre's professional cycling coaches, on a part time basis.
Club rallies welcome.
Club registrars only.
Club rental available on a limited basis.
Club reopens for play by members.
Club repeaters no longer hold the interest of today s ham.
Club reps, they are called.
Club reserves the right to add weight to vehicles in attempt to equalize competition.
Club results, games, news and bulletin board.
Club retains right of first refusal.
Club rides and events are generally open to all members and non-member guests.
Club rides available everyday of the year.
Club rides for some charities.
Club rides occur around the city and they are optional.
Club rules too.
Club runs and races, trips away, walking and social events.
Club runs itself after established through HS team trainers.
Club runs pro bookings.
Club sell labor hours for yard work, painting, and repairs.
Club sizes for kids and adults.
Club sponsors free birding trips for members to birding hotspots.
Club sponsors programs for canoeists of all ages and skill levelsincluding beginners.
Club still operates.
Club suckers small, in approximately eight series except at base.
Club suggest little New car quote with grass.
Club swingers toss up six and eight.
Club swings too much around the golfer.
Club take turns hosting afternoon socials and after-dinner gatherings at their clubs.
Club takes a look at TTs ram coolers.
Club teach Nature at lots today across none knives.
Club teaches kids gardening and kindness.
Club tells supporter.
Club tournaments for singles, doubles and mixed doubles.
Club trips to California, Nevada, and other places in the desert southwest.
Club turn under none sand although block jason alexander.
Club use with and without the speed cordzs.
Club wear and plus sizes available.
Club wear is a more trendy style.
Club welcomes new members who are interested in horses.
Club wins but new member feels pressured or rushed.
Club wonder Nature throughout lots today at none knives.
Club work and marketing co-operatives.
Club work throughout the counties of Tennessee.
Club work throughout the county.
Club work, and introduced soybeans and alfalfa as major crops in Iowa.
Club works for everyone.
Club works on community projects and sponsors college scholarships.
Club works with domestic zoo animals.
Club xxxtreme blonde with big tits For .
Clubs abound in almost every area of collecting.
Clubs abound to support every activity from triathlons to soccer games.
Clubs allow for greater attendance numbers.
Clubs allow users to post messages and photos for other members to read and view.
Clubs allow young people to explore diverse interests while helping to build unique skills.
Clubs already play an exhausting schedule, so adding games risks player injuries.
Clubs also allow users to create unlisted private clubs.
Clubs also appoint managers for teams.
Clubs also can allow students to reach out into their communities.
Clubs also can sell services provided by companies, such as long-distance service or phone cards.
Clubs also dance each week.
Clubs also form among members who all share a common trait.
Clubs also have different personalities.
Clubs also have social activities offering wonderful fellowship of snowmobilers.
Clubs also have weekly dues to cover cost of materials and special projects.
Clubs also hold recreational activities and community projects where the whole family is involved.
Clubs also host socialization outings to expand the puppies' experiences.
Clubs also keep their collective eye on the snowmobile trail . . .
Clubs also offer students a chance to hone their communication, leadership and business skills.
Clubs also offer students with special interests time to get together on a regular basis.
Clubs also plan and conduct carnivals, picnics and various celebrations.
Clubs also provide a number of religious activities for students.
Clubs also provide a way for alumni to channel concern, opinion and interest back to the university.
Clubs also provide ample opportunity for social interaction.
Clubs also receive funding through the sources listed in the next question.
Clubs also sponsor poker runs and closed course racing and some have regular meetings.
Clubs also try to build premature brand loyalty.
Clubs also use listserves and discussion groups to communicate among members.
Clubs also use security guards and train employees to spot potential troublemakers.
Clubs appearing in normal text denotes provisional participation.
Clubs are a big part of many students' lives.
Clubs are a five week session where kid's spend an hour a week having fun learning something new.
Clubs are a good opportunity to practice speaking Esperanto.
Clubs are a great way to learn about investing.
Clubs are a great way to meet other divers, find buddies and generally have a good time.
Clubs are a lot of fun too.
Clubs are a pretty crazy place to smoke.
Clubs are advocates for better roads and safe cycling.
Clubs are all available for rental.
Clubs are all in good shape with no gouges or metal dings.
Clubs are all over the world.
Clubs are also a great place to get new ideas and answers to questions.
Clubs are also available to rent at the course for an additional fee.
Clubs are also in a unique position to develop mechanizing add-ons to their tea service.
Clubs are also larger and therefore easier to catch when thrown from a great height or distance.
Clubs are always more expensive than bars.
Clubs are always open to having visitors attend their meetings.
Clubs are an excellent vehicle for networking with other devotees.
Clubs are an exciting way to spend some of that time.
Clubs are an important and underutilized connection.
Clubs are an important and vital component of the total educational experience.
Clubs are an important component of our learning environment.
Clubs are another big part of high school.
Clubs are association.
Clubs are avaible for hire.
Clubs are available at no extra charge.
Clubs are available for all students.
Clubs are available for checkout as well as golf balls by the bucket.
Clubs are available for hire, and motorised and hand carts are also available.
Clubs are available for hire.
Clubs are available for participants to use.
Clubs are available for rent.
Clubs are available for students with varying interests.
Clubs are available if needed.
Clubs are available to rent at the pro shop.
Clubs are black and white.
Clubs are both academic and career-oriented.
Clubs are busy planning numerous fundraisers, service projects and providing community service.
Clubs are capable of break bones.
Clubs are collections of Orienteers usually geographically proximate.
Clubs are community based and volunteer run.
Clubs are eager to attract societies to their course as the fees charged can be quite substantial.
Clubs are easier to monetize.
Clubs are either community based, or they are an extra-curricular activity on college campuses.
Clubs are essential to ensure grassroots development in cycling.
Clubs are for families and consist of one or two adults and however many children in the family.
Clubs are formed for bears to hang out with their own kind.
Clubs are free and easy to set up.
Clubs are free to choose any other color as well.
Clubs are fun and are open till five in the morning.
Clubs are graded and competitions are arranged for each grade.
Clubs are great and there is a lot to learn from kids globally.
Clubs are great for motivation and good guidance.
Clubs are great for providing a network of professional and social contacts.
Clubs are groups of Jewish students who wish to pursue a specific interest.
Clubs are highly structured - a mix of play, education and free time.
Clubs are i.e. from Poland, France, Germany, England, Russia, Lithuania, Italy, Holland etc.
Clubs are important when it comes to promoting trials in local areas.
Clubs are in a trap.
Clubs are in excellent condition.
Clubs are in fine shape and properties well maintained.
Clubs are in good condition, a couple have some minor dings,all hitting surfaces in good condition.
Clubs are in good shape.
Clubs are independent, yet they share many common features.
Clubs are ineligible for funding and office space during probation.
Clubs are item merchants, hence each selection is important.
Clubs are like families.
Clubs are limited to certain allotments for their travel and competitions.
Clubs are located in armories.
Clubs are located in golf bags.
Clubs are located in meeting places.
Clubs are made of people.
Clubs are more frequent than camps also, they require more devotion.
Clubs are more orderly.
Clubs are one level of participants in a competition.
Clubs are open all night.
Clubs are open to all and generally meet at lunchtime.
Clubs are open to all eligible students.
Clubs are open to all members at any time during hours of operation.
Clubs are open to all mothers of multiple birth children.
Clubs are open to all students.
Clubs are open to anyone who wishes to become a member.
Clubs are open to students with varying levels of skill and lots of spirit.
Clubs are open until five.
Clubs are open until late and provide upbeat music and great dance floors.
Clubs are personal.
Clubs are playing cards.
Clubs are practical, efficient, and affordable.
Clubs are present in every city and major town and are followed fanatically.
Clubs are private and require the founder's permission to join.
Clubs are private lawn bowling clubs.
Clubs are privates.
Clubs are removable.
Clubs are responsible for arranging their own fixtures.
Clubs are responsible for cleaning out the vans.
Clubs are responsible for maintaining their listings and providing accurate information.
Clubs are responsible for maintaining their own web pages.
Clubs are responsible for obtaining permission for usage rights.
Clubs are responsible for registration, fields, referees, and uniforms, per club policies.
Clubs are responsible for their customers' safety.
Clubs are serious and are run the way a business is run.
Clubs are social organizations.
Clubs are somewhat popular.
Clubs are sticks.
Clubs are student organized and operated.
Clubs are student-run, with voluntary assistance from faculty advisors.
Clubs are subject to change without notice.
Clubs are such an important part of the convention business.
Clubs are the foundation of organized cycling activity.
Clubs are the hight of social interaction.
Clubs are the main activities that go on during the school day.
Clubs are the most difficult objects to juggle.
Clubs are the only place left that do that, except very fine restaurants.
Clubs are the tools of roustabouts, axes of woodsmen, and hammers of smiths.
Clubs are to have already paid the fees.
Clubs are to maintain copies of the form for use.
Clubs are totally quiet.
Clubs are trumps.
Clubs are used for beating.
Clubs are used for beats.
Clubs are used for clubs.
Clubs are used for dances.
Clubs are used for dancing.
Clubs are used for puttings.
Clubs are used for weapons.
Clubs are usually for older crowds.
Clubs are usually open throughout the day and often into the late evening.
Clubs are volunteer led.
Clubs are volunteer-driven.
Clubs are welcome to make use at the full-time undergraduate faxing prices.
Clubs are within walking distance of the marina.
Clubs are wonderful sources of information, tips, tricks, inspiration, fellowship and much more.
Clubs are yellowish or grey.
Clubs attract people who want steady hours and security, managers agree.
Clubs belong to the students and depend on the studentbody for support.
Clubs bring much joy and enjoyment.
Clubs can afford to pay that kind of premium.
Clubs can also have their own pattern designed.
Clubs can also hold their members to high standards.
Clubs can also include sports.
Clubs can also provide a focus for working with local science-based companies and universities.
Clubs can also request co-sponsorships for specific events.
Clubs can also send event advertisements via email and newsgroups to a targeted group of students.
Clubs can bee meeting places for some groups.
Clubs can book the circuit, subject to availability.
Clubs can call for advice, ideas and help.
Clubs can call their respective area director and find out about the winner.
Clubs can continue to use the international versions of the services without any changes.
Clubs can earn money to finance special activities by working at the Paul Bunyan Show.
Clubs can enrich any local library's holdings on a wide variety of topics by use of the Internet.
Clubs can enroll at any time during the year.
Clubs can gain more cap dollars by releasing players or restructuring their contracts.
Clubs can get out of alignment through normal play.
Clubs can have logos .
Clubs can have logos.
Clubs can have non-shooting categories of membership such as associate, family, social or honorary.
Clubs can hold auctions for a small fee and keep the profits.
Clubs can issue their own membership awards.
Clubs can make the upcoming months of planning and the convention itself a club activity.
Clubs can meet any place which is large enough and convenient for all members of the group.
Clubs can obtain field test ribbons from any awards supplier that has the camo ribbon available.
Clubs can open paper accounts to charge their paper to.
Clubs can post news and information relating to their activities.
Clubs can post their needs for entertainment.
Clubs can publish bylaws or membership rosters.
Clubs can reserve tables for recruiting and promotional activities throughout the year.
Clubs can set-up info.
Clubs can support banquets, parties, and catering on a contract basis.
Clubs can then order copies of all desired photos.
Clubs cater to fans of comedy, big band, rave, line dancing, and techno entertainment.
Clubs change each trimester per student interest.
Clubs change every semester, so pick up the current club bookmark in our office.
Clubs change formats without notice.
Clubs change periodically throughout the year.
Clubs change three times a year - at each trimester break.
Clubs chat room lexicon .
Clubs choose their own members.
Clubs collect cans of food to help feed the hungry in their own community.
Clubs come and go, but fraternities survive the test of time.
Clubs come direct from pros and are in excellent condition.
Clubs come in a variety of types and sizes.
Clubs come with shafts of steel, aluminum, graphite and titanium.
Clubs come, clubs go.
Clubs compete in local and county competitions.
Clubs compete with each other in ten competitive events.
Clubs compete with similar teams from other universities.
Clubs compete with their resident kangaroos, and the magnificent coastal views.
Clubs complain most attendees come to be entertained.
Clubs compose music electronically using the computer and keyboard.
Clubs conduct interview and selection process.
Clubs continue to be offered with student multimedia and web page products produced.
Clubs cost too much.
Clubs covering the Long Island area and Northern New Jersey also exist.
Clubs create equal access to learning resources.
Clubs created by and for the fans to help show support for their team.
Clubs define and agree standard schemas for specific purposes.
Clubs depart for home.
Clubs differ in scope and purpose.
Clubs differ in their approach to their sport.
Clubs disguise commercial messages.
Clubs do have the right to exclude.
Clubs do play an integral role in a students social life.
Clubs earn a percentage of the profits depending on how many slots they choose to work.
Clubs elect an executive from their members.
Clubs elect officers, conduct meetings and business, and plan activities for the members.
Clubs encourage growth in every aspect of a student's life.
Clubs encourage students.
Clubs enhance one's community, cultural values, beliefs, and ideology.
Clubs enjoy special distribution priviledges.
Clubs exist for Scrabble and backgammon.
Clubs exist for the benefit of their members.
Clubs exist in every part of Britain and in many countries overseas.
Clubs exist on both extremes of the spectrum.
Clubs exist on local, county, district, state, national, and international levels.
Clubs exist, and it's like a contest to see who can memorize the most digits.
Clubs Find history, membership details and event information for the UK's tennis clubs.
Clubs Find people.
Clubs generally meet three times per month on the weekends.
Clubs generally provide a more secure environment for people to enjoy electronic music.
Clubs get a free table.
Clubs get more than two-thirds of the revenues from television rights payments.
Clubs Get ready to enter the dance zone .
Clubs give members a compelling reason to return again and again.
Clubs go in and out of existence.
Clubs Go to previous page.
Clubs grow from student interest such as recycling, drama, gardening, games, chess and sports.
Clubs have a treasury to keep funds for the use of the club.
Clubs have benefits.
Clubs have differing facilities.
Clubs have evolutionary benefits.
Clubs have flat surfaces.
Clubs have full authority to regulate conventions in games conducted solely at their clubs.
Clubs have inexpensive meals such as steak, fish, chicken schnitzels or sometimes Chinese.
Clubs have membership subscription, contact for further details.
Clubs have something to offer everyone.
Clubs have special programs for teens.
Clubs have surfaces.
Clubs have the option of importing club information from their current software solution.
Clubs have the option of visiting some Portland area apprenticeship training centers.
Clubs have the option to pass a policy or bylaw which requires membership approval.
Clubs have their own agendas.
Clubs have their own board of directors and committees.
Clubs have to be very, very aggressive.
Clubs have to comp the door on weekdays.
Clubs have to have customers.
Clubs have to make money.
Clubs have to take responsibility for their own funds.
Clubs have various members belonging to other clubs.
Clubs have various purposes.
Clubs Help .
Clubs Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Clubs Help for more information.
Clubs help local youth develop into responsible, self-directed, productive citizens of the world.
Clubs help section.
Clubs help the public respect dog mushers as well as the dogs as true athletes.
Clubs here are more trend-conscious, as are the customers.
Clubs hire trainers.
Clubs hold business meetings.
Clubs hold meetings on a regular basis, elect officers, complete and submit enrollment forms.
Clubs hold meetings.
Clubs hold parties.
Clubs hold regular meetings and projects in which members are in contact with each other .
Clubs hold regular meetings and projects in which members are in contact with each other.
Clubs hold regular meetings.
Clubs host open tournaments throughout the year.
Clubs host the participants and recruit local businesses which provide pro bono training.
Clubs increase social opportunities - for parents and students alike.
Clubs invite their members to games and sport.
Clubs Join a political community.
Clubs last one hour.
Clubs line the boardwalk.
Clubs link on the right side of the page.
Clubs live off of the dance music.
Clubs make a wider selection of expert knowledge available to more learners.
Clubs make decisions.
Clubs manage their own portfolios, trading and research.
Clubs meet after school.
Clubs meet and invest monthly.
Clubs meet at least twice a month and elect officers annually.
Clubs meet at schools, homes, conference rooms or churches.
Clubs meet before school, during lunch, and after school.
Clubs meet for at least nine sessions during the year and have a planned program.
Clubs meet for at least six sessions during the year and have a planned program.
Clubs meet in homes, schools, churches, neighborhood centers, and day care centers.
Clubs meet in public, private, Christian and home school settings.
Clubs meet monthly.
Clubs meet on out of school time and are based in school buildings.
Clubs meet once a week, and members generally pay monthly dues, instead of paying per dance.
Clubs meet once or twice per month and each member works on a project.
Clubs meet regularly to exchange seeds, produce, tools, and ideas.
Clubs meet usually once a month or more often and have various activities.
Clubs meet weekly or bi-weekly, with some clubs meeting after school and others in the evening.
Clubs meet weekly, twice monthly, or monthly.
Clubs meet weekly.
Clubs meet where, when and as often as they wish, once a week to once a month.
Clubs meet year round.
Clubs normally hold three to four events each year.
Clubs offer a great way to bring together family, friends, and associates on the Web.
Clubs offer a program of instruction, competition or recreational outlets.
Clubs offer activities like sports, philanthropy, and academics.
Clubs offer dancing and entertainment, as well.
Clubs offer educational seminars, social functions and horse shows.
Clubs offer message boards,private chat with other club members and voice chat.
Clubs offer opportunities for all levels of experience and expertise.
Clubs offer training facilities along with the ability to later hire aircraft from the club fleet.
Clubs offering faceting classes and programs are ideal vehicles for getting started with faceting.
Clubs offers two scholarships a year for students to study in Germany.
Clubs organise a social calendar, and also take part in community service and fundraising.
Clubs organise trips to white water all over the country and sometimes abroad.
Clubs organize a number of common events.
Clubs organize a number of common programs.
Clubs parade in carrying their flags and showing off their award vests.
Clubs paradiseislandsartmuseum A great place for artists to display their work online.
Clubs participate in community service projects and other special activities for members.
Clubs pay a one time fee upon joining.
Clubs pay a one-time application upon joining.
Clubs pay an annual fee plus a sum per member to cover insurance.
Clubs pay to hire the track and are reimbursed by their members.
Clubs perform a wide variety of services to the youth of their communities.
Clubs perform community service with little fanfare or publicity.
Clubs perform movement.
Clubs play anything from traditional African music to traditional American music.
Clubs provide a wide variety of activities for interested children.
Clubs provide age-appropriate activities based on the interests and needs of members.
Clubs provide an excellent oportunity to learn more about fishing.
Clubs provide an opportunity for youth to interact with their peers in a positive environment.
Clubs provide an opportunity to network.
Clubs provide each member the opportunity to develop oral communication and leadership skills.
Clubs provide opportunities to meet and interact with business professionals.
Clubs provide the judges, referees, timekeepers, tatami and catering.
Clubs provide the location for the auction and the attendees.
Clubs provides groups and individuals with a new way to meet, work and communicate with each other.
Clubs range from middle school to adults and are known around the world.
Clubs range from national organizations to gathering of people for share an interest.
Clubs range from religious or culturally based to public service, music or art.
Clubs range from seedy dives to posh discos.
Clubs range in size and are organized regionally.
Clubs range in size from as small as a county to as large as several states.
Clubs range in size from quite small rural based groups to large city groups.
Clubs range in terms of size.
Clubs receive application form and instructions in the spring.
Clubs receive quarterly checks for the life of the referral.
Clubs receive recognition from the District for meeting established goals.
Clubs receive reports on each car, along with red and green stickers.
Clubs recognize larger pledges with the appropriate plaques, lapel pins, and certificates.
Clubs remind members of a gracious hotel with style and a focus on product quality and service.
Clubs represent various occupational interests from business and industry to recreational areas.
Clubs rock all night.
Clubs see themselves as grassroots organizations that most accurately reflect the view of voters.
Clubs seeking affiliation include handball, scuba diving, and skateboarding.
Clubs select in reverse order of their standing from the preceding season.
Clubs send representatives.
Clubs send the form to the governor and copy their area director.
Clubs shape their local agendas to suit particular community needs.
Clubs show a lot of spirit when it comes to their community too.
Clubs show ceremonial dress or even everyday wear.
Clubs slide in and out easily.
Clubs soon sweep the nation.
Clubs sound nice.
Clubs spend millions on players.
Clubs sponsor a variety of interesting activities.
Clubs sponsor the contest for local schools or organized, sponsored youth groups.
Clubs start in a number of ways.
Clubs start or join a movie club.
Clubs stimulate interest in different fields.
Clubs strive to have members of various occupations, viewpoints and ages.
Clubs study their communities and initiate local action where it is needed.
Clubs take a variety of forms, both single-gender and mixed as well as large and small.
Clubs take place every afternoon and, in the case of trips, carry on over two nights.
Clubs tend to be quite specialised in terms of the music they play.
Clubs tend to develop around interactive and participatory activities.
Clubs try to avoid penalties in the playoffs.
Clubs typically compete against East Coast college and university teams.
Clubs typically compete against Midwest colleges and university teams.
Clubs typically form to share gymnasium rental fees for weekly practices.
Clubs use a survey for a variety of reasons.
Clubs use foam to create a unique atmosphere on the dance floor.
Clubs use public awareness and education activities to promote the use of solar cooking technology.
Clubs use vintage rules to minimize costly damage to cars.
Clubs vary considerably in size, personality, and range of activities.
Clubs vary from year to year, reflecting the changing interests of the student body.
Clubs vary in focus and programming since the membership manages the operation of the club.
Clubs vary in size and structure, but everyone goes to the gliding club for the same reason, to fly.
Clubs vary in what they provide.
Clubs vary widely with regard to whether they enforce their rules or ignore any violations .
Clubs vary widely with regard to whether they enforce their rules or ignore any violations.
Clubs welcome new members and can be as much fun off the water as on.
Clubs work individually and through their districts to prevent and treat blinding eye disease.
Clubs work to preserve natural resources, promote education and encourage healthy lifestyles.
Clubs often advertise through stores.
Clubs often elect officers and committee chairs.
Clubs often have a variety of events and programs that are open to members.
Clubs often reserve blocks of rooms for special cadet events.
Clubs usually charge a day use fee and an additional fee to stay overnight.
Clubs usually charge dues on top of the world dues.
Clubs usually have food and entertainment.
Clubs usually have no dues or cost requirements beyond actual expenses.
Clubs usually have their own cap and no unauthorised head wear is permitted.
Clubs usually have two to three events per year.
Clubs usually meet monthly.
Clubs usually meet weekly on campus and everyone is welcome to join at anytime.
Clubs usually provide either valet parking or a parking lot with ample parking space.
All clubs accept both couples and singles.
All clubs are available as a custom order in any flex.
All clubs are basically self-sustaining.
All clubs are busy planning for special fundraisers for the year.
All clubs are co-recreational and open to persons of various levels of skill.
All clubs are different.
All clubs are encourage to participate.
All clubs are fabulous places.
All clubs are hand-assembled and swingweighted.
All clubs are men's righthanded.
All clubs are open to all students and all grades except where noted.
All clubs are open to all students.
All clubs are open to all youth regardless of race, color, national origin, sex, or disability.
All clubs are open to any level of skill in the sport.
All clubs are open to participants regardless of skill level.
All clubs are open to students, faculty and staff.
All clubs are responsible for continuous cleanup of all park areas.
All clubs are responsible for maintaining their own websites.
All clubs are right handed and images are available.
All clubs are steel shafted with free headcovers included.
All clubs are steel-shafted.
All clubs are student established and student run.
All clubs are student run and student initiated.
All clubs are student-governed with a faculty adviser.
All clubs are student-run.
All clubs are visible for easy selection and removal.
All clubs are welcome.
All clubs can participate in one ceremony.
All clubs carry a full manufacturers warranty covering parts and assembly.
All clubs cater for beginners.
All clubs come equipped with the Contacts feature.
All clubs come with a full manufactures warranty covering parts and assembly.
All clubs exist for hams to help each other in one way or another.
All clubs gather together at the end of the time for singing and a time of sharing.
All clubs have a range of equipment suitable for beginners to learn the basic technique.
All clubs have a staff of club officers.
All clubs have by-laws.
All clubs have community service requirements.
All clubs have loft, even the putter.
All clubs have loft.
All clubs have silver handles, white body, and various color combinations.
All clubs have someone in charge of setting up the game schedule from season to season.
All clubs have the usual facilities i.e. changing including showers catering and bar.
All clubs hold election of officers.
All clubs listed are easily accessible by streetcar, bus or taxi from anywhere within New Orleans.
All clubs listed are in the Cincinnati, Ohio, area unless otherwise indicated.
All clubs make mistakes.
All clubs meet in designated classrooms at times convenient to their members.
All clubs offer excellent playing and clubhouse facilities.
All clubs offer insurance which can be purchased on site.
All clubs offer opportunities for all levels of experience and expertise.
All clubs participate in trail clearing and trail maintenance.
All clubs play one home and one away fixture each summer season.
All clubs require dues from their members in order to support their activities.
All clubs require dues from their membership in order to support their activities.
All clubs require participation and labor from their members in order to run their racing programs.
All clubs require the payment of dues.
All clubs welcome any interested student.
All clubs welcome, please respect others views.
Any club can call a rules meeting, and propose a change.
Any club can sign up to sell pizza.
Any club has to have good pitching.
Any club lead beats the slam if South has one of the first three holdings.
Any club needs new young talent every year.
Any club wanting a display area or a table to sell items for a fundraiser can have space.
Every club also needs a constitution and a ready-made form is provided for that purpose.
Every club can do it.
Every club can have a ticket dispensing machine at no cost.
Every club carries a full five year warranty.
Every club comes with manufacturer's legendary no-quibble guarantee.
Every club contributes to the school and community with a service project .
Every club does different activities depending on what topic the club members want to explore.
Every club follows a similar agenda, each exercise comes from the same manuals.
Every club gets a free copy.
Every club has a constitution and is regulated by bylaws.
Every club has a karaoke room.
Every club has a manager, sometimes former instructors, running outstanding operations.
Every club has a reputation, good, mediocre or bad.
Every club has a unique character.
Every club has an adult leader, but it's the kids who decide what interests to pursue.
Every club has an English-language program of some type.
Every club has an executive board and most have chairs and committee members.
Every club has an idea or story to share.
Every club has at least a dozen NRIs.
Every club has similar resources.
Every club has some equipment.
Every club has something unusual about it.
Every club has space on the board for club communications.
Every club has that one person that no one can beat.
Every club has the opportunity to imput information to the association.
Every club has to do it.
Every club has to have money that they can count on to operate.
Every club has wrestlers at different levels of physical condition.
Every club is affiliated with a state association.
Every club is different.
Every club is required.
Every club is unique.
Every club meets once a week to cultivate friendship and to discuss service projects.
Every club needs a videographer for special events to stream the video on their website.
Every club needs four quality strikers.
Every club needs leadership.
Every club organizes several tournaments during the season.
Every club requires it's members to pay a fee.
Every club sell 'stuff' to raise money.
Every club supports the live acts.
Every club swings easily and feels great.
Every club welcomes volunteers for their meets.
Many club have concessions for juniors.
Many clubs alread do partnerships.
Many clubs also award scholarships to deserving graduates to further their education.
Many clubs also conduct organized membership building contests.
Many clubs also have their own boats.
Many clubs also hold open days.
Many clubs also host parties catering to a queer clientele.
Many clubs also offer air rifles for beginner or junior biathletes.
Many clubs also offer complimentary drinks, a place for a short nap and office facilities.
Many clubs also offers live music in weeknights.
Many clubs also organize community service projects.
Many clubs also provide vitamins, food supplements, and herbal treatments.
Many clubs are active within both fields and are members of both organisations.
Many clubs are happy to accept visitors without a handicap certificate.
Many clubs are in stock and ship the next business day from Dallas.
Many clubs are into education and do reptile shows.
Many clubs are open all night.
Many clubs are open seven days a week, while others are closed on Sundays.
Many clubs are teams, so the two are combined here.
Many clubs are very couple based.
Many clubs arrange their own transportation.
Many clubs become eligible for university funding simply by registering on campus.
Many clubs boast about how good they are.
Many clubs choose to honor members or grant memorial contributions in memory of a member or spouse.
Many clubs claim to be diverse, but talk is cheap when people see the same type of people in a club.
Many clubs collect old eye glasses for distribution to the needy in other countries.
Many Clubs collect old eye glasses for distribution to the needy in other countries.
Many clubs collect old eyeglasses for distribution to the needy in other countries.
Many clubs come in petite lengths and a left hand option.
Many clubs compete against other schools, while others exist for instruction and recreation.
Many clubs conduct special events for children, such as carnivals or picnics.
Many clubs engage in activities where students are able to connect with the community.
Many clubs enjoy the fun of an attendance prize donated by the members.
Many clubs exist and are open most nights of the week until late.
Many clubs exist in the area, bringing people together for a common cause.
Many clubs exist on campus which involve career development.
Many clubs focus only on wines from one specific region.
Many clubs have a code of ethics, maybe even a specific code of proper conduct for breeders.
Many clubs have a community service project and fundraisers.
Many clubs have a discussion period after the showing to further new ideas and processes.
Many clubs have a slalom course and jumps.
Many clubs have a training car or cars.
Many clubs have adoption programs.
Many clubs have an organizational leader and several project and activity leaders.
Many clubs have children's teams as well.
Many clubs have deals that waive initial joining fees for groups, and have lower monthly rates.
Many clubs have different committees for each meeting.
Many clubs have equipment for hire.
Many clubs have interesting events planned in the near future.
Many clubs have members from all over the country.
Many clubs have members who have thru-hiked.
Many clubs have more than one partnership.
Many clubs have more women players than men.
Many clubs have other sports or social activities and meet year-round.
Many clubs have parents or local community members as sponsors.
Many clubs have special activities arranged leading up to the festive season.
Many clubs have special events for members-only.
Many clubs have special programs and membership rates for recent graduates.
Many clubs have the professional's name impressed on their head or shaft.
Many clubs have their own training days and places.
Many clubs have washrooms, or coffee and other refreshments that are far away from the tables.
Many clubs have wax workers doing the deejay thing.
Many clubs have web sites.
Many clubs hold fundraisers in order to earn enough funds to travel and participate.
Many clubs hold lip reading classes.
Many clubs hold regular social evenings or training sessions.
Many clubs hold weekly meetings.
Many clubs host informal fun shoots and league shoots and have lights.
Many clubs impose fines for shooting the wrong deer.
Many clubs join with other colleges' alumni groups for programs and social events.
Many clubs keep a low profile and build up a cadre of regular patrons.
Many clubs limit their exposure through strict dress codes on gang wear and rave clothes.
Many clubs loan out their buzzers to other student groups for annual trivia events.
Many clubs meet during lunch instead of after school.
Many clubs meet for an hour or two after school or in the evening.
Many clubs meet monthly in real time.
Many clubs meet monthly, others bi-monthly, and yet others more infrequently.
Many clubs meet on family night at the church.
Many clubs never meet their sponsored students.
Many clubs now advertise their activities on Web sites.
Many clubs now pay the registration fee on behalf of their coaches.
Many clubs offer a range of entertainments including live folk music, jazz and pop.
Many clubs offer certificates of membership, newsletters, and signed photos of the star.
Many clubs offer postpartum exercise classes that welcome babies.
Many clubs offer postpartum exercise classes where babies are welcome.
Many clubs offer small lakes, but few, if any, find golfers playing beside a huge body of water.
Many clubs offer special arrangements for starting pilots.
Many clubs operate on a drop-in basis.
Many clubs operate sanctioned tournaments from time to time during the year.
Many clubs organise both social and playing events with a calendar spanning the whole year.
Many clubs organize a year round schedule of sporting and social events.
Many clubs organize training runs or provide classes.
Many clubs own claims for the exclusive use of their members.
Many clubs own direction-finding equipment for fox hunts and interference solving.
Many clubs plan local events or community display boards.
Many clubs play matches at indoor arenas during the winter months.
Many clubs post their meeting information on the Internet as well.
Many clubs promote bicycle safety through safety town education programs and bicycle rodeos.
Many clubs provide live entertainment.
Many clubs provide markers.
Many clubs put on a scale contest of some kind.
Many clubs rave until the wee hours of the morning.
Many clubs rely on farmers for the land on which they hold their events.
Many clubs represent most of the major ethnic and religious groups.
Many clubs require a membership fee, but offer little or no financial value.
Many clubs require the services of a doorman or security guard because key duplication is so easy.
Many clubs seek additional information, both on their own teams and on forthcoming opponents.
Many clubs sell small bags of peanuts in their canister collection efforts.
Many clubs set no membership limit.
Many clubs share large tools so that each member has less to bring to the crops.
Many clubs sit around for a year or longer and never make any investments.
Many clubs sponsor special clinics for kids.
Many clubs strongly encourage parents to attend all meetings with their children.
Many clubs supply food baskets for the poor on a regular basis.
Many clubs travel to tournaments all over the eastern seaboard and in some cases across the country.
Many clubs try to maintain gender balance, and discourage men in large groups.
Many clubs try to tote around the term upscale but very few deliver that upscale atmosphere.
Many clubs use lottery or ballot systems to allocate their tee times.
Many clubs use the atword to recognize theri volunteer leaders.
Many clubs welcome non-members at specific events for an admission fee.
More clubs are including shade shelters along with water fountains and chairs.
More clubs mean more bands.
Most clubs allow at least two free workouts.
Most clubs allow cancellation up to the shipping date.
Most clubs allow expectant moms to attend meetings.
Most clubs allow free one-time visits to check out the facility.
Most clubs also establish bylaws .
Most clubs also establish bylaws or Operating procedures that every club member needs to approve.
Most clubs also publish a newsletter that is part of the membership.
Most clubs also publish photo annuals containing photos of guest photographers and members.
Most clubs also publish their own newsletter.
Most clubs also require a two-drink minimum.
Most clubs also share information with their members through their local newsletters.
Most clubs are active year round.
Most clubs are active year-round.
Most clubs are an hour long, unless otherwise stated in their activity descriptions.
Most clubs are ARRL affilated.
Most clubs are far from developmental even though their literature claims as such.
Most clubs are more willing to deal on the initiation fee than their monthly fee.
Most clubs are open to all students and provide areas for leadership and growth.
Most clubs are open to all students.
Most clubs are open to visitors.
Most clubs are seasonal.
Most clubs are so full of their own something that there is no room for anything to be created.
Most clubs are somewhat semi-formal.
Most clubs are suitable for children.
Most clubs are understaffed and over worked so they love to have help.
Most clubs are very willing to help new members get started.
Most clubs are within a ten minute drive of food supplies and all clubs have drinking water on site.
Most clubs arrange minor tournaments, especially for football.
Most clubs arrange occasional speakers on interesting and useful topics.
Most clubs believe the current system is full of anomalies.
Most clubs charge an initiation fee and also charge dues, most often on a annual basis.
Most clubs charge initiation fees and monthly membership fees.
Most clubs charge less for short-handed games.
Most clubs charge the chosen monarch a fee to rule over the krewe.
Most clubs charge the selected monarch a fee to reign.
Most clubs charge yearly dues to cover the cost of printing and mailing fan club materials.
Most clubs comp the door.
Most clubs cost only a few dollars to join, or are free, and give back much in return.
Most clubs dance in the evenings, but some dance during the day.
Most clubs dont' allow shorts, slippers or hats nor do the finer restaurants.
Most clubs elect a presdient, vice president, secretary, treasurer, and reporter.
Most clubs elect a president, vice president, secretary, treasurer, and reporter.
Most clubs elect their show managers up to a year in advance of the show date.
Most clubs encourage students.
Most clubs find that staffing needs are slightly lowered with buffets.
Most clubs focus on recreational activities.
Most clubs furnish new members with a copy for hanging in their offices.
Most clubs get together once per month, share lots of info and e-mail.
Most clubs have a common permanent layout that all members contribute to and operate.
Most clubs have a few social activities of various sorts throughout the year.
Most clubs have a flight school scheduled in the spring for new pilots.
Most clubs have a heck of a time keeping track of their money.
Most clubs have a meeting and a tournament once a month.
Most clubs have a mix of serious skaters and recreational skaters.
Most clubs have a newsletter.
Most clubs have a number of historical notices and photographs that with time can become lost.
Most clubs have a preferred class.
Most clubs have a race team members can join.
Most clubs have a shtick.
Most clubs have all officers sign the signature card and require two signatures on a check.
Most clubs have an annual membership.
Most clubs have basic breed info and debunk common myths about the breed.
Most clubs have beginners classes at least every second year.
Most clubs have benefits.
Most clubs have breakfast or lunch meetings, some having dinner meetings.
Most clubs have dues which are payable at the time of signing up.
Most clubs have enough players to field a side.
Most clubs have evolutionary benefits.
Most clubs have flat surfaces.
Most clubs have meals with their meetings.
Most clubs have modest annual dues.
Most clubs have no requirements for joining.
Most clubs have official and unofficial pages linked to one or more of the above pages.
Most clubs have old, worn-out, obsolete equipment that is never upgraded.
Most clubs have past results and stewards reports.
Most clubs have practice targets set up for the shooters.
Most clubs have quality hire equipment available at reasonable rates.
Most clubs have regular meetings, which include talks on herp topics and workshops.
Most clubs have regular outings and events both in Michigan and surrounding states.
Most clubs have round dancing between tips.
Most clubs have someone on hand at a practice to test the dog as a clean runner.
Most clubs have special events like tours, curling bonspiels and activities for the whole family.
Most clubs have specials and offer discounts to make playing a round of golf affordable.
Most clubs have specials and offer discounts to make playing a round of golf an affordable task.
Most clubs have surfaces.
Most clubs have their own ice facility and clubrooms.
Most clubs have their own way of moving information.
Most clubs have training grounds for their members.
Most clubs hire trainers.
Most clubs hold a beginners class once a year and it is held on the normal club night.
Most clubs hold business meetings.
Most clubs hold meetings.
Most clubs hold monthly meetings attended by members and sometimes their parents.
Most clubs hold monthly meetings attended by members and their parents.
Most clubs hold parties.
Most clubs hold regular meetings and occasional events.
Most clubs hold regular meetings.
Most clubs hold regular practices for the purpose of training new hounds.
Most clubs hold regular recreational rides and trailwork sessions.
Most clubs hold several special events or races during the season.
Most clubs make decisions.
Most clubs meet after school hours, but club activities permeate the school day.
Most clubs meet at least once a month.
Most clubs meet four times a year.
Most clubs meet monthly to conduct club business and participate in many fun activities.
Most clubs meet monthly.
Most clubs meet once a month near or at our store locations.
Most clubs meet once or twice a month all year long, depending on what the group wants to do.
Most clubs meet once or twice per month at times which are convenient for their adult leaders.
Most clubs meet weekly, but some meet twice weekly and some meet only once a month.
Most clubs meet weekly, with coaching usually available locally.
Most clubs now operate a safe drugs policy by employing retarded people to test the drugs.
Most clubs offer a FREE club membership to members of the press.
Most clubs offer a lineup of musicians who all sound pretty much the same.
Most clubs offer a separate class in which women can compete in addition to the overall competition.
Most clubs offer a wide range of activities and organized hikes for members.
Most clubs offer an information pack or brochure.
Most clubs offer discounts with motels and hotels.
Most clubs offer several classes of membership with costs varying accordingly.
Most clubs offer the typical domestic, as well as imported beers.
Most clubs offer year-round, as well as off season memberships.
Most clubs only begin to fill up around midnight.
Most clubs organise tours and events.
Most clubs organize field trips to collect minerals or fossils.
Most clubs organize regular rides, trailwork sessions and social events.
Most clubs perform movement.
Most clubs prefer to meet once a month, although some do meet more often.
Most clubs produce a range of fact sheets, brochures and fliers.
Most clubs provide around two hours of free or minimum cost child care .
Most clubs provide excellent lunches and sometimes dinner at very reasonable prices.
Most clubs publish their own periodical newsletter.
Most clubs recruit new member during the first few weeks of school.
Most clubs report a loss during their first year.
Most clubs require a small fee per term.
Most clubs require contributions in the twenty to fifty dollar range each month.
Most clubs require players to wear eye protection.
Most clubs run barbecues and other food stalls at regattas during the year as fundraisers.
Most clubs run taster sessions to try to get students to join the clubs.
Most clubs say they have no official door policy.
Most clubs send representatives.
Most clubs shoot on a monthly basis and the regularly scheduled monthly matches are listed.
Most clubs sponsor club-organized training programs at very little cost.
Most clubs sponsor collecting field trips, guest lectures, and newsletters.
Most clubs start with friends, family or co-workers.
Most clubs still send catalogues and order forms via U.S. mail at least once a month.
Most clubs supplement their budget through membership fees and fund raising.
Most clubs take a full three years for the striking process.
Most clubs throw in the FA Cup with season tickets.
Most clubs try to have a guest speaker or other light entertainment at each meeting.
Most clubs use a points system and send the top six.
Most clubs utilize volunteer coaching who provide practice and game direction.
Most clubs view their success by the size of their trophy cabinet.
Most clubs welcome children and encourage families to join.
Most clubs welcome visitors, but it is best to telephone in advance, particularly at weekends.
Some club just needs the courage to give it another try.
Some clubs accept membership only from adults, some cater to younger athletes.
Some clubs advertise for members.
Some clubs agree to give the exiting member cash or transfer one or more stock certificates.
Some clubs already have ideas for the money.
Some clubs also have events in swimming, bicycling, skating or skiing.
Some clubs also have one night a month designated as a running night.
Some clubs also have teams in other sports, such as wrestling.
Some clubs also offer aqua exercise classes.
Some clubs also offer parenting programs and resources.
Some clubs also pay referees to officiate recreational matches.
Some clubs also sell food at their walks.
Some clubs analyze one stock a month, while other clubs research and present more companies.
Some clubs are better than others.
Some clubs are big, some small.
Some clubs are casual and invite anyone to join or listen.
Some clubs are flat out doomed.
Some clubs are for fun and games.
Some clubs are for fun.
Some clubs are free, others involve a cost.
Some clubs are geared to young people, some cater to gays, some are all-purpose scenes.
Some clubs are here today, gone tomorrow.
Some clubs are intensely competitive, requiring a daily commitment to workouts and conditioning.
Some clubs are more strict than others about whom and what cars they allow in.
Some clubs are open to faculty, staff, alumni, and community members.
Some clubs are perhaps too small to host their own workshops.
Some clubs are required to pay for pool time, others can just request it.
Some clubs are willing to lose millions of dollars in that quest for the ring.
Some clubs ask celebrants to contribute a penny per year to the birthday bank.
Some clubs become interest.
Some clubs begin with a set of rules while others just gather informally on an occasional basis.
Some clubs can arrange accommodation, golf, tennis, sailing and local tours.
Some clubs carry additional coverage for certain projects.
Some clubs charge a small fee, some are free.
Some clubs charge extra for each.
Some clubs charge membership dues.
Some clubs choose to hold a garden tour or fashion show on our behalf.
Some clubs choose to only allow odd or even channels on their field.
Some clubs collect trash along roads, visit nursing homes, or even visit local government meetings.
Some clubs compete at the intercollegiate level, while others offer informal instruction.
Some clubs compete on a national level, while others offer a more relaxed setting.
Some clubs dance in the afternoon and others in the evening.
Some clubs decide by having a general meeting, others by the opinions of their committee.
Some clubs derive their entire service budgets from their stands.
Some clubs desire a program for club finances.
Some clubs do also charge a nominal class fee in addition.
Some clubs do better with hamstrings than others.
Some clubs do good jobs.
Some clubs do jobs.
Some clubs do offer scholarships and that is an issue with many other clubs.
Some clubs draw lots at the start of the day to give everyone a fair chance of the best spots.
Some clubs emphasize leadership potential or good grades as prerequisites for membership.
Some clubs emphasize the quiet peaceful surroundings reminiscent of the British club tradition.
Some clubs even admit that more matches equals more money.
Some clubs even give membership certificates suit able for framing.
Some clubs even give membership certificates suitable for framing.
Some clubs even have their own chat lines and are rapidly building networks to the envy of all.
Some clubs even have their own golf courses.
Some clubs even have their very own web page.
Some clubs even have workshops for novices.
Some clubs even install indoor golfing facilities for winter use.
Some clubs even offer climbing walls and high altitude training chambers.
Some clubs even offer high altitude training chambers.
Some clubs even provide private accommodations at their clubhouse.
Some clubs exist independent from larger organizations.
Some clubs give the award and celebrate the recipient at a club event.
Some clubs gradually become near-sighted without ever noticing the change.
Some clubs have a different name than their home course.
Some clubs have a focus such as horses, horticulture or rabbits.
Some clubs have a good excuse.
Some clubs have a lower rate and receive some free ice for testing.
Some clubs have a no single policy while others are more liberal toward single visitors.
Some clubs have a noise limit.
Some clubs have a policy regarding admittance of single individuals either male or female.
Some clubs have a recreational class in their race classes.
Some clubs have a special focus, or project, and target a specific section of the running community.
Some clubs have accounts with both types of brokers.
Some clubs have agreements with landowners to allow hikers and skiers.
Some clubs have an annual 'monkey' golf tournament.
Some clubs have an audition night.
Some clubs have annual convention.
Some clubs have big banners with the club's name and logo.
Some clubs have cabins, trailers, or other facilites for visitors to rent.
Some clubs have committee chairmen.
Some clubs have compasses to rent.
Some clubs have convention.
Some clubs have dehumidification systems.
Some clubs have dogs.
Some clubs have extra details.
Some clubs have field trips and other interesting and fun activities.
Some clubs have home pages.
Some clubs have hostesses who expect to be bought drinks and snacks.
Some clubs have housing facilities available.
Some clubs have jackets that the members wear.
Some clubs have junior leaders, who usually assist running the club.
Some clubs have live music regularly or occasionally, some run almost entirely using recorded music.
Some clubs have more expenses for equipment and travel.
Some clubs have more members than others.
Some clubs have no clubhouse and consider themselves to be strong cruising clubs.
Some clubs have no players at all.
Some clubs have one night a month designated as a running night.
Some clubs have open practices.
Some clubs have project leaders who hold meetings for members.
Some clubs have restrictions or are associated with a particular corporation.
Some clubs have rules for their members.
Some clubs have seats.
Some clubs have small study groups, usually around three people, who do the same thing.
Some clubs have special student nights.
Some clubs have specific introductory courses in trail maintenance.
Some clubs have teen leaders, who usually assist adult leaders in running the club.
Some clubs have their information brought to the world by Internet.
Some clubs have their own web pages.
Some clubs have thin shafts.
Some clubs have traditional ties to the local foxhunting community.
Some clubs have web pages which contain contact details.
Some clubs help experience.
Some clubs hire off duty law enforcement officers to provide security.
Some clubs hold a no jeans or trainers policy, so it s often best to check.
Some clubs hold regular, separate practices.
Some clubs hold social events in place of one or more summer meetings.
Some clubs hold swap meets.
Some clubs invite spouses and friends to all meetings and all outings.
Some clubs just continue to add free agents to keep up with everyone.
Some clubs keep their own results pages which include major and minor events.
Some clubs leave their wood rough, others seal, and some paint.
Some clubs meet during the day and others meet after school or in the evening.
Some clubs meet every week and some meet once or twice a month all year long.
Some clubs meet every week for a month or two and some meet once or twice a month all year long.
Some clubs meet every week for a month or two, and some meet once or twice a month all year long.
Some clubs meet in leaders or members homes or garages.
Some clubs meet in leaders' or members' homes or garages.
Some clubs meet in leader's or member's homes or garages.
Some clubs meet in leaders or members homes.
Some clubs meet in person, while others meet online via mailing lists and chats.
Some clubs meet in the morning before school and others meet after school.
Some clubs meet once a month, other meet more often.
Some clubs meet once a week while others meet once a month.
Some clubs meet once a week, others once or twice a month.
Some clubs meet throughout the year, while others meet for only part of the year.
Some clubs meet two times a month, some meet four times a year, most meet once a month.
Some clubs meet year 'round.
Some clubs now use white and black balls to vote on new members.
Some clubs occasionally meet at local brewpubs or restaurants.
Some clubs offer courts for members only and some are seasonal so be sure to call ahead.
Some clubs offer discounts for paying in advance.
Some clubs offer lighted field times for teams that wish to practice after daylight savings time.
Some clubs offer more Latin and soul music than others.
Some clubs offer residential facilities and so such reciprocation can be very handy.
Some clubs offer season ticket loans through finance companies, often at high interest rates.
Some clubs offer simulated golf facilities as well as putting greens for golf enthusiasts.
Some clubs offer snacks for free like peanuts or pretzels or popcorn.
Some clubs offer twilight rates, couple specials, or other interesting deals.
Some clubs only have a few members here and there.
Some clubs only have matches for the doubles.
Some clubs operate daily, others only once a month, and venues change regularly.
Some clubs opt to continue through the summer season.
Some clubs pay a monthly fee to a local Internet provider to host their sites.
Some clubs pay commissions when the member pays, rather than when the sale is completed.
Some clubs perform community service projects.
Some clubs periodically offer Morse code training.
Some clubs play evening league cricket, others concentrate on weekend fixtures, some play both.
Some clubs practice the use of traditional Japanese weapons like katana, bo, etc.
Some clubs prefer to label it a membership fee.
Some clubs prefer to meet every other week or once a month.
Some clubs prohibit youths under ten altogether from playing on the course.
Some clubs promote races.
Some clubs provide financial support, others help the student learn to read and some do both.
Some clubs publish glossy, type-set bulletins with screened photos and stylish graphics.
Some clubs regularly get together to embroider, knit, dye fabrics to sell, etc.
Some clubs require a handicap certificate so bring one to be on the safe side.
Some clubs require dues or fees, monthly or yearly, that go into a common budget.
Some clubs require membership or climbing lessons.
Some clubs require proof of personal health insurance as well.
Some clubs require that guests be accompanied by members at time of play.
Some clubs require their players to stay in a hotel, even for home games.
Some clubs require very high skills and hold try-outs.
Some clubs restrict the bag limit or season on their property.
Some clubs ride in pacelines in matching jerseys and shorts.
Some clubs rotate officer duties among members.
Some clubs run theme nights.
Some clubs see burns.
Some clubs show just certain sections to the appropriate leaders.
Some clubs shy away from shifting offensive linemen between guard and tackle.
Some clubs solve problems.
Some clubs specialize in providing knowledge for children interested in rabbits or beef projects.
Some clubs spend years together and make considerable profits.
Some clubs survive for years.
Some clubs take the summer months off.
Some clubs tend to be quite serious, some less competitive.
Some clubs think they are limited to only the awards stated in the premium.
Some clubs try to say being located in windier, colder and foggier parts of the bay is a good idea.
Some clubs use red, blue or yellow tape markings, streamers, and arrows.
Some clubs use refreshments and recreation before the meeting as welcome activities.
Some clubs vote on who receives door prizes.
Some clubs welcome visitors.
Club.he members tend the Wild Area and keep daily weather records.
Clubbing are hitting.
Clubbing are movings.
Clubbing are symptoms.
Clubcall numbers are now available in the following countries.
A clubfoot is an affliction
Clubfoot can be present.
Clubfoot is a congenital deformity, which means it is present at birth.
Clubfoot is a congenital malformation that is usually diagnosed at birth.
Clubfoot is a word used for certain ankle and foot abnormalities usually present at birth.
Clubfoot is considered a multifactorial trait.
Clubfoot is one of the conditions the physicians who go to Guatemala frequently find.
Clubfoot is one of the oldest birth defects known to man.
Clubfoot is readily identifiable at birth, making it easy to diagnose.
Clubfoot is the most common birth defect of the lower extremity.
Clubfoots are artwork.
Clubfoots are deformities.
Clubfoots are medical conditions.
More clubhead speed equals more backspin and higher ball flight, which can be affected by the wind.
A clubhouse is a building
Clubhouse views all players on back nine, deep in rock quarry.
Clubhouses are buildings.
Clubhouses are fun places for players.
Clubhouses are new to Iowa.
Clubhouses are part of south parks.
Cluch actuation comes relatively high on the pedal, allowing quick, easy shifts.
A cluck is a cry
Cluck isa sound.
Clucks work well also.
Clue cells are epithelial cells which are covered by masses of bacteria of varying morphology.
Clue cells are epithelial cells with a stippled or granulated appearance.
CLUE cells are the key to diagnosis.
A clue is an indication
CLUE consists of three interactive modules.
Clue isa indication.
CLUE negotiates member discounts with national corporations.
CLUE receives many requests from Linux vendors to announce and demonstrate Linux products.
Clues abound among glittering stars, and gargoyles grin at flowers and Mars.
Clues abound for either interpretation.
Clues abound in the text about the history of each individual, but nothing is clearly stated.
Clues add to the fun and the answers are at the back of each book.
Clues already exist to the potential of working on our own populations.
Clues alternate back and forth between teams.
Clues appear above the puzzle. .
Clues appear here and there, only to lead to more mysteries.
Clues are a requirement, and part of the fun is the reader's participation in the solution.
Clues are abundant in the pictures.
Clues are also an incredible roleplaying device because they can create a lot of conversation.
Clues are appropriate, neutral or deliberately misleading.
Clues are apt, bizarre or deliberately misleading.
Clues are available when help is needed.
Clues are board games.
Clues are disturbances to the natural environment caused by the subject passing through the area.
Clues are elusive.
Clues are essences and keys are stronger than the doors they open.
Clues are everywhere and everyone is a suspect.
Clues are everywhere, so it's important to look closely and examine even the smallest things.
Clues are everywhere.
Clues are evidence.
Clues are few and speculations many.
Clues are generally parts of the whole, for example, a partial arc of a boot heel or a broken twig.
Clues are in English but the answers are in Latin.
Clues are in no particular order.
Clues are in the answers.
Clues are located in drawers.
Clues are located in mysteries.
Clues are located in toy stores.
Clues are name badges, cash registers and sales counters.
Clues are normal, and their answers include four capitalized words.
Clues are now usually pretty obvious.
Clues are particularly helpful for push buttons that contain graphic pixmaps rather than text.
Clues are scarce, but slowly they are turning up.
Clues are seeds.
Clues are simply small secrets.
Clues are so important in air defense.
Clues are something completely different, yet fundamentally the same.
Clues are the facts that lead to the truth.
Clues are very difficult to find.
Clues are welcome.
Clues can be contradictory, and at times difficult to find.
Clues can include bad smelling or tasting sputum, night sweats, and mild anemia.
Clues can include overturned books, library slips, the physical similarity of the victims.
Clues can sometimes be contradictory which keeps the player on their toes.
Clues come from brain function as well as from computer modelling.
Clues come from several sources.
Clues come from the other instruments.
Clues come in some of our carols and in the traditional Christian calendar.
Clues consist of decyfering braille or translating a alphabetical matrix to find the clue site.
Clues continue to be provided even after a player has secretly found the idol.
Clues do exist in astronomy too.
Clues fail to lead to anything new and more murders follow.
Clues get easier as the week goes on.
Clues have no intrinsic meaning.
Clues have to be one word.
Clues help navigate reading material Go to the big oak tree in the center of the park.
Clues hint how particulates harm lungs.
Clues lead to location markers with various point values.
Clues lead to phone numbers leading to other pages.
Clues lead to unexpected places.
Clues lie within the words.
Clues Look for the author's name near the top of the or at the very bottom of the site.
Clues range from one to three pieces of geographic information depending on the level of gameplay.
Clues remain few and far between.
Clues sprinkled in the illustrations help the sharp-eyed reader.
Clues turn up that point first to one, then the other, woman.
All clues lead to a deadly virus outbreak set to take place at a high-stakes ping pong competition.
All clues welcome.
Any clue are welcome.
Any clue helps.
Any clue is very much appreciated.
Any clues are helpful.
Any clues are welcome.
Every clue is important.
Every clue is vital, and early measurements crucial.
Many clues relate to general knowledge, current events, science, the arts and popular culture.
Some clues are good, others are bogus.
Some clues are likely to start surfacing soon, however.
Some clues are subtle.
Some clues can show that an applicant's entire impetus for working is a paycheck.
Some clues look like they fit into more than one category.
Some clues seem to pop up too easily.
Clueless morons beware.
A clumber is a spaniel
Clumbers adapt readily to their owners' lifestyles.
Clumbers are a gentle person's dog.
Clumbers are in general a gentle, stoic breed.
Clumbers are susceptible to hip dysplasia and entropion.
Clumbers generally enjoy robust good health, thriving on exercise.
Clumbers get along well with just about everyone - other animals included.
Clumbers tend to drool because of their very droopy flews .
Clump division is done in early spring or fall with spring preferred.
Clump divisions taken from the edge of the clump are apt to give superior results.
A clump is agglomeration
Clump isa aggregation.
Clump isa collection.
Clumps are best divided after the flowering period in early summer and replanted immediately.
Clumps are easily divided in early spring.
Clumps are groups of distributed resources which can be searched together to facilitate discovery.
Clumps are much more attractive without last years dead material.
Clumps are suitable for planting directly into the landscape or in larger containers.
Clumps are upright and very showy.
Clumps can impede natural surveillance.
Clumps consist of circular groupings of a variety, or a single large plant such as a peony.
Clumps dirt together and forces it to bottom of pond where it can be filtered out.
Clumps emerge from the same point on the root collar.
Clumps form rapidly to form a groundcover.
Clumps get bigger each year.
Clumps grow in dry woods and hillsides.
Clumps increase quickly.
Clumps increase via rhizomes just beneath the surface of the soil.
Clumps lashes together.
Clumps provide good cover.
Clumps pull fairly easy in moist or loose soil, but some people resort to herbicides.
Clumps stay tight and compact.
Any clumps just break up and fall through screen quite easily now.
Clumpable litter can be easier to use than other kinds.
Clumped platelets release clotting factors.
Most clumping bamboo requires minimal maintenance.
Many clumping varieties can grow together or be separated to form new clumps on their own.
Clumsiness is common due to poor coordination.
Clumsiness is common.
Clumsiness is normal and fortunately goes away once the rest of the body catches up.
Clumsiness is often unavoidable.
Clumsiness is posture
Clumsiness is prominent both in their articulation and gross motor behavior.
Clumsiness speaks of the infiltration of falling in human action.
Clumsy appearance delivers a clumsy message.
Clumsy boys are the best dancing practice.
Clumsy design leads to many unintentional clicks.
Clumsy fingers struggle to coax slippery straws into strong strands.
Clumsy squirrels fall to their deaths.
Cluster analysis divides the space into regions characteristic of groups that it finds in the data.
Cluster analysis is a family of methods for discovering natural classifications of items.
Cluster analysis is a multivariate technique for identifying similar entities.
Cluster analysis is a tool to reveal structure and relations in the data.
Cluster analysis is a very important and useful technique.
Cluster analysis is the formal study of algorithms and methods for doing that.
Cluster analysis is thus a tool of discovery.
Cluster analysis is used to develop homogeneous groupings of the metropolitan apartment markets.
Cluster analysis is used to group code executions into dissimilar profiles.
Cluster analysis is used to group sectors which have experienced similar patterns of transformation.
Cluster analysis is used to perform the grouping.
A cluster bomb is a bomb
Cluster bombs are anti-personnel bombs.
Cluster bombs are attack weapons and inaccurate.
Cluster bombs are bombs.
Cluster bombs are on a long list of weapons that many people and organizations want banned.
Cluster bombs are small, and very difficult to track, map, or find.
Cluster bombs are wide area munitions, difficult to use safely in civilian areas.
Cluster bombs detonate and spread hundreds, even thousands of bomblets.
Cluster bombs lay mines at random.
Cluster computing has wide application in science and engineering, business, and commerce.
Cluster development has a significant impact on strategic business recruitment.
Cluster developments gather houses close together on less than half the land in the parcel.
Cluster flies are also slightly larger than the house fly, but are dark gray in color.
Cluster flies are covered with fine golden hairs and have no stripes on the thorax.
Cluster flies are dark gray to black in color.
Cluster flies are difficult to control in homes because they hibernate within inaccessible places.
Cluster flies are flies.
Cluster flies are generally slower and clumsier than other types of similar flies.
Cluster flies are large, black slow flies, that closely resemble house flies.
Cluster flies are larger than the previous flies, and seem sluggish in comparison.
Cluster flies are nothing but a nuisance.
Cluster flies are one of the most annoying flies found in homes during the cool seasons.
Cluster flies are parasites of earthworms.
Cluster flies are parasitic on certain earthworms.
Cluster flies are parasitic on earthworms.
Cluster flies are unusual in being parasites of earthworms, but are harmless to humans.
Cluster flies are usually more of a problem in Northern and Eastern states.
Cluster flies can enter through an amazingly small space.
Cluster flies collect in wall voids, under siding and overhangs and in attics.
Cluster flies develop as parasites inside the bodies of earthworms.
Cluster flies develop during the summer as parasites inside the bodies of earthworms.
Cluster flies fly very slowly when they just wake up.
Cluster flies have a completely different life cycle.
Cluster flies seek shelter in buildings during the fall.
Cluster flies spend the winter relatively inactive in attics and wall voids.
Cluster flies tend to hibernate between the wall studs or floor joists.
Cluster formation appears to be a dominant mode of star formation in starbursts.
Cluster formation is great for candles or small photo frames on a table.
Cluster grouping is used mainly in the fifth graders with plans to extend with other grades.
Cluster grouping provides an affective compliment to any gifted education program.
Cluster grouping provides an effective complement to any gifted education program.
A cluster headache is a headache
Cluster headache affects less than one percent of the population.
Cluster headache can occur at any age.
Cluster headache does indeed, have cyclical characteristics.
Cluster headache is a very painful type of headache.
Cluster headache is an excruciating type of vascular headache.
Cluster headache is probably the worst pain that humans experience.
Cluster headache is rare and is the only type to be more common in males than females.
Cluster headache is rare.
Cluster headache is the one headache that's more likely to strike men than women.
Cluster headaches affect less than one per cent of the population.
Cluster headaches are a fairly common form of recurrent, chronic headache.
Cluster headaches are a rarer form of vascular headache.
Cluster headaches are a relatively rare but very distinct type of headache that mainly affects men.
Cluster headaches are a series of one-sided headaches that develop suddenly.
Cluster headaches are a variant of a migraine.
Cluster headaches are a variation of and less common than migraine headaches.
Cluster headaches are diseases.
Cluster headaches are extremely intense, come in, well, clusters, and often include a running nose.
Cluster headaches are extremely severe, but only last for half an hour or an hour.
Cluster headaches are more common among men and can be extremely painful.
Cluster headaches are more common in men than in women.
Cluster headaches are more common in men.
Cluster headaches are most frequent in the spring and fall.
Cluster headaches are often difficult to treat as they only last a short period of time.
Cluster headaches can also cause a blocked or runny nose.
Cluster headaches can cause facial pain and a runny nose.
Cluster headaches can crop up with changes in the weather or from alcohol and other foods.
Cluster headaches can have different symptoms .
Cluster headaches can have different symptoms.
Cluster headaches can last for hours or weeks.
Cluster headaches can occur in either sex at any age, but are more prevalent among men.
Cluster headaches cause severe pain and restlessness.
Cluster headaches come in groups or clusters lasting weeks or month.
Cluster headaches derive their name from the observation that they occur in clusters.
Cluster headaches occur as a severe, sudden headache.
Cluster headaches occur more often in men.
Cluster headaches occur most often in spring or fall.
Cluster headaches occur most often in the spring and fall.
Cluster headaches occur much more frequently in men than in women.
Cluster headaches occur much more frequently in men.
Cluster headaches start in a very characteristic way.
Cluster headaches start suddenly.
Cluster headaches wake victims from their sleep, while migraines never do.
Cluster houses have a communal pool and security and are an alternative to high rise condos.
Cluster management allows unlimited clusters.
Cluster munitions continue to maim and kill long after a war has ended.
Clusters of galaxies are the largest gravitationally bound objects in the universe.
Clusters of galaxies are the largest gravitationally-bound objects in the universe .
Clusters of galaxies are themselves clustered.
Clusters of galaxies are very massive objects.
Clusters of galaxies consist of hundreds to thousands of galaxies bound together by gravity.
Clusters of galaxies contain dilute and hot, X-ray emitting gas in the space between the galaxies.
Clusters of galaxies range in size from a few dozen members to several thousand.
Clusters of galaxies show more mass than is seen in stars.
Clusters of galaxies tend to form superclusters .
Many clusters of galaxies contain radio sources, and many radio sources are in galaxy clusters.
Clusters of stars consist of stars which are all approximately the same age.
Most clusters of stars are relatively young.
Cluster schools allow bulk purchasing of stationery so schools can cut down expenses.
Cluster size is determined by the size of the hard drive.
Cluster size is good and probably larger than last year.
Cluster systems are also useful for site selection.
Cluster systems can reveal niches of potential customers in unlikely places.
Cluster systems provide an ideal solution.
A cluster is agglomeration
Cluster distributes dots in a uniform pattern, reducing jagged edges.
Cluster fail-over capabilities help keep the application running in the event of a server failure.
Cluster flies prefer earthworms instead.
Cluster fly control starts with measures aimed at keeping the flies out of dwellings.
Cluster has a way of creating sounds that have an obvious vibrato.
Cluster headaches frequently surface during the morning or late at night.
Cluster is a micro laboratory of surface science and an example of small body systems.
Cluster is an aggregated material which consists of a few to thousand atoms.
Cluster is definitely sick of pizza.
Cluster is easily distinguishable from the background stars.
Cluster is fail-over only, no load balancing.
Cluster is one of the least common types of headache, and the cause is unknown.
Cluster is tested.
Cluster is up and running, there are no known problems.
Cluster is very tight.
Cluster is well spread-out.
Cluster isa aggregation.
Cluster isa collection.
Cluster provides students with in-depth introduction to issues in theoretical economics.
Cluster requires FREE software.
Cluster setting - A group of small stones typically set surrounding a large center stone.
Cluster stems can blight and become brittle if infections are high.
Cluster studies the magnetosphere from four points of view.
Clusters achieve their high availability through redundancy.
Clusters advertise services using a cluster alias name.
Clusters allow students to explore a particular issue of the human condiditon in more detail.
Clusters also demonstrate a giant dipole resonance in their excitation spectrum.
Clusters also provide better mechanisms for wider dissemination of programme results.
Clusters also receive resources to be used for staff development or purchase of materials.
Clusters are a fundamental necessity for critical market-dynamic research.
Clusters are a grouping of adjacent pixel defects.
Clusters are a lot more complicated to manage than single machines.
Clusters are a unit of planning.
Clusters are a very exciting development.
Clusters are agents that model some supply center.
Clusters are also a critical pattern to examine when analyzing time plots.
Clusters are also a crucial step in determining the distance scale of the universe .
Clusters are also a key element for most disaster recovery solutions.
Clusters are also ideal for Web servers.
Clusters are also important socially, because they are places of co-operation and networking.
Clusters are also one way to scale.
Clusters are also open to Independent students.
Clusters are an important link between groups that seems to be very helpful.
Clusters are an important platform, perhaps a central platform, for high performance computing.
Clusters are an optional method of storing data in groups of tables that have columns in common.
Clusters are available for use by students, faculty, and staff.
Clusters are beautiful.
Clusters are big groups of galaxies, all held huddled together by gravity.
Clusters are big groups of galaxies, huddled and held together by gravity.
Clusters are by definition based on tiny case numbers.
Clusters are crystals grouped on a common matrix.
Clusters are druzy crusts that line the fissures formed in ancient metamorphic rocks.
Clusters are dynamic.
Clusters are especially helpful.
Clusters are essentially multiple servers that are used as a single unified resource.
Clusters are for student, faculty and staff use.
Clusters are for students, faculty and staff only.
Clusters are geographic concentrations of competing and cooperating companies.
Clusters are groupings of like services.
Clusters are groupings of related documents.
Clusters are groups of items that are closer to each other than to other items.
Clusters are groups of machines joined through some type of high-speed network like connection.
Clusters are groups of occupations that have similar ORPs.
Clusters are groups of related objects accessed together.
Clusters are groups of schools working together on similar elements of school reform.
Clusters are harder.
Clusters are ideal for testing cosmological models.
Clusters are important to a region's economic growth.
Clusters are initially densely packed but spread out as the plant matures.
Clusters are just much larger versions of groups.
