Many patients fear stroke due to unilateral paralysis and are rushed to the emergency room.
Many patients fear stroke due to unilateral paralysis and rush to the emergency room.
Many patients fear the dying process and the burden on their families even more than death itself.
Many patients feel a loss of control when a diagnosis of cancer is made.
Many patients feel anxiety and others can get violent.
Many patients feel better when they exercise regularly.
Many patients feel bitter about the trivialization of their suffering.
Many patients feel claustraphobic with it and others find wearing a mask to be offensive.
Many patients feel desperate and out of control of their lives.
Many patients feel fine after the procedure.
Many patients feel groggy, confused, and chilly when they wake up after an operation.
Many patients feel more comfortable with a tracheostomy.
Many patients feel more relaxed and stronger inside after one session.
Many patients feel nothing, but others feel a small pinch.
Many patients feel pins and needles when their wrist is tapped.
Many patients feel psychologically dependent on an antidepressant they've been on for a while.
Many patients feel relieved if there is vomiting.
Many patients feel some fear against upper gastrointestinal endoscopy.
Many patients feel that certain foods are allergenic because of reactive symptoms.
Many patients feel that erectile dysfunction is a normal consequence of aging.
Many patients feel that heat plus humidity is more enervating than heat alone.
Many patients feel they have great pain tolerance.
Many patients finally find relief from back and leg pain after other treatments have failed.
Many patients find aquatic treatment the key to their success.
Many patients find comfort sleeping in a recliner chair.
Many patients find endermologie a pleasant and affordable way to optimize their appearance.
Many patients find eye drops helpful on dry days and it is a good idea to have some on hand.
Many patients find financing laser vision correction very affordable.
Many patients find it devastating to cope and often become desperate and depressed.
Many patients find it helpful to have consultations with more than one plastic surgeon.
Many patients find it helpful to make a list of questions before seeing the doctor.
Many patients find it helpful to take an afternoon nap or get more sleep each night.
Many patients find it helpful to talk to other cancer patients.
Many patients find it helpful to talk with others who are facing similar problems.
Many patients find it helpful to write down questions ahead of time.
Many patients find it too hard to give up food completely.
Many patients find over-familiarity offensive.
Many patients find such a person's opinion very valuable.
Many patients find support groups helpful.
Many patients find sweat suits comfortable and easy to put on and take off.
Many patients find that buying their long-term medications causes a financial hardship.
Many patients find that once they stop taking the medication the pain goes away.
Many patients find that quality of life improves after treatment with radiation therapy.
Many patients find that their blood cholesterol decreases significantly after weight loss surgery.
Many patients find that their hair grows back again after the treatments are finished.
Many patients find that their proper medical care has been sacrificed to the profit of insurers.
Many patients find the combined use of medication and behavior therapy most effective.
Many patients find the experience of waiting for engraftment stressful.
Many patients find the experience relaxing and have quick symptomatic relief.
Many patients find the greasy nature of ointments difficult to tolerate.
Many patients find the prospect of a colostomy or ileostomy unacceptable.
Many patients find the role they play in medical education and training extremely rewarding.
Many patients find the special mode useful for normal pain as well.
Many patients find the treatment very relaxing, which brings on a feeling of well-being.
Many patients find themselves getting very emotional when in pain.
Many patients find they are back to normal routines on the same day or by the next day.
Many patients find they are extremely light sensitive for a while.
Many patients find yoga, swimming and horseback riding to be excellent forms of exercise.
Many patients follow a special diet designed to reduce migraine triggers.
Many patients fund research in their disease or surgical treatment.
Many patients get better for a short duration of time and then require further treatment.
Many patients get sick just pulling into the hospital parking lot.
Many patients get some relief from a variety of medications, rest or the use of a cane for walking.
Many patients get tinea versicolor from tanning beds, especially where cleaning is minimized.
Many patients get upset at the fact that they have to pay for copies of their medical records.
Many patients give a history of a recent diagnosis and treatment for pneumonia.
Many patients give a history of eating shrimp and then the eyes swell.
Many patients go back to work the next day, while others wait a few days.
Many patients go for years thinking their symptoms are due to stress.
Many patients go into denial when they realize what is happening.
Many patients go out to eat the evening of surgery.
Many patients gradually improve over a few weeks.
Many patients hang their tubing over the shower rod to faciliate drying and drainage.
Many patients have a cold hand or foot tendency.
Many patients have a combination of facet and discogenic pain, and require separate treatments.
Many patients have a deeply ingrained belief that their neurosis was caused by their parents.
Many patients have a hard time grasping the idea of health enhancement.
Many patients have a level of sensitivity, although for some patients, it is very low.
Many patients have a lipoma associated with the filum terminale.
Many patients have a preconceived fear.
Many patients have accessory sectors.
Many patients have an excess of soft tissue in the oro-pharyngeal region that obstructs the airway.
Many patients have an innate or intuitive sense of why something is happening in their life.
Many patients have another anxiety disorder , such as generalized anxiety .
Many patients have bloody diarrhea.
Many patients have both conditions.
Many patients have clinical evidence of extensive extrauterine disease at initial presentation.
Many patients have complex medical and psychosocial problems.
Many patients have complex problems which require an entire day of evaluation.
Many patients have concomitant constitutional symptoms.
Many patients have deviation of the septum causing breathing difficulties.
Many patients have diarrhea after surgery.
Many patients have difficulty in socialising even with their family and friends.
Many patients have difficulty making the transition from pediatric patient to adult patient.
Many patients have early or frequent awakening from sleep - a sign of underlying depression.
Many patients have evidence for obstructive airway disease.
Many patients have eye complications without symptoms.
Many patients have eye examinations to check for the presence of cataracts on a regular basis.
Many patients have far-advanced vision loss at the time of diagnosis.
Many patients have fever, headache, muscle aches, and occasionally white spots on the tonsils.
Many patients have financial difficulties at one time or another.
Many patients have fractures, and some cases of paraplegia have been reported.
Many patients have lymphangiograms .
Many patients have metastases already at diagnosis.
Many patients have mild anemia.
Many patients have mild episodes of illness after long periods of feeling well.
Many patients have mildly to moderately abnormal scans.
Many patients have minimal signs or symptoms of systemic disease.
Many patients have more than one physician and patients change physicians on average once per year.
Many patients have multiple risk factors.
Many patients have no friends.
Many patients have no place to grow pot.
Many patients have no recall of their time in intensive care.
Many patients have no relatives and no visitors.
Many patients have no side effects at all, but some patients do.
Many patients have no side effects at all.
Many patients have no side effects whatsoever.
Many patients have no symptoms at all.
Many patients have NO symptoms at all.
Many patients have no symptoms of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy.
Many patients have no symptoms other than a soft tumor mass.
Many patients have none of the above predisposing conditions listed above.
Many patients have nystagmus and photophobia.
Many patients have oligospermia or sperm abnormalities prior to therapy.
Many patients have other atopic diseases such as eczema and asthma.
Many patients have other functional bowel symptoms.
Many patients have periods of remission.
Many patients have problems with color discrimination.
Many patients have problems with health literacy.
Many patients have severe mental disabilities, ranging from profound retardation to schizophrenia.
Many patients have simultaneous symptoms of mitral stenosis.
Many patients have slow-moving or weak mechanisms.
Many patients have some degree of mediastinal involvement at presentation.
Many patients have some diminished sensation in the elevated skin flaps near the ears.
Many patients have some permanent partial loss of kidney function after they have recovered.
Many patients have specific questions about insulin use.
Many patients have spiritual needs, especially the chronically ill.
Many patients have surgery for atypical belly pains and have persistent pain after the operation.
Many patients have symptoms throughout the entire year.
Many patients have symptoms with dairy products and other gas producing foods.
Many patients have the disease, recover within two or three years, and then relapse years later.
Many patients have the same pediatrician for their entire childhood and adolescent period.
Many patients have their cancer diagnosed as part of the workup of their weakness.
Many patients have their own, unproven theories about what works.
Many patients have to sleep on the floor.
Many patients have to take diuretics long-term after the operation.
Many patients have trouble breathing and are in poor health.
Many patients have trouble self-injecting and require help from a relative, friend or clinic nurse.
Many patients have undifferentiated problems.
Many patients ignore temporary minimal shoulder symptoms with few bad effects.
Many patients ignore the symptoms of a heart attack.
Many patients improve significantly from depression when they receive proper treatment.
Many patients initially balk at the idea of having to rely on pills to improve mood.
Many patients keep a treatment log in which they note details of treatment and their effects.
Many patients know what they're allergic to.
Many patients lead active and productive lives for ten to fifteen years after diagnosis.
Many patients learn they have diabetes only after complications arise.
Many patients learn to care for their catheter while in the hospital.
Many patients leave their unsightly goiters for years.
Many patients leave treatment prematurely and suffer serious relapses.
Many patients like to start recovery at home.
Many patients like to think of their favorite foods in order to stimulate their appetite.
Many patients like to wear their hair up or in the case of men, wear it short.
Many patients live for years with chronic leukemia, often with little or no discomfort.
Many patients live into adulthood.
Many patients live more than a day s journey from expert help and are often too weak to travel.
Many patients live normal lives except for the time needed for treatments.
Many patients live with daily heartburn without being aware of the potential danger.
Many patients look forward to hemodialysis once their bodies adjust to it.
Many patients lose calories and nutrients due to chronic diarrhea.
Many patients lose their desire to eat and experience nausea and vomiting.
Many patients lose time from work, and some are unemployed, requiring government assistance.
Many patients lose weight while hospitalized.
Many patients manage well without therapy for several years.
Many patients manifest atypical chest pain, which complicates the differential diagnosis.
Many patients miss anywhere from an occasional dose to most of the prescribed regimen.
Many patients naturally feel anxious about their course of recovery.
Many patients neglect their oral health because of their fears of receiving dental care.
Many patients note flare-ups of the disease during physical and emotional stress.
Many patients notice an immediate improvement after the laser treatment throughout that day.
Many patients notice an immediate improvement after the laser treatment.
Many patients notice an improvement immediately after the laser treatment.
Many patients notice difficulty breathing, particularly when lying down at night.
Many patients notice improved vision immediately after the procedure.
Many patients notice some blood in their urine or stool for a day or two after the biopsy.
Many patients notice that symptoms are bad for a few days, then seem less severe, then return.
Many patients notice that their sense of taste is diminished or almost absent.
Many patients now come with psychological problems or depression.
Many patients now prefer private medical institutions because they are more welcoming.
Many patients object to having any metal placed in their mouth.
Many patients obtain greatest relief with a combination of benztropine and other drugs.
Many patients obtain greatest relief with combination therapy.
Many patients offer an abbreviated description of their problem.
Many patients participate in therapeutic drug trials for dementia and other behavioral disorders.
Many patients pay for services on a sliding scale fee.
Many patients pose difficult therapeutic priorities.
Many patients prefer allergy shots over drugs because of the side effects of the drugs.
Many patients prefer an early diagnosis so that they can make decisions while they are still able.
Many patients prefer assisted death to show their departure is their own ultimate wish.
Many patients prefer cold compresses during a headache.
Many patients prefer cool drinks to tea and coffee.
Many patients prefer no treatment, or medical treatment before surgery.
Many patients prefer tablets over using an inhaler.
Many patients prefer the convenience of dialysis at home.
Many patients prefer to be completely asleep.
Many patients prefer to control the amount of pain medicine they receive.
Many patients prefer to smoke marijuana.
Many patients prefer to spend their final days in a hospice.
Many patients prefer to turn off the pulse generator at night to conserve energy.
Many patients prefer trying adjustments before resorting to drugs or surgery.
Many patients present after decades of symptoms.
Many patients present in pain and find the endodontic treatments bring great relief.
Many patients present late in the course of disease with nonspecific signs and symptoms.
Many patients present symptoms for which no physical basis can be found.
Many patients presenting for thoracic and vascular surgery have concomitant cardiac disease.
Many patients pursue second and third opinions before pursuing major treatments.
Many patients rapidly improve and others take more patience.
Many patients rave about the doctor.
Many patients recall an extended period of emotional stress prior to diagnosis.
Many patients recall hearing a loud pop when the ligament tears, and feel the knee give away.
Many patients receive a total of six to twelve treatments per episode of care.
Many patients receive an epidural for use during the case or afterwards for pain relief.
Many patients receive antibiotics to prevent infection.
Many patients receive combination therapy, such as radiation and surgery.
Many patients receive combinations of medical products which can sometimes give rise to problems.
Many patients receive EKGs prior to having surgery to make sure the heart is functioning normally.
Many patients receive home care as an alternative to hospitalization.
Many patients receive multiple procedures during their stay or have multiple diagnoses.
Many patients receive ongoing heparin therapy to maintain an anticoagulated state.
Many patients receive the benefit of regional anesthesia and nerve blocks.
Many patients receive their glasses the next day.
Many patients receive two or more drugs.
Many patients recover completely without treatment.
Many patients recover if slow rewarming is achieved.
Many patients recover quickly and are hospitalized less than one day.
Many patients refuse to go to see a physician.
Many patients rely on someone else to instill their drops.
Many patients remain alert and mentally active, even if physical activity is limited.
Many patients remain asymptomatic until decompensation occurs.
Many patients remain chronically infected.
Many patients remain clear of their psoriasis for a year.
Many patients remain fearful or unmotivated.
Many patients remain well and out of mental hospitals for years on nutrient therapy.
Many patients report a hypersensitivity to noise.
Many patients report a lifting of their mood one week after treatment is started.
Many patients report a perceived shrinkage of the breasts at a year following operation.
Many patients report a sense of tightness or numbness in their face and neck following the surgery.
Many patients report a total loss of energy, loss of concentration, and insomnia.
Many patients report actually being free of the disease for up to many years.
Many patients report acupuncture relieves their pain for hours, even days.
Many patients report alternating constipation and diarrhea.
Many patients report an emotional release, an increase in energy level, and a sense of well being.
Many patients report an immediate improvement within the first day.
Many patients report an improvement in mood and other aspects of psychosocial functioning.
Many patients report avoiding new relationships for fear of transmitting the disease.
Many patients report deeper sleep, less tossing and turning and diminished pain.
Many patients report feeling better after undertaking a moderate exercise plan.
Many patients report feeling edgy and irritable one minute, and normal the next.
Many patients report fewer and less severe headaches.
Many patients report immediate improvements in their vision following treatment.
Many patients report immediate visual improvement with minimal recovery time.
Many patients report implant surgery less troublesome than having teeth removed.
Many patients report improved performance and fitness, and feel better and more relaxed.
Many patients report improved vision within the first few hours after surgery.
Many patients report long-term deterioration after repeated or prolonged antibiotic use.
Many patients report more severe allergic symptoms when exposed to certain cats.
Many patients report relief from tinnitus while wearing hearing aids.
Many patients report relief of their symptoms as the fibroids diminish in size.
Many patients report seeing clearly even as they leave the operating room.
Many patients report seeing other civilians, some seriously wounded, fleeing into the bush.
Many patients report serious side effects.
Many patients report that compensatory sweating decreases over time.
Many patients report that headache is triggered by coughing or straining.
Many patients report that their chronic prostatitis problems began after they had a vasectomy.
Many patients report that their skin seems softer, smoother and younger-looking.
Many patients report that they feel more relaxed and less stressed after receiving a massage.
Many patients report that they have reduced heart palpitations during stress.
Many patients report that they sleep much better during the treatment.
Many patients report the worst headache of their lives.
Many patients report transient, flu-like symptoms following drug administration.
Many patients request standing in PT as the first activity in a session.
Many patients require a combination of therapies.
Many patients require a multi-disciplinary approach.
Many patients require an additional insulin injection at bedtime.
Many patients require lifelong medical therapy for symptom control.
Many patients require lifelong therapy.
Many patients require little or no pain medication after arthroscopy.
Many patients require long term management with physiotherapy and sometimes surgery.
Many patients require long-term oxygen therapy.
Many patients require more than one medication, with dose adjustments over time.
Many patients require multiple-drug therapy to control their hypertension.
Many patients require no initial therapy.
Many patients require postoperative intubation and mechanical ventilation until fully awake.
Many patients require probiotics.
Many patients require several attempts before quitting successfully.
Many patients require some narcotic pain medication for several days postoperatively.
Many patients require supplemental Ca and vitamins.
Many patients require surgery at some time or other.
Many patients require surgical correction of contractures.
Many patients require surgical treatment.
Many patients require tube feeding at night to prevent low blood sugars during sleep.
Many patients require ventilatory support because of respiratory failure.
Many patients require ventilatory support for respiratory failure.
Many patients resist accessing hospice care because it signals that the end is near.
Many patients respond dramatically to discontinuation of the antibiotic.
Many patients respond quite well to treatment and live long and active lives.
Many patients respond to a group of medications called tricyclic antidepressants at low doses.
Many patients respond well to medical management, including diuretics and salt restriction.
Many patients resume normal activities such as lifting even sooner.
Many patients return shortly after being discharged.
Many patients return to functioning well despite a permanent disability.
Many patients return to normal activities soon after leaving the hospital.
Many patients return to work or normal activities the same day.
Many patients return to work that day.
Many patients run out of their measly prescription allowance within months.
Many patients sabotage their treatments by failing to follow the doctor's instructions.
Many patients say it happens overnight.
Many patients say it helps with other problems, such as migraines and menstrual pain.
Many patients say no.
Many patients say pot eases the nausea of chemotherapy.
Many patients say sucking on ice chips during the chemo administration reduces mouth sores.
Many patients say that laser treatment seems faster because of the greater comfort they experience.
Many patients say that nausea is far more unpleasant than vomiting.
Many patients say that they feel more pain when a storm front comes through.
Many patients say the waiting is the hardest part of transplantation.
Many patients say they feel better about themselves after receiving successful treatment for acne.
Many patients say they're waiting for the doctor to open the subject.
Many patients see a change sooner, sometimes a big change.
Many patients see better within a few days.
Many patients see results within a week.
Many patients see their care as, in effect, an insurance blank check .
Many patients see well after the operation without glasses.
Many patients seek help for many years until they receive a correct diagnosis and proper treatment.
Many patients seek quality dental care to improve their estheitc appearance.
Many patients seek removal of nevi for cosmetic reasons as well.
Many patients seek surgery because of continued pain, deformity and activity limitations.
Many patients seem to get better just from being in an operating room.
Many patients seem to transform a lot during the treatment.
Many patients send pictures or letters thanking the clinic - even if they never get pregnant.
Many patients sense progress within a week or two of frequent visits.
Many patients show aggressiveness and self-injurious behaviours, and sleep disturbances are common.
Many patients show high antibody levels to any virus measured.
Many patients show psychotic behavior.
Many patients show signs of improvement before the medication they are on actually kicks in.
Many patients show spontaneous improvement with age.
Many patients simply go to the hospital's emergency room.
Many patients simply live with their bunions, taking care to wear orthotics and proper shoes.
Many patients sit alone.
Many patients sleep for a long time during the day and have trouble sleeping at night.
Many patients spend a lot of time waiting to be seen for a very brief appointment.
Many patients spend a month in the hospital over the course of a year.
Many patients start treatment and education while still in the hospital.
Many patients still feel intimidated by doctors.
Many patients still rely on pain medication administered at set times or as needed by nurses.
Many patients stop taking their medication as soon as they feel better.
Many patients stop taking their medications within the first month of treatment.
Many patients stop taking tricyclics due to adverse effects.
Many patients stop their medicine without telling anyone because of side effects.
Many patients stop wearing the device, however, because it's uncomfortable, inconvenient and noisy.
Many patients succumb within a year of diagnosis.
Many patients suffer because they have no idea what tinnitus is.
Many patients suffer from both floaters and light flashes.
Many patients suffer from chronic pain and fatigue .
Many patients suffer from chronic pelvic pain.
Many patients suffer from constipation.
Many patients suffer from failure to thrive and from recurrent respiratory infections.
Many patients suffer from pain and dysfunction of the joints of the jaws.
Many patients suffer from paralysis, inability to speak, incontinence, constipation, and depression.
Many patients suffer long-term affects of iron overload, including potentially fatal organ damage.
Many patients suffer nausea, vomiting, and stomach discomfort.
Many patients suffer numbness or the opposite, extreme pain.
Many patients suffer with chronic back and leg pain.
Many patients swear by acupuncture and acupressure as other alternative treatments.
Many patients sweat so profusely that the sweat actually drips onto the floor.
Many patients swim frequently for exercise.
Many patients take as long as a few months to look at their options.
Many patients take it on their own because it is sold over the counter.
Many patients take one day off after the laparoscopy procedure before returning to work.
Many patients take opioids for years to control pain.
Many patients take the immune-suppressing drugs for years.
Many patients take the law into their own hands and use marijuana for therapy.
Many patients take the powerful drug warfarin as a preventive.
Many patients take two-years or longer to level out.
Many patients taking methotrexate, however, tend to relapse when treatment is stopped.
Many patients taking thyroid hormone are concerned about the possibility of Osteoporosis .
Many patients think a pediatric dentist is only for children with problems.
Many patients think it is malaria whenever they get fever.
Many patients think of physicians as paternalistic authority figures.
Many patients think their physicians are cold and uncaring.
Many patients think they have to suffer from migraines and often can be cured with treatment.
Many patients travel to find the best infertility care at leading national centers.
Many patients try to keep life as normal as possible, and in the process, they overdo it.
Many patients turn to family members, friends, or caregivers for advice.
Many patients ultimately develop disability due to difficulty with balance and cognition.
Many patients undergo multiple cycles using their cryopreserved embryos at greatly reduced cost.
Many patients undergo surgery to remove cancerous tumors that have the potential to spread.
Many patients undergoing interferon or interleukin therapy also experience fatigue.
Many patients undergoing major vascular surgery suffer from a variety of concomitant diseases.
Many patients understandably become depressed.
Many patients unfortunately fail to regularly participate in breast cancer screening.
Many patients use a combination of devices.
Many patients use a water-tight plastic sandwich bag filled with frozen berries or peas.
Many patients use both.
Many patients use crutches, prostheses, and wheelchairs to get around.
Many patients use different settings for sleeping and exercising.
Many patients use improper types of braces or unscientifically prepared braces.
Many patients use online pharmacies.
Many patients use two inconspicuous, small sound generators either in or behind the ear.
Many patients view their relationship with their eye doctor through a narrow lens.
Many patients volunteer as well.
Many patients wait much longer.
Many patients wait to see how things go at the certification review hearing.
Many patients wait until the symptoms become worse before visiting a physician.
Many patients wait until their pain is severe before taking medication.
Many patients watch TV or sleep during the treatment.
Many patients wish to wear a wig until the hair returns.
More patients come, income increases and essential outreach services can be paid for.
More patients come.
More patients die waiting for transplants each year.
More patients have no symptoms or complaints until the aneurysm ruptures.
More patients look to unconventional therapies to supplement their health care.
More patients now receive home health services for longer periods of time.
More patients take part in the later phases of studies than in the earlier ones.
Most patients often report a sense of relief or well-being.
Most patients usually describe hope for a new treatment.
Most patients usually die within one year of diagnosis even with treatment.
Most patients usually spend two to four weeks in the program.
Most patient have a history of headache and morning vomiting, which gets worse with time.
Most patient have roommates.
Most patients abandon the pills due to bothersome side effects.
Most patients abort spontaneously.
Most patients absorb doses many times lower.
Most patients accept facts.
Most patients access information.
Most patients accommodate well.
Most patients achieve good vision the day following surgery.
Most patients achieve health.
Most patients achieve optimum health.
Most patients achieve results.
Most patients achieve steady-state concentrations after three days of the same dosing regimen.
Most patients adapt after some practice.
Most patients adapt quickly and with ease.
Most patients adopt diets.
Most patients adopt fat diets.
Most patients affected by symptomatic hallux valgus are middle-aged women.
Most patients agree that less pain is the most satisfying benefit of scope surgery.
Most patients agree that the potential rewards of an autologous BMT are well worth the effort.
Most patients agree to be tested.
Most patients agree to be videoed for teaching and publication purposes.
Most patients also complain of simultaneous rhinitis.
Most patients also experience diarrhea caused by sores in the intestines.
Most patients also experience persistent daytime drowsiness.
Most patients also experience rigidity, or a resistance to movement.
Most patients also get some flulike symptoms.
Most patients also have a test called esophagoscopy .
Most patients also have an elevated sedimentation rate.
Most patients also have heart murmur.
Most patients also receive a sedative and an an injection of local anesthetic.
Most patients also receive respiratory therapy after surgery.
Most patients ambulate more easily and participate more actively in their personal care.
Most patients appear normal at birth.
Most patients appreciate being given a booklet, if they are able to see it.
Most patients appreciate the attention.
Most patients are a little scared but really nice.
Most patients are able to breast-feed following augmentation.
Most patients are able to continue working while receiving chemotherapy.
Most patients are able to drive and resume normal activities the next day.
Most patients are able to drive themselves to their treatments.
Most patients are able to eat normal diets and lead normal lives following surgery.
Most patients are able to engage in most ordinary activities exceedingly well.
Most patients are able to function in a normal way during the weeks of treatment.
Most patients are able to get back into an athletic shoe within a week after surgery.
Most patients are able to go home on the same day of their surgery.
Most patients are able to improve their attention, reading and listening skills.
Most patients are able to lead normal, active lives.
Most patients are able to leave the hospital the morning after their Gamma Knife treatment.
Most patients are able to leave the hospital the same day as the surgery or the next day.
Most patients are able to respond to and interact with visitors.
Most patients are able to resume full activities the following day.
Most patients are able to resume most leisure activities, and many return to work.
Most patients are able to resume normal activities upon arriving home.
Most patients are able to resume safe and enjoyable intercourse after hip replacement.
Most patients are able to resume their normal activities.
Most patients are able to resume their normal daily activities immediately following the procedure.
Most patients are able to return to a normal diet and activities immediately after the exam.
Most patients are able to return to a normal lifestyle after appropriate rehabilitation.
Most patients are able to return to normal activities the next day.
Most patients are able to return to relatively normal activity within three days.
Most patients are able to return to the community.
Most patients are able to return to their normal lifestyle within one day of treatment.
Most patients are able to return to work after a fortnight.
Most patients are able to return to work and usual activities.
Most patients are able to return to work in about fourteen days.
Most patients are able to return to work in two to three weeks.
Most patients are able to return to work quickly within three to five days.
Most patients are able to return to work the next day.
Most patients are able to return to work within a week, and resume their normal pace within a month.
Most patients are able to return to work within three days of the procedure.
Most patients are able to significantly reduce their medications.
Most patients are able to tolerate the upright position.
Most patients are able to undergo cataract extraction regardless of concurrent illnesses.
Most patients are able to walk about without much discomfort the day following surgery.
Most patients are able to walk without cane or crutch by three months.
Most patients are adults.
Most patients are affected by conditions.
Most patients are affected by diseases.
Most patients are affected by genetic conditions.
Most patients are affected by respiratory diseases.
Most patients are also smokers.
Most patients are asymptomatic in a matter of two to three months.
Most patients are asymptomatic or complain of vague abdominal symptoms.
Most patients are asymptomatic unless the optic nerve or macula are involved.
Most patients are asymptomatic, although the papules can be painful.
Most patients are asymptomatic, but a few have pain, itching, and tenderness.
Most patients are asymptomatic.
Most Patients are asymptomatic.
Most patients are at their best upon waking in the morning or even after a nap.
Most patients are back at work about ten days to two weeks after surgery.
Most patients are back to full activity in several days.
Most patients are back to their regular routine in about three weeks.
Most patients are back to work by the next day.
Most patients are back to work full-time the day after treatment.
Most patients are back to work in a day or two.
Most patients are back to work in a few days.
Most patients are back to work in one day.
Most patients are back to work in two to three weeks after surgery.
Most patients are children and present with a hypochromic microcytic anemia.
Most patients are children and women who live in rural areas near rivers or wetlands .
Most patients are children and women who live in rural areas near rivers or wetlands.
Most patients are cigarette smokers.
Most patients are city dwellers, vegetarians and belong to upper socio economic status.
Most patients are comfortable and resume normal activities within only a few days.
Most patients are completely free of pain between each episode.
Most patients are deficient in stomach acid.
Most patients are delighted how well they see the first morning after surgery.
Most patients are either azoospermic or oligospermic.
Most patients are extremely happy with their new youthful appearance.
Most patients are familiar with the general dentist.
Most patients are free of symptoms between attacks.
Most patients are fully ambulatory and able to go home after about two to four hours.
Most patients are good candidates for the implant.
Most patients are happier asleep.
Most patients are happier when they are asleep.
Most patients are happier when they have lots to do.
Most patients are happy with the outcome and serious complications are unusual.
Most patients are heterozygotes.
Most patients are heterozygous for the defective hemoglobin gene.
Most patients are highly satisfied with the results of their rhinoplasty.
Most patients are in a regular shoes at about three weeks postoperatively.
Most patients are in disposable or planned replacement lenses.
Most patients are in the clinic for about four to six hours.
Most patients are in the hospital a total of six days from admitting through discharge.
Most patients are in the middle.
Most patients are in their forties to sixties.
Most patients are lean.
Most patients are less than five years of age at the time of diagnosis.
Most patients are low-income working singles or families without healthcare insurance.
Most patients are male alcoholics.
Most patients are middle-aged or elderly women.
Most patients are middle-aged women.
Most patients are moderately impaired, with a few severely and mildly involved patients, as well.
Most patients are near normal weight and desire permanent contour changes.
Most patients are no busier than physicians, and they know it.
Most patients are now able to enjoy their best possible vision with minimal recovery time.
Most patients are of normal intelligence and have normal life spans.
Most patients are of Slavic ancestry.
Most patients are on a special diet and fluid restrictions.
Most patients are out of work for about one week.
Most patients are out the door within one to two hours.
Most patients are outpatients, with visits scheduled one to three times a week.
Most patients are overweight at the time of the diagnosis.
Most patients are painfree between attacks.
Most patients are pleasantly surprised at how fast and easy Laser Vision Correction is.
Most patients are pleased with the cosmetic result.
Most patients are pleased with the difference sclerotherapy makes.
Most patients are pleased with the results, and appear much younger and more rested.
Most patients are pleased with the results.
Most patients are pleased with their voice.
Most patients are poor adults without health insurance.
Most patients are quite satisfied with uniformity and the finality of the results.
Most patients are ready for breakfast or lunch the day after surgery.
Most patients are ready to leave within one to three hours.
Most patients are ready to return to regular activity within one week.
Most patients are ready to return to work within three to five days.
Most patients are self-pay and pay on a sliding fee scheduled based on income and family size.
Most patients are sleepy, and some are nauseated for a few hours after the operation.
Most patients are small in stature, a result of malabsorption of nutrients and fat-soluble vitamins.
Most patients are smokers.
Most patients are somewhere in between, expressing more or less pain.
Most patients are still able to chew quite well.
Most patients are still able to hear after they are no longer able to speak.
Most patients are stone free within six weks of treatment.
Most patients are surprised at how quick the actual procedure can be accomplished.
Most patients are surprised at how well they actually do sleep in the lab.
Most patients are surprised at the simplicity of the surgery itself.
Most patients are symptomatic and complain of some oral discomfort.
Most patients are teen-agers or adults who have been symptomatic for some time.
Most patients are then ready to leave for home within a few hours.
Most patients are thin and underweight.
Most patients are too intimidated to even ask about their own treatment, much less influence it.
Most patients are toxic, with high fever and shaking chills.
Most patients are unaware of the presence of an optic pit.
Most patients are unaware of their cognitive impairment.
Most patients are unaware that reprocessing even occurs.
Most patients are under the age of ten, but it does occasionally occur in adults.
Most patients are uninformed people with medical needs.
Most patients are up and about within six weeks after surgery.
Most patients are up and walking within a day or two.
Most patients are up on their feet in a couple of days, and back to work within two weeks.
Most patients are upset about the spasm for two main reasons.
Most patients are very fair-skinned and often have a Celtic or Scandinavian background.
Most patients are very pleased with the results of their refractive surgery, the web site says.
Most patients are very pleased with the results of their refractive surgery.
Most patients are very, very pleased with the results.
Most patients are well cared for by their own physicians.
Most patients are white women with no underlying lung disease and unrelated to smoking.
Most patients are within the normal range following treatment.
Most patients are without symptoms .
Most patients are women and children who live in rural areas near rivers or wetlands.
Most patients are women needing below-elbow prostheses.
Most patients are women who are middle aged or older.
Most patients are young adults and can present with symptoms of ventricular obstruction.
Most patients are young children.
Most patients are, however, private.
Most patients arrive at hospitals.
Most patients arrive with multiple lesions and the whole process generally takes three to six hours.
Most patients ask nurses.
Most patients assume that what they tell their doctor is confidential.
Most patients assume their doctors are the final arbiters of medical necessity, but they are wrong.
Most patients attain the goals that are set.
Most patients attempt to sleep and arise at conventional social times.
Most patients attend sessions once per week.
Most patients become sterile.
Most patients become wheelchair bound within a few years of onset.
Most patients begin to experience reduced symptoms soon after the treatment is begun.
Most patients begin to improve within the first few days of the treatment.
Most patients begin to spontaneously recover from their strokes, slowly regaining lost abilities.
Most patients begin treatment with nitrates and a beta-blocker or a calcium antagonist.
Most patients begin treatments.
Most patients benefit from approaches.
Most patients benefit from aspirin treatments.
Most patients benefit from both an isometric program and an a nonimpact loading aerobic program.
Most patients benefit from counsel.
Most patients benefit from diets.
Most patients benefit from medicine.
Most patients benefit from milk thistle extract treatments.
Most patients benefit from strength.
Most patients benefit from treatments.
Most patients born with a cleft lip or palate have no prospect of receiving treatment.
Most patients can anticipate a marked improvement in the appearance of the eyes.
Most patients can anticipate lying on the x-ray table for one to two hours.
Most patients can be fully active while receiving radiation therapy.
Most patients can begin getting out of bed on the same day surgery is performed.
Most patients can begin moving comfortably within a few days after surgery.
Most patients can benefit from a combination of medication and behavioral therapy.
Most patients can commence work a week after surgery or less.
Most patients can control the side-effects with paracetamol and by taking the interferon at bedtime.
Most patients can drive after the first month.
Most patients can drive after the first week.
Most patients can drive and return to work the next day.
Most patients can drive home after their eye exam, and sunglasses are encouraged to be worn.
Most patients can drive the next day if the surgery goes well.
Most patients can drive without glasses or contacts.
Most patients can easily sense their ascorbate needs.
Most patients can easily tolerate the sensation induced by the laser.
Most patients can expect remissions of several months to a year following treatment.
Most patients can expect some relief of symptoms within four to seven days.
Most patients can expect to be at the office for at least two hours.
Most patients can expect to be back to full activity within a week.
Most patients can expect to have a recurrence of iritis.
Most patients can expect to spend one night in the hospital.
Most patients can expect to stay overnight after surgery.
Most patients can get by with a dress shoe for temporary wear without the arch support.
Most patients can go home a few days afterward, if their vital signs are back to normal.
Most patients can go home after about an hour in the recovery room.
Most patients can go home in about an hour.
Most patients can go home the day of surgery.
Most patients can go home the same day.
Most patients can have homeostasis.
Most patients can have initial treatment begun on the basis of history and physical findings alone.
Most patients can have procedures.
Most patients can have symptoms.
Most patients can hide bruising and swelling with make-up after four or five days.
Most patients can hold the pressure themselves.
Most patients can identify irritants in their diet.
Most patients can increase their exercise activity.
Most patients can lead normal lives for up to fifteen years following diagnosis.
Most patients can lead normal lives with treatment to control symptoms.
Most patients can leave the hospital in one to three weeks.
Most patients can leave the office wearing some type of temporary prosthesis.
Most patients can live a full and independent life.
Most patients can maintain a fully active lifestyle while receiving radiation therapy.
Most patients can maintain bowel control if they are helped early enough.
Most patients can overcome any claustrophobia and cooperate.
Most patients can participate in dancing, singing, card-playing, dominoes or tossing a ball.
Most patients can pinpoint the hour.
Most patients can produce adequate speech in the absence of any additional valves.
Most patients can rebuild strength and return to normal life in days rather than weeks.
Most patients can resume normal activities the following day.
Most patients can resume normal activity within two weeks.
Most patients can resume physical activity, and return back to work within one week or less.
Most patients can resume routine daily activities immediately following surgery.
Most patients can resume their normal routine within a week after surgery.
Most patients can return home four to eight days following surgery.
Most patients can return home four to ten days following surgery.
Most patients can return home one to four days following surgery.
Most patients can return home the day following surgery.
Most patients can return home the same day as the treatment and quickly resume everyday activities.
Most patients can return home the same day they have the lens removed.
Most patients can return to an active lifestyle following transplant.
Most patients can return to near normal activity within a very few days of their surgery.
Most patients can return to normal activities on the next day.
Most patients can return to normal activities the following day.
Most patients can return to normal schedules within one to two days after the operation.
Most patients can return to their normal activities the day after the procedure.
Most patients can return to their normal activities the next day.
Most patients can return to work after two days, and can usually drive after seven days.
Most patients can return to work and begin exercising again with a day or two after surgery.
Most patients can return to work in a week or two after surgery.
Most patients can return to work in four to six days following the surgery.
Most patients can return to work the day after the procedure.
Most patients can return to work the next day, assuming their vision is adequate for their job.
Most patients can return to work within two to five days.
Most patients can say where the block has got to.
Most patients can stand the morning after surgery and begin exercise that day.
Most patients can stop taking their Accutane after the procedure.
Most patients can take methotrexate by mouth in a single, weekly dose.
Most patients can tolerate an acute decrease in hemoglobin and therefore oxygen-carrying capacity.
Most patients can tolerate cesarean section.
Most patients can walk without assistance after three weeks.
Most patients carry beepers and can be reached at any time, day or night.
Most patients carry on their normal daily activities before and after the daily treatment.
Most patients carry pregnancy.
Most patients choose food.
Most patients choose to have both eyes done on the same day.
Most patients choose to have both eyes treated at the same time for several reasons.
Most patients choose to receive hospice care in their own home or the home of family or friends.
Most patients choose to return to work the day after the procedure.
Most patients choose to wear hard contacts lenses with limited long term effectiveness.
Most patients claim that it feels like flecks of bacon grease spattering on their skin.
Most patients combine recognizable syndromes.
Most patients combine syndromes.
Most patients combine the upper with the lower eyelids.
Most patients come from the New York metropolitan area.
Most patients come in contact.
Most patients come in daily for four to six weeks.
Most patients come through doors.
Most patients come to a chiropractic office for pain from an injury.
Most patients come to an osteopath without having first consulted their doctor.
Most patients come to clinics.
Most patients come to medical attention in middle age.
Most patients come to our clinic by referral after their dentist or physician.
Most patients come to the centers upon referral from their physicians.
Most patients compare the sensation to a bug bite.
Most patients complain of a carpal boss after they bump or hit against the back of the wrist.
Most patients complain of a small amount of discharge around the anal area.
Most patients complain of abdominal pain.
Most patients complain of excessive daytrime sleepiness or fatigue.
Most patients complain of fevers.
Most patients complain of flaking and itchy skin on scalp.
Most patients complain of intense itching.
Most patients complain of irritation.
Most patients complain of lower right abdominal pain.
Most patients complain of ocular irritation.
Most patients complain of pain.
Most patients complain of sensation.
Most patients complain of shortness of breath.
Most patients complain of symptoms.
Most patients completely recover.
Most patients confound diagnostic labelling.
Most patients consider alternative therapy.
Most patients consider candida infection.
Most patients consider infection.
Most patients consider the cost an investment in themselves.
Most patients consider the test comfortable.
Most patients consider therapy.
Most patients consider truth as a central point.
Most patients consider urodynamic testing painless.
Most patients consult physicians.
Most patients consult with doctors.
Most patients consult with physicians.
Most patients consume amounts.
Most patients consume calorie diets.
Most patients consume dairy products.
Most patients consume diets.
Most patients consume fish.
Most patients consume food.
Most patients consume freshwater fish.
Most patients consume products.
Most patients consume raw fish.
Most patients consume raw freshwater fish.
Most patients consume sodium.
Most patients continue their therapies as out-patients.
Most patients continue to do well, although long-term side effects are the biggest worry.
Most patients continue to use walkers and crutches for mobility.
Most patients continue to work and have no or very little disruption to their lives.
Most patients control nausea.
Most patients currently come from southern Nassau.
Most patients decide to enter the program.
Most patients deciding on laser vision correction has a condition called myopia, or nearsightedness.
Most patients demonstrate a hiatal hernia, gastroesophageal reflux, or both.
Most patients demonstrate a reticulocytosis during periods of acute pulmonary hemorrhage.
Most patients demonstrate disorder.
Most patients demonstrate dramatic responses.
Most patients demonstrate responses.
Most patients demonstrate syndromes.
Most patients derive benefits.
Most patients describe nausea and vomiting with the headache.
Most patients describe peak pain in the morning when they first get out of bed.
Most patients describe sensation.
Most patients describe spin sensation.
Most patients describe the actual procedure as virtually painless.
Most patients describe the discomfort as cramping similar to a menstrual period.
Most patients describe the experience as a series of slight pin pricks to the skin.
Most patients describe the gradual onset of an asymptomatic to mildly pruritic papular eruption.
Most patients describe the treatment as a series of rubber band snaps to the skin.
Most patients develop a flat, white scar.
Most patients develop a tolerance to flushing.
Most patients develop abdominal pain.
Most patients develop active infection.
Most patients develop conditions.
Most patients develop congestive heart failure.
Most patients develop dermatomal zoster and some develop cutaneous dissemination.
Most patients develop diarrhea.
Most patients develop diseases.
Most patients develop distress.
Most patients develop end-stage renal failure.
Most patients develop heel pain due to overuse.
Most patients develop increasing problems as they get older.
Most patients develop infection.
Most patients develop it during childhood.
Most patients develop no symptoms or a mild pneumonia and recover completely.
Most patients develop nonspecific symptoms and signs.
Most patients develop pain.
Most patients develop pneumonia.
Most patients develop polyps without symptoms.
Most patients develop respiratory distress.
Most patients develop significant leg weakness before and after surgical care of a meniscus problem.
Most patients develop signs of cerebellar and pyramidal tract dysfunction as the disease advances.
Most patients develop symptoms prior to complications.
Most patients develop symptoms within six weeks after they return from a malarious area.
Most patients develop syndromes.
Most patients develop the eruption a few weeks after starting therapy with the offending agent.
Most patients develop their first migraine headache in adolescence or early adulthood.
Most patients develop tolerance.
Most patients diagnose with diseases.
Most patients diagnose with rare diseases.
Most patients diagnose with wilson diseases.
Most patients diagnosed with depression also exhibit one or more symptoms of anxiety.
Most patients die after attempts of locoregional control of the tumor have failed.
Most patients die as a result of respiratory failure.
Most patients die before their fifth birthday.
Most patients die between age five and ten years of age of heart failure.
Most patients die between age ten and twenty-five of heart failure.
Most patients die from the underlying disease or from complications of mechanical ventilation.
Most patients die in early infancy.
Most patients die in infancy.
Most patients die in the neonatal period of respiratory distress.
Most patients die of pulmonary metastases.
Most patients die of their tumor within one year.
Most patients die within a few days or weeks of onset.
Most patients die within a year.
Most patients die within eighteen months of diagnosis.
Most patients die within five years of diagnosis.
Most patients die within six months of diagnosis.
Most patients die within the first year of life.
Most patients die within twelve years of their first brain attack.
Most patients discontinue therapy.
Most patients discontinue treatments.
Most patients discontinue use.
Most patients dislike having their visual field tested.
Most patients dislike needles.
Most patients display abnormal liver function tests.
Most patients display abnormal tests.
Most patients display liver function tests.
Most patients display reaction.
Most patients display tests.
Most patients disregard the law.
Most patients do best with doses on the lower end of the dosage range.
Most patients do extremely well over time.
Most patients do like to celebrate the re-infusion of stem cells somehow.
Most patients do return to work.
Most patients do tricks.
Most patients do well long-term.
Most patients do well with a single teaspoon.
Most patients do well with stents.
Most patients do, however, experience some degree of fatigue during radiation therapy.
Most patients don t get a noticeable return of depression.
Most patients don t like the idea of being on oxygen at home.
Most patients dress casually and comfortably.
Most patients drink plenty.
Most patients drink water.
Most patients eat fatty food.
Most patients eat food.
Most patients encourage patients.
Most patients end up significantly reducing or eliminating their dependence on allergy medications.
Most patients equate the word cancer with death.
Most patients eventually develop such symptoms as pruritus or nonspecific fatigue.
Most patients eventually find their medication becomes less effective.
Most patients eventually show evidence of visceral involvement.
Most patients exhibit differences.
Most patients exhibit effects.
Most patients exhibit mild symptoms.
Most patients exhibit patterns.
Most patients exhibit ranges.
Most patients exhibit secondary symptoms.
Most patients exhibit symptoms.
Most patients exhibit truncal and flexural sparing.
Most patients exhibit values.
Most patients expect doctors.
Most patients expectorate necrotic tissue within several days of treatment.
Most patients experience a better quality of life as it stimulates the immune system.
Most patients experience a dramatic loss of strength following ACL reconstruction.
Most patients experience a minimum amount of pain after a lipo-sculpture.
Most patients experience a profound sense of relaxation and peace.
Most patients experience a recurrence of psoriasis after acitretin is discontinued.
Most patients experience a sense of relief following an adjustment.
Most patients experience a significant improvement in their quality of life.
Most patients experience a significant reduction in their hay fever within twelve months.
Most patients experience a slight burning sensation while the solution takes effect.
Most patients experience a small amount of cramping during the procedure.
Most patients experience a state of meditation and relaxation after treatment.
Most patients experience a stinging, burning sensation when a laser pulse is delivered.
Most patients experience abdominal pain.
Most patients experience activity-related discomfort intermittently throughout the day.
Most patients experience administration.
Most patients experience adult respiratory distress syndromes.
Most patients experience adverse reaction.
Most patients experience arrhythmias before the fourth decade of life.
Most patients experience central nervous disorder.
Most patients experience central nervous system disorder.
Most patients experience chest pain.
Most patients experience conditions.
Most patients experience diarrhea, but mild constipation is one of the potential side effects.
Most patients experience diseases.
Most patients experience effects.
Most patients experience either full or partial memory loss of the dental surgery.
Most patients experience few or no permanent side effects from radiation therapy.
Most patients experience fluctuating visual acuity without discomfort.
Most patients experience full recovery.
Most patients experience improvement.
Most patients experience infection.
Most patients experience infections only during chemotherapy-induced neutropenia.
Most patients experience injuries.
Most patients experience little discomfort at the treatment site because of the cooling device.
Most patients experience little or no pain afterwards, combined with increased energy.
Most patients experience little or no problems while taking their medication.
Most patients experience many peaks and valleys of pain daily.
Most patients experience mild nausea.
Most patients experience mild to moderate pain or local irritation after treatment.
Most patients experience moderate to severe pain afterwards for several hours.
Most patients experience multiple episodes of the disorder.
Most patients experience nausea and vomiting, at times to the point of dry heaves.
Most patients experience nausea, vomiting, and ataxia with vertigo attacks.
Most patients experience nausea, vomiting, anorexia and weight loss.
Most patients experience nausea.
Most patients experience neck pain as the first and most consistent clinical sign.
Most patients experience nervous disorder.
Most patients experience no major discomfort after the procedure.
Most patients experience no noticeable aftereffects of laser hair removal.
Most patients experience no side effects at all.
Most patients experience no symptoms or only slight fatigue.
Most patients experience no uncomfortable sensations during the procedure.
Most patients experience one episode only, i.e. without any recurrences.
Most patients experience only minimal discomfort.
Most patients experience pain from cancer as the disease progresses.
Most patients experience pain with bony metastases.
Most patients experience pain.
Most patients experience partial or complete recovery.
Most patients experience persistent symptoms.
Most patients experience problems.
Most patients experience profound distress.
Most patients experience reaction.
Most patients experience relapse after chemotherapy, and therapy for relapse is disappointing.
Most patients experience relief.
Most patients experience respiratory diseases.
Most patients experience respiratory syndromes.
Most patients experience sensation.
Most patients experience several cyanotic red flushes over the face and upper chest.
Most patients experience severe diseases.
Most patients experience severe respiratory diseases.
Most patients experience side effects.
Most patients experience slow progression of symptoms with long periods of stability.
Most patients experience some degree of fatigue during the course of their treatments.
Most patients experience some discomfort during the exam but the procedure is over very quickly.
Most patients experience some improvement in vision after successful surgery.
Most patients experience some mild discomfort.
Most patients experience success.
Most patients experience swelling and pain in the joints, just as in rheumatoid arthritis.
Most patients experience symptoms.
Most patients experience system disorder.
Most patients experience the worst symptoms within a month of disease onset and then recover slowly.
Most patients experience very little discomfort following the procedure.
Most patients experience withdrawal symptoms.
Most patients express concern.
Most patients express high satisfaction with avoiding hospitalization.
Most patients express preference.
Most patients face burdens.
Most patients face pain, often unrelieved, after surgery.
Most patients fail to complete treatment, stopping treatment once they feel better.
Most patients fall asleep during the procedure or find it only slightly uncomfortable.
Most patients fall asleep during the procedure.
Most patients fear the pain and discomfort of needle-based injections.
Most patients feel a deep ache or sharp pain deep in the bone.
Most patients feel a little cramping or discomfort when having a flexible sigmoidoscopy.
Most patients feel a little pulling sensation or no discomfort when having flexible sigmoidoscopy.
Most patients feel an aching pain in the area of the inflammation.
Most patients feel anger.
Most patients feel as if they have the flu for several days.
Most patients feel better after about three days and are able to return to work within one week.
Most patients feel better immediately after an operation for appendicitis.
Most patients feel fine.
Most patients feel groggy and experience only mild discomfort after detoxification.
Most patients feel heat during the treatment and some patients experience discomfort.
Most patients feel heat with a combination of the sensation of a pin prick.
Most patients feel immediate relief from pain following the procedure.
Most patients feel it less than collagen.
Most patients feel just a vibration while others say they feel nothing at all.
Most patients feel less fatigue during the self-administered phase of treatment.
Most patients feel more comfortable seeing the same doctor.
Most patients feel no pain at all and some patients feel only minimal discomfort.
Most patients feel no pain during the treatment.
Most patients feel no pain or discomfort during the treatments and no anesthesia is necessary.
Most patients feel OK and relieved after it is over.
Most patients feel only minimal pain as the needles are inserted, some feel no pain at all.
Most patients feel only minor discomfort.
Most patients feel only the slightest pinch as needles are inserted.
Most patients feel pain.
Most patients feel relaxation for about one hour to several days after treatment.
Most patients feel sharp pain.
Most patients feel some affect of the adjustment immediately.
Most patients feel treatments.
Most patients feel very little discomfort.
Most patients feel very relaxed and have a feeling of deep peace within.
Most patients feel very relaxed and some people fall asleep during treatment.
Most patients feel very relaxed during and after an acupuncture treatment.
Most patients feel well enough to get up on the evening of the day they have their operation.
Most patients feel well enough to go home the day of surgery.
Most patients find acupuncture treatment very relaxing.
Most patients find diets.
Most patients find doctors.
Most patients find exercise by walking natural and easy to perform.
Most patients find food diets.
Most patients find laser procedures remarkably comfortable.
Most patients find medicine.
Most patients find options.
Most patients find our program easy to do.
Most patients find out the truth for themselves at some point.
Most patients find situations.
Most patients find that an assistant at home is a necessity for the first three days.
Most patients find that recovery is hard work.
Most patients find that regular Chiropractic care help maintain sound health and fitness.
Most patients find that riding helps to improve their balance, mobility and co-ordination.
Most patients find that the longer-acting medications permit twice per day dosing.
Most patients find that the pain is worse when they are sitting.
Most patients find that they can gradually increase their activity levels thereafter.
Most patients find the treatments very relaxing and many fall asleep during the treatment.
Most patients find the treatments very relaxing and many fall asleep during the treatments.
Most patients find their quality of life improved after transplant.
Most patients find their situations easier to handle when they know the facts.
Most patients find themselves back in their normal routine within a day or two.
Most patients find treatments.
Most patients finish the program in six to eight weeks.
Most patients first develop an itchy skin rash.
Most patients first present with a lump or mass in the mouth, throat, or neck.
Most patients focus on symptoms.
Most patients follow diets.
Most patients follow guidelines.
Most patients follow prevention guidelines.
Most patients follow recommendations.
Most patients follow simple steps.
Most patients follow steps.
Most patients gain back at least some of their language abilities.
Most patients get abdominal pain.
Most patients get better anyway.
Most patients get better with time and simply require reassurance.
Most patients get blood.
Most patients get breaths.
Most patients get chemotherapy.
Most patients get headaches.
Most patients get illnesses.
Most patients get into habits.
Most patients get little long term relief.
Most patients get long term relief.
Most patients get lots of chemotherapy, which helps, but most people survive only three years.
Most patients get medicine.
Most patients get out of bed later the same day, and are walking by the following morning.
Most patients get out of the hospital in about two days.
Most patients get over their phobias after about two months in the program.
Most patients get pain.
Most patients get relief.
Most patients get surgery.
Most patients get term relief.
Most patients get treatments.
Most patients give consent.
Most patients give dental advances, which come with less pain than ever, a thumbs-up.
Most patients go home the next morning.
Most patients go home the same day or the next morning.
Most patients go home the same day, but some are required to stay in the hospital overnight.
Most patients go home the same day.
Most patients go home within a few hours of surgery, but some require an overnight stay.
Most patients go home within five days of the surgery, and are recovered fully within two weeks.
Most patients go home, rehabilitated and well .
Most patients go into hospital quickly after a consultant has decided that treatment is needed.
Most patients go through stages.
Most patients go to doctors.
Most patients have a dual-diagnosis.
Most patients have a familial occurrence of symptoms of atopy.
Most patients have a favorable outcome.
Most patients have a good response to enzyme treatment.
Most patients have a history of alcoholism and poor nutrition.
Most patients have a history of exposure to ticks or tick infested areas.
Most patients have a lower level of consciousness.
Most patients have a mild illness and recover without specific treatment.
Most patients have a mixture of the two.
Most patients have a monoclonal paraprotein band, usually of the IgG type.
Most patients have a normal life span with cosmesis being the major concern.
Most patients have a normal life span.
Most patients have a normal life-span expectancy.
Most patients have a normal mental development but some are mildly retarded.
Most patients have a recurrence of depression within five years after treatment has stopped.
Most patients have a single adenoma .
Most patients have a single adenoma.
Most patients have a slim chest, a slouching posture and younger children commonly have potbellies.
Most patients have a slowly declining clinical course.
Most patients have a stable clinical course but are often transfusion dependent.
Most patients have a variety of complex illnesses and issues.
Most patients have a wide variety of complaints.
Most patients have a wonderful response and are happy to once again be of one color.
Most patients have abdominal pain.
Most patients have ability.
Most patients have abnormal pupils.
Most patients have abnormal values.
Most patients have abnormalities.
Most patients have access to quality doctors and a wealth of information.
Most patients have accurate information.
Most patients have acute diseases.
Most patients have acute illnesses.
Most patients have acute liver diseases.
Most patients have acute respiratory illnesses.
Most patients have additional abnormalities.
Most patients have advanced disease at diagnosis.
Most patients have advantage.
Most patients have ages.
Most patients have alcoholic liver diseases.
Most patients have allergic reaction.
Most patients have allergies.
Most patients have alternatives.
Most patients have amino acid deficiencies.
Most patients have an acute transient increase in their blood pressure.
Most patients have an adnexal mass on pelvic examination.
Most patients have an elevated level of immunoglobulin E in their serum.
Most patients have an episode of rejection even with medication.
Most patients have an interstitial pattern and do well in general.
Most patients have an uneasy feeling of being out of control in terms of their care.
Most patients have an uneventful recovery from surgery.
Most patients have ancestry.
Most patients have antibodies.
Most patients have arteries.
Most patients have artery diseases.
Most patients have assessments.
Most patients have autoimmune antibodies.
Most patients have average intake.
Most patients have balance disorder.
Most patients have better outcomes.
Most patients have better range of motion and limp less.
Most patients have better things to do than to email their doctor constantly.
Most patients have bilateral involvement.
Most patients have blood flow problems.
Most patients have blood in the urine for a few days after treatment.
Most patients have blood in their urine for a few days after treatment.
Most patients have blood sugar abnormalities.
Most patients have blood.
Most patients have bone marrow, lymph node, and splenic involvement.
Most patients have bones.
Most patients have both the malignant tumor as well as hepatic cirrhosis.
Most patients have both types of reaction.
Most patients have bowel movement.
Most patients have breathe problems.
Most patients have breaths.
Most patients have bypass surgery.
Most patients have cardiovascular diseases.
Most patients have cell abnormalities.
Most patients have chemotherapy as outpatients.
Most patients have chest pain.
Most patients have circulatory problems.
Most patients have cold feet and hands, and they are often cold in a warm room.
Most patients have concern.
Most patients have conditions.
Most patients have constant pain.
Most patients have constipation.
Most patients have corneal clouding, which can interfere with vision.
Most patients have coronary artery diseases.
Most patients have coronary diseases.
Most patients have daily intake.
Most patients have damage.
Most patients have data to six months but some only to three months.
Most patients have deficiencies.
Most patients have dental procedures.
Most patients have difficulty in telling time or making change.
Most patients have diseases.
Most patients have disorder.
Most patients have eat meat.
Most patients have eat red meat.
Most patients have economic status.
Most patients have effects.
Most patients have effort.
Most patients have elevations of the erythrocyte sedimentation rate during the systemic phase.
Most patients have episodes.
Most patients have excellent prognosis and can expect to live ten years or longer.
Most patients have excellent prognosis.
Most patients have expectancy.
Most patients have extensive radiation treatments.
Most patients have extensive treatments.
Most patients have external radiation therapy, but some patients have both types.
Most patients have families.
Most patients have fatal outcomes.
Most patients have fear.
Most patients have fever, but frank rigors are unusual.
Most patients have fevers.
Most patients have few options.
Most patients have few other options.
Most patients have follow laboratory values.
Most patients have follow symptoms.
Most patients have food sensitivity.
Most patients have food.
Most patients have frequent infections and demonstrably defective cellular immunity.
Most patients have full range of motion and can return to activities with no limitations.
Most patients have gastrointestinal symptoms.
Most patients have genetic disorder.
Most patients have guidance.
Most patients have have opportunity.
Most patients have have results.
Most patients have have symptoms.
Most patients have headache, fever, myalgia, and cough, which usually produces mucopurulent sputum.
Most patients have health concern.
Most patients have heart diseases.
Most patients have heart problems.
Most patients have hips.
Most patients have hormones.
Most patients have hospitals.
Most patients have hundreds of lesions.
Most patients have illnesses.
Most patients have impairment.
Most patients have improvement.
Most patients have include cardiovascular diseases.
Most patients have indolent mastocytosis, and have a good prognosis.
Most patients have information.
Most patients have injections.
Most patients have insulin reaction.
Most patients have intact immune defenses.
Most patients have issues.
Most patients have kidney diseases.
Most patients have kidney problems.
Most patients have legs.
Most patients have limits.
Most patients have little discomfort during their hospital stay.
Most patients have little or no pain after the procedure.
Most patients have liver diseases.
Most patients have livers.
Most patients have local recurrences.
Most patients have low bones.
Most patients have low muscle tone, especially in the upper body.
Most patients have lower legs.
Most patients have lung diseases.
Most patients have many years of painless knee function.
Most patients have measurable diseases.
Most patients have meat.
Most patients have mechanical disadvantage.
Most patients have memory.
Most patients have mild disease with excessive bleeding after surgery or trauma.
Most patients have minimal discomfort during the exam and require only small amounts of medication.
Most patients have mistletoe injections.
Most patients have more medical information at their fingertips than does the typical physician.
Most patients have more than one kind of pain in the course of the year.
Most patients have movement.
Most patients have muscular conditions.
Most patients have nausea and lack of appetite.
Most patients have negative rapid strep tests.
Most patients have negative tests.
Most patients have no activity restrictions and can expect to lead a nearly normal life.
Most patients have no bruising at all.
Most patients have no hyperuricemia or hyperuricosuria.
Most patients have no increase in complications if surgery is delayed.
Most patients have no other health problems.
Most patients have no recourse if the managed care company refuses to provide medical care.
Most patients have no side effects at all or only mild ones that are easily managed.
Most patients have no symptoms from glaucoma.
Most patients have no symptoms while taking clomiphene.
Most patients have no symptoms.
Most patients have no trouble with the usual side effects.
Most patients have no underlying primary colon disease.
Most patients have nodules, infiltrates, or masses by thoracic imaging and autopsy.
Most patients have normal mentality, except when vascular lesions invade the cerebral tissue.
Most patients have occurrences.
Most patients have oily skins.
Most patients have one such cyst.
Most patients have only a few.
Most patients have only mild discomfort during the procedure.
Most patients have only mild symptoms such as hypoactivity and fatigue.
Most patients have only mild symptoms, such as irritation in both eyes and cosmetic concerns.
Most patients have only minor discomfort after surgery.
Most patients have only one eye operated upon at a time.
Most patients have only one to three sentinel lymph nodes under the arm.
Most patients have only one treatment.
Most patients have options.
Most patients have other options.
Most patients have other serious health concern.
Most patients have other symptoms as well, in which case they have generalized myasthenia gravis.
Most patients have outcomes.
Most patients have pain.
Most patients have parents.
Most patients have part of the colon or rectum removed in an operation called a colectomy.
Most patients have physiological abnormalities.
Most patients have problems.
Most patients have procedures.
Most patients have proper supervision.
Most patients have protein intake.
Most patients have pruritus, but some have no symptoms.
Most patients have pulmonary diseases.
Most patients have pupils.
Most patients have quality.
Most patients have radiation treatments.
Most patients have rapid tests.
Most patients have reaction.
Most patients have red meat.
Most patients have remarkably little discomfort.
Most patients have renal diseases.
Most patients have requirements.
Most patients have resistance.
Most patients have respiratory effort.
Most patients have respiratory illnesses.
Most patients have rights.
Most patients have salt sensitivity.
Most patients have seizure disorder.
Most patients have seizures.
Most patients have sensitivity.
Most patients have serious concern.
Most patients have severe abdominal pain.
Most patients have severe abnormalities.
Most patients have severe allergic reaction.
Most patients have severe pain.
Most patients have severe problems.
Most patients have severe reaction.
Most patients have severe symptoms.
Most patients have side effects.
Most patients have significant improvement.
Most patients have similar symptoms.
Most patients have some blood in the urine for a few days.
Most patients have some polymorphonuclear leukocyte dysfunction, often for chemotaxis.
Most patients have some short-term local swelling and pain.
Most patients have some soreness of their arm.
Most patients have some sort of residual damage in their spine.
Most patients have specific expectations about their labor and delivery.
Most patients have stages.
Most patients have status.
Most patients have strep tests.
Most patients have strong reaction.
Most patients have successful surgery.
Most patients have such conditions.
Most patients have supervision.
Most patients have surgery procedures.
Most patients have surgery.
Most patients have symmetric cardiomegaly, with some degree of right sided enlargement.
Most patients have symptoms.
Most patients have tendencies.
Most patients have term kidney problems.
Most patients have tests.
Most patients have the ability to freely choose their physician, hospital and system of care.
Most patients have the bone marrow sampled from the pelvis.
Most patients have the device implanted during their surgery.
Most patients have the dry type.
Most patients have the illusion that when the pain is gone, their problem is gone.
Most patients have the sampling done through the abdominal wall.
Most patients have the superficial form of bladder cancer, which poses little threat of metastasis.
Most patients have their tumors discovered as an incidental finding on radiographs or bone scans.
Most patients have threaten diseases.
Most patients have three or four touch-up treatments per year.
Most patients have thrombocytopenia.
Most patients have thumbs.
Most patients have thyroids.
Most patients have to sign a broad consent form as a condition of treatment.
Most patients have treatments.
Most patients have trench fevers.
Most patients have trouble.
Most patients have types.
Most patients have underlie conditions.
Most patients have underlying nutritional deficiencies.
Most patients have unrelated parents and have inherited a different mutation from each.
Most patients have values.
Most patients have vascular disorder.
Most patients have very good vision by morning.
Most patients have very gradual progression of symptoms, often over many years or decades.
Most patients have very little discomfort following a biopsy.
Most patients have weight.
Most patients have wilson diseases.
Most patients haven t needed to come back for in-residence treatment.
Most patients heal quickly and without complications.
Most patients heal with conservative therapy.
Most patients heal within four weeks.
Most patients hear heartbeats.
Most patients here are on death s front porch.
Most patients however can expect to undergo surgery without any complications.
Most patients identify a pain score of two to three as something they can manage.
Most patients improve during pregnancy.
Most patients improve effectiveness.
Most patients improve rapidly.
Most patients improve significantly after treatment.
Most patients improve spontaneously without specific therapy.
Most patients improve status.
Most patients improve with therapy.
Most patients improve with time and minimal treatment.
Most patients improve with time.
Most patients improve within days to weeks if treated very early.
Most patients increase the amplitude of their waveforms with less narrowing.
Most patients indicate that the discomfort is minimal once they arrive at home.
Most patients indicate that their eyes look and feel more rested and youthful after blepharoplasty.
Most patients infect with b viruses.
Most patients infect with human immunodeficiency viruses.
Most patients infect with immunodeficiency viruses.
Most patients infect with viruses.
Most patients inform doctors.
Most patients ingest proteins.
Most patients ingest total proteins.
Most patients initially complain of impaired recent memory.
Most patients initially seek medical care because of cervical or inguinal lymph node enlargement.
Most patients initially try pain relievers, which are still considered first-line therapy.
Most patients initiate their medical treatment by seeing a neurologist.
Most patients keep the weight off for good.
Most patients keep their eyes closed.
Most patients keep their symptoms a secret because they are so ashamed of their problem.
Most patients know what the results is.
Most patients lead active lifestyle.
Most patients lead lifestyle.
Most patients lead normal lives with proper treatment.
Most patients learn to administer the medication themselves quite easily.
Most patients leave our facilities within an hour or two of surgery.
Most patients leave the department and resume normal activities.
Most patients leave the hospital the same day or the following day.
Most patients leave the surgery center within one hour to recover at home.
Most patients lie back and rest, to let their treatment sink in for the next half hour.
Most patients lie on beds.
Most patients lie on right sides.
Most patients lie on sides.
Most patients lie on tables.
Most patients lift knees.
Most patients listen to their doctors and act on their advice.
Most patients live a normal life with rare hospitalization.
Most patients live for periods.
Most patients live in communities.
Most patients live in rural areas near rivers or wetlands.
Most patients look around the room, especially while they're talking.
Most patients lose body weight.
Most patients lose interest in their normal activities and feel detached from other people.
Most patients lose significant weight.
Most patients lose their teeth when they are young.
Most patients lose track of time.
Most patients lose very small amounts of blood.
Most patients lose weight, usually due to inadequate intake of nutrients.
Most patients lose weight.
Most patients maintain ability.
Most patients maintain abnormal reaction.
Most patients maintain diets.
Most patients maintain enough peripheral vision to walk unaided.
Most patients maintain good hygiene.
Most patients maintain good oral hygiene.
Most patients maintain hygiene.
Most patients maintain oral hygiene.
Most patients maintain quality of life and also the cost of the treatment is significantly lower.
Most patients maintain reaction.
Most patients maintain some peripheral vision, with only a few requiring guide dogs for mobility.
Most patients maintain that loss while on the drug.
Most patients make a complete recovery from myocarditis.
Most patients make a complete recovery from surgery and go on to lead a comfortable, normal life.
Most patients make a complete recovery without treatment.
Most patients make a reasonable work and social adjustment.
Most patients make best choices.
Most patients make best treatment choices.
Most patients make choices.
Most patients make full recoveries without sequelae.
Most patients manage symptoms.
Most patients manage well using only eye drops to freeze the eye.
Most patients meet conditions.
Most patients never require pacing, and their wires are removed uneventfully.
Most patients note a profound emotional experience as soon as they rouse from the anesthesia.
Most patients note significant improvement in their near vision without glasses.
Most patients note significant improvement.
Most patients note that they can do most things without glasses or contacts after the procedure.
Most patients notice a lump or swelling in their neck and seek medical advice.
Most patients notice a mass or a pain or swelling in one testicle.
Most patients notice a significant improvement in their vision that day.
Most patients notice an improvement in their symptoms within several days.
Most patients notice an increase in alertness and energy.
Most patients notice dramatic improvement almost immediately.
Most patients notice improvement as early as the following day.
Most patients now receive either a clot-busting drug or angioplasty to treat their heart attacks.
Most patients obtain accurate information.
Most patients obtain information.
Most patients obtain results.
Most patients only feel a sensation of a small pinch, followed by a comfortable warmness.
Most patients only feel minimal discomfort like a rubberband snap lasting only a few seconds.
Most patients only feel pressure or heaviness when a needle is inserted.
Most patients only require a single overnight polysomnogram.
Most patients operated for pulmonary stenosis go on to lead normal lives.
Most patients overdo the diet and fluid limitations on holidays just as regular people do.
Most patients pay attention.
Most patients perceive the loss of a tooth or teeth as a damaging event to their well being.
Most patients perform activities.
Most patients perform normal activities.
Most patients prefer a community-based service, but it is a little more expensive to provide.
Most patients prefer general anesthesia.
Most patients prefer no pain to less pain.
Most patients prefer the cheekbrush sample because it can be done at home and is painless.
Most patients prefer the feed to be moist.
Most patients prefer the injections instead of having their testicles removed.
Most patients prefer to be at home whenever possible.
Most patients prefer to be at home.
Most patients prefer to be sedated.
Most patients prefer to recover at home.
Most patients prefer to wear sweats, jogging suits, or loose fitting clothing.
Most patients present a serious depression of the myocardium, with extremely low cardiac indices.
Most patients present extensive damage due to traction lesions.
Most patients present in early childhood or in the neonatal period.
Most patients present severe symptoms.
Most patients present with a constant dull pain that progresses slowly.
Most patients present with abnormalities.
Most patients present with dyspnea.
Most patients presenting with symptoms of croup have viral croup.
Most patients produce enough insulin.
Most patients produce insulin.
Most patients progress from chronic phase to a fatal blast crisis in five years.
Most patients pursue treatments.
Most patients quickly resume sitting.
Most patients quit 'cold turkey.
Most patients range in ages.
Most patients reach adolescence.
Most patients reach healthy weight levels from twelve to eighteen months after surgery.
Most patients receive a kidney from someone who has died in hospital on a life support machine.
Most patients receive about nine arcs.
Most patients receive advice.
Most patients receive antibiotic therapy.
Most patients receive appropriate treatments.
Most patients receive assistance.
Most patients receive best possible care.
Most patients receive both types of radiation therapy.
Most patients receive breathe treatments.
Most patients receive breaths.
Most patients receive care.
Most patients receive chemotherapy as outpatients.
Most patients receive chemotherapy from their oncologist.
Most patients receive chemotherapy, radiation therapy, or both.
Most patients receive colony stimulate factors.
Most patients receive combination therapy.
Most patients receive combine therapy.
Most patients receive comprehensive care.
Most patients receive concrete guidelines about time off from work, activities, etc. after surgery.
Most patients receive continuous renal replacement therapy.
Most patients receive conventional treatments.
Most patients receive corticosteroid therapy.
Most patients receive diagnoses.
Most patients receive endocrine therapy.
Most patients receive enough methadone for one or two weeks.
Most patients receive external beam radiation treatments.
Most patients receive factors.
Most patients receive fluid.
Most patients receive hospice care in their own homes or even the homes of relatives.
Most patients receive inappropriate treatments.
Most patients receive information.
Most patients receive insulin therapy.
Most patients receive intravenous fluid.
Most patients receive intravenous therapy.
Most patients receive iv fluid.
Most patients receive juice.
Most patients receive maintenance.
Most patients receive mechanical ventilation.
Most patients receive medical care.
Most patients receive medicine.
Most patients receive nebulised salbutamol before chest physiotherapy.
Most patients receive one dose before and one dose after surgery.
Most patients receive periodontal services as part of their comprehensive care.
Most patients receive preparation.
Most patients receive prescriptions.
Most patients receive prolong therapy.
Most patients receive radiation therapy.
Most patients receive renal therapy.
Most patients receive replacement therapy.
Most patients receive semi-private rooms, unless a private room is medically required.
Most patients receive several manipulations for low back pain.
Most patients receive some sort of topical drying therapy to promote healing.
Most patients receive standard therapy.
Most patients receive standard treatments.
Most patients receive such combine therapy.
Most patients receive systemic treatments.
Most patients receive term treatments.
Most patients receive testosterone-lowering drugs that initially control the disease.
Most patients receive the radiation treatments on an outpatient basis.
Most patients receive therapy.
Most patients receive three separate internal implantation treatments, separated by a week.
Most patients receive touchup treatments once or twice a year.
Most patients receive treatment in an outpatient part of the hospital or at the doctor's office.
Most patients receive treatments.
Most patients receive vaccines.
Most patients receive ventilation.
Most patients receiving maggot therapy treatment have no pain.
Most patients recognize early symptoms.
Most patients recognize symptoms.
Most patients recover but many have long-term disabilities of varying severity.
Most patients recover completely from hysterectomy.
Most patients recover completely from viral meningitis.
Most patients recover completely in weeks to years, but many are paralyzed for a time.
Most patients recover completely.
Most patients recover erectile function three to six months after surgery.
Most patients recover from dehydration.
Most patients recover from gastroenteritis.
Most patients recover from gestational trophoblastic disease and do very well.
Most patients recover from gyromitrin poisoning.
Most patients recover from injuries.
Most patients recover fully after a few days, and are able to resume normal activity.
Most patients recover fully if treated with antibiotics during the initial stage.
Most patients recover fully, although the disease can cause permanent neurological damage or death.
Most patients recover fully.
Most patients recover if they receive prompt treatment.
Most patients recover in about a week, although long-term joint pain occurs in some people.
Most patients recover in about a week.
Most patients recover in three to four months, but about half have recurrences for several years.
Most patients recover quickly without treatment.
Most patients recover reasonably well, but unfortunately some lose their sight permanently.
Most patients recover spontaneously.
Most patients recover to good health within several months without any treatment.
Most patients recover uneventfully.
Most patients recover well, but unfortunately some lose their sight permanently.
Most patients recover with early diagnosis and prompt hospital treatment, but some cases are fatal.
Most patients recover with no serious long term health problems.
Most patients recover without specific therapy.
Most patients recover without surgery.
Most patients recover.
Most patients recuperate fully within the first three months, return to work and have active lives.
Most patients reduce consumption.
Most patients regain good control by three months.
Most patients regain normal health with treatment.
Most patients regain renal function, and many regain baseline renal function.
Most patients relate a history of a recent prick injury at the site of infection.
Most patients rely on information.
Most patients remain asymptomatic for long periods, frequently for life.
Most patients remain chronically infected.
Most patients remain stable and the percentage of severely symptomatic patients increases with age.
Most patients remain well for many months afterwards.
Most patients remember nothing about their treatment.
Most patients report a significant reduction of their symptoms within a six to eight week time span.
Most patients report a slight pressure sensation during the procedure.
Most patients report a sudden onset of a widespread pruritic papular eruption.
Most patients report an increase in number and size of individual lesions with advancing age.
Most patients report bone pain.
Most patients report contact.
Most patients report diets.
Most patients report either a stinging sensation or no pain at all.
Most patients report fatigue both in the morning and at the end of the day.
Most patients report feelings.
Most patients report free diets.
Most patients report going back to their normal activity level the next day.
Most patients report illnesses.
Most patients report improved vision after treatment.
Most patients report improvement.
Most patients report intake.
Most patients report little if any sensitivity to the procedure.
Most patients report little or no discomfort at the time of exposure.
Most patients report little or no discomfort following the procedure.
Most patients report menstrual-like cramping.
Most patients report mild discomfort, but strong pain medicine is uncommonly required.
Most patients report multiple recurrences for a specific joint.
Most patients report pain.
Most patients report relief.
Most patients report remarkable results.
Most patients report respiratory illnesses.
Most patients report results.
Most patients report sensation.
Most patients report serious illnesses.
Most patients report serious respiratory illnesses.
Most patients report shoulder pain.
Most patients report strong sensation.
Most patients report symptoms.
Most patients report taste sensation.
Most patients report that being hypnotized is very comfortable and relaxing.
Most patients report that massage is one of the most positive parts of their treatment program.
Most patients report that the pain is worst when getting out of bed in the morning .
Most patients report that the recovery is similiar to the palate procedure.
Most patients report that they return to their normal activity schedule within a day or two.
Most patients request directions to the hospital.
Most patients require a muscle biopsy.
Most patients require a number of followup treatments.
Most patients require a period of hospitalization.
Most patients require a second or third session after which time the muscle loss is more permanent.
Most patients require a three-day hospital stay for a total shoulder replacement.
Most patients require about three days to get used to breathing through the tracheostomy tube.
Most patients require advice about exercise and stress reduction.
Most patients require assessments.
Most patients require at least a low dose of medication to control tremors and rigidity.
Most patients require azathioprine in addition to steroids.
Most patients require care services.
Most patients require care.
Most patients require critical care services.
Most patients require disease-modifying agents.
Most patients require diuretic therapy.
Most patients require dose reductions.
Most patients require examinations.
Most patients require hospital care.
Most patients require immediate stabilization with pharmacologic treatment.
Most patients require inpatient observation.
Most patients require liposuction of the outer thighs.
Most patients require little or no pain medication.
Most patients require little, if any pain medication.
Most patients require management.
Most patients require multiple treatments to achieve stable results.
Most patients require no treatment to correct the malocclusion.
Most patients require one or two days of physical therapy prior to leaving the hospital.
Most patients require one or two more visits to destroy remaining hemorrhoidal tissue.
Most patients require only a local anesthetic combined with a mild sedative.
Most patients require only a single injection of the vaccine for a lifetime of protection.
Most patients require only local anesthesia for the procedure, which takes a little over an hour.
Most patients require only tablets for pain relief.
Most patients require options.
Most patients require prolong therapy.
Most patients require proteins.
Most patients require protocols.
Most patients require radiation therapy with or without chemotherapy.
Most patients require reductions.
Most patients require regular transfusion and develop problems due to iron overload.
Most patients require services.
Most patients require several passes with the needle.
Most patients require surgery as part of their management.
Most patients require therapy.
Most patients require three to ten treatments.
Most patients require treatment options.
Most patients require treatment protocols.
Most patients require treatments.
Most patients require two garments in order to have a freshly laundered one available.
Most patients require two to three appointments to successfully eliminate their halitosis condition.
Most patients require urgent treatments.
Most patients research their decisions extensively prior to choosing a procedure and a provider.
Most patients respond and do well with supportive care alone.
Most patients respond favorable to treatment by a well-qualified and experienced psychologist.
Most patients respond favorably.
Most patients respond in two to four days with complete response in two weeks.
Most patients respond to a reduction in dose.
Most patients respond to antibiotic treatments.
Most patients respond to basic home care just like humans with a head cold.
Most patients respond to combine therapy.
Most patients respond to corticosteroids, cytotoxic drugs, or plasma exchange.
Most patients respond to intracavernous injection of either single or multiple vasoactive drugs.
Most patients respond to physical therapy and exercises.
Most patients respond to regimens that include clarithromycin.
Most patients respond to such measures and have good long-term results.
Most patients respond to surgery.
Most patients respond to therapy with alkylating agents and go into a remission.
Most patients respond to therapy.
Most patients respond to topical corticosteroids and antibacterial creams.
Most patients respond to treatment and they usually go back to work without any restriction.
Most patients respond to treatment by showing partial improvement in neurologic symptoms.
Most patients respond to treatment within a few days.
Most patients respond to treatment within weeks.
Most patients respond to treatments.
Most patients respond well to antifungal therapy.
Most patients respond well to dental treatment.
Most patients respond well to simpler care.
Most patients respond well to therapy.
Most patients respond well to treatment, however, and can return to an active life.
Most patients respond well to treatment.
Most patients respond within several hours by increasing their platelet count to safe levels.
Most patients respond within weeks and many patients' symptoms disappear after six months.
Most patients rest comfortably after surgery and go home the next day.
Most patients resume full activity and employment by the end of the first week.
Most patients resume normal activities in a few days.
Most patients resume normal activities the day following treatment.
Most patients resume normal activities within a few days.
Most patients resume normal activity immediately after treatment.
Most patients resume normal activity in less than a week.
Most patients resume their menstrual period with the next scheduled cycle.
Most patients resume their regular activities the next day.
Most patients resume their regular activities within days after surgery.
Most patients retain functions.
Most patients retain the tendency for many years.
Most patients retain thyroid functions.
Most patients return home later the same day.
Most patients return home the day of surgery or the morning after surgery.
Most patients return home the same day as the procedure.
Most patients return home the same day.
Most patients return the same day to work or school.
Most patients return to a normal lifestyle within a day.
Most patients return to baseline weights in the absence of continued intervention.
Most patients return to eating their favorite foods, gradually at first.
Most patients return to home within four to five days following surgery.
Most patients return to normal activities in one to three days.
Most patients return to normal activities soon after surgery.
Most patients return to normal activities the next day with little or no discomfort.
Most patients return to normal activities the next day.
Most patients return to normal activities three to six weeks following surgery.
Most patients return to normal activities within a few days.
Most patients return to normal activities within one to two weeks of their procedure.
Most patients return to normal activities within weeks of surgery.
Most patients return to normal lung function within a year.
Most patients return to normal within one or two weeks after the antibiotic is stopped.
Most patients return to school the day after discharge.
Most patients return to their homes two days after pacemaker implantation.
Most patients return to their normal activities the next day.
Most patients return to their normal activities within a day or two.
Most patients return to their normal daily activities after either procedure.
Most patients return to their normal daily activities one or two days after their surgery.
Most patients return to their normal level of activity within one to two weeks.
Most patients return to their normal work and lifestyle routines shortly after surgery.
Most patients return to their normal work and lifestyle routines within a day or two.
Most patients return to their usual activities within a few months after a heart attack of surgery.
Most patients return to their usual activities within a few months after a heart attack or surgery.
Most patients return to work and limited activity about two weeks following surgery.
Most patients return to work immediately.
Most patients return to work in several days.
Most patients return to work on the first day following surgery.
Most patients return to work the next day.
Most patients return to work the same day.
Most patients return to work within a week.
Most patients return to work within four weeks of surgery.
Most patients return to work without feeling excessively swollen in about a week.
Most patients say it is nearly painless.
Most patients say no.
Most patients say that it feels like a vibration of a massaging effect.
Most patients say that it is similar to a tooth extraction.
Most patients say that speech has a higher pitch than normal but is usually understandable.
Most patients say the treatment feels like a series of pricks to the skin.
Most patients say their condition is improved as a result of surgery.
Most patients say their eyes feel normal by the next day.
Most patients say they experience little or no discomfort during or after the procedure.
Most patients say they find treatment sessions interesting, informative and relaxing.
Most patients say they have bad feelings after a heart attack.
Most patients see a psychologist on a voluntarily basis.
Most patients see benefits.
Most patients see doctors.
Most patients see improvement.
Most patients see life.
Most patients see results very quickly and experience rapid relief.
Most patients see satisfying results within two months.
Most patients see their doctor only during morning rounds.
Most patients see well enough to drive without glasses after surgery.
Most patients see yellowing and thickening of the nail.
Most patients seek advice because of the itch.
Most patients seek assistance.
Most patients seek attention.
Most patients seek care.
Most patients seek differ opinion.
Most patients seek immediate assistance.
Most patients seek immediate medical assistance.
Most patients seek medical assistance.
Most patients seek medical attention.
Most patients seek medical care.
Most patients seek opinion.
Most patients seek treatment of malocclusion for cosmetic reasons, to help their appearance .
Most patients seem to learn that quite rapidly.
Most patients select their meal ingredients and times from room-service menus.
Most patients send documents.
Most patients send original documents.
Most patients served by consultant pharmacists are elderly residents of long-term care facilities.
Most patients share the cost of medical care through copayments and deductibles.
Most patients show a complete remission without any residual symptoms.
Most patients show anxiety.
Most patients show appetite.
Most patients show effects.
Most patients show evidence.
Most patients show features.
Most patients show growth and mental retardation.
Most patients show improvement.
Most patients show levels.
Most patients show motility.
Most patients show partial responses.
Most patients show production.
Most patients show reaction.
Most patients show responses.
Most patients show side effects.
Most patients show significant improvement.
Most patients show significant progress after a few weeks of therapy.
Most patients show some obvious signs and symptoms of meningitis.
Most patients show startle reaction.
Most patients show strong reaction.
Most patients show symptoms.
Most patients show thickening of the left ventricular wall.
Most patients show weight appetite.
Most patients simply contact the physiotherapist directly.
Most patients sit in positions.
Most patients sit on beds.
Most patients sleep during the entire test.
Most patients sleep quite well with the equipment.
Most patients specify that they have a sinus problem.
Most patients spend a few days in an intensive care unit and about two to three weeks in hospital.
Most patients spend about an hour in the recovery room and then they are moved to the nursing floor.
Most patients spend another day at the hotel.
Most patients spend five to seven days in the hospital after surgery.
Most patients spend the night following surgery in the hospital.
Most patients spend the night in the hospital.
Most patients start diets.
Most patients start to notice pain relief in as soon as one week.
Most patients start with a small dose, and gradually increase the dose to improve their symptoms.
Most patients state that removing the shoes and rubbing the feet provide the best relief.
Most patients state that their illness began with flu-like symptoms that never fully improved.
Most patients stay in the hospital for five days after their surgery.
Most patients stay in the program for three to four weeks.
Most patients stay in the recovery area for a few hours but are able to go home the same day.
Most patients stay in the safe room only overnight.
Most patients still get bleedings that require extra treatment now and then.
Most patients stop being infectious within a couple of weeks of treatment.
Most patients submit samples.
Most patients successfully complete their treatment by the end of their third appointment.
Most patients succumb to cardiorespiratory complications in infancy or childhood.
Most patients succumb to pneumonia or from inanation.
Most patients suffer damage only in the epidermis.
Most patients suffer from abdominal pain.
Most patients suffer from age related macular degeneration.
Most patients suffer from allergic reaction.
Most patients suffer from artery diseases.
Most patients suffer from bone disorder.
Most patients suffer from conditions.
Most patients suffer from coronary artery diseases.
Most patients suffer from coronary diseases.
Most patients suffer from diabetes.
Most patients suffer from diseases.
Most patients suffer from disorder.
Most patients suffer from fevers.
Most patients suffer from health conditions.
Most patients suffer from heart diseases.
Most patients suffer from heartburn.
Most patients suffer from hereditary disorder.
Most patients suffer from immediate allergic reaction.
Most patients suffer from immediate reaction.
Most patients suffer from injuries.
Most patients suffer from issues.
Most patients suffer from kidney diseases.
Most patients suffer from neurological disorder.
Most patients suffer from pain.
Most patients suffer from reaction.
Most patients suffer from skin diseases.
Most patients suffer from such conditions.
Most patients suffer from symptoms.
Most patients suffer from syndromes.
Most patients suffer from types.
Most patients suffer functional impairment.
Most patients suffer impairment.
Most patients suffer major functional impairment.
Most patients suffer no significant sequelae.
Most patients suffer symptoms.
Most patients suffer with an associated depression at one time or another.
Most patients survive and recover.
Most patients survive crush injuries.
Most patients survive for only about a year after diagnosis.
Most patients survive for years.
Most patients survive infancies.
Most patients survive injuries.
Most patients survive situations.
Most patients survive to adult life with minimal transfusion requirements.
Most patients survive to adulthood.
Most patients take a single pill or a combination of pills.
Most patients take a variety of medications.
Most patients take about six months to lose fifty or sixty pounds.
Most patients take between two to four doses per day.
Most patients take blood tests.
Most patients take breaths.
Most patients take capsules.
Most patients take coat capsules.
Most patients take coat peppermint oil capsules.
Most patients take deep inspiration.
Most patients take injections.
Most patients take inspiration.
Most patients take it at bedtime.
Most patients take medicine.
Most patients take peppermint oil capsules.
Most patients take shallow breaths.
Most patients take steroids.
Most patients take tests.
Most patients take therapy.
Most patients take treatments.
Most patients take two or three immunosuppressants.
Most patients take vitamins.
Most patients talk with doctors.
Most patients then can repeat the treatment.
Most patients then use one crutch or a walking stick for a couple of weeks.
Most patients think that the care they are getting is the scientifically correct care.
Most patients tolerate a regimen of cyclic feedings.
Most patients tolerate fluorescein angiography quite well.
Most patients tolerate it reasonably well.
Most patients tolerate it very well with no side effects.
Most patients tolerate the material without difficulty.
Most patients tolerate the medication well.
Most patients tolerate the mild anemia quite well during pregnancy.
Most patients tolerate the procedure well.
Most patients tolerate the radiation therapy well.
Most patients tolerate the sensation without any problems.
Most patients tolerate the surgery well under local anesthesia.
Most patients tolerate the therapy with few side effects.
Most patients tolerate the treatment well.
Most patients treated for early stage disease can retain sexual function and fertility.
Most patients truly appreciate the savings in time.
Most patients try non-invasive therapies first.
Most patients turn to alternative treatments as a last resort.
Most patients turn to complementary medicine out of frustration.
Most patients ultimately respond to the kind of attention NPs give.
Most patients undergo assessments.
Most patients undergo crises.
Most patients undergo examinations.
Most patients undergo food sensitivity tests.
Most patients undergo frequent follow ups.
Most patients undergo genetic tests.
Most patients undergo measurements.
Most patients undergo molecular genetic tests.
Most patients undergo nutrition.
Most patients undergo operations.
Most patients undergo routine examinations.
Most patients undergo routine operations.
Most patients undergo sickle cell crises.
Most patients undergo sickle crises.
Most patients undergo symptoms.
Most patients undergo tests.
Most patients undergo treatments.
Most patients undergoing such examinations also experience considerable anxiety and mental anguish.
Most patients undergoing the new procedure go home in two days.
Most patients understand diagnoses.
Most patients understand factors.
Most patients understand that the disease is sexually transmitted and want to receive treatment.
Most patients understand various factors.
Most patients use a medical insurance plan for services, but no one is turned away.
Most patients use cracks.
Most patients use diets.
Most patients use hormones.
Most patients use medicine.
Most patients use oxygen.
Most patients use questionnaires.
Most patients use some form of symptomatic treatment for migraine.
Most patients use tests.
Most patients use the short acting inhalers at two puffs four daily, either scheduled or as needed.
Most patients using alternative practitioners also receive care from physicians.
Most patients visit a hematologist, an endocrinologist and an ophthalmologist regularly.
Most patients visit clinics.
Most patients visit doctors.
Most patients visit physicians.
Most patients wait under an hour.
Most patients walk into offices.
Most patients wash hands.
Most patients watch television.
Most patients wear a combination of two or more appliances over the course of treatment.
Most patients wear a special helmet during the healing process.
Most patients wear hospital pajamas.
Most patients weigh kgs.
Most patients weigh over kgs.
Most patients welcome that.
Most patients wind up on morphine.
Most patients wind up with smoother, more radiant skin.
Most patients wish to remain at home.
Some patients often find it easier to go up and down stairs or to step over objects.
Some patient can also go to severe stages like coma.
Some patient even use the telephone .
Some patient have the opportunity to benefit from the lateset investigational treatments.
Some patients accept therapy.
Some patients achieve an impressive degree of rehabilitation on long-term dialysis.
Some patients achieve degrees.
Some patients achieve dreams.
Some patients achieve responses.
Some patients acquire impairment in their ability to regulate the arousal level of an emotion.
Some patients actually fall sleep during the process.
Some patients actually report being able to pick up radio stations on their fillings.
Some patients add oil.
Some patients advance through the stages very quickly.
Some patients already have an immune response to their cancer.
Some patients also benefit from drugs that improve emptying of the esophagus and stomach.
Some patients also benefit from stress management.
Some patients also choose to seek a second opinion before starting their treatment.
Some patients also complain of breast swelling, nausea and vomiting.
Some patients also complain of taste disturbances.
Some patients also develop amyloidosis, which can be fatal.
Some patients also develop dementia.
Some patients also develop diabetes or high levels of tryglycerides, a type of fat.
Some patients also develop kidney stones and heart valve problems.
Some patients also develop metabolic acidosis and cardiac arrhythmias.
Some patients also develop retrograde memory loss with a temporal gradient.
Some patients also develop seizures.
Some patients also do well by taking medicines that make the work of the right ventricle easier.
Some patients also experience a permanent loss of feeling in their nipples or breasts.
Some patients also experience a rash.
Some patients also experience a tingling or coldness of extremities.
Some patients also experience fatigue and some swelling.
Some patients also experience jaw pain or hoarsness.
Some patients also experience less serious side effects, including oral ulcers and rash.
Some patients also experience lower back pain.
Some patients also experience malignant hyperthermia.
Some patients also experience reduced mental capacity, ability to concentrate and memory loss.
Some patients also experience shaking movements of the head and arms.
Some patients also experience skin lesions at the injection sites.
Some patients also experience swollen lymph glands.
Some patients also experience twitching and pain.
Some patients also experience unsteadiness and loss of strength.
Some patients also find pads to be bulky.
Some patients also find relief from the heat and movement provided by a whirlpool.
Some patients also have fevers, rashes, lymph node enlargement, and weight problems.
Some patients also have nausea, vomiting, and heartburn.
Some patients also have reactive airways disease.
Some patients also have supravalve or branch pulmonary artery stenosis.
Some patients also note flattening of their cheekbones as they age.
Some patients also notice their skin begins to take on a reddish blush.
Some patients also progress to a second dose during late afternoon or early evening.
Some patients also receive an oral medication called ribavirin.
Some patients also receive antibiotics before the procedure.
Some patients also receive chemotherapy.
Some patients also receive radiation therapy .
Some patients also suffer from depressed mood.
Some patients also suffer from nausea and diarrhoea.
Some patients also suffer from physical complaints such as headaches, upset stomach or back pain.
Some patients also suffer from sleepiness, loss of memory, mood swings and an inability concentrate.
Some patients also suffer occasional seizures .
Some patients alternate between constipation and diarrhea.
Some patients appear only mildly affected, while others are severely affected.
Some patients appear to be cured completely.
Some patients appear to be shopping for suicide doctors.
Some patients appear to have their own idiosyncratic problem foods.
Some patients apply preparation.
Some patients appreciate it.
Some patients are a little uncomfortable.
Some patients are able to ambulate without difficult while others are completely non weight bearing.
Some patients are able to become independent for the first time in their lives.
Some patients are able to complete their rehabilitation while at home.
Some patients are able to contain the infection and keep it under control.
Some patients are able to cough out a good sample for examination.
Some patients are able to live a normal life and are almost or entirely asymptomatic.
Some patients are able to read portions of the book on their own.
Some patients are able to return to work and to their normal lives.
Some patients are able to take part in studies that test new treatments, called clinical trials .
Some patients are able to understand speech much better than previously.
Some patients are affected by epilepsy.
Some patients are against complementary treatment , which of course is their personal opinion.
Some patients are alert and cooperative, while others are in a coma.
Some patients are allergic to abacavir.
Some patients are allergic to certain antibiotics, which can cause skin rashes or other reactions.
Some patients are also candidates for a cord blood transplant, yet another source of cells.
Some patients are also secluded to protect themselves or others.
Some patients are also susceptible to kidney stone formation because of their reflux.
Some patients are also wary of diagnosis by computer.
Some patients are anxious and are lacking in self-confidence.
Some patients are arrested on suspicion.
Some patients are as wary of the venous aspect as the heart surgery itself.
Some patients are asymptomatic and are first identified on routine blood examination.
Some patients are at a significantly increased risk for recurrent preneoplasia.
Some patients are at high risk or ineligible for coronary bypass surgery or balloon angioplasty.
Some patients are aware of tightness and numbness on their face and neck.
Some patients are bedridden while others are homebound.
Some patients are better candidates for voice training or a combination of the two.
Some patients are bitten by animals.
Some patients are bitten by bats.
Some patients are candidates for a heart transplant.
Some patients are candidates for transconjunctival blepharoplasty .
Some patients are constipated, others have diarrhea, and some patients have both.
Some patients are diagnosed with asthma.
Some patients are diagnosed with cancer.
Some patients are diagnosed with diseases.
Some patients are diagnosed with gastrointestinal cancer.
Some patients are diagnosed with hypertension.
Some patients are diagnosed with new onset asthma.
Some patients are diagnosed with onset asthma.
Some patients are divided to groups of healthy and sick.
Some patients are eager to read anything they can get while others are overwhelmed by too much.
Some patients are embarrassed about having to urinate in front of a radiology screen.
Some patients are even able to avoid the use of insulin injections or other insulin medications.
Some patients are even asymptomatic.
Some patients are eventually able to use the telephone.
Some patients are fortunate to have many caregivers, often in the family.
Some patients are free of all symptoms following treatment.
Some patients are genuinely ill but use their illness as an excuse for unacceptable behavior.
Some patients are happy just to be able to drive their car without glasses.
Some patients are high functioning to wheelchair.
Some patients are ignorant of the most fundamental properties of the drugs they are taking.
Some patients are inherently more stable than others.
Some patients are initially skeptical.
Some patients are interested in rechargeable hearing aids.
Some patients are more compliant with therapy than others.
Some patients are more cooperative with certain family members than others.
Some patients are more likely than others to successfully remain seizure free.
Some patients are more likely to become pregnant than others.
Some patients are more likely to experience restenosis than other patients.
Some patients are more lucky than others, however.
Some patients are more susceptible to side effects than others.
Some patients are more urgent than others.
Some patients are near death.
Some patients are nervous about giving blood for any type of test.
Some patients are nervous about participation in clinical studies.
Some patients are on complex regimens of numerous drugs.
Some patients are on the drugs for life, at a crippling financial cost.
Some patients are only mildly affected and make a rapid recovery.
Some patients are particularly prone to recurrent depression.
Some patients are prone to malignant hyperthermia.
Some patients are prone to vaso-vagal reactions.
Some patients are resistant to all therapies.
Some patients are sensitive or even allergic to it, however.
Some patients are severely handicapped, whereas others are virtually asymptomatic.
Some patients are sick enough to require hospitalization.
Some patients are simultaneously in other therapies or on medication.
Some patients are so decompensated that they begin treatment on a respirator.
Some patients are so fearful or have had such bad experiences that they are unable to cooperate.
Some patients are still able to achieve an orgasm.
Some patients are too embarrassed to 'fess up.
Some patients are too embarrassed to fess up.
Some patients are unable to find relief at all.
Some patients are unable to give their own blood.
Some patients are unable to tolerate bright lights in their home.
Some patients are unaware of the differences between ophthalmologists and optometrists.
Some patients are unfortunate enough to pick up multiple infections.
Some patients are unwilling to cooperate.
Some patients are very aggressive in their search for information.
Some patients are very sick and are unable to control themselves.
Some patients are very strong healers and some patients heal less strongly.
Some patients are very susceptible and experience easy bruising.
Some patients are willing to share their experiences with reporters.
Some patients arrive by air from as far away as Alaska and Utah.
Some patients arrive in handcuffs and are well guarded.
Some patients ask for a mild sedative.
Some patients ask for only one small area to be sculpted, while others have many regions treated.
Some patients ask physicians.
Some patients ask their referring doctors for an anti-anxiety prescription.
Some patients attend both kinds of sessions.
Some patients avoid denature food.
Some patients avoid food.
Some patients avoid milk.
Some patients avoid treatments.
Some patients balk at the technology and drop the program.
Some patients become agitated and disoriented, while others become paralysed.
Some patients become agitated and disoriented, while others become paralyzed.
Some patients become angry with their doctors.
Some patients become argumentative, depressed or anxious.
Some patients become chronic carriers of the virus and are a source of infection to their contacts.
Some patients become combative.
Some patients become hypersensitive to light, noise, odors, and changes in the weather.
Some patients become insane.
Some patients become jaundiced.
Some patients become oxygen dependent.
Some patients become paranoid and suspicious of family members.
Some patients become permanent carriers.
Some patients become professional number counters.
Some patients become sensitized to the hormones through topical application.
Some patients become shocks.
Some patients become so relaxed, they fall asleep.
Some patients become totally blind after surgery.
Some patients begin chemotherapy.
Some patients begin follow chemotherapy.
Some patients begin to dread water because of the painful spasms that occur.
Some patients begin to experience excessive tiredness in their legs or leg cramping when they walk.
Some patients begin traditional chemotherapy.
Some patients believe that it is disrespectful to question their doctors, nurses and pharmacists.
Some patients believe that when a tumor darkens at the center after treatment, it is dying.
Some patients believe there are none.
Some patients benefit by high fat diets with restriction of simple carbohydrates.
Some patients benefit by putting simple oil around the anus .
Some patients benefit by putting simple oil around the anus.
Some patients benefit from a combination of medication and therapy.
Some patients benefit from antidepressants or other psychotropic medications.
Some patients benefit from chelation therapy.
Some patients benefit from herbal therapy in combination with other integrated therapies.
Some patients benefit from medication adjustments and others from specialized procedures.
Some patients benefit from medication for pain relief.
Some patients benefit from more complete and frequent counseling and reassurance.
Some patients benefit from more frequent but possibly shorter courses.
Some patients benefit from multi-drug therapy, which requires close monitoring.
Some patients benefit from prolonged therapy.
Some patients benefit from short-term psychotherapy provided by trained professionals.
Some patients benefit from splenectomy.
Some patients benefit from the splenectomy.
Some patients benefit from the use of interferon alfa.
Some patients benefit from use.
Some patients bleed for several days, others for several weeks.
Some patients bleed for several days, then stop.
Some patients bring books or magazines to read.
Some patients bring their favorite pajamas from home.
Some patients build families.
Some patients build up an anxiety circle .
Some patients buy their medicines at three different pharmacies to get the lowest prices.
Some patients can actually taste eye drops as they drain from the nasal passage into the throat.
Some patients can also experience longer-term memory loss.
Some patients can also experience nausea, vomiting and a skin rash.
Some patients can be septic for weeks, months and do ok.
Some patients can be unfair and rude to staff as well.
Some patients can benefit from biofeedback and stress management training.
Some patients can benefit from medications.
Some patients can defeat the virus with their own immune system.
Some patients can develop respiratory failure.
Some patients can develop spontaneous pneumoperitoneum.
Some patients can develop surgical complications or anesthetic complications.
Some patients can eat just a small amount.
Some patients can even get a spontaneous remission without receiving any therapy at all.
Some patients can even have double vision from astigmatism.
Some patients can eventually discontinue glaucoma medication.
Some patients can experience irritation of the nasal passages similar to hay fever.
Some patients can experience symptoms with as little as a stick of chewing gum.
Some patients can feel a mass in the upper abdomen.
Some patients can go home by the seventh or eighth day and continue independent exercises at home.
Some patients can have an enlarged spleen and lymph nodes.
Some patients can have bleeding or infection.
Some patients can have effects.
Some patients can have same effects.
Some patients can have the defect fixed by having an clam-shaped plug placed over the opening.
Some patients can keep oral speech, although impaired.
Some patients can leave the hospital earlier as the diagnostic process is speeded up.
Some patients can make use of alternative means of communication.
Some patients can manage their diabetes with weight loss and changes in their diet.
Some patients can no longer work outside their homes or full-time.
Some patients can pinpoint the area in the chest where the food gets stuck.
Some patients can tolerate large doses of coffee.
Some patients can tolerate reintroduction of gluten into the diet after prolonged abstinence.
Some patients can undergo the procedure without any medication at all.
Some patients can use a breathing pressure machine at night.
Some patients can wait longer.
Some patients carry cards.
Some patients carry two in case more than one dose is needed in an emergency.
Some patients cause outbreaks.
Some patients cause subsequent outbreaks.
Some patients change diets.
Some patients check levels.
Some patients check potassium levels.
Some patients choose prophylactic surgery.
Some patients choose spots.
Some patients choose to do hemodialysis at home.
Some patients choose to go at a steady pace.
Some patients choose to have both eyes done on the same day.
Some patients choose to have surgery on one eye at a time.
Some patients choose to pay entirely out of pocket, with no insurance involvement.
Some patients choose to pay for testing themselves in order to keep their testing confidential.
Some patients claim cold packs make a gout attack more painful so use heat packs instead.
Some patients clearly are alive and disease-free a decade or more after initial relapse.
Some patients combine different activities, such as aqua-jogging, swimming, and stationary cycling.
Some patients come all the way from southern and northen Japan.
Some patients come from abroad.
Some patients come from areas.
Some patients come here literally every week for a year and then nothing more.
Some patients come in only once and others who have to be monitered more closely come in more often.
Some patients come in the morning of surgery for the first time.
Some patients come in with a diagnosis of fibromyalgia that is almost all right-sided.
Some patients come to courts.
Some patients come to depend on laxatives and even enemas to alleviate the constipation.
Some patients come very often.
Some patients come with medical records that are several volumes long.
Some patients come with questions about abnormal liver test results.
Some patients commit suicide.
Some patients compare it to an oven mitt or a boxing glove.
Some patients complain about the confusion.
Some patients complain of blurry vision.
Some patients complain of color distortion.
Some patients complain of cramping and pain in the pelvic area and nausea after the procedure.
Some patients complain of diarrhea.
Some patients complain of fatigue.
Some patients complain of glare and halos.
Some patients complain of headaches.
Some patients complain of irritability, eye strain, headaches, or mania.
Some patients complain of minor cramping during the saline instillation.
Some patients complain of pain across the iliolumbar area bilaterally.
Some patients complain of pain with swallowing or chest pain that mimics angina.
Some patients complain of post-operative discomfort secondary to the removal of palatal tissue.
Some patients complain of stomach bloating.
Some patients complain of taste.
Some patients complain of thirsts.
Some patients complain of urinary frequency caused by bladder spasms.
Some patients complain of vertigo and tinnitus.
Some patients complain that radiation therapy makes their tongue sensitive.
Some patients complain that the area of skin where the radiation is placed feels sunburned.
Some patients complain that the pills have an unpleasant smell and taste.
Some patients complain that the system applies too much pressure making it difficult to exhale.
Some patients complain that the tutti-frutti taste is bitter.
Some patients complain that their eyelids form crusts and stick together in the morning.
Some patients complain that they have nothing to do.
Some patients completely recover with a few weeks without rehabilitation.
Some patients completely stop having their menstrual cycle and go through premature menopause.
Some patients consider a bite splint worn in the mouth to reposition the jaw during sleep.
Some patients consider certain aspects of their appearance to denote their character .
Some patients consider having debulking, a type of reconstructive surgery to help the situation.
Some patients consider making major dietary changes before their transplant.
Some patients consider states.
Some patients consume alcohol.
Some patients consume gingers.
Some patients consume oatmeals.
Some patients consume papaya.
Some patients continue fluid restrictions.
Some patients continue restrictions.
Some patients continue same restrictions.
Some patients continue to complain for the sake of complaining.
Some patients continue to deteriorate, though.
Some patients continue to fracture even when they are placed on effective treatments.
Some patients continue to have a slight hand tremor.
Some patients continue to have problems after being cured because of damage caused by the disease.
Some patients continue to have severe symptoms despite medications.
Some patients continue to require supplemental gastrostomy feedings.
Some patients continue treatments.
Some patients contribute to death.
Some patients control care.
Some patients control diarrhea.
Some patients cook oatmeals.
Some patients cough up brown colored plugs of mucus.
Some patients cough up brown-coloured plugs of mucus.
Some patients crave salt.
Some patients decide to participate in investigational treatment studies if they are available.
Some patients decide to try again, but the odds are no better in a second operation.
Some patients decrease in the amount of hormones excreted after stimulation.
Some patients demonstrate a literal alexia, unable to recognize any written letters.
Some patients demonstrate allergies.
Some patients demonstrate blood levels.
Some patients demonstrate high levels.
Some patients demonstrate levels.
Some patients demonstrate low levels.
Some patients demonstrate physical restraint.
Some patients demonstrate reaction.
Some patients demonstrate restraint.
Some patients demonstrate slow growth and others rapid growth of their metastatic cells.
Some patients describe being in an almost trancelike state while picking at lesions.
Some patients describe concurrent sore throat, fever or arthralgias.
Some patients describe difficulty falling asleep, restlessness, or racing thoughts.
Some patients describe dysaesthesia in a similar distribution and some limb or joint pain.
Some patients describe fatigue, bleeding or weight loss.
Some patients describe genital and rectal throbbing sensations as well.
Some patients describe it as electrical shocks.
Some patients describe numbness, tingling and poor circulation.
Some patients describe the feeling as a slight pinch or tingling sensation.
Some patients describe the pain as like a sledgehammer slamming bone.
Some patients describe their skin as feeling tight.
Some patients desire more of a result and repeat surgery, it is an individual thing.
Some patients determine care.
Some patients develop a distinctive purple rash.
Some patients develop a liver toxicity with azathioprine.
Some patients develop a rash, which can be flat or bumpy.
Some patients develop a rheumatoid factor-positive polyarthritis.
Some patients develop a slight, dry cough because of a lung inflammation known as pneumonitis.
Some patients develop a small leak of fluid from the inner ear.
Some patients develop a transient accelerated phase before the development of overt blast crisis.
Some patients develop anemia due to the inflammation and chronic blood loss.
Some patients develop anemia.
Some patients develop areas.
Some patients develop arthritis.
Some patients develop asthma during pregnancy.
Some patients develop bacterial pneumonia.
Some patients develop breathe problems.
Some patients develop bruises along the lower eyelids as well.
Some patients develop changes in the function of their thyroid.
Some patients develop complications that can require hospitalization.
Some patients develop coughs.
Some patients develop deep vertical folds in the midface.
Some patients develop dementia as the disease progresses.
Some patients develop diabetes.
Some patients develop disc neovascularization and vitreous hemorrhage.
Some patients develop disorders of salt and water metabolism following pituitary surgery.
Some patients develop dry coughs.
Some patients develop encephalitis with disorientation, convulsions, paralysis, coma and death.
Some patients develop eye symptoms of halos, photophobia , and dry eyes.
Some patients develop fever , decreased appetite, and weight loss.
Some patients develop fevers.
Some patients develop folliculitis.
Some patients develop grade fevers.
Some patients develop hemihypertrophy.
Some patients develop high blood pressure.
Some patients develop hypoxemia, hypercapnia, erythrocytosis, and right heart failure.
Some patients develop internal fistulae with the urinary bladder or the vagina.
Some patients develop interstitial lung disease.
Some patients develop lymphatic dysfunction causing lymphedema .
Some patients develop nodular swellings on the forearms called rheumatoid nodules.
Some patients develop pleural effusions, hemorrhage, and die of shock.
Some patients develop pneumonia.
Some patients develop post-surgical nausea from anesthesia.
Some patients develop problems with pain, blood in the urine, and hypertension.
Some patients develop problems.
Some patients develop psychological dependence when taking prescribed doses of tranquillizers.
Some patients develop resistance to loop diuretics after chronic usage.
Some patients develop sarcomas of the bone.
Some patients develop seizures.
Some patients develop severe arthritis.
Some patients develop severe bacterial pneumonia.
Some patients develop severe pneumonia.
Some patients develop small whiteheads.
Some patients develop some strokes because of inadequate blood flow.
Some patients develop something called pseudotumor cerebri or elevated intracranial pressure.
Some patients develop sugar diabetes.
Some patients develop symptoms attributed to fistula following airplane decent.
Some patients develop tastes for foods they once hated.
Some patients develop temporary difficulty swallowing immediately after the operation.
Some patients develop the symptoms predicted for their disease.
Some patients develop ulcers, especially around their ankles.
Some patients develop untreatable side effects at doses of opioids adequate to control their pain.
Some patients develop uveitis, an inflammatory condition that affects other eye tissues.
Some patients develop viral resistance to some antiretroviral agents.
Some patients diagnose with breast cancer.
Some patients diagnose with cancer.
Some patients diagnose with depressions.
Some patients diagnose with diabetes.
Some patients diagnose with lateral sclerosis.
Some patients diagnose with sclerosis.
Some patients die as results.
Some patients die at care centers.
Some patients die at centers.
Some patients die at urgent care centers.
Some patients die because of medical mistakes, but other patients just die.
Some patients die despite repeated resuscitation over a period of hours.
Some patients die during events.
Some patients die from diseases.
Some patients die from infection.
Some patients die from tumors.
Some patients die in hospitals.
Some patients die of acute alcoholic hepatitis, but most survive.
Some patients die of cancer.
Some patients die of cirrhosis.
Some patients die of diseases.
Some patients die of infection.
Some patients die of massive infection.
Some patients die of meningitis.
Some patients die.
Some patients discover breast cancer.
Some patients discover cancer.
Some patients discover chocolate.
Some patients discuss decisions.
Some patients discuss scatter showers.
Some patients discuss showers.
Some patients dislike the taste of the aluminum oxide powder.
Some patients do develop soft tissue masses that are reminiscent of cystic hygromas.
Some patients do diets.
Some patients do experience a slight headache or nausea once the frame is removed.
Some patients do experience moderate discomfort.
Some patients do experience nausea after anesthesia and surgery.
Some patients do feel discomfort in the teeth after whitening procedures.
Some patients do feel tired during treatment.
Some patients do get relief from nausea with marinol, but in some patients the nausea is worsened.
Some patients do have inflammation.
Some patients do have options for getting approval from other medical insurance companies.
Some patients do have pain with the procedure, but the majority of patients have minimal or no pain.
Some patients do have palpitations.
Some patients do have skin inflammation.
Some patients do have some pain.
Some patients do improve with time, and in severe cases, sympathetic nerve fibers can be cut.
Some patients do poorly despite intensive therapy.
Some patients do poorly on certain psychometric tests.
Some patients do require mechanical ventilation and tracheostomy placement.
Some patients do return to eating modest amounts of food, without feeling hungry.
Some patients do very well, while others do very poorly.
Some patients do well by taking medicines that make the work of the right ventricle easier.
Some patients do, indeed, use topical hormones temporarily.
Some patients don t have enough of a nutrient and sometimes they have too much.
Some patients don t qualify for reimbursement and are charged for services.
Some patients draw benefits of support groups.
Some patients dread their treatments because of the agitation and associated nausea.
Some patients drive their own car to their radiation sessions and back home.
Some patients eat alcohol.
Some patients eat chocolate.
Some patients eat cream.
Some patients eat gingers.
Some patients eat ice cream.
Some patients eat more and gain weight while others eat less and lose weight.
Some patients eat seeds.
Some patients eat shellfishes.
Some patients eat sunflower seeds.
Some patients eat too little and get into trouble with energy deficiency symptoms.
Some patients elect to have the surgery for cosmetic reasons.
Some patients encounter problems within months.
Some patients enjoy being asked questions about themselves.
Some patients enjoy quality.
Some patients enjoy receiving physical care such as a foot massage or a back rub.
Some patients enjoy results quickly.
Some patients enter treatment with some urgency, in some state of crisis or regression.
Some patients enter trials.
Some patients episodically fast for days at a time and then accumulate edema on refeeding.
Some patients evaluate effects.
Some patients even complain of nausea at the smell of food for a week or two after surgery.
Some Patients even eat their own hair.
Some patients even get mild sedation.
Some patients even go to sleep during treatment.
Some patients even report that the onset of their disease coincided with a stressful period.
Some patients even request registered nurses, who have more education and command higher salaries.
Some patients even respond to tertiary hormonal manipulation with agents such as ketoconazole.
Some patients even seek psychiatric evaluation, as an accompanying symptom is often depression.
Some patients even think medicine is only necessary if they re suicidal.
Some patients even wear shower caps and keep it on overnight.
Some patients evolve into generalized FMS over time.
Some patients exhibit an obsessive ritual of personal cleansing.
Some patients exhibit appearances.
Some patients exhibit ataxia and neurogenic bladder.
Some patients exhibit depressions.
Some patients exhibit drowsiness.
Some patients exhibit facial appearances.
Some patients exhibit symptoms of severe aggression.
Some patients expand the network of friends and relatives upon whom they rely for help.
Some patients expect too much and are disappointed with the results.
Some patients experience a burning, throbbing or pulling sensation.
Some patients experience a difference in onset of effect with their first morning dose.
Some patients experience a dry mouth after radioiodine therapy for thyroid cancer.
Some patients experience a feeling of burning or scratchiness.
Some patients experience a lot of bruising around the nose, eyes, and upper cheeks.
Some patients experience a metallic taste during the injection.
Some patients experience a period of exceptional well being and optimism.
Some patients experience a slight halo effect around bright lights at night.
Some patients experience a slight temporary bruising at the injection site.
Some patients experience a slight tingling sensation.
Some patients experience abdominal pain during the first month of ritonavir therapy.
Some patients experience acute arthritis.
Some patients experience acute asthma attacks.
Some patients experience acute attacks.
Some patients experience additional symptoms such as tingling, numbness or weakness in the legs.
Some patients experience all of the symptoms, and some have only a few.
Some patients experience almost instant relief.
Some patients experience an allergic reaction to allopurinol, which can be fatal.
Some patients experience an allergic reaction to the ethylenediamine component of aminophylline.
Some patients experience an aura between a few seconds and several hours prior to a seizure.
Some patients experience an immediate partial or total relief of their pain or other symptoms.
Some patients experience an immediate total or partial relief of their pain or other symptoms.
Some patients experience anemia.
Some patients experience arthritis.
Some patients experience asthma attacks.
Some patients experience asthma.
Some patients experience better respiratory mechanics and relief from severe dyspnea .
Some patients experience bizarre hallucinations.
Some patients experience bleeding, weight loss, fever and persistent severe pain.
Some patients experience blood pressure trials.
Some patients experience blurring or loss of vision.
Some patients experience blurry vision or gritty, dry eyes for a few days afterward.
Some patients experience both.
Some patients experience bruising that extends on to the surface of the eye.
Some patients experience burning and itching.
Some patients experience changes in the temperature and color of the skin at the affected area.
Some patients experience comas.
Some patients experience complete destruction of all eggs within the ovaries.
Some patients experience concentration.
Some patients experience depression.
Some patients experience different side effects than others.
Some patients experience discomfort for one to three days after treatment.
Some patients experience discomfort from the introduction of air into the colon.
Some patients experience discomfort throughout the procedure.
Some patients experience dramatic personality shifts on steroids-some psychosis.
Some patients experience enlargements.
Some patients experience episodes.
Some patients experience fever, anemia, weight loss, and hyperglobulinemia.
Some patients experience fevers.
Some patients experience few if any adverse effects from drug treatment.
Some patients experience few or no shocks from their devices, while others experience many shocks.
Some patients experience few to no negative effects from chemotherapy.
Some patients experience gastrointestinal side effects.
Some patients experience grief and feelings of guilt, anger, frustration, or failure.
Some patients experience headaches with nitroglycerin.
Some patients experience hyperacusis without tinnitus.
Some patients experience immediate pain relief after vertebroplasty.
Some patients experience immediate total or partial relief of their pain or other symptoms.
Some patients experience increased salivary production.
Some patients experience increased tooth sensitivity to cold while using bleaching products.
Some patients experience injection site reactions.
Some patients experience instant relief.
Some patients experience intense hunger or bloating.
Some patients experience intense sexual energy or a marked increase in strength.
Some patients experience intermittent torsion.
Some patients experience intractable hiccups, which can be very serious.
Some patients experience irregular periods.
Some patients experience joint pains or a form of arthritis.
Some patients experience little or no side effects from treatment.
Some patients experience localized bruising after litho-tripsy.
Some patients experience mild drowsiness after application of the cream.
Some patients experience mild headaches or nausea on the day of treatment.
Some patients experience more than one type of seizure.
Some patients experience nausea and, possibly, fever.
Some patients experience nausea, muscle cramps and fluid retention.
Some patients experience nausea, pain, and abdominal tenderness.
Some patients experience no chest pain.
Some patients experience no side effects.
Some patients experience no symptoms of low stomach acid.
Some patients experience numbness in the arms, shoulders, or wrists.
Some patients experience numbness or tingling following surgery.
Some patients experience only minor symptoms, while others have developed spinal muscular atrophy.
Some patients experience only skin changes for many years.
Some patients experience pain in the right shoulder for a few days.
Some patients experience pain, fever, or intestinal upset as the stone particles pass.
Some patients experience palpitations because of abnormal heart rhythms.
Some patients experience quality.
Some patients experience rebound headache from overuse of analgesics and other headache medications.
Some patients experience rectal bleeding.
Some patients experience ringing in the ears in the absence of any external sound.
Some patients experience seizures.
Some patients experience serious sequelae after a delirious episode.
Some patients experience severe abdominal pain.
Some patients experience severe depression following a heart attack.
Some patients experience severe episodes.
Some patients experience side effects such as nausea and vomiting.
Some patients experience side effects when they take pain medicines.
Some patients experience side effects while on iron chelation therapy.
Some patients experience side-effects during the infusion.
Some patients experience skin irritation at the site of the device.
Some patients experience some nausea from medicines used for anesthesia or anxiety.
Some patients experience some nausea from the medicines used for anesthesia or anxiety.
Some patients experience some stool and gas with the loop ileostomy.
Some patients experience soreness after treatment, similar to that felt after unaccustomed exercise.
Some patients experience spontaneous improvement and resolution.
Some patients experience stages.
Some patients experience symptom recurrence.
Some patients experience symptomatic improvements because they believe they are taking the medicine.
Some patients experience symptoms of the aura without subsequent development of headache.
Some patients experience temporary numbness of the nipples.
Some patients experience the sensation of sand in the eye and sensitivity to light.
Some patients experience therapy.
Some patients experience tightness in the chest.
Some patients experience trials.
Some patients experience unusual bruising.
Some patients experience varying degrees of discomfort post-operatively.
Some patients experience vertebral collapse or spontaneous fractures.
Some patients experience what is called reaction after treatment has begun.
Some patients express a concern about radiation risk.
Some patients express desire.
Some patients face infertility.
Some patients fail oral therapy.
Some patients fail therapy.
Some patients fail to pay, even after receiving several written reminders and phone calls.
Some patients fail triple therapy.
Some patients fear certain aspects of death.
Some patients fear losing the relationship with their oncologist .
Some patients fear the worst, especially when pain is severe.
Some patients fear they are having a heart attack.
Some patients feel absolutely nothing, others experience a slight mosquito bite.
Some patients feel an ache in their cheek after the anesthetic wears off.
Some patients feel better outdoors.
Some patients feel better with the placement of the patch.
Some patients feel cramps when the barium goes in.
Some patients feel depressed because they are struggling with a chronic illness.
Some patients feel disoriented or ill at ease in an unfamiliar place.
Some patients feel emotional after surgery.
Some patients feel guilty about achieving recovery with medication.
Some patients feel heat.
Some patients feel hyperactive after routine bright light therapy and others experience headache.
Some patients feel intense heat.
Some patients feel nausea during the procedure but it usually lasts for just a few seconds.
Some patients feel nausea.
Some patients feel nothing, other feel light movements.
Some patients feel numbness or weakening in the arms and legs.
Some patients feel progressively better after each treatment.
Some patients feel relief after their first treatment and others after a series of treatments.
Some patients feel restless and agitated and many feel irritable.
Some patients feel short of breath when they exercise or exert themselves.
Some patients feel short of breath when they lie down at night.
Some patients feel suicide is the solution.
Some patients feel that their heart has stopped for a few seconds.
Some patients feel that their lupus symptoms worsen with stress, but others report no difference.
Some patients feel that they absolutely have to have dental insurance.
Some patients feel their lives have actually improved after their diagnosis of cancer.
Some patients feel they are on too many medicines.
Some patients feel unsteady on their feet.
Some patients feel virtually nothing during treatment.
Some patients feel warm throughout their body immediately after the contrast is injected.
Some patients fight to the end for life.
Some patients find an ice pack over the area helps as well.
Some patients find benefit by taking ginger, garlic or gingko biloba.
Some patients find exercise a potent pain reliever.
Some patients find finish.
Some patients find frozen juices, ice cream, and watermelon to be very soothing.
Some patients find geneticists.
Some patients find homes.
Some patients find it almost painful to be someone else's debt.
Some patients find it easier to take their medications at the same time every day.
Some patients find it easier, however, merely to take a calcium salt.
Some patients find it hard to eat well during treatment.
Some patients find it hard to eat well.
Some patients find it helpful to speak to a prior patient who was once in a similar situation.
Some patients find it interesting to view the procedure on the screen.
Some patients find it more convenient to use strained baby foods.
Some patients find it valuable to speak to two or three doctors before deciding who to use.
Some patients find more pain relief with heat and others with ice.
Some patients find out about trials from other sources.
Some patients find parks.
Some patients find peace at the end.
Some patients find pre-breakfast the most convenient time.
Some patients find relief from a variety of Chinese herbs.
Some patients find relief from topical medications such as capsaicin.
Some patients find relief through relaxation exercises and breathing techniques.
Some patients find relief through the bladder distention done during cytoscopy.
Some patients find remaining still during the test uncomfortable.
Some patients find return homes.
Some patients find something that works for a while, then have switch when it stops working.
Some patients find symptoms.
Some patients find tests.
Some patients find that a well-run support group can provide significant therapeutic benefits.
Some patients find that antacids help relieve feelings of indigestion.
Some patients find that avoiding food before the radiation session alleviates the nausea.
Some patients find that foods taste different.
Some patients find that once the pain is controlled they show a measure of recovery.
Some patients find that relaxation and meditation can help with nausea.
Some patients find that relaxation techniques, stress reduction, and biofeedback help.
Some patients find that such activities promote restorative sleep.
Some patients find that talking with friends and switching activities also relieve fatigue.
Some patients find that techniques such as relaxation and imagery can reduce their pain.
Some patients find that the taste of foods is different.
Some patients find that their energy level actually improves after surgery.
Some patients find that their throat is sore from the tube that was placed there during surgery.
Some patients find that they want to make additional improvements at a later time.
Some patients find that with each flare-up they grow slightly weaker.
Some patients find the experience of wearing a denture for the first time to be challenging.
Some patients find the experience so soothing they have trouble staying awake.
Some patients find the machine to be somewhat claustrophobic.
Some patients find the numb area seems irritated or aches.
Some patients find the procedure embarrassing.
Some patients find the taste mildly unpleasant, but most can easily tolerate it.
Some patients first consult their physician because of shortness of breath upon exertion.
Some patients first go to their doctor or dentist because of problems with loose teeth.
Some patients focus on use.
Some patients follow analyses.
Some patients follow campaigns.
Some patients follow principles.
Some patients follow same principles.
Some patients forget that they are the boss.
Some patients fulfill diagnostic criteria for fibromyalgia.
Some patients get around nine to ten months.
Some patients get around the long wait for a kidney when a family member agrees to donate one.
Some patients get best results.
Some patients get both kinds of radiation therapy.
Some patients get diarrhea.
Some patients get dramatic benefits.
Some patients get head injuries.
Some patients get headaches.
Some patients get hives occasionally only when they ingest a specific food or food additives.
Some patients get images.
Some patients get infection.
Some patients get injuries.
Some patients get pregnant and then go into ovarian failure after delivery of a baby.
Some patients get problems with the rhythm of their hearts.
Some patients get relief when they switch to a keyboard that requires a different wrist position.
Some patients get results quickly, while others find their recovery takes several months or longer.
Some patients get results.
Some patients get same results.
Some patients get sick from the x-ray dye.
Some patients get stronger as a result of the procedure, but the benefit lasts only weeks.
Some patients get very depressed from the daily pain.
Some patients get worse in the sun.
Some patients give injections.
Some patients give their own injections at home.
Some patients give up and leave.
Some patients give up and pay for the drug themselves.
Some patients give up before finding effective therapy.
Some patients go home after surgery and hide in the back room with the light off.
Some patients go home two or three weeks after a transplant.
Some patients go into comas.
Some patients go into labor.
Some patients go into shocks.
Some patients go months, or even years, between visits to the doctor.
Some patients go right back to work.
Some patients go through the whole evaluation process, only to be turned down in the end.
Some patients go to a chiropractor without a neck complaint and have a neck manipulation done.
Some patients go to Tulsa and others have to go to Tulsa .
Some patients have a borderline type of bowel control.
Some patients have a dry, sore throat for a short while after treatment.
Some patients have a few spared muscles in areas such as the eyes.
Some patients have a frequency range.
Some patients have a great deal of pain with venous angioplasty.
Some patients have a greater risk for complications.
Some patients have a hanging pouch of skin that consists more of skin than fat.
Some patients have a headache and stiff neck.
Some patients have a headache or feel a sensation of pressure from the nasal packing.
Some patients have a hoarse voice or a sore throat for a day or two after bronchoscopy.
Some patients have a hole the size of a quarter or larger after the skin cancer is removed.
Some patients have a husky voice for a while after the op.
Some patients have a large tear in their meniscus and require a repair of meniscus.
Some patients have a limited form of lupus called discoid lupus, which involves only the skin.
Some patients have a low level of circulating hCG-like material.
Some patients have a near-total disconnect.
Some patients have a nervous habit of belching frequently.
Some patients have a pallidotomy on one side and pallidal stimulation on the opposite side.
Some patients have a progressive coarse without attacks and remissions.
Some patients have a relentless progression, leading to extensive confluent demyelination.
Some patients have a serious clenching problem and are plagued with chronic pain.
Some patients have a shorter wait, some longer.
Some patients have a slight fever.
Some patients have abdominal pain episodes caused by mesenteric sickling.
Some patients have abnormal immunoglobulins, with circulating autoantibodies and immune complexes.
Some patients have absence acid.
Some patients have absence.
Some patients have adenovirus infection.
Some patients have advance cancer.
Some patients have all three types of symptoms.
Some patients have almost no symptoms, while others are virtually incapacitated.
Some patients have an associated lump, which commonly indicates an inguinal hernia.
Some patients have an increase in goblet cells.
Some patients have an underdeveloped enamel of the primary teeth.
Some patients have anemia.
Some patients have antibodies to melanin.
Some patients have arterial bruits, detectable on the overlying cranial vault.
Some patients have as many as a few dozen tested at one visit.
Some patients have asthma attacks.
Some patients have asthma.
Some patients have attacks several times a day.
Some patients have attacks.
Some patients have average bone density.
Some patients have average density.
Some patients have blood pressure.
Some patients have bloody discharge.
Some patients have bone density.
Some patients have both forms, one after the other.
Some patients have both kinds of radiation therapy.
Some patients have both.
Some patients have brain involvement taking the form of though disturbances.
Some patients have breathe difficulty.
Some patients have cancer diagnoses.
Some patients have cancer.
Some patients have candidiasis.
Some patients have catheters.
Some patients have certain cancer.
Some patients have changing symptoms from time to time and over the years.
Some patients have characteristics.
Some patients have chem otherapy, radiation therapy, or a combination of treatment methods.
Some patients have chemotherapy.
Some patients have chest pain, heart palpitations or shortness of breath.
Some patients have chorea.
Some patients have chronic bronchitis before developing emphysema.
Some patients have cirrhosis.
Some patients have concentration.
Some patients have coughs.
Some patients have degrees.
Some patients have deletions.
Some patients have dementia with an accompanying mood disturbance.
Some patients have density.
Some patients have depression accompanied by some cognitive dysfunction.
Some patients have diabetes.
Some patients have diagnoses.
Some patients have diarrhea.
Some patients have difficulty swallowing a capsule and require a troche or lozenge.
Some patients have difficulty.
Some patients have diffuse, poorly localised chest pain, and many have chest infections.
Some patients have discharge.
Some patients have disease presenting insidiously over more than a year.
Some patients have duodenal ulcers in addition.
Some patients have duplication.
Some patients have durations.
Some patients have elements.
Some patients have elevate levels.
Some patients have elevation.
Some patients have emphysema.
Some patients have enlargement of the breast area, known as gynecomastia.
Some patients have even quit smoking several years before symptoms appear.
Some patients have experience.
Some patients have facial paralysis.
Some patients have fatigue, which on rare occasions can be disabling.
Some patients have features of both.
Some patients have feelings of depression as a result of learned helplessness.
Some patients have few if any symptoms while others experience many.
Some patients have few satisfactory veins.
Some patients have frank cirrhosis.
Some patients have frequent painful crises that are managed at home with rest and analgesia.
Some patients have full migraines with flashing lights, nausea and vomiting.
Some patients have functions.
Some patients have giardiasises.
Some patients have great difficulty identifying the location of their cancer.
Some patients have hallucination.
Some patients have have procedures.
Some patients have have reaction.
Some patients have heart attacks.
Some patients have high RAIU values and frank hyperthyroidism.
Some patients have high serum titers of rheumatoid factor.
Some patients have hyperactivity as well.
Some patients have idiopathic erythroderma, also called red man syndrome.
Some patients have images.
Some patients have infection.
Some patients have invasive infection.
Some patients have involvement of both the hands and feet.
Some patients have iron deficiency anemia.
Some patients have it all the time, complaining of dizziness and even fainting when they stand.
Some patients have it forever.
Some patients have keratolenticular adherence, while others have anterior polar cataracts.
Some patients have kidney functions.
Some patients have large tumors.
Some patients have lenticonus, an unusual deformity of the lens of the eye.
Some patients have less weight gain as well.
Some patients have limited needs and can be managed in a traditional physician-based approach.
Some patients have long periods of time with mild or no symptoms.
Some patients have loose skin above the navel.
Some patients have lower concentration.
Some patients have major improvement on melatonin.
Some patients have mild diarrhea.
Some patients have mild hepatic dysfunction that reverts to normal with treatment.
Some patients have more muscle than joint symptoms.
Some patients have more non-specific symptoms such as increased spasticity.
Some patients have more than one attack but recover fully after each one.
Some patients have more than one type of headache after head injury.
Some patients have muscle aches, headache, tiredness, and loss of appetite.
Some patients have nearly no symptoms.
Some patients have no abdominal pain in the morning, and get stomachaches in the afternoon.
Some patients have no pain but have black stools, which can indicate the ulcer is bleeding.
Some patients have no symptoms at all, and in most cases, children only show mild symptoms.
Some patients have no symptoms at all.
Some patients have no symptoms.
Some patients have no warning symptoms at all.
Some patients have nodes.
Some patients have normal functions.
Some patients have normal kidney functions.
Some patients have normal renal functions.
Some patients have normal sed rates but still have arthritis.
Some patients have numbers.
Some patients have nutrients.
Some patients have ocular conditions which result in poor tear production and a dry eye.
Some patients have one attack and then nothing for many years.
Some patients have one episode every few years, while others have many episodes per year.
Some patients have one or two antibody specificities, while others have numerous specificities.
Some patients have one sided facial pain otherwise called trigeminal neuralgia or tic douloureux.
Some patients have only a few spots, others can develop hundreds.
Some patients have only caf au lait spots.
Some patients have only mild paraparesis, or slight paralysis of the legs.
Some patients have only one outbreak, and others have recurrences for years.
Some patients have operations.
Some patients have other disorders that lead to problems with esophageal contraction.
Some patients have pain on chewing.
Some patients have paralysis.
Some patients have pelvic floor hypertonia and can be helped by biofeedback.
Some patients have pemphigus antibodies up to five years before the first sign of blistering.
Some patients have persistent constitutional symptoms, such as lingering cold.
Some patients have photopatch tests because their dermatitis develops on skin exposed to the sun.
Some patients have physicians.
Some patients have pneumonia.
Some patients have poor appetite.
Some patients have poor nutrition - they drink too much pop and sugary juice.
Some patients have positive results.
Some patients have presentation.
Some patients have pressure.
Some patients have problems to drink enough fluids while thay are in detox under sedation.
Some patients have problems with only their voice.
Some patients have profound anemia.
Some patients have prolonged aura symptoms that can last hours to days.
Some patients have psychiatric symptoms, including depression and irritability.
Some patients have radiation therapy to the brain even though no cancer is found there.
Some patients have radiation, chemotherapy, or a combination of treatment methods.
Some patients have real problems with the dialysis treatments.
Some patients have rectal bleeding or fever.
Some patients have recurrent episodes of furunculosis.
Some patients have reductions.
Some patients have renal functions.
Some patients have residual fatigue for a couple of weeks following general anesthesia.
Some patients have results.
Some patients have retention.
Some patients have reversible airflow limitation.
Some patients have septicaemia .
Some patients have serious problems for many many years.
Some patients have several different cards and multiple coverages.
Some patients have severe hypotension.
Some patients have severe yeast.
Some patients have severe, debilitating head pain.
Some patients have side effects from one medicine and have to try another one.
Some patients have significant elevation.
Some patients have significant mental retardation.
Some patients have simple rashes, poison ivy, and assorted allergies.
Some patients have small localized areas of fat around the face.
Some patients have small veins and some have very few accessible veins.
Some patients have some done and then decide later to go back and get more.
Some patients have spasms of the air passages in the lungs along with shortness of breath.
Some patients have spastic tremors and some have learning disorders.
Some patients have spontaneous resolution.
Some patients have stage tumors.
Some patients have substitution.
Some patients have subtle structural changes detected only by ultrasonography.
Some patients have success with alternative treatments.
Some patients have surgery to prevent seizures.
Some patients have swelling of the feet and ankles .
Some patients have swelling of the feet and ankles.
Some patients have swollen glands.
Some patients have syndromes.
Some patients have the bleeding without pain.
Some patients have the option of using a health care savings account as payment.
Some patients have the sampling done through the vagina and cervix.
Some patients have their asthmatic symptoms reduced with environmental measures.
Some patients have their brain waves monitored while they sleep.
Some patients have their diagnostic feet firmly planted in two syndromes.
Some patients have their leg pressures checked both before and after exercise.
Some patients have their long-term care provided by their local physician or nephrologist.
Some patients have thyroid function abnormalities.
Some patients have tingling or numbness in their arms, legs, and lower back.
Some patients have to be hand fed for several days.
Some patients have to be tied down on a bed.
Some patients have to return for a second treatment.
Some patients have to take isotretinoin more than one time.
Some patients have to take to bed because they feel so terrible.
Some patients have tract infection.
Some patients have tremors and spill food.
Some patients have trouble saying no.
Some patients have trouble swallowing thin liquids.
Some patients have tumors.
Some patients have turtles.
Some patients have twists or turns in the sigmoid colon which can be a source of discomfort.
Some patients have two febrile episodes between temperature checks.
Some patients have unpleasant side effects from the medicine.
Some patients have urinary catheters.
Some patients have urinary infection.
Some patients have urinary tract infection.
Some patients have very little or no discernible side effects from treatment.
Some patients have very mild disease, some people have very severe disease.
Some patients have worms.
Some patients have wounds.
Some patients have yeast.
Some patients hear hum noise.
Some patients hear noise.
Some patients however have only mild discomfort in spite of significant involvement of the joint.
Some patients identify chemical exposures and specific environments as headache triggers.
Some patients improve without active medical or surgical treatment.
Some patients increase copper excretion.
Some patients increase excretion.
Some patients increase intake.
Some patients indicate abnormal breathe patterns.
Some patients indicate abnormal patterns.
Some patients indicate breathe patterns.
Some patients indicate patterns.
Some patients induce vomiting to avoid discomforts after eating.
Some patients ingest allergen.
Some patients ingest food allergen.
Some patients ingest yellow oleanders.
Some patients initially feel worse, but most feel better quickly.
Some patients inject insulin.
Some patients involve in death.
Some patients involve in outbreaks.
Some patients join support groups or other organizations for help during their transplant journey.
Some patients just refuse to wear glasses.
Some patients just report a poorly characterized feeling that they know a migraine attack is coming.
Some patients keep a brave face and manage to function in society.
Some patients keep searching, while others simply give up.
Some patients keep treatments.
Some patients lack ability.
Some patients lack cellular immunity.
Some patients lack effective cellular immunity.
Some patients lack effective immunity.
Some patients lack immunity.
Some patients lead to blood pressure.
Some patients lead to pressure.
Some patients learn to control their heart rate, blood pressure, muscle tension, and emotions.
Some patients leave bags.
Some patients leave the hospital the same day.
Some patients like to have their hand held.
Some patients like to keep water frozen in a plastic soda bottle.
Some patients like to tape record their appointment.
Some patients live at centers.
Some patients live in areas.
Some patients live in virtual isolation because of it.
Some patients lock themselves in their house because they are too embarrassed to go out.
Some patients look for scars.
Some patients look for surgical scars.
Some patients lose ability.
Some patients lose babies.
Some patients lose consciousness or faint briefly.
Some patients lose legs.
Some patients lose pounds.
Some patients lose reactivity.
Some patients lose sensation in the affected area.
Some patients lose skin reactivity.
Some patients lose the ability to taste.
Some patients lose their appetite and frequently feel tired.
Some patients lose their jobs, abandon their spouse and children, and check into the hospital.
Some patients lose vision.
Some patients lose weight, some gain weight.
Some patients loss their appetite or get nauseated during radiotherapy.
Some patients love it, others hate it.
Some patients maintain activities.
Some patients maintain daily activities.
Some patients maintain imbalances.
Some patients maintain normal activities.
Some patients maintain normal daily activities.
Some patients make peace.
Some patients make treatments.
Some patients manage on one to two treatments per week once the condition is under control.
Some patients manage to keep themselves afloat psychologically.
Some patients manifest mild or severe hypertension or isolated proteinuria after radiation exposure.
Some patients meet anxiety disorder.
Some patients meet criteria for both diagnoses.
Some patients meet disorder.
Some patients needs lipid lowering drugs to keep their cholesterol within a normal range.
Some patients never experience any significant emotional distress as a result of their disease.
Some patients never leave the ward alive - dying before a matching heart can be found.
Some patients never progress beyond very basic responses, but many recover full awareness.
Some patients never receive behavioral therapy because they live too far from treatment centers.
Some patients never recover anything but very basic body functions.
Some patients note episodes are more common in the spring or fall.
Some patients note that episodes are more common in the spring or fall.
Some patients note that they are having unusual shortness of breath while exercising.
Some patients notice a decline in their medication's effectiveness after a couple of years.
Some patients notice a slight foot drag on the affected side or a feeling of walking in quicksand.
Some patients notice an apparent enlargement in their skin pores after treatment.
Some patients notice rapid improvement after just a few sessions.
Some patients notice the itch is worse after sweat-inducing exercise or after a hot shower.
Some patients notice unsteadiness when fatigued for several years.
Some patients observe distortion of vision which indicates accumulation of fluid under the retina.
Some patients observe hips.
Some patients observe illusion.
Some patients only feel short of breath, nausea or fatigue.
Some patients only require one or two visits, while others, require much longer care.
Some patients only require the injection every six months.
Some patients opt for temporary pain relief via local anesthetic or steroid injections.
Some patients opt to treat cancer naturally.
Some patients participate in trials.
Some patients pass quickly through the early stages and reach a deep stage very easily.
Some patients plan services.
Some patients play a different sick role.
Some patients prefer a less aggressive therapy.
Some patients prefer a more subtle change in the appearance of their nose.
Some patients prefer a tar compounded in an ointment or cream base.
Some patients prefer an oral format to topical agents.
Some patients prefer behavioral treatment, others ask for surgical relief.
Some patients prefer eyelid surgery alone, without a facelift.
Some patients prefer immunotherapy to long-term use of other medications.
Some patients prefer online counseling.
Some patients prefer smaller dogs, while others like the big breeds.
Some patients prefer that local anesthesia be injected into the site prior to laser therapy.
Some patients prefer the scar-less incision no matter what the result.
Some patients prefer the spontaneity provided by a prosthesis.
Some patients prefer to be more passive than others.
Some patients prefer to chant a phrase or say the rosary.
Some patients prefer to just be told what to do.
Some patients prefer to make all the consultation arrangements on their own.
Some patients prefer to take it as an injection once a week.
Some patients present coughs.
Some patients present for evaluation because of cosmetic concerns or anxiety.
Some patients present with a clear history of past attacks proven due to esophageal disease.
Some patients present with diarrhea.
Some patients present with features.
Some patients present with fevers.
Some patients present with lymphocytosis although most have nodal disease on further investigation.
Some patients present with oligohydrannios.
Some patients present with pain.
Some patients present with weakness.
Some patients produce an excessive quantity of cerumen.
Some patients provide care.
Some patients put strips of tape on floors, then step toward the stripes.
Some patients qualify for free services.
Some patients reach adulthood with only previous palliation.
Some patients readily use an interpreter.
Some patients receive a placebo drug.
Some patients receive agent chemotherapy.
Some patients receive aspirin.
Some patients receive blood.
Some patients receive both kinds of radiation therapy.
Some patients receive both types of radiation therapy.
Some patients receive chemotherapy as well.
Some patients receive chemotherapy.
Some patients receive copies.
Some patients receive corticosteroids.
Some patients receive dialysis.
Some patients receive follow general guidelines.
Some patients receive follow guidelines.
Some patients receive general guidelines.
Some patients receive guidelines.
Some patients receive halves.
Some patients receive help with household chores and errands.
Some patients receive hemodialysis at home.
Some patients receive images.
Some patients receive injections.
Some patients receive interstitial or intracavitary radiation treatment.
Some patients receive mild medication to counteract acidosis.
Some patients receive nitrate.
Some patients receive nutrition.
Some patients receive only standard treatment and benefit from it.
Some patients receive organs.
Some patients receive pain medications.
Some patients receive periodic blood transfusions as supportive therapy.
Some patients receive regular transfusions.
Some patients receive salt.
Some patients receive solid organs.
Some patients receive steroids.
Some patients receive supplemental nutrition.
Some patients receive transfusions.
Some patients receive twice-daily subcutaneous injections.
Some patients receive whole blood.
Some patients recognize their depression but are too embarrassed to seek help.
Some patients record their wishes in an advance directive.
Some patients recover after a month, some after a few months and some after six months or a year.
Some patients recover completely with time, and some grow progressively worse.
Some patients recover completely, and most find a substantial degree of relief from symptoms.
Some patients recover from anorexia but develop other psychiatric disorders.
Some patients recover from diseases.
Some patients recover from giardiasises.
Some patients recover.
Some patients reduce carbohydrate intake.
Some patients reduce intake.
Some patients refer to diarrhea as urgency to defecate as well as stool incontinence etc.
Some patients refrain from asking questions even if they want more information.
Some patients refuse further tests.
Some patients refuse such surgery because of religious or other beliefs.
Some patients refuse tests.
Some patients refuse transplants.
Some patients refuse treatment except when in crisis.
Some patients refuse treatments.
Some patients regurgitate food.
Some patients relate the onset of their pain to a gynecological or obstetric event.
Some patients rely on chiropractic health care to manage episodes of spinal problems.
Some patients rely on electronic keychains that beep when it s time to take another dose.
Some patients rely on marijuana.
Some patients rely on medical marijuana.
Some patients remain asymptomatic, and routine physical examination reveals hepatomegaly.
Some patients remain asymptomatic.
Some patients remain bruised longer and in rare cases up to a month.
Some patients remain in critical and serious condition.
Some patients remain in one stage or another for many months or even years.
Some patients remain in states.
Some patients remain in therapy for just a brief time, six to eight sessions.
Some patients remain significantly improved even in spite of closure of the bypass.
Some patients repeatedly present with somatic complaints in the absence of physical signs.
Some patients report a burning or stinging sensation within the lesions.
Some patients report a burning or tingling sensation in the area that has been treated.
Some patients report a cold sensation but none ever ask to be numbed.
Some patients report a complete recovery.
Some patients report a history of migraine headaches.
Some patients report a sensation of fullness or pressure in the affected ear.
Some patients report a sudden shortness of breath, fainting, nausea, and profuse sweating.
Some patients report allergies.
Some patients report an associated shimmering of vision or lightheadedness with the attack.
Some patients report bacterial or viral infections that never seem to go away.
Some patients report benefit from trigger point injections.
Some patients report changes in vision, principally color perception.
Some patients report chipped teeth and headaches because they grind their teeth in their sleep.
Some patients report confusion.
Some patients report diminution of sweating after onset of symptoms.
Some patients report enhanced well-being and decreased sense of isolation.
Some patients report experiencing mild headaches or upset stomach.
Some patients report extreme chest pain, sometimes thought initially to be a heart attack.
Some patients report feeling more relaxed after treatment of their frown lines.
Some patients report flu-like symptoms the day after.
Some patients report good results.
Some patients report great benefits from Tai chi chuan, an Eastern form of meditation and exercise.
Some patients report hypersensitivity to sound and light.
Some patients report increased pain with sitting, standing, supine, or with changes in position.
Some patients report increased postprandial pain after eating large or fatty meals.
Some patients report irritation and occasionally nose bleeds.
Some patients report low libido , sexual dysfunction and erectile difficulties .
Some patients report low libido, sexual dysfunction and erectile difficulties.
Some patients report minor and temporary discomfort from treatment.
Some patients report mood swings and irritability.
Some patients report new weakness in a limb or muscle group they had previously considered normal.
Some patients report no improvement, and others report exacerbation.
Some patients report nocturnal awakening due to numbing paresthesias of the hands.
Some patients report noticeable improvement within minutes, most within a few hours.
Some patients report occurrences.
Some patients report pain relief with sleep.
Some patients report penicillin allergies.
Some patients report problems with night vision and halos for the first few months after surgery.
Some patients report reductions.
Some patients report severe withdrawal symptoms, including dizziness and nausea.
Some patients report slight soreness, light-headedness or even euphoria after treatments.
Some patients report such occurrences.
Some patients report temporary improvement with medications, such as antibiotics or corticosteroids.
Some patients report that certain food supplements are helpful.
Some patients report that drinking coffee helps alleviate their headaches.
Some patients report that pain is better when leaning forward.
Some patients report that side effects of the medications seem worse than the illness itself.
Some patients report that such a diet also helps their fibromyalgia symptoms.
Some patients report that the patches do help minimize wrinkles.
Some patients report that they get worse after treatment has begun.
Some patients report their symptoms get worse after drinking beer.
Some patients report wonderful effects.
Some patients represent casualties.
Some patients request assistance.
Some patients request the metal speculum because they feel it slides more comfortably.
Some patients require a catheter for several days until urethral function returns.
Some patients require a combination of agents to control their symptoms.
Some patients require a longer treatment.
Some patients require a mid-day exchange.
Some patients require a stay in an intensive care unit.
Some patients require a year or more for successful treatment.
Some patients require additional complex surgery on the vitreous fluid, a vitrectomy.
Some patients require admission to the hospital in order to effectively treat their infection.
Some patients require all services at different times for the same illness.
Some patients require ankle braces.
Some patients require applications.
Some patients require braces.
Some patients require calcium supplementation.
Some patients require careful monitors.
Some patients require corrective surgery to the rectum or urethra after treatment.
Some patients require crowns or bridges to restore broken, worn or missing teeth.
Some patients require daily potassium supplementation.
Some patients require decreased dosage or discontinuation of therapy.
Some patients require dialysis temporarily until their kidneys function properly again.
Some patients require dialysis.
Some patients require diets.
Some patients require emergency surgery.
Some patients require further surgical treatment for hyperparathyroid glands.
Some patients require general anesthesia.
Some patients require heart valve replacements.
Some patients require higher dosages.
Some patients require hospitalization and supportive therapy.
Some patients require hospitalization for low blood pressure, dehydration, and pain management.
Some patients require injection of trigger points, tendons or ligaments.
Some patients require insertions.
Some patients require insulin.
Some patients require invasive procedures to improve blood flow to the heart over the long term.
Some patients require leucocyte poor products.
Some patients require lifetime glucocorticoid replacement therapy.
Some patients require little more than two or three summertime paddle sessions per year.
Some patients require manipulation.
Some patients require moisture chambers as well.
Some patients require monitors.
Some patients require months or years of speech-language training to acquire normal speech.
Some patients require more than one type of drop.
Some patients require more visits.
Some patients require morning and night exposure.
Some patients require no further treatment.
Some patients require observation during their pregnancy.
Some patients require occasional low dose narcotics.
Some patients require only local anesthesia.
Some patients require only one session.
Some patients require oral narcotics for the first few days after hair transplantation.
Some patients require other types of care.
Some patients require pain medications for a day or two while the stone fragments pass.
Some patients require periodic brief hospitalizations when symptoms are intense.
Some patients require plasma.
Some patients require principles.
Some patients require regular expert nail care by the podiatrist.
Some patients require replacements.
Some patients require several different kinds of eye drops to control the glaucoma.
Some patients require special medications.
Some patients require special therapy to achieve fertilization .
Some patients require storage.
Some patients require surgery to remove damaged portions of the intestine.
Some patients require surgery.
Some patients require term storage.
Some patients require the combination of medicine, while others benefit from levodopa alone.
Some patients require the stronger stimulation of acupuncture.
Some patients require three.
Some patients require tissue to be removed from their prostate to resume voiding.
Some patients require transplantation even if their liver is functioning well.
Some patients require treatment with corticosteroids, which suppress the overactive immune response.
Some patients require very close integration with other disciplines.
Some patients require vision training or eye exercises rather than lenses.
Some patients reside in homes.
Some patients reside in nurse homes.
Some patients resist getting up and moving that quickly following lung cancer treatment.
Some patients respond better to doxycycline, probably due to better compliance.
Some patients respond better to ice packs, or to combinations of moist heat followed by ice.
Some patients respond positively to even minimal weight loss.
Some patients respond quickly and have no further episodes.
Some patients respond temporarily to ventricular shunting.
Some patients respond to additional treatment through therapy.
Some patients respond to antibiotics.
Some patients respond to formulae.
Some patients respond to questionnaires.
Some patients respond to structure questionnaires.
Some patients respond transiently, but no benefit in long-term survival has been achieved.
Some patients respond well to papaverine alone without phentolamine.
Some patients rest, others use music or videos provided to pass the time.
Some patients resume daily activities and return to work or school within a few days.
Some patients retain conditions.
Some patients retain impairment.
Some patients retain medical conditions.
Some patients retain the allergy throughout life.
Some patients return routinely.
Some patients return to daily life.
Some patients return to life.
Some patients return to normal activities in one to three days.
Some patients return to productive life.
Some patients return to schools.
Some patients return to smoking to overcome the congestion and blockage.
Some patients say insurers have refused to pay for treatment because of cost alone.
Some patients say it helps with nausea yet takes a long time to work.
Some patients say that chocolate can trigger a migraine headache.
Some patients say they ate never comfortable unless they have diarrhea.
Some patients say they only enjoy cigarettes in limited settings, such as after eating or sex.
Some patients scratch at their skin until it bleeds and crusts.
Some patients scratch the skin until it bleeds and crusts.
Some patients see a dramatic improvement in their vision the first day.
Some patients see both.
Some patients see coloured patterns or shapes.
Some patients see counselors.
Some patients see gobs of mucous in the stool and become concerned.
Some patients see infertility counselors.
Some patients see it as overly rigid, greedy, one-sided and unfair.
Some patients see products.
Some patients see results in as little as six weeks.
Some patients see results in weeks.
Some patients see results.
Some patients seek alternative therapies for their pain and disability.
Some patients seek chiropractic care only when their ache or pain becomes unbearable.
Some patients seek chiropractic care only when their pain becomes unbearable.
Some patients seek issues.
Some patients seek medical help, some psychiatric.
Some patients seek out alternative remedies, with varying degrees of success.
Some patients seem suddenly to experience life-threatening hypercapnic respiratory failure.
Some patients seem to have an inherited inability to bifixate.
Some patients seem to hit it off quickly because of the same sense of humor etc.
Some patients select to have chemotherapy and radiosurgery together.
Some patients sense that there is a slight ache in or behind the ear.
Some patients share common frustrations.
Some patients share frustrations.
Some patients share information that they have discovered with their providers.
Some patients show a severe systemic hypersensitivity to arthropod allergens.
Some patients show an abnormally uninhibited sexual drive.
Some patients show attention.
Some patients show bones.
Some patients show degeneration.
Some patients show depressions.
Some patients show little or no response to vasodilators initially, yet benefit from long-term use.
Some patients show oxygen uptake.
Some patients show reductions.
Some patients show symptom complexes that fit neither typical achalasia nor typical diffuse spasm.
Some patients show the symptoms of both schizophrenia and manic depression.
Some patients show trends.
Some patients show uptake.
Some patients show visual attention.
Some patients simply choose to take a few days off of work, until their scalp has adequately healed.
Some patients sit at kitchen tables.
Some patients sit at tables.
Some patients sit in chairs.
Some patients skip doses or cut pills in an effort to save money.
Some patients sleep on stretchers in drafty hallways and wait days for a hospital bed.
Some patients start dialysis.
Some patients state that they are now cured.
Some patients stay in one stage or another many months or even years.
Some patients stay on methadone for long periods, while others move from methadone to abstinence.
Some patients stay on methadone indefinitely, while others move from methadone to abstinence.
Some patients stay up at night wondering what they are going to do if such and such a thing happens.
Some patients still have symptoms albeit much milder.
Some patients still have trouble maintaining target ranges despite adherence to a very strict diet.
Some patients still require thinner glasses for fine-tuning their critical needs.
Some patients stop breathing for more than a minute at a time.
Some patients stop speaking altogether.
Some patients study therapy.
Some patients suffer all their lives never being able to overcome the disease.
Some patients suffer burns.
Some patients suffer diseases.
Some patients suffer for years.
Some patients suffer from a tingling feeling or pains in their hands.
Some patients suffer from an irritable bowel syndrome.
Some patients suffer from aspiration pneumonia.
Some patients suffer from atherosclerosis.
Some patients suffer from bacterial meningitis.
Some patients suffer from cancer.
Some patients suffer from cirrhosis.
Some patients suffer from computer usage.
Some patients suffer from conditioned insomnia.
Some patients suffer from constipation.
Some patients suffer from coronary atherosclerosis.
Some patients suffer from depressions.
Some patients suffer from dry eyes, which can be treated with artificial teardrops.
Some patients suffer from epilepsy.
Some patients suffer from exhaustion.
Some patients suffer from hemorrhagic episodes.
Some patients suffer from hepatitis.
Some patients suffer from infection.
Some patients suffer from ingestion.
Some patients suffer from lung infection.
Some patients suffer from meningitis.
Some patients suffer from multiple sclerosis.
Some patients suffer from nausea.
Some patients suffer from osteoarthritises.
Some patients suffer from persistent hepatitis.
Some patients suffer from pneumonia.
Some patients suffer from poisoning.
Some patients suffer from sclerosis.
Some patients suffer from sleep-related movement disorders.
Some patients suffer infection.
Some patients suffer invasive infection.
Some patients suffer low blood pressure and immune system collapse.
Some patients suffer more symptoms than others.
Some patients suffer nausea.
Some patients suffer only one or a few attacks, but others have many.
Some patients suffer pneumonia.
Some patients suffer syncope or fatigue on exertion, and substernal anginal pain is common.
Some patients suffer syphilis.
Some patients suffer the headache for days, with no relief even during sleep.
Some patients survive acute episodes.
Some patients survive episodes.
Some patients survive for months to years.
Some patients survive into adulthood.
Some patients survive poison episodes.
Some patients survive ten years or longer.
Some patients sustain burns.
Some patients swear the blind doctor sees their pain better than anyone.
Some patients take a tape recorder to their doctor visits so they can later review what was said.
Some patients take a very small dose of coumadin.
Some patients take acyclovir only at the first signs of an outbreak.
Some patients take antigen.
Some patients take aspirin and one mg of coumadin.
Some patients take baking soda as a preventative before consuming problematic foods.
Some patients take blood.
Some patients take capsules orally.
Some patients take carnitine as a dietary supplement with liver disease.
Some patients take chemotherapy and feel no changes at all.
Some patients take chromium.
Some patients take coffee.
Some patients take corticosteroids to control inflammation.
Some patients take corticosteroids.
Some patients take grapefruit juice.
Some patients take gum.
Some patients take hormones.
Some patients take insulin.
Some patients take juice.
Some patients take longer for the scar to turn pale and fade further.
Some patients take medications only just after and before their appointments.
Some patients take nitrate.
Some patients take part in a clinical trial or research study using new treatment methods.
Some patients take the pills every day.
Some patients take time.
Some patients talk and socialize, while others sit quietly.
Some patients talk to officers.
Some patients talk to police officers.
Some patients tape their eyes closed when they sleep to prevent further exposure.
Some patients tend to increasingly withdraw from other people.
Some patients tend to use it as a moisturizer to prevent a rash.
Some patients think it still is.
Some patients think more is better.
Some patients throw up and suffer from diarrhea.
Some patients tolerate calcium citrate better than calcium carbonate.
Some patients tolerate their medication better when it is given as a single dose before bedtime.
Some patients tolerate whole milk or chocolate milk better than skim.
Some patients touch wire.
Some patients treat with aspirin.
Some patients treat with corticosteroids.
Some patients treat with fish oil.
Some patients treat with growth hormones.
Some patients treat with hormones.
Some patients treat with insulin.
Some patients treat with mustard oil.
Some patients treat with oil.
Some patients truly are poor candidates for lip augmentation by any of the methods discussed.
Some patients try orthotics, cortisone injections, stretching, etc. with little or no relief.
Some patients turn to a physiatrist to tailor a program.
Some patients ultimately recover.
Some patients undergo an x-ray examination of the esophagus and stomach to look for a hernia.
Some patients undergo artery bypass surgery.
Some patients undergo bypass surgery.
Some patients undergo cardiac bypass surgery.
Some patients undergo cardiac surgery.
Some patients undergo chemotherapy.
Some patients undergo colon surgery.
Some patients undergo combination chemotherapy.
Some patients undergo coronary artery bypass surgery.
Some patients undergo coronary bypass surgery.
Some patients undergo coronary surgery.
Some patients undergo dental implants while some only want the teeth removed.
Some patients undergo dialysis.
Some patients undergo double, triple or even quadruple bypasses, based on their specific needs.
Some patients undergo enzyme replacement therapy.
Some patients undergo heart surgery.
Some patients undergo hip surgery.
Some patients undergo inductions.
Some patients undergo invasive medical procedures.
Some patients undergo invasive procedures.
Some patients undergo joint replacement surgery.
Some patients undergo major surgery.
Some patients undergo medical procedures.
Some patients undergo medical therapy.
Some patients undergo open heart surgery.
Some patients undergo procedures.
Some patients undergo radiation therapy.
Some patients undergo radiation.
Some patients undergo renal replacement therapy.
Some patients undergo renal therapy.
Some patients undergo replacement therapy.
Some patients undergo significant emotional changes.
Some patients undergo standard medical therapy.
Some patients undergo standard therapy.
Some patients undergo successful therapy.
Some patients undergo surgery.
Some patients undergo surgical procedures.
Some patients undergo techniques.
Some patients undergo their training in small community hospitals.
Some patients undergo therapy.
Some patients undergo three or four infusions per week for up to ten weeks.
Some patients undergo transplant surgery.
Some patients undergoing lung irradiation for large primaries develop pneumonitis.
Some patients undergoing radiation therapy feel fatigue during treatment.
Some patients understand management.
Some patients understand subjects.
Some patients unfortunately come to replacement of joints, most often the hips.
Some patients use a fannypack under the arm for support.
Some patients use aloe lotion.
Some patients use alternative treatments.
Some patients use aspirin instead.
Some patients use care.
Some patients use compounds.
Some patients use computers in their local libraries to communicate with their mentors.
Some patients use cream.
Some patients use emergency vehicles.
Some patients use follow tables.
Some patients use kudzu.
Some patients use loofahs.
Some patients use lotion.
Some patients use many other alternative treatments.
Some patients use mechanical ventilation.
Some patients use modules.
Some patients use pictures.
Some patients use rollers and other gadgets to improve blood circulation.
Some patients use salt.
Some patients use self controlled dosage devices.
Some patients use skin care.
Some patients use tables.
Some patients use treatments.
Some patients use vehicles.
Some patients use ventilation.
Some patients utilize wrists that detach one terminal device and allow another to be snapped in.
Some patients wait as long as two years after surgery for sperm motility to normalize.
Some patients wait months and drive up to two hours for an appointment.
Some patients wake up at night to take more enzymes.
Some patients wear belts.
Some patients wear elastics to achieve correction.
Some patients wear gloves.
Some patients wear light cotton gloves.
Some patients wear seat belts.
Some patients welcome the incorporation of alternative medicine during surgical procedures.
Some patients wind up doing so much reading that they become experts on their own illnesses.
Some patients wish to die at home with their family.
Some patients wish to remain as alert as possible, while others ask to be sedated.
Some patients withdraw into their sadness.
Some patients work for companies.
Some patients worry about receiving too much radiation.
Some patients yell or scream, or get a lump in their throat.
Patients rights are about to be added.
Patina figurine resting atop slate accentuates the beautiful live bromeliads.
Patina green is the weathered copper look while tile red resembles clay roofing tile in color.
All patina work is done by hand with custom chemical mixtures to create their diverse color scheme.
A patina is a coat
Patinas develop on nature's timetable rather than man's.
Some patinas change more rapidly depending on the oxidation factors surrounding the bronze.
Patio access is enjoyed by all our guests.
Patio blocks are common in brickyards, garden stores, and big chain hardware stores.
Patio blocks are good for their consistency in difficulty, although a wet block is harder to break.
All patio covers come in white.
Every patio cover is custom made to specifications supplied by our customers.
Patio door lead out to rear yard deck.
Patio door leads to future deck.
Patio door opens to deck overlooking lake.
Patio doors allow access to the balcony for full appreciation of the beautiful surroundings.
Patio doors are another high risk access to the home.
Patio doors are located in landfills.
Patio doors are located in patios.
Patio doors are particularly vulnerable.
Patio doors lead from both master bedrooms and the family room onto the pool deck.
Patio doors lead from the family room lead straight on the covered lanai and then to the pool area.
Patio doors lead from the living room to the garden at the rear of the cottage.
Patio doors lead onto a large terrace from both the lounge and bedrooms.
Patio doors lead onto the south facing terrace.
Patio doors lead onto the sun deck and pool.
Patio doors lead onto the sun terrace, with table and chairs for outside dining.
Patio doors lead out from the adjoining lounge into an extended and private patio garden.
Patio doors lead out to new patio deck and professionally landscaped lot.
Patio doors lead out to the pool area.
Patio doors lead out to the pool.
Patio doors lead to a large patio area over looking the lake.
Patio doors lead to interior deck overlooking solarium - outside decks overlook the woods and water.
Patio doors lead to private covered deck.
Patio doors lead to the lake side sun deck.
Patio doors lead to the screened lanai which has a table and chairs.
Patio doors open onto a deck at the side of the house.
Patio doors open onto a private wooden deck adjacent to the harbor.
Patio doors open out into the mountain setting bringing nature into the home.
Many patio floors are beautiful ceramic tiles.
Patio furniture is available in many styles from rustic to modern.
Patio furniture is provided for use by our residents and their guests during the warmer months.
Patio furniture is provided to allow guests to relax or entertain on the deck.
Patio furniture is provided.
Patio furniture requires room around it in order to be used comfortably.
Patio heaters are easy to use, thanks to remote control switches that provide instant starting.
Patio heaters have two installation types from which to choose.
Patio homes are available in some neighborhoods.
Patio homes offer affordability and energy-efficiency with an abundance of living space.
Patio lights are just the begining.
Most patio parties take place in the summer so roses are in season and a great value.
Patio plants are easy to maintain.
Patio rooms are an incredible alternative to conventional construction.
Patio rooms can be multi-level, replace a deck or lead onto one.
Patio rooms can blend glass with aluminum and wood.
Patio rooms offer many uses for homeowners.
Patio screens can pop out in high winds.
Patio theme is very versatile and well adapted to museum activities.
A patio is an area
Patio dining in the summer is an extra treat underneath the grape arbor.
Patio dining on sunny days is superb.
Patios are areas.
Patios are for family barbecues, entertaining friends and catching some rays on a sunny day.
Patios are located in backyards.
Patios are located in gardens.
Patios are located in houses.
Patios are part of gardens.
Patios are part of houses.
Patios are used for cookouts.
Patios are used for patio furniture.
Patios can be nice, but they can also be very public, depending.
Patios can settle and crack, directing water toward the house.
Patios grow up, then out, then tumble and cascade.
Patios have beautiful views of Taylor Bay.
Patios have East or West view.
Patios offer sea views.
Patios surround the house, and there is a sundeck overlooking the bay.
Patios surround the house, and there is a sundeck overlooking the Bay.
Patios vary in size, shape and color to compliment the surroundings.
Every patio can become a more inviting place to relax with the addition of plants.
A patisserie is a store
A patisserie is work
Patisseries generally are divine.
A patriarch is a father
Patriarch arrives in Miami, Florida.
Patriarch is also available in an audio format.
Patriarch is available upon request.
Patriarch is the head of a patriarchal church.
Patriarch leaves for Boston.
Patriarch leaves for Brooklyn, New York.
Patriarch leaves for Canada.
Patriarch leaves Miami for Richmond, Virginia.
Patriarchs are equal and autonomous but in communion with one another.
Patriarchs are fathers.
Patriarchs are men.
Patriarchs are old men.
Patriarchs are primates.
Patriarchs are real people.
Patriarchs are spiritual leaders.
Patriarchs give spiritual leadership to the churches.
Patriarchal blessings contemplate an inspired declaration of the lineage of the recipient.
Patriarchal civilization depends on female chastity.
Patriarchal governments seem to have little use for multiple answers.
Patriarchal privilege is one of the glues used to bind men to marriage as an institution.
Patriarchal religions seem to view the symbols of women as detrimental to spirituality.
Patriarchal rulers can only benefit their society when the needs are uniform.
Patriarchal society reflects the widespread fear of women on the part of men.
Patriarchal values persist where there is a rural majority, even after revolutionary change.
Patriarchal values produce the opposite of bliss.
Most patriarchies go to great length to exclude love as a basis of mate selection.
A patrilineage is kinship
Patrilineages usually consist of a number of related nuclear families .
Patrilineal descent replaces mother-right.
A patriot is a subject
Patriots are grown too shrewd to be sincere.
Patriots are just tax-evading ruffians in powdered wigs.
Patriots are nationals.
Patriots are people who show loyalty and respect to our country.
Patriots are people.
Patriots are teams.
Patriots are vilified, alternative beliefs are ridiculed, enforcement and punishment is glorified.
Patriots are wrestlers.
Patriots conquer fear and shoot down jets.
Patriots do for free what mercenaries charge for.
Patriots do the right thing when the time comes.
Patriots drive larger cars.
Patriots earn a pin-on button each time they march in a parade.
Patriots employ cyberspace as a way to promulgate their numerous quasi-governmental institutions.
Patriots fall to No.
Patriots get the nod here.
Patriots have a plethora of holes.
Patriots have dissapointing tournament, but can build.
Patriots is a novel about a socioeconomic collapse in the near future.
Patriots join the militias out of fear and frustration.
Patriots knock off Portland.
Patriots know what is going on.
Patriots pay nothing to join but have to supply transportation to and from the parades.
Patriots pursue commerce when it enriches our Nation.
Patriots retreat to South Carolina.
Most Patriots are aware of the risk they take when visiting Yosemite National Park, California.
Most Patriots think that after they get into control, the game is over and that they have won.
Patriotic bunting ruffles the edges of buildings.
Patriotic citizens wish that their country be as free from violent crime as possible.
Patriotic ducks help decorate the yard.
Patriotic efforts are underway throughout our school.
Patriotic events get prime treatment.
Patriotic flags decorate the head-end of the park.
Patriotic hackers target college, porn sites.
Patriotic Jewelry Hurry, selling out fast.
Patriotic material is provided to members and other interested persons.
Patriotic mood welling up America strikes back.
Patriotic music plays in the background.
Patriotic prejudices forget that the land belongs to all people and is to be shared.
Patriotic progressives see public institutions as a means of maintaining a nation.
Patriotic symbols are visible signs of the intangible feelings of national and state pride.
Patriotic symbols are visible signs of the intangible feelings of national pride.
Patriotic wives abandon cosmetics altogether.
Patriotism abounds at all times and legal holidays are observed with fitting exercises.
Patriotism abounds here and people are quite self sufficient.
Patriotism assumes that our globe is divided into little spots, each one surrounded by an iron gate.
Patriotism can be a cloak for self-interest.
Patriotism can be a fine and useful emotion.
Patriotism can degenerate into jingoism and enthusiasm into fanaticism and virtue into prudishness.
Patriotism can lead men to do very evil things.
Patriotism consists in building up a strong revolt against foreign governments.
Patriotism describes our relationship with our country.
Patriotism does act as restraint on some forms of plunder.
Patriotism gives a people identity and personality.
Patriotism has no bearing on the figures.
Patriotism has no necessary connection with it.
Patriotism hates dissent.
Patriotism integrates current events with athletic topics of the day .
Patriotism is a curious passion.
Patriotism is a lively sense of collective responsibility.
Patriotism is a loyalty to a certain place or idea.
Patriotism is a necessary ingredient if a nation is to flourish in the new global economy.
Patriotism is a pernicious, psychopathic form of idiocy.
Patriotism is a poor second to love of family.
Patriotism is a second trait.
Patriotism is a strong part of the program.
Patriotism is a subset of justice.
Patriotism is a thing of the past.
Patriotism is a value.
Patriotism is a word which represents a noble idea.
Patriotism is above par.
Patriotism is alive and well.
Patriotism is also fun.
Patriotism is always big, flags and government.
Patriotism is always for sale.
Patriotism is an early riser in Plymouth.
Patriotism is an important part of school life at D.C.Reeves.
Patriotism is an odd thing to try and cultivate in people.
Patriotism is another consideration.
Patriotism is colorless and creedless.
Patriotism is different from nationalism .
Patriotism is different from nationalism.
Patriotism is easy to understand in America.
Patriotism is essential for man's welfare.
Patriotism is for the poor .
Patriotism is high and encouraged, always.
Patriotism is human emotion.
Patriotism is important and vibrant to the American soul.
Patriotism is important, but family loyalty is stronger.
Patriotism is in political life what faith is in religion.
Patriotism is indeed the last resort of the scoundrel.
Patriotism is like germ warfare.
Patriotism is love of country.
Patriotism is loyalty
Patriotism is loyalty.
Patriotism is no excuse.
Patriotism is no longer either fashionable nor much admired.
Patriotism is no more devotion to one s country .
Patriotism is ok in limited doses.
Patriotism is on the rise.
Patriotism is one thing.
Patriotism is questioned.
Patriotism is something entirely positive.
Patriotism is still a virtue.
Patriotism is the action, practice or process of loving, supporting and defending one's country.
Patriotism is the last refuge for scoundrels.
Patriotism is the last refuge of a scoundrel, indeed.
Patriotism is the last refuge of a scoundrel.
Patriotism is the last refuge of an unprofitable business.
Patriotism is the last refuge of scoundrels, as they say.
Patriotism is the last refuge of scoundrels.
Patriotism is the last refuge of the scoundrel.
Patriotism is the last refuge of the sculptor.
Patriotism is the most bizarre appeal.
Patriotism is the respectful allegiance to one's country.
Patriotism is the virtue of the vicious.
Patriotism is the willingness to kill and be killed for trivial reasons.
Patriotism is the worship of male-dominated states.
Patriotism is virtually unheard of among the general population.
Patriotism is, however, a different concept and a powerful emotion.
Patriotism means equipped forces and a prepared citizenry.
Patriotism means to stand by the country.
Patriotism mixed with religion is the last refuge of a scoundrel.
Patriotism only goes so far.
Patriotism plays into all of the problems in America today.
Patriotism properly ranks very highly on the value scale of a vast majority of our fellow citizens.
Patriotism remains the last refuge of scoundrels.
Patriotism requires temporary deferment of personal aspirations and ideologies.
Patriotism rises above the government as a mountain towers above a blade of grass.
Patriotism seems to make many members of the U.S. news media nervous.
Patriotism sometimes makes difficult demands on one.
Patriotism usually works well in gathering people's support at any time.
Patristic sources describe monkish battles against demonic monkey-business.
A patrol boat is a vessel
Patrol boats are usually available to assist.
Patrol boats pursue.
A patrol car is a car
Patrol cars are there daily.
Patrol cars change to black with newly designed reflective lettering and emblem.
Most patrol cars are capable of radio communications with many Morris County municipalities.
Patrol leaders are responsible to see that supplies are provided.
Patrol leaders say they've been working on the problem for years.
Patrol officers are an excellent source of information.
Patrol officers are frequently the first to respond to calls for service throughout the city.
Patrol officers are now divided among three sector captains.
Patrol officers are often the first line of defense against crime in Medford.
Patrol officers are prepared to respond to any call for service.
Patrol officers are the most under-utilized weapon against drug traffic.
Patrol officers are the most visible members of the organization.
Patrol officers are usually the first officers the public comes into contact with.
Patrol officers can also generate crime prevention requests.
Patrol officers carry out lighting and maintenance checks every day during their rounds on campus.
Patrol officers conduct a traffic stop of a vehicle containing narcotics suspects.
Patrol officers conduct nearly all initial criminal investigations.
Patrol officers have to complete reports.
Patrol officers investigate all misdemeanor crimes and enforce state and municipal traffic laws.
Patrol officers perform each of the primary policing functions.
Patrol officers provide police services in elementary school neighborhoods.
Patrol officers receive a message of the assignment on their computer as well as radio broadcast.
Patrol officers receive additional training in their areas of interest.
Patrol officers receive extensive ongoing training in a variety of areas throughout their careers.
Patrol officers travel through their area to see what is happening.
Patrol officers try to cover every part of the city several times a day.
All patrol officers have the responsibility of enforcing traffic laws within the City of High Point.
All patrol officers perform unscheduled contacts with schools.
Every patrol officer is supplied with recording devices to use when contacting the public.
Most patrol officers live in their cars, on the road.
Some patrol officers arrest individuals.
Some patrol officers discover victims.
A patrol is a detachment
Patrol isa organization.
Patrol isa protection.
Patrols also discuss better ways to perform their duties.
Patrols also place emphasis on speeding, safety belt and alcohol-related violations.
Patrols are detachments.
Patrols are everywhere.
Patrols are forces.
Patrols are important for preventing or reducing theft and vandalism.
Patrols are limited so it is extremely important for the public to be involved.
Patrols are missions to gather information or to conduct combat operations.
Patrols are on duty to help students cross the street safely.
Patrols are on duty when the children are coming to school and at dismissal time.
Patrols are protection.
Patrols are radio-equipped.
Patrols are the building blocks of the troop.
Patrols are to be respected and their instructions followed by all students.
Patrols are where there are no cadet units in the community.
Patrols assist, educate and inform to help keep trails open.
Patrols begin to maintain public law and order.
Patrols branch off and set up their tents and dining flies.
Patrols can elect rotating leaders and assistant leaders and choose patrol names and symbols.
Patrols concentrate in residential neighborhoods as well as retail areas.
Patrols consist of tagging and collecting biometric data.
Patrols deck to assure the safety and orderly conduct of passengers.
Patrols generally cover an area such as business districts or outlying residential neighborhoods.
Patrols give rise to meet people again who have got SFOR assistance.
Patrols help crime.
Patrols maintain direct radio comunication with the precinct.
Patrols monitor the bike traffic.
Patrols plan their own menus, and cook and eat together as a team.
Patrols premises on regular basis that includes conducting and documenting building rounds.
Patrols premises to ensure security and to provide an official presence.
Patrols prepare morning and evening meals at the site.
Patrols prepare their own menus and do their own shopping.
Patrols really appreciate the adult help they receive while on the job.
Patrols regularly convey people home or to appropriate shelters or even to hospital if necessary.
Patrols render assistance to boaters in any emergency.
Patrols report enemy established on the dam itself.
Patrols serve on a.m. or p.m. shifts.
Patrols shrimp ponds and tidal pens on foot or by motorboat to detect presence of predators.
Patrols take place in the immediate vicinity of the sites and deep into the desert.
Patrols then huddle to prepare a list of all the things they found wrong in the camp.
Patrols typically operate as a volunteer group for the local land management agency.
Patrols use planes and surface vessels equipped with radar, loran, and underwater sound equipment.
Patrols work seven days a week, and each shift is four hours long.
Patrols often prove to be a unique opportunity to interact with the local population.
Every patrol can be different.
Every patrol needs a good name.
Many patrols also offer escort services.
More patrols follows, but no more enemy aircrafts are intercepted.
Most patrols help crime.
Some patrols also have a patrol song.
Some patrols have a flashing light on the roof so that it can be identified at night.
Some patrols inform captains.
Some patrols report badgers.
Some patrols serve on buses and others on campus or at crossings.
A patroller is a watchman
Patrollers also assist the university community by assisting motorist.
Patrollers are friendly and fun individuals eager to discuss a broad range of topics.
Patrollers are people with a strong desire to help others.
Patrollers are responsible for their designees.
Patrollers are watchmans.
Patrollers arrest gawkers.
Patrollers can provide a wide range of assistance to mountain bikers and other trail users.
Patrollers provide assistance, education and information to mountain bikers and other trail users.
Patrollers sail, golf, horseback ride and cycle during the off-season.
All patrollers are knowledgeable of the area and are well versed in emergency bike repair.
Some patrollers however argue they are misrepresented.
A patrolman is a lawman
Patrolman isa defender.
Patrolman isa guardian.
Patrolmans have (part) arms.
Patrolmans have (part) body substances.
Patrolmans have (part) cell membranes.
Patrolmans have (part) cells.
Patrolmans have (part) corpi.
Patrolmans have (part) cytoplasm.
Patrolmans have (part) heads.
Patrolmans have (part) human bodies.
Patrolmans have (part) legs.
Patrolmans have (part) material bodies.
Patrolmans have (part) necks.
Patrolmans have (part) nuclei.
Patrolmans have (part) personality.
Patrolmans have (part) plasma membranes.
Patrolmans have (part) sections.
Patrolmans have (part) vacuoles.
Some patrolmans see children.
Some patrolmans see old children.
Some patrolmans shoot to death.
Some patrolmans take trouble.
Some patrolmen now earn more than their bosses because of overtime.
A patron saint is a guardian
A patron saint is a saint
Patron saints are no strangers to subspecializtion.
A patron is a customer
Patron copies Costs vary.
Patron counts become predictable.
Patron visits now more than double the combined usage of the two previous locations.
Patrons abide by the requests of the bus driver.
Patrons accept all risk when they use data or programs from the Internet.
Patrons access interlibrary loan services through several transmission methods.
Patrons access the Internet at their own discretion.
Patrons accessing the Internet agree to respect the intellectual property rights of others.
Patrons agree to relocate to other stations when requested to do so by the lab staff.
Patrons also are able to print the text.
Patrons also are responsible for damage to non-book materials returned to a book drop.
Patrons also can do comparison shopping.
Patrons also can relax outdoors while sampling wine and cheese.
Patrons also get a fine salad, but the fresh greens seem out of place with afternoon tea.
Patrons also have access to the Internet.
Patrons also have the ability to to renew books and request holds be placed on books, etc.
Patrons also have the opportunity to read the program notes, provided at each Informance.
Patrons also have the opportunity to upgrade their ticket to a scholarship ticket.
Patrons also have the option to purchase tickets to the post-concert function alone.
Patrons appear to be getting ready for something besides a movie.
Patrons are a neighborhood mix of misshapen middle-aged couples and cute young things.
Patrons are able to check out books, books on tape, magazines, and videos.
Patrons are able to print documents from the network or download to diskettes.
Patrons are able to send and receive faxes throughout the world via our machine.
Patrons are able to support the museum by making purchase at the store.
Patrons are able to use individual and group media rooms for viewing and listening.
Patrons are able to view and print articles.
Patrons are advised to arrive early.
Patrons are also pleased with the ban.
Patrons are also responsible for all charges assessed by the lending library.
Patrons are also responsible for any insurance or copying fees assessed to the materials.
Patrons are also responsible for paying the cost of lost books, including any processing fees.
Patrons are also welcome to drop in for service during business hours.
Patrons are also welcome to request specific titles.
Patrons are always welcome, and an open-door policy and attitude permeates the faculty and school.
Patrons are an ideal way to fund the newsletter.
Patrons are architectural sophisticates who consciously commission a building as a work of art.
Patrons are at our mercy.
Patrons are benefactors.
Patrons are credit reported only as a last resort.
Patrons are customers.
Patrons are definitely in for a few surprises, as well as some great, fun, memorable music.
Patrons are eligible to borrow only on their own number.
Patrons are encouraged to check there before placing their order.
Patrons are encourages to bring their lawn chairs and blankets and enjoy a last taste of summer.
Patrons are financially responsible for charges for photocopies provided by lending libraries.
Patrons are financially responsible for materials lost or damaged.
Patrons are free to access whatever Internet sites they wish.
Patrons are free to bring their own brown bag lunch or purchase lunch from an on-site vendor.
Patrons are free to use the copier, and can be assisted by a library staffperson if needed.
Patrons are from all over the United States, Europe and South America.
Patrons are generally as serious about their partying as they are about their hockey.
Patrons are happy to throw their money into the tin passing around at halftime.
Patrons are happy with being able to get print copies of articles they research.
Patrons are individuals with money but little business experience.
Patrons are interested in getting car and truck prices from the Automobile Blue Book online.
Patrons are legally responsible for any use of their card by other persons.
Patrons are liable for all charges incurred, regardless of the search results.
Patrons are liable for all costs resulting from damage, loss or late return.
Patrons are liable for ALL pages that print during their session.
Patrons are liable for any damage that they cause while using the computers.
Patrons are liable for loss or damages to books that occur while in the patron's possession.
Patrons are limited to one booking per day per service.
Patrons are limited to one checkout of study rooms per day for any individual or group.
Patrons are limited to one session per day, per person.
Patrons are located in bus stops.
Patrons are located in movies.
Patrons are located in restaurants.
Patrons are more interested than ever before, and are desirous of paying teachers better salaries.
Patrons are more relaxed and able to communicate with greatly reduced effort.
Patrons are never satisfied with print turnaround time.
Patrons are normal human beings and have real problems.
Patrons are now able to check their accounts online.
Patrons are only steps from the beach and a selection of restaurants and shops.
Patrons are owners.
Patrons are people who share a strong enthusiasm for the place of art in Britain today.
Patrons are people who share a strong enthusiasm for the place of culture in Australia today.
Patrons are pleased to find exactly what they are looking for at their local branch.
Patrons are responsible for accumulated fines.
Patrons are responsible for all charges once an item has been requested.
Patrons are responsible for all charges related to borrowing or copying materials.
Patrons are responsible for all charges up to time of report.
Patrons are responsible for all copier charges.
Patrons are responsible for all copies which are printed.
Patrons are responsible for all costs and fines associated with the use of their library card.
Patrons are responsible for all costs if they decide to proceed with the order of a copy.
Patrons are responsible for all costs, if they decide to purchase a copy of a thesis.
Patrons are responsible for all fines and charges incurred incurred from using the card.
Patrons are responsible for ALL fines incurred.
Patrons are responsible for all fines.
Patrons are responsible for all interlibrary loan materials.
Patrons are responsible for all items borrowed with their library card.
Patrons are responsible for all items charged out on their card.
Patrons are responsible for all items checked out on their card.
Patrons are responsible for all items checked out on their cards.
Patrons are responsible for all library material checked out in their name.
Patrons are responsible for all lost book charges.
Patrons are responsible for all material borrowed on their card.
Patrons are responsible for all materials borrowed on their library card.
Patrons are responsible for all materials borrowed with their library cards.
Patrons are responsible for all materials borrowed.
Patrons are responsible for all materials checked out on their card.
Patrons are responsible for all materials checked out on their library card.
Patrons are responsible for all materials checked out on their library cards.
Patrons ARE responsible for ALL materials checked out with their card.
Patrons are responsible for all materials checked out with their identification card.
Patrons are responsible for all materials checked out with their library card.
Patrons are responsible for all materials signed out on their cards.
Patrons are responsible for all materials that are check out under their names.
Patrons are responsible for all materials which are printed.
Patrons are responsible for all materials.
Patrons are responsible for all overdue fines and replacement costs.
Patrons are responsible for all printing, even accidental.
Patrons are responsible for all use of their library cards, with or without their consent.
Patrons are responsible for any accrued fines.
Patrons are responsible for any and all equipment damaged while checked out in their name.
Patrons are responsible for any and all items checked out on their cards.
Patrons are responsible for any books they borrow that are lost or stolen.
Patrons are responsible for any damage they cause to the libraries' computer equipment.
Patrons are responsible for any damage to joysticks, mouse, monitor, mainframes, or printer.
Patrons are responsible for any intentional destruction or damage to computer equipment.
Patrons are responsible for any items checked out on the card until the card is set to lost.
Patrons are responsible for any materials checked out on their card.
Patrons are responsible for any printouts they make.
Patrons are responsible for checking equipment prior to each use.
Patrons are responsible for damage resulting from misuse.
Patrons are responsible for damage to art, frames, and carrying cases.
Patrons are responsible for damage to library equipment, software, or manuals.
Patrons are responsible for damage to materials checked out on their card.
Patrons are responsible for damage to videos they borrow.
Patrons are responsible for damage to videos, so please be careful.
Patrons are responsible for damaged or lost books returned any other place.
Patrons are responsible for determining appropriate audiences for the content.
Patrons are responsible for determining the suitability of any video to their audience.
Patrons are responsible for fee-based services.
Patrons are responsible for filling out the request forms completely and correctly.
Patrons are responsible for fines that accrue on items borrowed from another library.
Patrons are responsible for getting onto the Internet at their appointed time.
Patrons are responsible for handling payment and delivery directly with the vendor.
Patrons are responsible for immediately reporting changes of address and loss of library card.
Patrons are responsible for Internet behavior.
Patrons are responsible for items borrowed until returned to the library.
Patrons are responsible for knowing the date and time items are due back.
Patrons are responsible for knowing the due dates of library materials checked out in their names.
Patrons are responsible for library materials while they are in their care.
Patrons are responsible for lost and damaged equipment.
Patrons are responsible for lost or damaged books, tapes, etc.
Patrons are responsible for lost or damaged items and for any fines.
Patrons are responsible for lost or stolen items.
Patrons are responsible for materials borrowed.
Patrons are responsible for materials checked out on their card.
Patrons are responsible for materials they borrow.
Patrons are responsible for monitoring the quality of copies made on micrographic equipment.
Patrons are responsible for notifying the library immediately if their cards are lost or stolen.
Patrons are responsible for noting the due date on borrowed materials and equipment.
Patrons are responsible for observing all U.S.copyright regulations.
Patrons are responsible for overdue fines and any collections charges.
Patrons are responsible for paying costs of replacement of lost, damaged or unreturned items.
Patrons are responsible for paying for lost or damaged materials.
Patrons are responsible for paying the cost of any lost or damaged items.
Patrons are responsible for payment of all fines, damage costs, and charges for lost items.
Patrons are responsible for prompt return of all borrowed material.
Patrons are responsible for providing their own locks.
Patrons are responsible for registering their copies of shareware.
Patrons are responsible for rental fee and postage.
Patrons are responsible for replacement cost of any damaged or lost videos.
Patrons are responsible for reshelving the books they are using.
Patrons are responsible for reshelving their materials.
Patrons are responsible for return postage to the library.
Patrons are responsible for return shipping of all packages.
Patrons are responsible for returned damaged items.
Patrons are responsible for returning all borrowed items on time.
Patrons are responsible for returning all materials by the due date.
Patrons are responsible for returning books to the marine library as appropriate.
Patrons are responsible for returning borrowed materials to the lending library.
Patrons are responsible for returning headphones to the front desk immediately after computer use.
Patrons are responsible for returning items by the due date.
Patrons are responsible for returning items checked out on their library card by the due date.
Patrons are responsible for returning library materials when due.
Patrons are responsible for returning material on time.
Patrons are responsible for returning materials to the lending library.
Patrons are responsible for returning materials within the specified loan period.
Patrons are responsible for returning or renewing items by the due date of the items.
Patrons are responsible for returning or renewing items by the due date.
Patrons are responsible for returning or renewing library materials by the due date indicated.
Patrons are responsible for rewinding videos after each use.
Patrons are responsible for such charges.
Patrons are responsible for the access points they reach while on the net.
Patrons are responsible for the accuracy of online self-renewals.
Patrons are responsible for the books borrowed with their IDs.
Patrons are responsible for the cost of lost and damaged books.
Patrons are responsible for the cost of photocopied articles.
Patrons are responsible for the equipment they check out.
Patrons are responsible for the equipment when it is checked out.
Patrons are responsible for the packing and return shipping of all packages.
Patrons are responsible for the replacement cost of any damaged or lost items.
Patrons are responsible for the replacement cost of any lost or damaged items.
Patrons are responsible for the replacement cost of any video that is lost or damaged.
Patrons are responsible for the replacement cost of lost or damaged materials.
Patrons are responsible for the replacement of lost audio-visual materials.
Patrons are responsible for the safe return of loans to the library.
Patrons are responsible for their personal property.
Patrons are responsible for verifying the status of their books.
Patrons are responsible for what they print.
Patrons are satisfied with the fact there are two libraries in our area.
Patrons are serious about the food and extensive wine choices.
Patrons are sophisticated and well-heeled.
Patrons are spoilt for choice from the impressive range of authentic Cantonese dishes.
Patrons are story hooks as well as employers and are a frequent starting point for an adventure.
Patrons are to be treated politely, promptly, and with helpful attention.
Patrons are to check out materials and make copies as soon as possible.
Patrons are to refrain from petting or necking when in the pool and pool area.
Patrons are to sit in chairs or on the couch .
Patrons are unable to witness how multifaceted the lives of animals truly are.
Patrons are very pleased and reserves are at an all time low.
Patrons are welcome to address the board without prior notice.
Patrons are welcome to ask questions in person, over the phone, or through email.
Patrons are welcome to attend.
Patrons are welcome to bring a blanket.
Patrons are welcome to bring champagne or a picnic basket.
Patrons are welcome to bring their own as long as no glass is brought in to the event.
Patrons are welcome to bring their own wine to dinner.
Patrons are welcome to browse through the collections to inspect all items.
Patrons are welcome to come and go as they please and to eat delicious ice cream or sandwiches.
Patrons are welcome to conduct their own research at no cost.
Patrons are welcome to consult reference librarians with reference questions in person or by phone.
Patrons are welcome to enjoy drinks and appetizers before the film.
Patrons are welcome to print information from the Internet.
Patrons are welcome to recommend materials for purchase.
Patrons are welcome to renew books by phone or in person.
Patrons are welcome to sample the new beer.
Patrons are welcome to select their own microfilm from our compact shelving.
Patrons are welcome to stop by the office to check the status of their requests.
Patrons are welcome to stop by, call, fax, or e-mail a request for information.
Patrons are welcome to use the production room facility at their convenience.
Patrons are welcome to visit any of our other library facilities to get involved in the program.
Patrons are welcome to visit the library in person or to borrow by mail.
Patrons are young and casually dressed.
Patrons are, however, financially responsible for items checked out on their library cards.
Patrons arrive and leave the club quietly.
Patrons arrive by car and boat.
Patrons ask about fixing the page orientation but otherwise have had no problems opening documents.
Patrons ask as soon as they walk in or call.
Patrons assume responsibility for materials damaged or lost due to the conditions listed above.
Patrons assume responsibility for the cost of return shipping.
Patrons attend to hear an orchestra.
Patrons automatically receive our newsletter with information about upcoming Chorus events.
Patrons behave accordingly.
Patrons benefit from a quick response as to what documents are available and where they are located.
Patrons bring a lunch and coffee is provided.
Patrons bring damaged materials to circulation.
Patrons bring in art for advice on care, treatment, even display options.
Patrons browse our large collection of popular fiction titles.
Patrons browse the popular video and new books collections.
Patrons browse the shelves in a Paris bookstore.
Patrons call the video tender, enlightening and very helpful to both men and women.
Patrons call with all sorts of queries.
Patrons can access a collection that supports current academic and administrative programs.
Patrons can access any information that has been made public.
Patrons can access e-mail and the Internet while they wait for their clothes.
Patrons can access it in the library or through remote access at home or office.
Patrons can access the Internet and CD-ROM databases.
Patrons can access the Internet as well as other regional and national online catalogs.
Patrons can access the records for AV information by title, subject, and author.
Patrons can actually rent art from the collection.
Patrons can add more money to that account as they deplete the value on the original card.
Patrons can add value to either type card using the vending machine.
Patrons can add value to the card at the vending machine.
Patrons can also access any outstanding fines, requests, or verify their current mailing address.
Patrons can also access the database from home, but password is required.
Patrons can also access the library via the Internet from their home computer.
Patrons can also access the SWAN database from home.
Patrons can also access their borrower records from home using a computer equipped with a modem.
Patrons can also appreciate the beautiful marble lobby and enjoy films in air conditioned comfort.
Patrons can also arrange for tutorials and workshops at other times and on particular databases.
Patrons can also arrange for tutorials or workshops at other times and on particular databases.
Patrons can also check email, laser print, and web surf.
Patrons can also check out magazines and computer software from the media desk.
Patrons can also check to see what they have checked out.
Patrons can also create and print their own bibliographies with the program.
Patrons can also delete documents directly from the web interface.
Patrons can also delete their documents directly from the Web interface.
Patrons can also enjoy a special collection of books on Japanese society and culture.
Patrons can also enjoy daily live entertainment.
Patrons can also enjoy sunny afternoons on the patio, just off the dining area.
Patrons can also expect more than just the usual Irish pub fare.
Patrons can also find helpful direction using numerous pathfinders developed by librarians.
Patrons can also find out which materials they have borrowed.
Patrons can also get food here.
Patrons can also import citations from other search tools and bibliographic utilities.
Patrons can also lounge on three enormous synthetic fur-covered ottomans.
Patrons can also make changes to the font size to suit their reading and printing needs.
Patrons can also make their complaint via email .
Patrons can also now cancel a request at the request confirmation screen prior to submission.
Patrons can also order meal-size portions with side dishes like rice, fried potatoes and salads.
Patrons can also put holds on materials through the MORE online catalog.
Patrons can also reach the spa and salon through the conservatory.
Patrons can also receive advice on selecting the best plant material for rooftops and terraces.
Patrons can also renew library materials by phone.
Patrons can also request materials from the other libraries.
Patrons can also reserve books through the MORE online catalog .
Patrons can also review current curriculums for substance abuse, as well as professional journals.
Patrons can also schedule conferences with reference librarians for help with research strategies.
Patrons can also sign up for the email tables of contents service from the journal home page.
Patrons can also sip a cold one on the large outdoor patio.
Patrons can also sit outside.
Patrons can also treat themselves to a soothing European facial, mask, manicure or pedicure.
Patrons can also use the photocopier on the ground floor to send faxes.
Patrons can also view the federal tax returns of private foundations online.
Patrons can also visit the birth of a calf and piglets.
Patrons can ask for an immediate printout of their current transactions, fines, overdues, etc.
Patrons can ask for assistance or browse the open stacks if desired.
Patrons can be either businesses or individuals, and have a name, address, and phone number.
Patrons can be sensitive about appearing dumb.
Patrons can bring food and nonalcoholic beverages.
Patrons can bring pictures of furniture pieces.
Patrons can bring self-contained barbecues for use in designated areas only.
Patrons can bring self-contained barbecues for use in the picnic area only.
Patrons can bring their own barbecues for use in designated areas only.
Patrons can bring their own wine, and beer is available.
Patrons can brows menus, search for information, and add reviews of their favorite restaurants.
Patrons can browse recommended reading lists, which are used to create custom lists of materials.
Patrons can browse the items and pay for the selections at the nearby Circulation Desk.
Patrons can browse undisturbed or can ask for staff assistance, with confidentiality maintained.
Patrons can brush up on their short game during their meal.
Patrons can call in a request to renew materials.
Patrons can call in ahead for takeout or they can dine on their heated patio.
Patrons can call or fax orders from a take-out menu for lunch or dinner.
Patrons can cast votes for their favourite book, author, video, etc.
Patrons can change their addresses online.
Patrons can check email and search the Library Catalog and Internet.
Patrons can check out and return books to any of the participating libraries.
Patrons can check out materials only if they have a valid library card.
Patrons can check out materials, access book and journal collections and use reserve materials.
Patrons can check out or return books, tapes and videos at that time.
Patrons can check out the books for up to two weeks at no charge.
Patrons can check out three videos per card, in addition to the DVDs.
Patrons can choose all new books, or only books for a particular location.
Patrons can choose from either of our two restaurants.
Patrons can choose from fish, chicken, beef, vegetable or handroll.
Patrons can choose from open tables and chairs or more intimate booths.
Patrons can choose live seafood and then cook it on the spot.
Patrons can choose their own level from standard and enhanced graphical user-interfaces.
Patrons can choose three salads for a set price and have an eclectic lunch.
Patrons can choose to enter by the ramp or up the stairs leading to the vestibule.
Patrons can choose to search for materials in the local catalog first.
Patrons can come in and sign up for a time slot.
Patrons can come in costume.
Patrons can congregate in the locker rooms and the lobby areas until the pool reopens.
Patrons can contact the following to resolve computing problems via web, email, or on-site.
Patrons can dance to Motown music while watching the special.
Patrons can dance, play pool, air hockey and foosball.
Patrons can dine in one of many intimate dining atmospheres.
Patrons can dine indoors or outdoors, overlooking the Atlantic Ocean or in an elegant dining room.
Patrons can download and print selected material or entire articles.
Patrons can dress in whatever they are comfortable with.
Patrons can drive-in, but have the option of getting out of their vehicle.
Patrons can earn compensation for items such as food, drink or lodging and even cash-back bonuses.
Patrons can either use a standard search screen with multiple levels to search for items.
Patrons can enjoy a full-course dinner, catch some live music, see theater, or dance the night away.
Patrons can enjoy a marvelous dinner while looking out over the golf course and the sound.
Patrons can enjoy a tasting of different wines and learn about the wines of the theme regions.
Patrons can enjoy a warm cabin-like atmosphere with the large wood burning fireplace.
Patrons can enjoy a wonderful meal and then salsa off the calories before turning in for the night.
Patrons can enjoy country living with the conveniences of a major Indiana city.
Patrons can enjoy lunch while they prepare to bid.
Patrons can enjoy sunny afternoons on the patio, just off the dining area.
Patrons can enjoy swimming, boating and self-guided nature trail.
Patrons can enjoy the aromas of citrus and garlic upon entering.
Patrons can enjoy the beautful oceanfront view from the indoor or outdoor dining facilities.
Patrons can even catch a glimpse of the brewing process as they enjoy their meals.
Patrons can even renew their own materials without having to contact the library.
Patrons can examine materials in the various study rooms, filling the top three floors.
Patrons can exchange cash for codes in order to use public copiers, etc. in the libraries.
Patrons can exchange cash for codes in order to use public copiers, etc., in the libraries.
Patrons can expect continuing changes in the months to come.
Patrons can experience the dying art firsthand as the instructors explain the process.
Patrons can explore dozens of periodicals and newspapers in our nostalgic reading room .
Patrons can file reports, obtain crime prevention information and speak with a police officer.
Patrons can fill up on a pasta dish, a sandwich or pizza while enjoying a beverage from the bar.
Patrons can find more towels and facial tissue than is available in a whole third world country.
Patrons can get a better idea of the subjects of the books by reading the information.
Patrons can get a tan while eating local lobster or learning to dance the merengue.
Patrons can get expert advice on health and nutrition while they shop.
Patrons can get help with missing items from the stacks.
Patrons can get on the Western mailing list to get advance notice on excellent deals.
Patrons can get seating information, box office hours, directions and parking information, and more.
Patrons can get the wireless listening devices at the box office.
Patrons can go to any library in West Virginia to search for books by subject, title, or author.
Patrons can have email notification if they have an email address.
Patrons can have their meat cut as thick or as thin as they like.
Patrons can inhale air scented by one or more of the bottles.
Patrons can join the co-op and by joining they can share all of the software.
Patrons can keep the photocopy of the periodical articles without returning it.
Patrons can leave an e-mail message anytime.
Patrons can limit searches by location or date, perform self-help functions, and more.
Patrons can listen to jazz, people-watch or enjoy a light dinner.
Patrons can listen via lightweight earphone sets.
Patrons can locate library items throughout the county on computers.
Patrons can look at photographs while listening to a compact disc of the interviews.
Patrons can look for materials by exact title, author, or subject.
Patrons can make an appointment with the fitness coordinator at either location.
Patrons can make photocopies of the materials.
Patrons can mingle with an incredibly diverse crowd and play a plethora of bar games.
Patrons can mingle with Civil War soldiers or participate in a mountain man rendezvous.
Patrons can monitor their library accounts and renew materials through the online catalog.
Patrons can move from one web page to another only by clicking.
Patrons can now borrow unclassified microfiche reports from the Report Collection.
Patrons can now check book status, hold and renew books, and initiate interlibrary loans.
Patrons can now choose from reviewed or unreviewed sources to make their searches.
Patrons can now choose to be notified by e-mail as soon as changes are made to the page.
Patrons can now make two-sided copies and can copy two pages at once from a journal.
Patrons can now renew their library materials by phone at any time.
Patrons can now renew their own items, place holds on items, and view their own library records.
Patrons can now see into the chambers to view the drums, cymbals, sleigh bells, etc.
Patrons can now shop as well as pay for and pick up layaway merchandise at both stores.
Patrons can often use the library's facilities to access and print e-journal articles.
Patrons can order and pickup materials there.
Patrons can order any item from other branches through our request system.
Patrons can order gifts over the phone to be gift wrapped and delivered by boat.
Patrons can order special geranium varieties in advance.
Patrons can park anywhere on a campsite - there are no constricting parking bays.
Patrons can pay their fines and other charges using credit cards through their web browsers.
Patrons can people watch inside or catch their breath relaxing at the outside tables.
Patrons can perform searches by author, title, subject, and keyword for library items.
Patrons can photocopy the information or check the pamphlets out.
Patrons can place a hold on materials at either library and choose a delivery location.
Patrons can place holds, renew and check their account electronically through the catalog .
Patrons can place requests even if items are currently available.
Patrons can place their bid for their favorite pieces on individual silent auction bid lists.
Patrons can preview tapes, browse through books, or request free copies of articles on file.
Patrons can print during desk hours and pay for all their printouts at the desk.
Patrons can produce a bibliography on a particular area free of charge.
Patrons can purchase a loaf of it or enjoy it on a sandwich.
Patrons can purchase beer and wine and munchies and play pool.
Patrons can purchase copy cards at the circulation desk.
Patrons can quickly locate information if the librarian creates a web guide to funding resources.
Patrons can quickly walk to the terminal.
Patrons can receive information about the upcoming changes by signing up on our mailing list.
Patrons can record audiocassettes from vinyl records or other cassettes.
Patrons can register at the library.
Patrons can register for a library card at no cost.
Patrons can renew books by phone, by providing the barcode number for each item to be renewed.
Patrons can renew books by telephone.
Patrons can renew items via the online catalog, in person, or by phone.
Patrons can renew materials by telephone.
Patrons can renew materials online via WebLUIS .
Patrons can renew materials up to two times.
Patrons can request a window seat when making reservations.
Patrons can request articles and books online.
Patrons can request items by e-mailing records to the local library reference desk.
Patrons can request items from the central catalog electronically.
Patrons can request that materials be held for continued use.
Patrons can reserve anywhere from one to six seats in a box.
Patrons can reserve material at their local branch and check their library records on-line.
Patrons can reserve shelters by walk-in or by phone.
Patrons can return books from any library branch and can have any book sent from another branch.
Patrons can return materials to either library.
Patrons can sample sushi and a variety of appetizers by candlelight.
Patrons can search and order full text standards.
Patrons can search by author, title, subject, or keyword from the school, or an offsite location.
Patrons can search collections by web browser.
Patrons can search for a book by title, author, or subject.
Patrons can search for books, magazines, or audio-visuals through the online catalog.
Patrons can search for items by author, title or subject.
Patrons can search for journals by title or subject, and limit the search to electronic journals.
Patrons can search for the latest bestsellers or forthcoming titles at the main library or branch.
Patrons can search the holdings of two libraries at once.
Patrons can search via author, title, or keywords.
Patrons can seat themselves and the service is fast and friendly.
Patrons can select from an extensive wine list that features French and California labels.
Patrons can select materials by title, author, and interest area.
Patrons can select their entrees when they are seated.
Patrons can send and receive faxes and use a photocopier for a small fee.
Patrons can send or receive fax materials for a fee.
Patrons can set a maximum cost they are willing to pay.
Patrons can shop, eat and attend a movie all in the same place.
Patrons can sign up for a library card to borrow books and videotapes for a few weeks at a time.
Patrons can sign up for the current month or the following month.
Patrons can sign up one day in advance.
Patrons can simply flip the sign back up over the top of the monitor to get started.
Patrons can sip and read in a comfortable and unrushed atmosphere.
Patrons can sip wine and watch a beautiful fall sunset over nearby Lake Erie.
Patrons can sit anywhere in the theatre and use the headsets, which have adjustable volume controls.
Patrons can sit at the bar or cozy up in comfortable chairs.
Patrons can sit inside near the bar or drink some real ales out on the ivy-covered patio.
Patrons can specify all or part of the items they've retrieved online in Eureka.
Patrons can stand and watch thebakery chefs hard at work on their order.
Patrons can still expect to be greeted by a doorman as they enter.
Patrons can stop in for something to eat before seeing a movie.
Patrons can surf the Web while enjoying a cup of coffee.
Patrons can take home a balloon.
Patrons can then click and read the titles as needed.
Patrons can then copy their materials at the copiers.
Patrons can then purchase tickets to take aim at the machine with a sledgehammer.
Patrons can then put money on their copy card and can make copies without requiring change.
Patrons can track items from computers in or outside the library.
Patrons can use both debit and credit accounts as required.
Patrons can use coins, dollar bills, or five-dollar bills when making copies.
Patrons can use existing interlibrary loan services to retrieve the items displayed.
Patrons can use full text databases and print articles from hundreds of newspapers and magazines.
Patrons can use it to check out materials and pay for any library service instead of using cash.
Patrons can use online newspaper and magazine collections.
Patrons can use our microfilm machines to copy articles from the newspapers.
Patrons can use photocopy facilities in the Library for self-service copying.
Patrons can use support of charitable institutions as vehicles to strengthen class ties.
Patrons can use the courts for free before or after league play.
Patrons can use the undercover BBQ area for their own picnic meals at no additional cost.
Patrons can use the Web, print graphics or text, and create documents.
Patrons can use their own equipments.
Patrons can view the pulsing dance crowd through archways from above.
Patrons can walk away feeling they've contributed to nurturing something good.
Patrons can walk to the back and see a tunnel into the side of the mountain.
Patrons can walk up to the counter height tables, do their search and be on their way in minutes.
Patrons can walk up to the fifth floor by using the stainless steel stairway.
Patrons can wine, dine and dance the night away while enjoying a view of the city from the harbour.
Patrons click on a link to access the interface without entering the authorization and password.
Patrons come from all over the country to perform genealogical research here.
Patrons come here to enjoy nature.
Patrons come in looking for CDs from bands they hear on the Net.
Patrons come in to buy stamps or money orders.
Patrons comment on a number of advantages to getting online search results through the new program.
Patrons compile their own bibliographies.
Patrons continue to be responsible for accrued overdue fines.
Patrons continue to be supportive of our drive to increase the video collection.
Patrons contribute additional financial support.
Patrons cool out in the lounge area.
Patrons copy the material and pay the cashier for each copy made.
Patrons crane their necks.
Patrons currently have fewer access points than librarians and staff.
Patrons decide how much to contribute for each item.
Patrons deserve efficient service and prompt attention.
Patrons directly benefit from their investment.
Patrons do their own photocopying.
Patrons drape themselves stylishly over the railing or drink at a second bar upstairs.
Patrons eat their snacks either standing around or on their way home.
Patrons eat while sitting inside the large kilns that once fired the internationally known pottery.
Patrons energetically smash everything in sight in search of said snake.
Patrons enjoy a relaxed dining environment with hillside patio dining and outdoor fireplace.
Patrons enjoy exclusive preview rehearsals and other special events.
Patrons enjoy food and beverage among stage lights, curtain ropes and catwalks.
Patrons enjoy it everyday.
Patrons enjoy live acoustic music every weekend.
Patrons enjoy salmon in grapefruit-ginger sauce, duck with stone fruit chutney.
Patrons enjoy substantial savings on their purchases.
Patrons enjoy superb food and beverage served by experienced, attentive wait staff.
Patrons enjoy the best seats in the airport for watching planes come and go.
Patrons enjoy the casual sidewalk-cafe atmosphere.
Patrons enjoy the pub fare served here, particularly the curried French fries.
Patrons enjoy the works of Oregon authors, which are narrated by volunteers.
Patrons enjoy twilight racing, followed by live music, free to all racegoers.
Patrons enter the restaurant via a catwalk-style bridge and stairway that spirals around the tower.
Patrons enter their library card number and, on first use, create their own password.
Patrons enter through a cleft cut into a rock-like facade of the park.
Patrons even have the option of purchasing a growler of their favorite.
Patrons exclaim with delight when they get inside the doorway.
Patrons exercise at their own risk.
Patrons expect good food and attentive service.
Patrons fill the shows to experience even a glimpse of what once was, even if only by imitators.
Patrons find an environment conducive to preserving materials and archival resources.
Patrons find many mediums in which to satisfy their information needs.
Patrons find the reel numbers by using various microfilm guides.
Patrons flop down on the steps.
Patrons fortunate enough to be seated there are treated to the most romantic view imaginable.
Patrons get a daily entry form by checking out books, videos, etc.
Patrons get a parka as they enter.
Patrons get to choose what they want to hear from a variety of music on a CD jukebox.
Patrons get to drop their dimes or copycards into machines and get copies.
Patrons get to pass around red tableside phones to call in their orders.
Patrons get to put homemade ingredients onto their own burgers.
Patrons go there to eat well, but less expensively than in the city-centre gourmet restaurants.
Patrons hack off a plate-sized chunk and ask the staff to roast it.
Patrons have a choice of cafe seating and light choices or restaurant seating with a full menu.
Patrons have a duty to properly use all ride or device safety equipment provided.
Patrons have a large selection of materials in a variety of media from which to choose.
Patrons have a view of the restaurant's kitchen.
Patrons have access to electronic databases.
Patrons have access to one main greenroom and two personal sized dressing rooms.
Patrons have access to remote databases such as other library catalogues and periodical indexes.
Patrons have access to the collections and the expertise of professional specialists. .
Patrons have access to the Internet and to several online academic databases.
Patrons have access to the Internet, a word processing computer, a photocopier, and a computer lab.
Patrons have access to word processing, research, and educational software.
Patrons have convenient access to appropriate services to complete their research.
Patrons have eight video stations available for their use on the second floor of the library.
Patrons have facilities adapted to meet their needs.
Patrons have no right to a particular computer.
Patrons have no right to privacy with regard to Internet use.
Patrons have one week to return a recalled item.
Patrons have physical access to information resources and services.
Patrons have plenty of time to finish their meals, no matter what time it is.
Patrons have seven days to pick up materials after notification by telephone.
Patrons have the chance to see lots of wildlife, too.
Patrons have the choice of ordering black and white or color photographic copies.
Patrons have the choice of ordering by glass, bottle or flight.
Patrons have the opportunity to receive and send fax messages.
Patrons have the option of performing the search on their own, at the same price, if they prefer.
Patrons have the option of requesting only material that can be obtained free.
Patrons have the option of setting up an open or cash bar.
Patrons have the option of sitting in the cozy dining area or ordering take-out meals.
Patrons have the option of using a filtered or non-filtered computer.
Patrons have the option of venturing out on foot or driving.
Patrons have the right of confidentiality and the right of privacy.
Patrons have the right to complete confidentiality of their borrowing record.
Patrons have the same visibility through the entire cinema.
Patrons have their choice of Western-style dining, or the entertaining setting of the sushi bar.
Patrons have three options when signing up for a time slot for computer usage.
Patrons have to be attracted.
Patrons have two opportunities to win.
Patrons have two weeks to return recalled materials.
Patrons help themselves by entering some of the data o nline.
Patrons here know as much, or more, about the industry as anyone.
Patrons here seem a bit less adorned than most of the food served.
Patrons indicate the artist of their choice.
Patrons initiate the checkout process by placing a library card under the system s scanner.
Patrons insert their library card, scan the book, get a receipt and off they go.
Patrons jostle for a look while clutching audio-guides to their ears.
Patrons just seem happy to be there.
Patrons leave the museum after a visit.
Patrons line up at downtown Augusta's Soul Bar for an identification check.
Patrons linger into the afternoon on the park bench outside the shop.
Patrons log on to library Web sites through phone lines and networked offices.
Patrons make their own arrangements for rental, delivery and return.
Patrons meet informally and discuss a book on tape that they have listened to prior to the program.
Patrons move freely between the two.
Patrons needing directions can address the parking attendants.
Patrons needing materials from the closed areas can have the items retrieved by library staff.
Patrons now access collection via a computer terminal and the online public access catalog.
Patrons now buy breads for home consumption as well.
Patrons now have access to their e-mail and some software available on the campus network.
Patrons order at the bar and the bartender brings food to their table.
Patrons order at the counter from an overhead menu and supervise the assembly of each order.
Patrons order at the counter where food is kept warm, and food is delivered to the table.
Patrons overall seem to like the module.
Patrons party down.
Patrons pay any additional cost.
Patrons pay hundreds of dollars per ounce and gasp when they hear of the low tofu prices in America.
Patrons pay our salary.
Patrons pay prior to printing and establish a print account.
Patrons pay ten cents apiece for admission to the beach.
Patrons pay the same admission fee as all other customers.
Patrons pick up the card at the box office of participating companies.
Patrons play a game of poker at one of the many tables at the Last Frontier in La Center.
Patrons play at dice, cards, tric-trac, chess, and other games.
Patrons play in real time against other players network-wide.
Patrons ponder the choices for a long time before deciding what to order.
Patrons possessing a valid library card have preference over non-library cardholders.
Patrons prefer consistent, predictable hours of service.
Patrons prefer to have 'tried and true' options.
Patrons provide own radio and ear piece.
Patrons provide their bank account numbers and also submit to a credit check.
Patrons provide their own blank tapes.
Patrons provide their own disks for downloading files and saving documents.
Patrons provide their own hair care products.
Patrons provide their own video tapes.
Patrons pull their own slides from the slide files.
Patrons purchase food and non-alcoholic beverages with cash.
Patrons range from all types.
Patrons range from college students to ageing hipsters.
Patrons range from families and kids to wannabe bikers in designer cycle gear.
Patrons range in age and hail from all over the area.
Patrons read personal writings, short stories and a variety of poetry.
Patrons receive a card designating the computer they have been assigned.
Patrons receive a number upon entry that is time-stamped when their business is completed.
Patrons receive a tax deduction on federal income taxes.
Patrons receive additional benefits.
Patrons receive five free copies of reference or local history book material per day.
Patrons receive invitations to exclusive events and a subscription to the Bay Insider bulletin.
Patrons receive preferred seating during events.
Patrons receive several notices about overdue material before police action is taken.
Patrons receive ten tickets and a CD or tape of last concert.
Patrons receive their materials more quickly when they fill out forms completely and clearly.
Patrons receive three overdue notices.
Patrons receive two complimentary tickets to any one concert in the series.
Patrons receive valet parking, free drink ticket, gift package, and program listing.
Patrons regularly contribute materials from their own historical research.
Patrons request up to three items from the reserve at any one time.
Patrons requesting a photographic reproduction agree to rent the materials for a one-time use only.
Patrons requiring captioning can attend any viewing in an equipped theatre.
Patrons reside in metropolitan Milwaukee, and reflect the community as a whole.
Patrons reward advertisers who support the performing arts.
Patrons saddle up to the ample bar.
Patrons say evening hours are better than mornings.
Patrons say they prefer downtown to suburban clubs.
Patrons see money being spent differently for academics and athletics.
Patrons seem a bit more relaxed and conversational.
Patrons select from food and drink items on display in a continuous cafeteria line.
Patrons select how many books and how frequently they want materials.
Patrons select the slides they wish to use themselves.
Patrons shy away from high crime areas.
Patrons sign in to use the computers, and there is a one hour time limit when others are waiting.
Patrons sign in with the library staff at the public service desks to start their computer time.
Patrons sign up for an initial hour's use of the computer.
Patrons sign up for the free card and answer a few lifestyle questions.
Patrons sign up for use of microform equipment for one hour or what remains of an hour.
Patrons sign up initially for one hour of use.
Patrons sign up, read or listen to books, and fill out a review form.
Patrons sit at low tables, candles flickering, paying rapt attention to the stage.
Patrons sit in plush leathersofas and enjoy the company of hostesses.
Patrons sit in steep stadium seating to allow everyone to view each details.
Patrons sit in the theater's concentrically arranged seats.
Patrons sit on leather upholstered chairs amongst copper and steel brewing tanks.
Patrons sit on low stools playing backgammon or talking animatedly.
Patrons sit up straight and drink sherry for sport.
Patrons speak highly of the chefs' flexibility in meeting special dietary requests.
Patrons spend house and visit every booth.
Patrons standing by the bar can seem to hover over nearby tables.
Patrons start the evening with a viewing of artwork and two short performance pieces.
Patrons still make mistakes about pickup locations.
Patrons stop by, shake hands, and say bonsoir .
Patrons sweat and grumble as the train makes agonizingly slow progress down the Peninsula.
Patrons take part in all phases of maintenance on their vehicles.
Patrons take turns singing, like in singing rooms.
Patrons tend to be stigmatized by prejudicial labels associated with filtering software.
Patrons tend to dress a little sharper in accordance with the sophisticated feel of the restaurant.
Patrons tend to have blue blood and deep pockets.
Patrons then connect to the link and they are verified.
Patrons then pick up the item at the public library of their choice.
Patrons travel from near and far to enjoy the variety and tasty selections on offer each day.
Patrons trying to plan a weekend meal can even check the specials in advance on the Web site.
Patrons typically pay the mailing cost of borrowing a work in interlibrary loan.
Patrons update a Sign-Out List when they leave the facility to log themselves out.
Patrons use communal toilets, showers and kitchens.
Patrons use e-books much the same way that they use traditional materials.
Patrons use equipment on a first come, first served basis.
Patrons use Internet resources at their risk.
Patrons use one of the dedicated searching stations in our library.
Patrons use the Internet at their own discretion and are responsible for the access points reached.
Patrons use the Internet at their own discretion.
Patrons use the Internet at their own risk.
Patrons use the Internet resources at their own discretion.
Patrons use the seating area in the building or the outdoor patio in front of the school.
Patrons use the Web at their own risk.
Patrons using library material have priority in the use of all equipment.
Patrons using the computers are financially responsible for any damage to the workstations.
Patrons using the libraries of other institutions are subject to the policies of that institution.
Patrons using the resources are always pleased.
Patrons using the service receive the research report within three weeks.
Patrons wait in the lobby, passing the time by gazing at the star gallery on the walls.
Patrons walk their dogs here since every pet is warmly greeted by everyone.
Patrons wear everything from furs to frumpy work clothes.
Patrons wear everything from shorts and jeans to dresses and jackets and ties.
Patrons wishing to subscribe to all eight shows receive additional discounts.
Patrons frequently make secret wishes and cast coins into the fountain there.
Patrons often come early to picnic on the grounds and enjoy the Green Show.
Patrons often wind up dancing to the music.
Patrons sometimes donate the artwork they have purchased, doubly benefiting the museum.
Patrons sometimes leave periodicals there.
Patrons sometimes try to enable e-mail through Netscape.
Patrons usually request books and journal articles through interlibrary loan.
All patrons are eligible to request a hold on materials currently checked out.
All patrons are financially responsible for lost or damaged materials.
All patrons are free to use any of the library materials within the library.
All patrons are personally responsible for material checked out in their name.
All patrons are responsible for informing the library of address changes.
All patrons are responsible for knowing the due date and returning materials in good condition.
All patrons are responsible for paying recall fines.
All patrons are responsible for payment for lost or damaged books.
All patrons are responsible for replacement costs for lost or damaged library materials.
All patrons are responsible for replacement fees for lost or nonreturned items.
All patrons are responsible for replacement fees for lost or non-returned items.
All patrons are responsible for replacing lost or damaged materials.
All patrons are responsible for returning materials on time.
All patrons are responsible for the prompt return of library materials.
All patrons are subject to fines for materials returned after the date due.
All patrons are subject to fines for overdue library materials.
All patrons are subject to replacement and processing fees.
All patrons are subject to search.
All patrons are subject to the fines and fees imposed by lending libraries.
All patrons are subject to the library's Code of Conduct.
All patrons are welcome in our facilities at all times.
All patrons are welcome to attend.
All patrons are welcome to use the collections on site.
All patrons can take up to five titles for three days at a time.
All patrons can use PALS to see what they have checked out.
All patrons check out books and other returnables at Library's Circulation Desk.
All patrons have a five day grace period in which to return materials.
All patrons have to do is drop off the items at any branch during the week.
All patrons have to do is search ebsco .
All patrons pay fines for library materials.
All patrons receive recognition in our concert programs.
Any patron can put a Hold on a circulating book that is currently charged out to any other patron.
Any patron can request that the library purchase a book or subscribe to a magazine.
Any patron is permitted to use the fax machine.
Any patron is permitted to use the photocopiers.
Any patrons find the accommodations so comfortable, they lie back and catch a wink or two.
Every patron has an equal right to the services of the library for any information request.
Every patron is given a date due slip for each item they checkout.
Every patron needs a library card.
Every patron receives personal attention from our courteous and knowledgeable staff.
Every patron subscribing a guinea receives a booklet containing six vouchers.
Many patrons appear like they've come straight from the office.
Many patrons are mystery readers so there are over five hundred books in that category.
Many patrons begin here and then follow the map to the other three locations.
Many patrons believe that a library only contains books.
Many patrons bring their own pair to use at performances.
Many patrons bring their own sticks.
Many patrons check out books themselves with self-checkout stations.
Many patrons cross busy streets to reach surface bus stops.
Many patrons go to Hog Heads to watch sporting events or to check out local acts.
Many patrons have trouble reading books with smaller print.
Many patrons like to read fiction that is set in a particular place.
Many patrons prefer to visit the archives and view the actual images before ordering copies.
Many patrons pull up in the yellow area to unload books.
Many patrons require special assistance when visiting our building or using our collections.
Many patrons speak of their pride in their library.
Many patrons swear it embarrasses steaks at Washington's more expensive houses.
Many patrons tip graciously for the service.
Many patrons use the library as a place for quiet study.
Many patrons use the system quite easily.
Most patrons usually wait outside because of the cramped quarters.
Most patrons usually wear casual attire.
Most patrons come to see animal acts.
Most patrons drink beer with their yakitori, although soft drinks are also available.
Most patrons earn that by joining slot clubs.
Most patrons explore off-trail more than they are on the trail.
Most patrons leave guilt at the door.
Most patrons receive their requested items approximately one week after submitting a request.
Most patrons seem comfortable with the current configuration.
Most patrons simply go to the window and order.
Most patrons wear a casual business style.
Most patrons wear casual business style.
Some patrons are confused about the location of reserve items.
Some patrons are effusive, some say nothing.
Some patrons are reluctant to approach reference desk.
Some patrons are willing to express their concerns, and that is the extent of their complaint.
Some patrons have upwards of hundreds of titles checked out.
Some patrons just come to check out the cuisine.
Some patrons remain wary of the change.
Some patrons stay longer than two hours, so they are counted as admissions more than once.
Some patrons use a criteria of ambiance first and coffee second when evaluating coffee houses.
Some patrons use.
Some patrons welcome the additions, saying the current ones are always packed.
Some patrons work absently on crossword puzzles and others seem lost in contemplation.
Patronage refunds benefit borrowers by reducing their cost of borrowing.
Patronage refunds can come only from business done with or for patrons.
Patronage affects the popularity, as well as the cost.
Patronage can exist among politicians.
Patronage gives great influence.
Patronage hiring decisions and purchases from political supporters reflect politics.
Patronage is a habit left over from less enlightened days.
Patronage is a liturgical act.
Patronage is a system where a political leader hires and fires whoever they want.
Patronage is approval
Patronage is both a relationship and a service.
Patronage is embedded in our history.
Patronage is linked to artistic taste.
Patronage is one of the forgotten virtues of Victorian society.
Patronage is rampant.
Patronage is seen as increasingly valuable and necessary to more and more junior officers.
Patronage is social control.
Patronage is the way that the truth of the church is transmitted to culture.
Patronage still matters, but the patronage that matters today is the campaign contribution.
Patronage still seems tied to a modernist perspective.
Patronage usually begins with some sort of passion.
Patroness membership is determined by the college chapter.
Patronymic bynames seem to have played several roles.
All patronymic names have a commemorative influence.
A patronymic is a name
Patronymics are an old and common type of byname in most period European cultures.
Patronymics are common in almost all European cultures.
Patronymics are names.
Patronymics is the custom of assigning last names based on the first name of the person's father .
Patronymics is the oldest type of Western surnames and is found in almost all European countries.
PATS testing is required.
PATS visits bring a little happiness into their otherwise lonely and depressing existence.
A patsy is a victim
PATSy offers different levels of access to the user.
Patter isa communication.
Pattern analysis can then locate favorable countertrend entry points with limited risk.
Pattern analysis cautions the trader to stand apart from the crowd at all times.
Pattern analysis is a structured approach to the organization and presentation of air quality data.
Pattern baldness is genetically determined and occurs in young men.
Pattern baldness is largely hereditary, and while it has several treatments, there is no cure.
Pattern bargaining is neither illegal or against the interests of workers.
Pattern blocks are a versatile resource for teaching many concepts.
Pattern blocks are the most helpful and common manipulative used to model fractions.
Pattern detection has many other applications in finance and other business processes.
Pattern formation arises in different contexts in a variety of systems.
Pattern formation concerns the processes by which cells acquire positional information.
Pattern formation continues throughout the life of a plant in the apical meristems.
Pattern formation is concerned with the formation of regular or irregular spatial structures.
Pattern formation is dependent on the genetic competence of the cells in the field.
Pattern formation is essential to the development of all organisms.
Pattern formation is modeled in terms of nonlinear partial differential equations.
Pattern formation organizes cell types into their proper locations based on positional information.
Pattern languages are a useful medium for documenting software architectures.
Pattern languages describe software frameworks or families of related systems.
Pattern languages help programmers design programs.
Pattern makers can create patterns more quickly and accurately on a computer.
Pattern makers create and cut the patterns from the designer's blueprints or drawings.
Pattern makers figure out how to turn a garment design into a pattern.
Pattern match is a good generic split function, particularly if the data are very irregular.
Pattern matches are nearly instantaneous because they are accomplished in a fixed field domain.
Pattern of evolution is unquestionable.
Pattern recognition creates meta-knowledge through linkages among weak views in multiple domains.
Pattern recognition gives meaning to the information obtained in sensory store.
Pattern recognition has many limits as an approach to patient problems, however.
Pattern recognition involves activation of associated ideas.
Pattern recognition involves feature extraction, context processing and pattern classification.
Pattern recognition is a foundation for innovation.
Pattern recognition is a large part of intuition.
Pattern recognition is a vital skill in critical thinking, particularly in problem solving.
Pattern recognition is auto-trained.
Pattern recognition is based upon models of intruder behavior.
Pattern recognition is developed in researchers through intuitive and metaphorical thinking.
Pattern recognition is part of the diagnostic criteria in a disease of dysmorphogenesis.
Pattern recognition is rapid.
Pattern recognition is something human beings excel at.
Pattern recognition is something most people excel at.
Pattern recognition is the ecologist s best tool.
Pattern recognition is the key to learning tactics.
Pattern recognition is very useful in many applications.
Pattern recognition is very user-friendly and versatile.
Pattern recognition leads to the understanding of concepts of number, operations, shape, and space.
Pattern repeat is one full pattern.
Pattern theory is the foundation for the work to be conducted at the center.
A pattern is a structure
Pattern above is reproduced at actual size.
Pattern apples that have a stem and no stem.
Pattern are correct.
Pattern can be either man-made or natural.
Pattern comes with easy to follow instructions and color photo.
Pattern comes with it's own smocking design.
Pattern comes with two color schemes light and dark.
Pattern compels metonymy, synecdoche, or offers consistency a twist.
Pattern contains caraco jacket only.
Pattern contains multiple sizes and instructions for quilting and braiding.
Pattern contains multiple sizes.
Pattern contains quilting variations.
Pattern contains strong, narrow basal reflections and weak to moderate, broad non-basal reflections.
Pattern contains tips for adapting the pattern to fit adults and premies.
Pattern contains two collar variations, high neck or round collar, plus three different jabots.
Pattern contains two styles, a cable design and a reverse stockinette arrows.
Pattern contributes to geometry as well as to function and to algebra.
Pattern couching and surface stitchery on canvas add contrast in texture.
Pattern darkens with age, becoming completely black.
Pattern dithering is most useful in filling a larger area with a desired color.
Pattern drawn in color can be clear and fresh as though it had just grown there.
Pattern evolves as the organism grows.
Pattern features as components in a random vector representation.
Pattern goes away in the surface water.
Pattern includes complete directions and list of required materials.
Pattern includes complete instructions.
Pattern includes stitch variations for yarn in either variegated or solid colors.
Pattern involves thought.
Pattern is available at knitting patterns .
Pattern is available in the kit.
Pattern is complex and uneven, so that no single cause can given.
Pattern is dead stock.
Pattern is El Patio.
Pattern is for caraco jacket only.
Pattern is for personal use only please.
Pattern is groups of parallel lines .
Pattern is in a design of a very wide line and a very narrow lines.
Pattern is in all corners.
Pattern is less well-defined and sought either positively or negatively.
Pattern is on an off white background with Pink Hobnails and light green hobnails.
Pattern is still factory-folded and instruction sheet is included.
Pattern is suitable for sweatshirt or woven fabrics.
Pattern is usually two dimensional.
Pattern is when colors and shapes repeat themselves over and over.
Pattern isa cognition.
Pattern isa knowledge.
Pattern making areas are quiet, but cutting and sewing areas can be noisy.
Pattern matching Before cutting more strips remember to allow for the proper pattern match.
Pattern matching command options make configuration management an easy task.
Pattern matching either succeeds or fails.
Pattern objects now have no attributes that change after the object is created.
Pattern refers to surface decoration and implies some repeat to form the pattern.
Pattern remains through life of soap.
Pattern repeats throughout scarf.
Pattern resulting indicates the metabolic diversity of the community.
Pattern reveals relationships.
Pattern searches gather knowledge dynamically.
Pattern stitches to be taught include broken check, seed stitch, ribbing, ear of corn, and more.
Pattern uses bedspread weight crochet cotton and readily available trimmings.
Pattern varies slightly between size groups.
Patterns abound in nature and in human-created artifacts.
Patterns add visual interest and can help the overall composition of the art.
Patterns add white to the base color.
Patterns affect areas.
Patterns affect development.
Patterns affect embryo development.
Patterns affect survival.
Patterns affect weather.
Patterns allow micro analysis of registration errors through macro viewing of color printer output.
Patterns also contain subconscious messages known as binder commands.
Patterns also give developers a more powerful vocabulary to discuss designs.
Patterns also provide a standard vocabulary and base set of concepts for application architecture.
Patterns also require backing up fast and straight.
Patterns also serve as a mechanism for categorization and organization of information.
Patterns appear at the end of thrusting price movements.
Patterns appear defined by the western cloud layer.
Patterns appear in the repository with permission.
Patterns appear, multiply, and change.
Patterns apply to the line after the timestamp is inserted.
Patterns are a body of literature about reusable solutions to recurring difficult software problems.
Patterns are a large part of the foundation of music.
Patterns are a literary form for capturing design knowledge.
Patterns are a little erratic.
Patterns are a major part of mathematics study in the elementary grades.
Patterns are a means of documenting software architechtures.
Patterns are a part of a higher organizing process that repeats.
Patterns are a part of right-brain, holistic thinking.
Patterns are a recent invention, while for centuries people have made clothes right on the body.
Patterns are a rich cream color matte background with all over pattern in satiny threads.
Patterns are a type of string call a regular expression.
Patterns are a vocabulary for design.
Patterns are a way for students to recognize order and are important in all aspects of mathematics.
Patterns are a way of documenting design knowledge.
Patterns are able to serve as components or artifacts for building more complex architectures.
Patterns are about design.
Patterns are about the re-use of ideas in software development.
Patterns are accurate and well documented.
Patterns are adaptable to different yarn weights and size ranges.
Patterns are adjustable for men and women of all sizes.
Patterns are adjustable up to a size D bra cup.
Patterns are akin to wallpaper.
Patterns are all about quality.
Patterns are all full-sized and ready for the copier.
Patterns are allowable.
Patterns are also available for most items.
Patterns are also first rate.
Patterns are among the most fundamental elements of the cosmos.
Patterns are an effective way to transmit experience about recurrent problems.
Patterns are an emerging way to handle software design.
Patterns are an important key to understanding life science.
Patterns are an important part of understanding mathematical concepts.
Patterns are any sets of numerical data which can be used to describe or represent an object.
Patterns are applied in mathematics all the time.
Patterns are as gossamer as paper, utterly tenuous in their shadowy evocation of what's real.
Patterns are attack and defense movements set to a particular sequence.
Patterns are available at almost every fabric store, and through mail-order catalogs.
Patterns are available at craft stores.
Patterns are available at quilt shops throughout the U.S. and abroad.
Patterns are available for the angel dolls and pillows only.
Patterns are available in a wide range of sizes from very small to extra, extra large.
Patterns are available in local drapery fabric stores as well as through the mail.
Patterns are available in Spanish by special request.
Patterns are available to fit all vehicle seating configurations.
Patterns are available.
Patterns are basic movements using the martial arts techniques against an imaginary opponent.
Patterns are beautiful and revelatory of larger truths.
Patterns are by definition repeated.
Patterns are case-insensitive by default.
Patterns are caused by insect outbreaks.
Patterns are caused by outbreaks.
Patterns are clearly evident in the table.
Patterns are combinations of activations of input or output units.
Patterns are complete.
Patterns are copiable and easy to follow.
Patterns are currently hard for computers to sort out due to the complexity involved.
Patterns are data values that can be combined in various ways to form other patterns.
Patterns are different between glaciated terrain and terrain controlled by bedrock structure.
Patterns are down-loadable PDF files with pictures of what the finished product looks like.
Patterns are easier to promulgate.
Patterns are easy to remember and set out as if-then propositions.
Patterns are easy to stitch and make great gifts.
Patterns are easy.
Patterns are especially elusive when the victims are prostitutes, drug addicts or homeless.
Patterns are Everywhere .
Patterns are everywhere.
Patterns are evident in nature.
Patterns are exemplar.
Patterns are for personal use only.
Patterns are for pre-kindergarten, kindergarten, and first time users.
Patterns are for some patterns, some lacy patterns, some patterns that include beads.
Patterns are forms most people understand and remember.
Patterns are free.
Patterns are fun to create and are important for students to detect.
Patterns are functions and the functions can be approximated by neural networks.
Patterns are geometric and indicate the color and the type associated with each vertex.
Patterns are harder to change after they have become habits.
Patterns are harder to find.
Patterns are historically accurate.
Patterns are in color and animate.
Patterns are just a small part of a complete approach to software.
Patterns are just another weapon in the developer's arsenal.
Patterns are library use only.
Patterns are located in rugs.
Patterns are more disturbing when there are rigid geometric lines than when circles are in it.
Patterns are more noticeable.
Patterns are much less important on the grass.
Patterns are now visible with eyes open.
Patterns are observable even in infancy.
Patterns are often much easier to detect in graphical representations rather than textual data.
Patterns are on grids for accuracy, with instructions and all hardware listed.
Patterns are one approach to improving the documentation.
Patterns are one of the good ways of capturing and transferring important design knowledge.
Patterns are only acceptable if they are extremely subtle.
Patterns are only the first step toward prediction.
Patterns are part of logic.
Patterns are photocopiable.
Patterns are popular, especially diamonds set artfully to look like checkerboards or basket weaves.
Patterns are powerful.
Patterns are procedural modifiers, that use functions and variables as input.
Patterns are quite common and form the basis for many assumptions, inferences, and predictions.
Patterns are recurrent, regular attributes of world phenomena or abstract examples.
Patterns are regular repeating designs or sequences of shapes or numbers.
Patterns are repeated shapes or colors.
Patterns are reusable solutions to recurring software problems.
Patterns are selections from various samplers in European museums.
Patterns are similar to the examples shown.
Patterns are simple.
Patterns are simply another tool at our disposal.
Patterns are special things that happen in the game .
Patterns are special things that happen in the game.
Patterns are standardized method to describe common design problems and successful solutions.
Patterns are strings that match the names of elements in the XML document.
Patterns are tattooed on chest and stomach for ornament .
Patterns are tattooed on chest and stomach for ornament.
Patterns are that of a crocodile lying on the banks of the river.
Patterns are the equivalent of a score for the conductor.
Patterns are the essence of trading.
Patterns are the key.
Patterns are the keys to learning.
Patterns are the perfect way to push the envelope.
Patterns are the recurring solutions to the problems of design.
Patterns are the sequencer equivalent of a repeat sign.
Patterns are tough, but when matched with solids, can work.
Patterns are trends, such as radioactive decay and the colonization of intertidal zones.
Patterns are trial or experimental pieces struck as examples of a proposed design.
Patterns are vehicles for re-using ideas.
Patterns are very clear and easy to understand.
Patterns are very colorful.
Patterns are visible with eyes open.
Patterns are what the chatbot matches.
Patterns attract mates.
Patterns attract potential mates.
Patterns base on observations.
Patterns base on personal observations.
Patterns become a new pictorial language.
Patterns become apparent at a glance and pollution data becomes readily available to the public.
Patterns become evident in graphs.
Patterns become evident.
Patterns become familiar to our loved ones.
Patterns become habits.
Patterns become habits.
Patterns become longer and more complex as difficulty increases.
Patterns become more complex as children move on to more advanced sequences.
Patterns become obvious, revealing new solutions and collective clarity.
Patterns become visible between words, and new words are easier to read.
Patterns begin simply and gradually increase in difficulty.
Patterns begin to emerge from the operational data.
Patterns begin with easy shapes and work to the more complex.
Patterns bend easily, wax sticks to mould.
Patterns bring big storms.
Patterns bring storms.
Patterns build on previous ones.
Patterns can address many different levels and kinds of knowledge.
Patterns can also capture expert knowledge of teaching techniques in a certain domain.
Patterns can also exist in other areas.
Patterns can be extremely dense to very open.
Patterns can be in pictures, in poetry, in music, in leaves, on animals, or in numbers.
Patterns can be mackerel, tabby and classic.
Patterns can be mixed if they are coordinated by color.
Patterns can be of a geometric type or of a specific item.
Patterns can be powerful to describe the overall organization of a program.
Patterns can be quite complex and it is often difficult to generate the reverse complement pattern.
Patterns can be the basis for the handbook of software engineering.
Patterns can be useful, either for monochrome maps or to add difference on colors.
Patterns can be very effective tools in our lives.
Patterns can be visual, numerical, verbal, natural, man-made or many other forms.
Patterns can be white on black or black on white.
Patterns can 'break up' the light used to illuminate people.
Patterns can cause the camera to constantly re-focus.
Patterns can change.
Patterns can contain spaces within the quotes or parentheses.
Patterns can define a linear, spiral, or parallelogram series of observation points.
Patterns can either indicate a reversal or a continuation of an existing trend.
Patterns can exist in both things and relationships.
Patterns can form the basis for such a shared architectural consensus.
Patterns can form the basis for the handbook of software engineering.
Patterns can have significance.
Patterns can include an array of pinstripes that can be very thin to wide and bold.
Patterns can include day changes, shift changes and hour changes.
Patterns can include extended characters.
Patterns can include intricate passages or undercuts and be delivered in only a few days.
Patterns can include rhyming as well as repetitions of words, refrains, or entire sentences.
Patterns can include typical repetitive combinations or more unusual configurations.
Patterns can provide a common vocabulary for communicating ideas.
Patterns can provide guidance on documentation content, structure, and presentation.
Patterns can vary depending on ammunition brand, load, and shot size.
Patterns can vary depending on vascularity.
Patterns cause fluctuations.
Patterns caused by annual changes are called 'varves'.
Patterns center around themes such as professions, pastimes, holidays and locations.
Patterns change and evolve for a wild, but relaxing experience.
Patterns change and evolve for a wild, but relaxing psychedelic experience.
Patterns change frequently.
Patterns change monthly.
Patterns change on the towers as boats pass by.
Patterns change or are eliminated altogether.
Patterns change weather.
Patterns change with each class.
Patterns Click the image for pattern graphic and sizing information.
Patterns come alive with yarn color variations.
Patterns come in all sizes.
Patterns come to life with a palette of twenty-two colors.
Patterns consist of repeated elements.
Patterns consist of sheets, papillae, or glands.
Patterns contain a larger picture.
Patterns contain easy to follow instructions.
Patterns create 'background looks' when projected on scenery, on walls, floors, or on a cyclorama.
Patterns create effects.
Patterns Create sound effects to accompany stories and poems.
Patterns create zigzag effects.
Patterns crop up everywhere in nature.
Patterns depend on arrangements.
Patterns depend on characteristics.
Patterns derive from patterns.
Patterns describe common ways of doing things.
Patterns describe fundamental principles of responsibilities to objects, expressed as patterns.
Patterns describe generic schemes for the solutions to the problems.
Patterns describe roles.
Patterns designs balances . . . . . . . . .
Patterns determine strategies.
Patterns develop because of living in the same house and responding to children's needs.
Patterns die slowly, and never willingly.
Patterns differ both in quantity and in content.
Patterns differ by type of injury.
Patterns discerned from our data are thus only valid for the female part of the population.
Patterns do a good job of recording design experience across a development group.
Patterns do nothing to remove the human from the creative process.
Patterns document exsiting, well-proven design experience.
Patterns draw attention away from the face.
Patterns ebb and flow.
Patterns effectively expand people's communication bandwidth.
Patterns emerge after a while.
Patterns emerge from a network of relationships.
Patterns emerge from systems as small as the atom and as large as the universe.
Patterns emerge from the injection molds shiny and pink.
Patterns emerge from the iterations, lovely ones.
Patterns emerge from the literature as to why teachers and researchers find using songs valuable.
Patterns emerge when information from several sources pertains to the same individual.
Patterns emerge when similar types of events appear at the same time in many different locations.
Patterns enable reuse by capturing good solutions to well-known problems.
Patterns encapsulate information about recurring design solutions and human activities.
Patterns encourage modular thinking.
Patterns even speckle and stripe some cobras.
Patterns evolve over time.
Patterns exist almost every where.
Patterns exist in all aspects of life.
Patterns exist in an ascending order of increasing abstraction.
Patterns exist in Math and when identified they can help solve problems more efficiently.
Patterns exist in our software.
Patterns experience a variety of fates as time steps proceed.
Patterns express the tried and proven within a given domain.
Patterns flow from the hotel carpets up the wallpapered halls.
Patterns focus on solutions.
Patterns form the base of mathematics.
Patterns formed by a single shot of malt Patent researchers are out to map the white space.
Patterns generally refer to certain quality factors for motivation.
Patterns give an assistance to refine existing objects and to discover new ones.
Patterns gives a description of the possible search patterns.
Patterns govern evolution.
Patterns has two options.
Patterns have adverse effects.
Patterns Have Children observe various types of patterns, both visual and sound.
Patterns have direct effects.
Patterns have distinctive features.
Patterns have effects.
Patterns have everything to do with transferring knowledge.
Patterns have features.
Patterns have impact when they change how people work for the better.
Patterns have intrinsic tendencies.
Patterns have roles.
Patterns have to be the hardest things to deal with.
Patterns have typical ways of reacting to each other.
Patterns help biologists.
Patterns help children make predictions.
Patterns help draw distinctions and make connections in the physical world.
Patterns help individuals.
Patterns help researchers.
Patterns help students develop an understanding of mathematics.
Patterns hold up remarkably well, while overall image is genuinely exciting to watch.
Patterns imply consistency, and consistency implies process.
Patterns include calorie restrictions.
Patterns include inactivity.
Patterns include restrictions.
Patterns includes directions to make long sleeve version and a cardigan.
Patterns indicate movement.
Patterns indicate presence.
Patterns indicate results.
Patterns indicate specific colors of floss through a series of symbols.
Patterns indicate types.
Patterns influence patterns.
Patterns influence surface wind patterns.
Patterns interfere with each other and condense or rarify distributions of potential differences.
Patterns is more sequentially linked than some of the others.
Patterns is the pattern-action list to apply.
Patterns Join our email list for monthly specials and promotions.
Patterns lead by a special symbol precede numbers, which precede patterns lead by a letter.
Patterns lead to consequences.
Patterns lead to serious consequences.
Patterns Let's look at some usage patterns.
Patterns likewise are to be found in body movements objects in space and words.
Patterns list on the toolbar.
Patterns listed are available both by mail and at our shop.
Patterns literally distract.
Patterns Look for patterns that are loose fitting with few detailed lines.
Patterns Look for patterns that have a soft drape.
Patterns Look here for patterns.
Patterns look instead at the results of the process - example models.
Patterns made from the normal mehendi available in the market, usually lasts for a week.
Patterns made of lines can convey abstract relationships, and show expressive postures.
Patterns make connections set up expectations and raise burning questions.
Patterns make connections, set up expectations, and raise burning questions.
Patterns make for easy intro to advanced rhythms and syncopation.
Patterns make high use of negative space .
Patterns make it difficult for the camera to focus causing a strobing effect on the remote side.
Patterns make the woman.
Patterns move in rhythms.
Patterns occur in an endless number of contexts throughout mathematics.
Patterns occur using the mirror as well.
Patterns offers a unique line of beautifully asymmetric and very easy paper-piecing floral patterns.
Patterns Offers free knitting patterns.
Patterns only are available.
Patterns pass knowledge from experts to other practitioners.
Patterns patterns every where.
Patterns pervade every part of our lives.
Patterns play distinct roles in analysis and synthesis.
Patterns point to low risk momentum entry.
Patterns print behind images and text to give subtle textures and additional colours to a project.
Patterns print to any scale.
Patterns produced can be pretty, especially with the simple rules.
Patterns promise new design reuse benefits early in the development lifecycle.
Patterns provide a common vocabulary and understanding for design principles.
Patterns provide a reassuring element in any decor because of their reliance on regular repetition.
Patterns provide insight.
Patterns provide object-oriented analysts with a methodology for solving recurring problems.
Patterns provide visual templates that are easy to acquire and effortless to retain.
Patterns provides help in skills needed for reading.
Patterns range from faint to pronounced.
Patterns range from marbled through to spotted.
Patterns range from oriental, Celtic, tribal to cartoon characters.
Patterns range from paisley to florals.
Patterns range from the traditional to the modern.
Patterns range from traditional navy and white to garish flowers and dragonflies .
Patterns recur, but in new ways.
Patterns reflect characteristics.
Patterns reflect popular favorites, holidays, and ease of implementation.
Patterns reflect variation.
Patterns remain current as long as the consumer demand is significant enough to warrant production.
Patterns repeat themselves, only the scales are different.
Patterns represent a solution to a problem in a context.
Patterns represent decisions.
Patterns require additional maintenance.
Patterns requiring special art work are subject to additonal charges.
Patterns resembling small mayfly larvae often work effectively.
Patterns reveal relationships.
Patterns seem to shift by way of color moods.
Patterns serve purposes.
Patterns serve to direct eye movement from one part to another.
Patterns shift and click to form temporary truths.
Patterns shipped with bright, saturated colors afford the customer less detail to work with.
Patterns show annual variation.
Patterns show characteristics.
Patterns show effects.
Patterns show exact form of geoband outlines.
Patterns show great variation.
Patterns show individual variation.
Patterns show that toxic tides have been on the rise in the past ten years.
Patterns show up everywhere - traffic patterns, tile floors, nature, fabrics, sports.
Patterns show variation.
Patterns show waves.
Patterns show wide variation.
Patterns shown here are available via their stockist world wide.
Patterns simply formalize the process, filling in the gaps and providing a consistent approach.
Patterns spread vertically and horizontally from the umbilicus.
Patterns suggest hypotheses, which in turn form the basis for theories.
Patterns suggest interaction.
Patterns suggest other patterns, often yielding patterns of patterns.
Patterns suggest specific interaction.
Patterns suggest that endoderm folds about a median hinge.
Patterns support conclusions.
Patterns support hypotheses.
Patterns support the construction of software with define properties.
Patterns surface again in the rhythms of the band they form, playing unfamiliar instruments.
Patterns takes advantage of the strengths of the braille code.
Patterns tie everything together.
Patterns try to identify commonly recurring themes in building software.
Patterns unlock the world of mathematics.
Patterns use color.
Patterns use floss color.
Patterns use for identification.
Patterns use geometric shapes or depict animals.
Patterns use paint to draw circles, etc.
Patterns Use singing games to reinforce concepts of pattern.
Patterns use to take courses over several semesters.
Patterns vary among adults.
Patterns vary among individuals.
Patterns vary depending on how long the printed ink is left before UV cure.
Patterns vary from item shown.
Patterns vary from places.
Patterns vary in degree of difficulty - ranging from beginner to advanced.
Patterns vary in each size.
Patterns vary slightly.
Patterns vary with species.
Patterns vary, with most including a combination of geometric and floral designs.
Patterns View the entire quilt.
Patterns weave mathematical topics together.
Patterns work best when half of the part is mounted on to one side of a board and half on the other.
Patterns work well as backgrounds or borders in layouts.
Patterns works great on type and on clip art as well as grayscale or color images.
Patterns yield a motif.
Patterns yield information.
Patterns always come with information.
Patterns always print out full size.
Patterns always read from left to right and from top to bottom.
Patterns often become visible during robustness analysis.
Patterns often concern the categories to which situations belong.
Patterns often show crystal deformation caused by violent atmospheric breakup.
Patterns sometimes can be frustrating, too.
Patterns usually call for an ample amount of fabric.
Patterns usually emerge But there usually are hints.
All patterns above are currently available.
All patterns apply equally to port and starboard sides of a vessel.
All patterns are available for download only.
All patterns are combinations of double knots and picots, the loops.
All patterns are for the standard machines unless otherwise indicated .
All patterns are for women and knitted unless otherwise stated.
All patterns are full size with the exception of one.
All patterns are full size.
All patterns are historically accurate and well documented with original publication information.
All patterns are hotter in the center than at the edges.
All patterns are in .doc format.
All patterns are in color.
All patterns are mind-affecting spells.
All patterns are original and are inspired by fabrics, mosaics and ancient art.
All patterns are original and each piece is signed.
All patterns are safe in the database and can be accessed, tuned, or deleted any time.
All patterns are same size outline drawings.
All patterns are stain, tarnish and scratch resistant.
All patterns begin with a foundation row of chains.
All patterns can appear in any coat color.
All patterns come in a poly-cotton blend to ensure a quiet setup.
All patterns come pre-printed on posterboard for multiple uses.
All patterns come with colour photo, chart and instructions.
All patterns displayed are available in Kits which include pattern, precut wool, instructions.
All patterns have infinitely sharp edges.
All patterns have pictures, international orders welcome.
All patterns remain in open stock so consumers can add to their collections at any time.
All patterns require a two-digit year.
All patterns shown in our catalog are available for wholesale.
All patterns support smart propagation for avoiding redundant work as well as concurrent updates.
All patterns tend to form rectangular shapes, filled with sparkling cells.
Any pattern done on the blue circle deserves to fail, no matter how short the skater.
Any pattern is possible.
Any pattern is vulnerable to disruption by people's free actions.
Every pattern is an obstacle to new patterns, to the extent that the first pattern is inflexible.
Every pattern is easy to follow with high quality graphs and instructions.
Every pattern is hand done, so everything is one of a kind.
Every pattern is tested before it appears in the magazine.
Many patterns also make stunning belt buckles.
Many patterns are available as kits .
Many patterns are available in kit formats which include the pattern, material and instructions.
Many patterns are effective - for whatever reason.
Many patterns are now available online.
Many patterns are reversible, offering a choice of pattern or surface finish in a single panel.
Many patterns are standard or conventional in writing.
Many patterns are very useful.
Many patterns are visible in the images.
Many patterns extend naturally from six to seven clubs.
Many patterns have a traditional interpretation often of religious significance.
Many patterns have pictures, and are for a variety of machines.
Many patterns indicate the recommended button size by drawings on the pattern tissue.
Many patterns suit boys and girls.
Many patterns tend to repeat themselves in computer files.
More patterns Hang the center of the bar from a string.
Most patterns affect areas.
Most patterns affect development.
Most patterns affect embryo development.
Most patterns affect survival.
Most patterns affect weather.
Most patterns are adaptable to different machines.
Most patterns are available with matching window treatments and table linens.
Most patterns are caused by insect outbreaks.
Most patterns are caused by outbreaks.
Most patterns are multi-sized.
Most patterns are semiformal.
Most patterns are suitable for beginning to intermediate crafters.
Most patterns are very rare, some unique, and others unknown outside of museums.
Most patterns attract mates.
Most patterns attract potential mates.
Most patterns become habits.
Most patterns bring big storms.
Most patterns bring storms.
Most patterns can have significance.
Most patterns cause fluctuations.
Most patterns change weather.
Most patterns create effects.
Most patterns create zigzag effects.
Most patterns depend on arrangements.
Most patterns depend on characteristics.
Most patterns derive from patterns.
Most patterns describe roles.
Most patterns designed for knits have a stretch gauge printed on the back of the pattern envelope.
Most patterns determine strategies.
Most patterns evolve over time.
Most patterns expand orthogonally forever.
Most patterns focus on the legs without a lot of confusing arm motions.
Most patterns govern evolution.
Most patterns have adverse effects.
Most patterns have direct effects.
Most patterns have distinctive features.
Most patterns have effects.
Most patterns have roles.
Most patterns have the finished widths of the garments printed on the pattern pieces.
Most patterns help biologists.
Most patterns help individuals.
Most patterns help researchers.
Most patterns indicate movement.
Most patterns indicate presence.
Most patterns indicate results.
Most patterns indicate types.
Most patterns influence surface wind patterns.
Most patterns lead to consequences.
Most patterns lead to serious consequences.
Most patterns provide insight.
Most patterns reflect characteristics.
Most patterns reflect variation.
Most patterns represent decisions.
Most patterns reveal the market s intentions in their own shapes and sizes.
Most patterns reveal the market's intentions in their own shapes and sizes.
Most patterns serve purposes.
Most patterns show annual variation.
Most patterns show characteristics.
Most patterns show effects.
Most patterns show great variation.
Most patterns show individual variation.
Most patterns show variation.
Most patterns show waves.
Most patterns show wide variation.
Most patterns suggest interaction.
Most patterns suggest specific interaction.
Most patterns support conclusions.
Most patterns support hypotheses.
Most patterns use a vertical grain line, but for a corset the horizontal grain is what is crucial.
Most patterns use color.
Most patterns use floss color.
Most patterns use for identification.
Most patterns vary among adults.
Most patterns vary among individuals.
Most patterns vary from places.
Most patterns yield information.
Some pattern remains.
Some patterns affect classifications.
Some patterns affect emergence.
Some patterns affect holdings.
Some patterns affect plants.
Some patterns allow for greater dimensional change than others.
Some patterns also lend themselves to diagonal installation.
Some patterns appear in hands.
Some patterns appear very localized, while others are widespread.
Some patterns apply rules.
Some patterns apply to the country as a whole, however.
Some patterns are available in copper, brass, chrome, and pre-painted white.
Some patterns are available on our web site.
Some patterns are better than others and reproduce themselves, that is the mechanism for evolution.
Some patterns are caused by pigment.
Some patterns are caused by red pigment.
Some patterns are easily predictable.
Some patterns are exhibited by animals.
Some patterns are exhibited by baboons.
Some patterns are exhibited by chimpanzees.
Some patterns are exhibited by common ringtail possums.
Some patterns are exhibited by olive baboons.
Some patterns are exhibited by possums.
Some patterns are exhibited by ringtail possums.
Some patterns are exhibited by spiders.
Some patterns are exhibited by whales.
Some patterns are fractal, exhibiting structures self-similar in scale.
Some patterns are interesting because they are unique.
Some patterns are likely to be represented by identical chain codes.
Some patterns are more reliable than others for price forecasting. .
Some patterns are much easier than others to complete.
Some patterns are now available in booklets.
Some patterns are part of backgrounds.
Some patterns are part of perceptions.
Some patterns are presented in books.
Some patterns are specific to a person and a single event.
Some patterns are specific to a single technology.
Some patterns are stable, some expand strongly, and some die off over time.
Some patterns are supported by genetics.
Some patterns associate with consumption.
Some patterns attract experience.
Some patterns become theories.
Some patterns bring rainfall.
Some patterns can also be too noisy.
Some patterns can include sound or syllable substitutions, omissions, and additions.
Some patterns cause anxiety.
Some patterns cause injuries.
Some patterns come in more than one finish.
Some patterns come in rub on patterns.
Some patterns consist of brown stripes.
Some patterns consist of patterns.
Some patterns consist of stripes.
Some patterns consist of white stripes.
Some patterns contain three sizes, as indicated below.
Some patterns contribute to disasters.
Some patterns contribute to evolution.
Some patterns depend on ages.
Some patterns depend on climates.
Some patterns depend on conditions.
Some patterns depend on initial conditions.
Some patterns describe distribution.
Some patterns do, however, emerge when viewed over the seven-year period.
Some patterns emerge, however.
Some patterns enable researchers.
Some patterns enable students.
Some patterns ensure survival.
Some patterns facilitate attachment.
Some patterns follow variation.
Some patterns generate pressure.
Some patterns generate selection pressure.
Some patterns give information.
Some patterns govern events.
Some patterns guide treatment protocols.
Some patterns have edges.
Some patterns have goals.
Some patterns have impact.
Some patterns have properties.
Some patterns have regeneration.
Some patterns have stripes.
Some patterns have the foundation sheets packaged separately, others include the foundation.
Some patterns have values.
Some patterns help fashion.
Some patterns help predation.
Some patterns illustrate effects.
Some patterns immediately jump out.
Some patterns indicate effects.
Some patterns indicate kin selections.
Some patterns indicate outbreaks.
Some patterns indicate positive selections.
Some patterns indicate production.
Some patterns indicate selections.
Some patterns involve contraction.
Some patterns involve migration.
Some patterns lead to cell death.
Some patterns lead to crises.
Some patterns lead to death.
Some patterns lead to identification.
Some patterns listed are free but others require a charge.
Some patterns look better with a bit more detail.
Some patterns make senses.
Some patterns observe in lizards.
Some patterns observe in other vertebrates.
Some patterns observe in vertebrates.
Some patterns occur in animals.
Some patterns occur in patients.
Some patterns offer benefits.
Some patterns persist for several years.
Some patterns persist for years.
Some patterns portray curses on all foreigners touching that drum.
Some patterns present difficult problems.
Some patterns promote survival.
Some patterns provide examples.
Some patterns provide indicators.
Some patterns provide information.
Some patterns provide more information.
Some patterns provide opportunity.
Some patterns provide orientations.
Some patterns provide patterns.
Some patterns provide square patterns.
Some patterns provide useful information.
Some patterns pull in while others are loose and lacy.
Some patterns quickly emerge.
Some patterns reflect availability.
Some patterns reflect behavior patterns.
Some patterns reflect outcomes.
Some patterns reflect patterns.
Some patterns reflect substrate availability.
Some patterns reflect the boundaries between nations, counties, and private property owners.
Some patterns reflect the political, social and religious thinking of the day.
Some patterns relate to differentiations.
Some patterns relate to drink water.
Some patterns relate to important outcomes.
Some patterns relate to important patient outcomes.
Some patterns relate to outcomes.
Some patterns relate to patient outcomes.
Some patterns relate to ranges.
Some patterns relate to water.
Some patterns repeat themselves year after year.
Some patterns represent multiplication.
Some patterns require for meat production.
Some patterns require for production.
Some patterns resemble healthy humans.
Some patterns resemble humans.
Some patterns result in excretion.
Some patterns reveal compel evidence.
Some patterns reveal evidence.
Some patterns seem to relate to geographical distributions.
Some patterns show commonalities.
Some patterns show evidence.
Some patterns show examples.
Some patterns show flight.
Some patterns show life.
Some patterns show motion.
Some patterns suggest events.
Some patterns suggest lack.
Some patterns suggest movement.
Some patterns suggest possibility.
Some patterns suggest recent speciation.
Some patterns suggest speciation.
Some patterns suggest tornado.
Some patterns support inference.
Some patterns transcend media and can be taught in whatever medium most suits the learner.
Patterned backgrounds can also be very difficult.
Patterned base are effective for increased speed.
All patterned behavior tends to go unquestioned, gathering destructive momentum.
Patterned blankets lie on the ground where they work.
Patterned breathing is a pain coping technique using the principle of distraction.
Patterned breathing uses distraction and conditioned response to reduce the perception of pain.
Patterned carpets create beautiful, subtle statements of design.
Patterned colors are, however, defining characteristics of the shaman incarnation.
Patterned leaders are people who reinforce the existing patterns in which and by which people live.
Patterned leadership provides stability and predictability.
Patterned leggings can make legs look heavier.
Patterned notes are a diagrammatic form rather than the linear line by line approach.
Patterned polygons can take the shape of asteroids or gears.
Patterned redistribution allows some people to own the products of others' talents and abilities.
Patterned sheets are fairly inexpensive and are available in numerous styles and characters.
Patterned skirts are no longer acceptable.
Patterned surface ensures maximum static dissipative contact while providing slip protection.
A patternmaker is a maker
Patternmakers are makers.
Patternmakers create the blueprint or pattern pieces for a particular apparel design.
Patternmakers generally work day shift only.
Patternmakers often interact with sample sewers who represent many nationalities.
A patty is pie
Patties are a tad spongy and steak sandwich beef borders on jerky.
Patties are all available.
Patties are candy.
Patties are dishs.
Patties are easy to cook in a pan or on the grill.
Patties are flaky pastries filled with spicy minced meat or seafood.
Patties are often a result of feeding on wetland vegetation.
Patties are pie.
Patties made for grilled double cheeseburgers often fall apart soon after hitting the hot grate.
Patty engages in crafts involving woodworking and sewing as well as gardening.
Patty finishes the briefs, all eight hundred words of it.
Patty works alongside some of the top horsemen in the industry.
Patty works with a variety of , including sexual abuse and addictions.
Patty works with homes, land and new construction.
A patzer is a chess player
Patzer says the request was a tool to clear up misunderstandings.
Paulhus paper describes a strategy for packing the squares which is simple and quite efficient.
Pauline theology raises the problem of sin to a dimension unknown in Judaism.
Paulo state is instructive.
Most Paulownia species are deep rooted with well developed lateral roots.
Most Paulownia species have pseudo-dichotomous branches whose terminal buds dry up after winter.
Paulownia wood is great for wood working .
Pauls image interacts with the guest on the bed.
Paupack soils are underlain by loamy skeletal or clayey skeletal mineral material.
A pauper is a person
Paupers become overnight princes.
A pauperism is poverty
Pauperism creates pauperism at an increasing rate.
Pause button mutes the sound.
A pause is an interval
Pause approximately midway through the informals and ask for additional check-ins.
Pause causes a pause message to be sent to the presently executing link.
Pause drills with blades off striving for set at any position on the recovery is pretty standard.
Pause enter till an ear hence avoid Washington redskins footballs.
Pause Freezes the graph.
Pause gain Internet among traffic throughout some iwo jima so wept through little judge.
Pause grow aboard the decisions thus lead sponges.
Pause isa interval.
Pause now works like the dos version.
Pause occurs after U stretch.
Pause only ong enough for the photograph.
Pause pauses the presentation.
Pause pauses the task that is currently in progress.
Pause pauses the voice mail message.
Pause places DVD in pause mode.
Pause provides into any girl than wrote easton baseball gloves for kids.
Pause Read from before the parenthesis to after to complete the sentence.
Pause send program.
Pause Sends a Pause control request to a service.
Pause starts flashing on title bar.
Pause stops the motion of the playback head.
Pause take below no softstrike soccer ball.
Pause wait seconds between each display.
Pause wait seconds between sending each query packet.
Pause warn onto the river likewise strike artic cat snowmobiles.
Pause warn onto the river likewise strike articcat snowmobiles.
Pause warn onto the river likewise strike moose clothing.
Pause warn onto the river likewise strike new jersey snowmobiling.
Pause warn onto the river likewise strike snowmobile arctic cat.
Pause warn onto the river likewise strike snowmobile clothing.
Pause warn onto the river likewise strike superseer.
Pauses also help listeners take in what they have heard and help prepare for what happens next.
Pauses are a vital element of non-verbal communication and are essential for a strong delivery.
Pauses are acceptable.
Pauses are an important part of the Argentine tango.
Pauses are devices.
Pauses are dramatic elements in Tango best executed with a flourish.
Pauses are important for listeners to decide where boundaries occur in the discourse.
Pauses are important.
Pauses are inactivity.
Pauses are moment of physical inactivity during writing.
Pauses are necessary for well-being and work efficiency.
Pauses are perfect to break up the more intense bits and invite discussion.
Pauses are perhaps the most effective technique for regaining the attention of the audience.
Pauses are silences in the conversation.
Pauses are time intervals.
Pauses are time periods.
Pauses are tremendous servants.
Pauses are voice punctuation as important as written punctuation.
Pauses give clients a chance to listen to the waves, which reinforces the suggestions.
Pauses help our clients reorient their unconscious minds.
Pauses help relieve or prevent eye complaints.
Pauses play of the multimedia source.
Pauses serve a purpose, breaking the flow.
Every pause finishes a sentence.
Every pause results in further deaths and destruction on the ground.
More pause is provided by the grim specifics of decay.
Some pauses refresh and some proclaim a dull wit.
Pav diamond leaves and a baguette diamond stem form the bottom portion of our flower.
A pavane is dance music
Pavane is a rare gem, a surprising speculation.
Pavane is the first system to exploit the full power of the declarative visualization paradigm.
Pavanes are dance music.
Pavanes are dancing.
All pavanes have a common thread, that is they all have the same basic steps.
Pave low makes a low-level run.
Pave playgrounds are surrounded by brick walls.
Pave playgrounds are surrounded by walls.
A pave is a setting
PAVE helps teens to understand the difference between the myths and the facts.
PAVE touches upon abuse in teen-age relationships and how to resolve conflict in any situation.
Paved areas are the biggest culprits.
Paved areas have higher runoff than vegetated areas.
Paved cart paths completely around the course.
Paved cart paths throughout.
Paved drive provides private access.
Paved footpaths lead through the beautifully landscaped grounds to the bungalow accommodations.
Paved ground surrounds the back of the school while there are few patches of grass in the front.
Paved highways lead directly to the entrance gate.
Paved highways link the state capitals and the largest inland cities.
Paved highways provide access to area shopping.
Paved jetties provide wheelchair access.
Paved land replaces parks or reserves and eliminates homes for wildlife.
Paved lanes connect all the homes, creating the pedestrian neighborhood.
Paved lots offer customers a surer footing and are less dusty than gravel lots.
Paved parking is available.
Paved path is almost flat, and except for many curves, quite an easy ride.
Paved paths are great for cycling, and popular for joggers, and family outings.
Paved paths connect all the parking areas with the exception of the equestrian staging area.
Paved paths provide another mile to navigate through the cultivated gardens.
Paved paths run into the desert hills, north of the city.
Paved pathways make jogging or biking more enjoyable as well as safe.
Paved patios are excellent surfaces for outdoor kitchen islands, but decks are another matter.
Paved recreation trails nearby.
Paved road leads all the way to Sheridan, so it is suitable for all types of vehicles.
Paved road leads to the monument from there.
Paved road makes access easy.
Paved road uphill all the way.
Paved roads are for mama's boys.
Paved roads are paved paths.
Paved roads are roads that have been sealed with asphalt or similar road-building materials.
Paved roads are roadways.
Paved roads circumnavigate the islands, with the other roads being dirt rural access roads.
Paved roads connect most cities and large towns in Macedonia.
Paved roads connect Thailand s major cities, but most have only two lanes.
Paved roads connect Thailand's major cities, but most have only two lanes.
Paved roads lead to an inn and golf resort.
Paved roads lead to four overlooks.
Paved roads lead to many of the best viewpoints, and rest facilities are readily available.
Paved roads lead to site.
Paved roads lead to the property and are well maintained.
Paved roads link most major cities but are often in poor repair.
Paved roads link most major cities, but are often in poor repair.
Paved roads reach almost all parts of the country.
Paved roads wind around the Grand Canyon's rims, and trails descend into the canyon.
Paved roads wind through the low spots between the mountains.
All paved roads are open throughout the United Kingdom.
Most paved roads lead to trouble.
Paved shoulders are another type, and can be used in rural or urban areas.
Paved sidewalks lead to all the historic structures and the orchard.
Paved streets are rare.
A paved surface is a level
Paved surfaces absorb the sun's heat and radiate it back into the immediate environment.
Paved surfaces constitute one of the more extreme examples.
Paved surfaces shortens tire life - but still good.
Paved swales are numerous in residential areas.
Paved trail ends at a rock alcove with dripping springs.
Paved trail follows shoreline, lots of large ships to see.
Paved trail follows the Virgin River along the bottom of a narrow canyon.
Paved trail leads to main plaza and scenic point.
Paved trails are available for hikers and bikers.
Paved trails are expensive to construct and maintain, and are environmentally destructive.
Paved trails circle the pond and wind through the woods.
Paved trails trace burbling creeks.
Many paved trails can also accomodate bicycles.
Paved walkway leads to falls from parking area.
Paved walkway offers a scenic half-mile walking tour around the harbor.
Paved walkways allow partial accessibility to the grounds.
Paved walkways connect each housing unit to all program buildings.
Paved walkways lead to the fishing pier, beach, accessible playgrounds and food service window.
Paved walkways lead vistors around the gardens.
Paved walkways weave through carefully maintained tropical gardens that surround the home.
Pavement ants are small black ants that feed mostly on proteins.
Pavement ants are very common in the eastern United States.
Pavement ants feed on a wide variety of food.
Pavement ants feed on a wide variety of foods including other insects, greasy foods, and plants.
Pavement ants feed on plants.
Pavement ants like to nest next to and under sidewalks and other types of slabs.
Most pavement ants feed on plants.
Pavement cafes line both quirky squares and elegant streets.
Pavement damage increases exponentially with higher axle loads.
Pavement deterioration is cumulative.
Some pavement distresses are more severe than others are.
Pavement drainage requires consideration of surface drainage, gutter flow, and inlet capacity.
Pavement engineers approach designs.
Pavement engineers approach pavement designs.
Pavement engineers focus on designs.
Most pavement engineers approach designs.
Most pavement engineers approach pavement designs.
Most pavement engineers focus on designs.
Pavement Lives love pavement Welcome.
Pavement markings are also cues for pedestrians to safely negotiate the work zone.
Pavement markings can include centerlines, fog lines, school crossings, and speed limits.
Pavement markings followed by paving operations is somewhat variable.
Pavement markings have limitations.
Pavement markings print in the correct colors or black for faxes.
Pavement markings provide guidance to traffic and pedestrians.
Pavement replacement is simplified and expensive measures such as asphalt cutting are eliminated.
Pavement also has a major impact on water quality.
Pavement are all about space and spontaneity and when they gell they are just anything.
Pavement are fantastic.
Pavement blocks the rhythm.
Pavement can be a bit hard on lines, but practice is more important than wear and tear.
Pavement comes in thousands of textures and can be extremely abrasive.
Pavement crisscrosses the whole nation, and covers the equivalent of whole states.
Pavement ends at the summit.
Pavement ends quickly and turns into a washboard dirt road.
Pavement gets rough in a couple of spots but overall the skate is nice.
Pavement has (part) sections.
Pavement has the unfortunate stigma of coming from the school of noise.
Pavement includes all road surface types including paved, gravel, and improved or unimproved earth.
Pavement is a paved surface
Pavement is bad, open space is good.
Pavement is certainly brave to post two entire bootlegs for the internet public to hear for free.
Pavement is good with a couple of rough spots.
Pavement is good.
Pavement is in perfect condition.
Pavement is located in cities.
Pavement is located in driveways.
Pavement is located in freeways.
Pavement is located in ground.
Pavement is located in towns.
Pavement is necessary to prevent erosion from the heavy amount of foot traffic the trail receives.
Pavement is only possible if one mistakes irony for cynicism and self-awareness for camp.
Pavement is paved surfaces.
Pavement is tolerable but be careful.
Pavement is too smart to be slack.
Pavement is used for hitting.
Pavement isa surface.
Pavement now covers more than sixty thousand square miles of the United States.
Pavement provides stability.
Pavement reappears from time to time, especially under bridges.
Pavement reflects brightly across all wavelengths.
Pavement reflects or absorbs heat, depending on whether it is light or dark in color.
Pavement stays warm after sundown.
Pavement stops quickly.
Pavement turns to a well-graded dirt road.
Pavement varies from smooth asphalt to older chip and seal.
Pavement wears the knobs considerably.
Pavements act as a roof over the road base.
Pavements are also a civilized feature to have on the road.
Pavements are no exception.
Pavements are so high, and ramps are never provided in schools, cinemas, theatres, or anywhere.
Pavements belong to pedestrians.
Pavements can occur on spatial scales ranging from a few square meters to many square kilometers.
Pavements generally deteriorate at an ever increasing rate.
Pavements rapidly deteriorate as base and subgrade layers become saturated.
All pavements require maintenance.
Any pavement is only as good as the underlying material and whether good drainage exists.
More pavement is in the works.
More pavement only encourages more use.
Most pavement provides stability.
Some pavement has usefulness.
A pavilion is a tent
Pavilion comes from papilio and papiliwn, a butterfly.
Pavilion is at end of parking lot.
Pavilion is available for all.
Pavilion is in the background.
Pavilion is more sedate - but at the same time, more spectacular.
Pavilion is on right.
Pavilion is on the opposite side of the street.
Pavilion is too deep.
Pavilion produces a range of journals, magazines, conferences, and training materials.
Pavilion provides comfortable accommodations to residents and their families.
Pavilions also serve diverse purposes.
Pavilions also stand by bridges or over water-wells.
Pavilions are a first come first serve basis.
Pavilions are available everyday for reservation at no charge.
Pavilions are available for get-togethers of families and friends.
Pavilions are available for renting.
Pavilions are close to hiking trails, fishing and winter sports areas and open playfields.
Pavilions are exclusive virtual showcases of member specific product postings and Storefronts.
Pavilions are tents.
Pavilions are welcome.
Pavilions Enjoy the great outdoors under cover.
Pavilions feature changing floral exhibitions.
Pavilions provide areas for large groups to picnic together and have fun.
Pavilions rent quickly on weekends, so early booking is recommended.
Pavilions troll the aisles, smell the fresh baked bread, find that special bottle of wine.
Pavilions often have electric lights.
Every pavilion is dedicated to a different cultural subject.
Some pavilions are available year-round.
Some pavilions have electricity.
A pavlova is dessert
Pavlova is a favourite dessert.
Pavlova is a meringue ring that begs for fruit topping.
Pavlova is a national treasure.
Pavlovas are dessert.
Pavlovian conditioning has a significant influence on human emotions.
Pavlovian conditioning is a long, drawn-out affair.
Pavlovian conditioning is largely responsible for our motivation to respond in any situation.
Pavlovian conditioning triggers the symptoms.
A paw is a foot
PAW delivers a top quality product regardless of budget.
PAW inhabits a universe where students live in dread of hurting the feelings of school officials.
PAW is a non profit group, totally dedicated to the plight of homeless animals.
PAW is an animal welfare group based in Brussels, .
PAW is open to all GSPP students.
Paw isa body part.
PAW meets once a week.
PAW monitors the sage grouse issue carefully.
PAW offers an extensive, if primitive, online help facility.
PAW plans an event each month.
PAW regrets the errors.
Paw rhymes with law and slaw.
PAW stands for Personal Anywhere Web.
PAW strongly opposes the designation of winter concentration areas as stated above.
PAW wants to look at seasonal changes only.
PAW welcomes letters.
PAW works in two basic methods, transferred and non-transferred arc methods.
Paws act like snowshoes.
Paws are considerable high, rather oval than round, covered with a thick coat.
Paws are considerably high, rather oval than round, covered with thick coat.
Paws are feather-tufted.
Paws are foots.
Paws are handles.
Paws are large, oval, domed, tight.
Paws are large, oval, firm, domed and well closed.
Paws are large, round and firm.
Paws are oval and compact.
Paws are oval with long toes.
Paws are pale in colour Long naked tail with a white end.
Paws are parents.
Paws are part of canines.
Paws are part of felines.
Paws are part of limbs.
Paws are round and compact, with strongly arched toes.
Paws are small and oval.
Paws are tight and round with black pads.
Paws are touch.
Paws are used to pad feet for walking and reduce friction .
Paws are used to pad feet for walking and reduce friction.
Paws can also make it easier to get dogs for children, who can benefit greatly from a canine friend.
Paws have (part) corpi.
Paws have (part) pads.
Paws have claws.
Paws have long claws.
Paws have sharp claws.
Paws is a very smart cookie.
Paws is great.
Paws leave a concentration of scent.
Paws look specked.
Paws offers a two week trial on all of our animals.
Paws provide traction.
Paws tell the same story.
PAWs tend to be efficient rather than reckless with their money, time, and energy.
PAWs usually know who they are.
Most paws act like snowshoes.
Most paws have claws.
Most paws have long claws.
Most paws have sharp claws.
Most paws provide traction.
Some paws are part of aardwolfs.
Some paws are part of alsatians.
Some paws are part of beagles.
Some paws are part of bobcats.
Some paws are part of bulldogs.
Some paws are part of caracals.
Some paws are part of cats.
Some paws are part of cheetahs.
Some paws are part of cougars.
Some paws are part of coyotes.
Some paws are part of dholes.
Some paws are part of dingos.
Some paws are part of doggies.
Some paws are part of dogs.
Some paws are part of felines.
Some paws are part of foxes.
Some paws are part of foxhounds.
Some paws are part of hounds.
Some paws are part of hyenas.
Some paws are part of jackals.
Some paws are part of jaguars.
Some paws are part of jaguarundis.
Some paws are part of leopards.
Some paws are part of lionesses.
Some paws are part of lions.
Some paws are part of lynxes.
Some paws are part of margays.
Some paws are part of ocelots.
Some paws are part of panthers.
Some paws are part of poodles.
Some paws are part of puppies.
Some paws are part of servals.
Some paws are part of tigers.
Some paws are part of toms.
Some paws are part of wolves.
Some paws even wind up as ashtrays.
Some paws have glands.
Some paws have scent glands.
Some paws have thumbs.
Some paws help dogs.
Some paws make noise.
Pawn brokers have forty eight hours before they even have to report pawns and purchases to police.
Pawn brokers records.
Pawn shops are indeed all about bargaining.
Pawn shops are notorious for stolen and over-priced horns.
Pawn shops are very popular at selling second-hand and discounted jewelry and electronics.
Pawn shops do a thriving business here.
Pawn shops have walk-up windows and night service.
Pawn structure is a second important point in such endings.
A pawn is an assistant
Pawns are a bit different.
Pawns are always dispensable.
Pawns are borrowing.
Pawns are chess pieces.
Pawns are chessmans.
Pawns are located in chess sets.
Pawns are located in schemes.
Pawns are more difficult.
Pawns are part of chess.
Pawns are pledges.
Pawns are quite useful for dropping in, to attack and to defend.
Pawns are simple round-shaped pieces with spherical heads.
Pawns are the only piece capable of diagonal movement.
Pawns are the only piece that can capture en passant.
Pawns are used for sacrifices.
Pawns attack the ten squares directly to the left and right of the five squares they can move to.
Pawns become more mobile than in the standard game.
Pawns can also take long jumps in the manner of Billabong.
Pawns can attack also.
Pawns can make the initial double move only if there are still eight ranks.
Pawns can move backwards.
Pawns can move forward or backward.
Pawns can move none or two spaces on the first move, but only one space on each move after that.
Pawns can move one square backwards.
Pawns can never move backwards.
Pawns can only advance one space on their first move.
Pawns can only capture diagonally, one square forward.
Pawns can only move forward two steps in the first move, but can capture.
Pawns can only take a piece if the piece is diagonally next to it.
Pawns can promote on the sixth row.
Pawns can promote to empress, amazon, princess, queen, rook, knight, and bishop.
Pawns can promote to king.
Pawns can promote to queen, rook, bishop, knight, or grasshopper.
Pawns can promote to queen, squirk, rook, knight, and bishop.
Pawns can promote when they reach the opposite side of the board.
Pawns can shoot away like cruise missiles.
Pawns capture diagonally, on the square adjacent and forward.
Pawns capture one square forward or backwards, move diagonally one square forward or backwards.
Pawns capture only by moving diagonally.
Pawns capture other pieces with a forward diagonal move.
Pawns demote only once, disappearing upon demotion.
Pawns disappear quickly, while the queen descends slowly, with dignity intact.
Pawns DO know a good guess at the used price of stuff.
Pawns effectively treat the board as cylindrical since they can only move forwards.
Pawns evolve to more advanced pieces.
Pawns gain powers when they advance.
Pawns gain the ability to move horizontally when they cross the river.
Pawns have a special way to capture .
Pawns have a special way to capture.
Pawns have conical hats.
Pawns have no double move.
Pawns have no initial double step.
Pawns have no initial double-step.
Pawns have no representation in chess notation.
Pawns move and capture as usual.
Pawns move and capture one square directly ahead.
Pawns move as in usual chess, but have no initial double move, and more complicated promotion rules.
Pawns move as in usual chess.
Pawns move as normal, with a two-step option on the first move.
Pawns move as normal, with the two-step option on the first move.
Pawns move as usual, but promote to intrepid, amazon, wazir or chimera.
Pawns move away from their starting sides and promote when they reach the opposite end.
Pawns move differently than other pieces.
Pawns move in a similar fashion to the pieces they start in front of.
Pawns move in a specific direction, and continue to move in that direction.
Pawns move one or two orthogonally if the squares are empty, and capture one square diagonally.
Pawns move one square forward.
Pawns move without taking one hex in the direction of the opponents side.
Pawns moving at right angles to one another involve two capturing situations.
Pawns only can take in the move after they have crossed a deflection line.
Pawns only move forward.
Pawns only promote to pieces captured by the opponent.
Pawns promote at the eighth rank to the piece given by the letter on the target square.
Pawns promote normally upon reaching their opponent's end of the board.
Pawns promote on the back rank of the opponent's end-level.
Pawns promote on the corner rear ranks , i.e., two of the four sides left and right of the board.
Pawns promote on the twelfth rank.
Pawns promote only to queen, rook, or bishop.
Pawns promote to angels only on the king's file.
Pawns promote when they reach any square on which the opponent's major pieces started the game.
Pawns take diagonally and whilst they can leap two cells in the first move there is no en passent.
Pawns turn, too.
Pawns always promote at the end of the turn of the player who owns the pawn.
All pawns disappear from the board.
All pawns have own features.
Every pawn is a potential Queen.
A pawnbroker is an adult
A pawnbroker is an investor
Pawnbrokers are lenders.
Pawnbrokers charge a very high rate of interest.
Pawnbrokers is an online version of our four local stores.
Pawnbrokers is located in Reno, Nevada.
Pawnbrokers provide loans secured by personal items.
Pawnbrokers work closely with local law enforcement.
Pawnbrokers usually traffic in more modest items.
Many pawnbrokers are well equipped with computers helping to ease their transition to the Net.
Most pawnbrokers say, in their advertising, that they LOAN money, as in the painting above.
Pawned vehicles range from everyday work cars to expensive convertibles.
A pawnshop is a store
Pawnshops are great places to find bargains.
Pawnshops are neighborhood businesses providing vital services to the community.
Pawnshops are registered firearms dealers with permanent places of business.
Pawnshops are still the quickest, simplest way to get a loan.
Pawnshops are the oldest form of lending known to mankind.
Pawnshops charge high interest rates.
Pawnshops comply with all federal, state and local regulations.
Pawnshops offer the consumer a quick, convenient and confidential way to borrow money.
Pawnshops provide a unique public service by taking guns as collateral for pawn loans.
Most pawpaw demand comes from farmers markets, restaurants, wineries and breweries.
Pawpaw fruit have a unique tropical flavor and powerful aroma.
Pawpaw trees are also attractive to the homeowner as an ornamental planting in edible landscapes.
Pawpaw trees are capable of rapid growth, under ideal conditions.
Pawpaw trees are prone to producing root suckers a few feet from the trunk.
Pawpaw trees do well in humid continental climates, similar to their native range.
Pawpaw trees establish and grow best when they are given shelter the first year in the field.
Pawpaw trees require adequate soil moisture, especially in the first two years after planting.
A pawpaw is a fruit tree
Pawpaw leaves and twigs contain substances with promising anti-cancer and pesitcidal properties.
Pawpaws also show potential as fresh market fruit.
Pawpaws appear to be sensitive to low humidities, dry winds and cool maritime summers.
Pawpaws are a sweet fruit that grow wild near Kentucky creeks.
Pawpaws are native to the U.S. and are found growing wild from Georgia to Ontario, Canada.
Pawpaws are ordinarily quite difficult to transplant.
Pawpaws are the understory trees near the bridge.
Pawpaws bear fruit in autumn.
Pawpaws contain a tenderizing enzyme.
Pawpaws easily substitute in equal part for banana in most recipes.
Pawpaws have potential.
Pawpaws have very few pest problems.
Pawpaws tend to be precocious under good conditions.
A pax is a greeting
PAX assumes all responsibilities for visas, visa issues and any other travel documents.
Pax is cruise line shorthand for passenger.
PAX meets high standards.
PAX provides total entry accountability and security.
PAX seeks to recruit qualified applicants from as many different countries as posssible.
PAX tends to be more of a political group than a peace group.
Pax visits the elderly, the poor and the unwanted on the streets.
Paxs are greeting.
Paxdata employees are focused on complete customer care.
Pay backs are hell.
Pay checks are on time and accurate.
Pay day is the day agricultural producers sell their commodities and livestock.
Pay day is the last working day of each month.
Pay day is the last working day of the month.
Pay days are games.
Pay drivers are drivers who pay the team to drive the race car.
Pay grade is based on individual qualifications.
Pay grade is commensurate with level of experience and education.
Pay grades are a range of pay from entry level to maximum.
Many pay lakes are part of diversified farm operations.
Pay parking is also available nearby.
Pay parking is available across the street from the building.
Pay parking is available along some streets and in public parking garages.
Pay parking is available directly across from the Campus.
Pay parking is available in front of the building.
Pay parking is available in the building.
Pay parking is available in the garage.
Pay parking is available in the lot just west of the building.
Pay parking is available in the visitors parking lot at a reasonable rate.
Pay parking is available on the east side of the building.
Pay parking is available one level below the roof.
Pay parking is available within the hospital grounds, although the car parks are always busy.
Pay parking is available, as are several beachfront restaurants.
Pay parking is available.
Pay parking is in rear of building.
Pay parking is to be introduced in the new year.
Pay period begin date.
Pay periods are approximately every two weeks.
Pay periods are bi-weekly.
Pay periods are customizable, as is clock rounding and employee breaks.
Pay periods are every two weeks.
Pay periods are from the first to the end of month.
Pay periods are in two week cycles.
Pay periods are in two week intervals.
Pay periods are semi-monthly.
Pay periods are twice a month, including the summer months.
Pay periods are two weeks in length with paydays following ten days later.
Pay periods are two weeks long.
Pay periods don t have to be the same.
Pay periods occur every two weeks.
Pay periods run twice a month.
Pay periods supported are weekly, biweekly, semimonthly, or monthly.
All pay periods are two full weeks in duration.
Pay phones appear safe in other parts of the country, too.
Pay phones are also available in each residence.
Pay phones are another popular scam station.
Pay phones are available adjacent to the school facility and can be used for all personal calls.
Pay phones are available at the entrance of each building.
Pay phones are available for out-going calls.
Pay phones are available for outgoing calls.
Pay phones are available for student use.
Pay phones are available for visitors in the main lobby.
Pay phones are available in all housing areas and across the campus.
Pay phones are available in all residence halls.
Pay phones are available in common areas.
Pay phones are available in each building.
Pay phones are available in each of the halls.
Pay phones are available in each residence hall.
Pay phones are available in lobby.
Pay phones are available in most of our facilities.
Pay phones are available in or near all buildings except Pauling.
Pay phones are available in public areas.
Pay phones are available in the front lobby and near the first floor restrooms.
Pay phones are available in the lobbies of all buildings.
Pay phones are available in the lobby to call for a ride home if dropped off.
Pay phones are available in the lobby.
Pay phones are available in the pool lobby for other calls.
Pay phones are available in the university.
Pay phones are available near the elevators adjacent to the main lobby.
Pay phones are available near the front entrance for use by groups.
Pay phones are available on campus.
Pay phones are available on each campus for student use.
Pay phones are available on each floor.
Pay phones are available on the first floor, to the right of the staircase.
Pay phones are available.
Pay phones are frequent in bus terminals, airports and most public buildings or plazas.
Pay phones are good targets.
Pay phones are in the outer lobby for outside calls.
Pay phones are located in airports.
Pay phones are located in each lobby space across the property.
Pay phones are phones.
Pay phones are telephones.
Pay phones are unpluggable.
Pay phones are usually the most readily available source.
Pay phones located about the building accept one-RMB coins.
Pay phones work.
Pay pool managers request use.
Pay scale is based on experience and amount of school work completed.
Pay scale is competitive and air-conditioned housing is provided.
Pay scale is designed to more than cover expenses and provide substantial bonus for exceeding goals.
Pay scales are competitive.
Pay scales are definitely a part of the problem.
Pay scales are through the roof, while fund family ties are somewhat strained.
Pay scales start at a lower rate than A-scale and increase with seniority.
Pay scales vary according to region and segment of the market.
Pay scales vary by shop and area.
Pay scales vary depending on exact terms of study, degree and actual time in the field.
Pay scales vary for each level and type of position.
Pay scales vary widely between geographical areas and levels of experience.
Pay scales vary.
Pay stubs help confirm current income level and verify the applicant's employment.
Pay telephone is located in the main foyer.
Pay telephone is to be shared by both maisonettes.
Pay telephones accept Japanese coins and prepaid telephones cards.
Pay telephones are a significant link in Florida's telecommunications network.
Pay telephones are also available in each hall.
Pay telephones are also available on each floor.
Pay telephones are also available on the first floor of each residence hall.
Pay telephones are available at various locations on campus.
Pay telephones are available for campers' use at their own expense.
Pay telephones are available for outgoing calls.
Pay telephones are available for student use in each building.
Pay telephones are available in public areas for local and long distance calling.
Pay telephones are available in the conference buildings if response to a message is necessary.
Pay telephones are available in the lobby and the front desk is staffed twenty-four hours a day.
Pay telephones are available on a limited basis and typically require a calling card.
Pay telephones are available on campus for student use.
Pay telephones are available on the first floor.
Pay telephones are available on the ground floor of the building.
Pay telephones are available on the main floor and in the patient lounges.
Pay telephones are available throughout the halls.
Pay telephones are no exception.
Pay telephones are similarly available.
Most pay telephones accept dimes, nickels, and quarters.
Pay television can be an avenue for pornography.
Pay television is one of the toughest and most ruthless businesses apart from organised crime.
Pay affects workers attitudes, performance and commitment level.
Pay begins accruing the minute firefighters sign a contract to join a crew.
Pay begins at minimum wage, with opportunities for increases.
Pay can be a big issue.
Pay can be a powerful management tool and a compelling motivator.
Pay can be minimum wage or higher.
Pay can create new marketing opportunities and potential revenue streams for institutions.
Pay can increase rapidly once experienced.
Pay can vary tremendously.
Pay can vary widely depending on many factors, including geography.
Pay can vary, too.
Pay continues until no more uses can be imagined.
Pay delivers a win-win solution for all parties involved.
Pay depends on departmental requirements and company offerings.
Pay depends on experience and ability.
Pay depends on experience and degrees held.
Pay depends on experience, education, etc.
Pay depends on experience.
Pay depends on hours worked.
Pay depends on major, class level, and experience.
Pay depends on position.
Pay depends on qualifications and experience.
Pay depends on regional laws and cultural custom.
Pay depends on specialist duties and on qualifications.
Pay depends on the locality.
Pay depends on the number of course assignments and normally includes the same fee reduction as RAs.
Pay depends on the setup.
Pay depends on whether the job is year round and full time.
Pay depends on year.
Pay depends upon effort.
Pay depends upon experience.
Pay does differ in the amount of extras a person gets, but it's never based upon gender.
Pay earned while married and domiciled in a community property state is community income.
Pay goes up according to length of time in the school district and with additional degrees.
Pay have a special health section containing diabetes products.
Pay includes a competitive salary plus commission and comprehensive benefits.
Pay includes base plus commission.
Pay includes benefits such as vacation and sick days.
Pay includes bonuses, cash value of meals and lodging, and tips and other gratuities.
Pay includes full medical, two weeks vacation and paid parking.
Pay includes room and board and a limited health policy.
Pay includes room and board and a stipend.
Pay includes room and board.
Pay is a big factor in discouraging people from working in the sector.
Pay is a big issue.
Pay is a constant subject of conversation.
Pay is a factor in the decision to become a nurse as well.
Pay is a factor, although by no means the only one.
Pay is a fixed salary, paid monthly.
Pay is a flat fee based on the story's complexity, length and time frame.
Pay is a function of supply and demand.
Pay is a function of time spent.
Pay is a handsome commission only with bonuses and incentives.
Pay is a payment
Pay is a relative notion.
Pay is a second advantage.
Pay is a sticky issue in some districts.
Pay is a whole complex issue.
Pay is about marketplace economics and skills.
Pay is about the same though.
Pay is above average.
Pay is above standard student wage, with flexible scheduling available.
Pay is according to the number of words to translate in the source language.
Pay is adequate but below that of the Washington-area private sector.
Pay is adjusted after the first year, based on the existing contract between the county and union.
Pay is also a factor.
Pay is also a key element in recruiting and retaining executives.
Pay is also clearly related to plant size.
Pay is also poor.
Pay is always an issue when it comes to assessments.
Pay is always on time and the Korean and foreign teachers have good working relationships.
Pay is an external factor.
Pay is an issue there, too.
Pay is an issue, too.
Pay is another complaint.
Pay is another stumbling block.
Pay is appropriately poet-like, about five grand a year.
Pay is approx.
Pay is as an incentive to participate in the production process.
Pay is as discussed in the other two sections.
Pay is at the current federal minimum wage.
Pay is at the current minimum wage rate and paychecks are available the tenth of each month.
Pay is at the federal minimum wage rate.
Pay is available for teens and for adults serving as organizers.
Pay is average because so many people want to work here.
Pay is bad, no benefits, etc.
Pay is based on a cost per stop, distance from dock and difficulty of route.
Pay is based on a monthly salary rate.
Pay is based on a salary and hourly incentive depending on experience.
Pay is based on academic standing.
Pay is based on an apprentice level, and is granted quarterly.
Pay is based on commision from sales.
Pay is based on commission from ads sold.
Pay is based on commission only.
Pay is based on commission with additional stock options.
Pay is based on commission.
Pay is based on commissions.
Pay is based on experience and job responsibility.
Pay is based on experience and room and board is available for all positions during contract dates.
Pay is based on experience, and shift and flex differentials are offered.
Pay is based on experience.
Pay is Based on experience.
Pay is based on forty hours per week.
Pay is based on geographic location, size of company, type of airplane etc.
Pay is based on graduate or undergraduate status, responsibilities, and experience.
Pay is based on industry experience and work history and includes commissions based on performance.
Pay is based on industry experience and work history.
Pay is based on no exp.
Pay is based on performance and includes a benefit package.
Pay is based on performance, and some of the profits are set aside for staff bonuses.
Pay is based on piece rate, which makes it possible to pay workers less than the legal minimum wage.
Pay is based on position and experience.
Pay is based on qualifications and experience.
Pay is based on skills and experience.
Pay is based on skills experience, and productivity.
Pay is based on skills, knowledge and performance rather that exclusively on seniority.
Pay is based on speed, neatness, and quality of work.
Pay is based on the level of class the instructor teaches.
Pay is based on the number of students enrolled.
Pay is based on the summer pay schedule.
Pay is based on the year completed in school and what degree is being pursued.
Pay is based on tips.
Pay is based on total Points accrued during active duty and reserve component participation.
Pay is based on years of creditable service.
Pay is based per article submitted.
Pay is based upon experience.
Pay is better than minimum wage.
Pay is between journalism and industrial.
Pay is biweekly.
Pay is btw.
Pay is by assignment and often takes several years to show a profit.
Pay is by stocks, or commission.
Pay is by the project and is stated in advance.
Pay is calculated at one and one-half times the rate entered.
Pay is calculated at straight time.
Pay is calculated on workdays in each month.
Pay is calibrated primarily to market levels.
Pay is certainly an issue.
Pay is certainly one of the most important.
Pay is close to minimum wage.
Pay is comensurate with experience and is competitive.
Pay is commensurate with experience.
Pay is Commensurate with experience.
Pay is commiserate to training and experience.
Pay is commission based, with a competetive commission percentage offered.
Pay is commission on copy sold, plus expenses.
Pay is comparable to living expenses.
Pay is comparable to most civilian jobs requiring a college degree.
Pay is competitive and benefits are above average.
Pay is competitive and commensurate with experience.
Pay is competitive and hours are flexible.
Pay is competitive and hours are quite reasonable and generous education benefits.
Pay is competitive and includes a generous bonus package.
Pay is competitive and no previous officiating experience is required.
Pay is competitive with other non-union theatres.
Pay is competitive with other stores the bookstore industry.
Pay is competitive with wages in the Washington, D.C. metropolitan area.
Pay is competitive, and the quality of work life is excellent.
Pay is competitive, depending on experience.
Pay is competitive.
Pay is completely negotiable, and there is relocation expense assistance.
Pay is consitent, every two weeks on the dot.
Pay is contingent on experience.
Pay is coordinated departmentally, and is taxable income for the student.
Pay is decided by the gods.
Pay is deferred after city income tax, retirement system contributions and other deductions.
Pay is defined as all salaries, fees, bonuses, and severance payments that each person received.
Pay is dependant on expertise.
Pay is dependent on experience.
Pay is dependent upon education and work experience.
Pay is dependent upon experience.
Pay is dependent upon skill level and available openings.
Pay is derived by time of service and rank.
Pay is determined by advertising revenue.
Pay is determined by qualifications and exper.
Pay is determined by the requirements of the job.
Pay is determined, in great part, by the job classification of the position occupied by an employee.
Pay is empty.
Pay is excellent and opportunities are increasing.
Pay is excellent and the hours are flexible.
Pay is excellent.
Pay is fast, easy and safe.
Pay is five levels deep.
Pay is fixed per shift, regardless of how long it takes.
Pay is flexible.
Pay is for performances only.
Pay is geared to the area with trans included.
Pay is good and competitive.
Pay is good and experience was valuable.
Pay is good in Leeds, Birmingham etc.
Pay is good.
Pay is great and option of travel.
Pay is great but the experience,training and skill building is the real compensation.
Pay is great.
Pay is greater for instructors that hold specific certifications.
Pay is gross and includes commission, bonuses and tips, if they are paid through the payroll.
Pay is guaranteed.
Pay is high, future is bright.
Pay is higher for fully catered trips.
Pay is higher for overtime, night shifts, and for unusually hazardous work.
Pay is higher in acute care hospitals and in the big city areas.
Pay is highest in industrial companies.
Pay is highly competative.
Pay is hourly and competitive.
Pay is hourly and dependent on experience.
Pay is hourly, plus commission, bonuses and other benefits including theater tickets.
Pay is hourly, with merit-based bonuses awarded every shift.
Pay is hourly.
Pay is important, but how they feel about themselves and their job is also a factor.
Pay is in cash every two weeks.
Pay is in copies.
Pay is in the form of a semester's stipend distributed monthly.
Pay is in the form of Appropriate Duty.
Pay is in the general range.
Pay is incentive based - the more swimmers paid, the more money the coach gets.
Pay is incorrect.
Pay is irregular, training sparse and morale low.
Pay is just one reason why Georgia is attracting Florida teachers.
Pay is kind of sacrosanct.
Pay is less but good benefits and retirement plans.
Pay is linked to performance.
Pay is linked to production.
Pay is little to none-I'm sorry, but it's a small theatre.
Pay is lousy but the benefits are great.
Pay is low, benefits are thin and the stairway to full-time employment is hard to find.
Pay is low, preferment dicey.
Pay is low.
Pay is minimal, and many are volunteers.
Pay is minimum but more with experience.
Pay is minimum wage plus tips.
Pay is minimum wage with possible bonus.
Pay is minimum wage, with increases according to length of service and job performance.
Pay is minimum wage.
Pay is monthly, by check or direct deposit.
Pay is more than most other state-appointed officials get.
Pay is negotiable and based on the completed job.
Pay is negotiable and day, evening and weekend hours are available.
Pay is negotiable and is based on experience.
Pay is negotiable and is based primarily on performance.
Pay is negotiable depending on experience.
Pay is negotiable on a percentage basis.
Pay is negotiable, officials say.
Pay is negotiable, with cross-promotion possible.
Pay is negotiable.
Pay is negotiated between employer and intern.
Pay is negotiated between the student and the company.
Pay is negotiated with our unions.
Pay is never the real reason people leave a firm, but it sure makes a great excuse for employees.
Pay is nine months in arrears, and funding from the government is improbable.
Pay is normally on commission.
Pay is okay, nothing astronomical.
Pay is on a commission basis.
Pay is on a per stop basis.
Pay is on a per-review basis. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Pay is on a per-review basis.
Pay is on a weekly basis based on commission, with a daily guarantee.
Pay is on an hourly basis.
Pay is on commission basis.
Pay is on depreciated value.
Pay is on publication.
Pay is on the academic scale.
Pay is on the basis of student employment pay scales.
Pay is only one factor to consider when choosing a career.
Pay is only part of the incentive.
Pay is open.
Pay is optional but encouraged.
Pay is overstated as a retention tool.
Pay is payments.
Pay is per project or per hour.
Pay is per project.
Pay is performance related in some careers services.
Pay is performance related.
Pay is poor and there is no way to get promoted.
Pay is poor, journalistic conditions even worse.
Pay is pretty decent, health insurance is great, job security is strong.
Pay is provided.
Pay is reasonable and consistent.
Pay is received for the following services.
Pay is related to performance in two ways.
Pay is relatively low, pressure high.
Pay is result-oriented.
Pay is reviewed at intervals and is increased according to changes in the index.
Pay is ridiculous, benifits are also inadiquate.
Pay is salary plus commission.
Pay is secondary among many.
Pay is sent directly to the bank of the employee's choice monthly.
Pay is set at federal minimum wage.
Pay is set by compensation teams with sponsors acting as advocates for each associate.
Pay is so low that some workers have been qualifying for welfare benefits.
Pay is still good.
Pay is structured so that they receive paychecks on a twice monthly basis.
Pay is subject to annual pay reviews and does rise on an incremental basis.
Pay is substantially lower than for all rights.
Pay is suspended if the student stops attending school.
Pay is tax free up to a certain dollar amount.
Pay is the biggest controllable expense in most organizations.
Pay is the major issue in the dispute.
Pay is the only issue still on the bargaining table.
Pay is the only sticking point left.
Pay is the second most popular motive for informants.
Pay is to be determined, based on the applicant's salary history.
Pay is to be given for actual days taught.
Pay is to five levels just for making referrals.
Pay is twice monthly.
Pay is two copies and a one-year subscription.
Pay is unrelated to knowledge or skill.
Pay is up for nonprofit executives.
Pay is usually better.
Pay is usually entry level with benefits varying from branch to branch.
Pay is usually hourly and drivers are home every night.
Pay is usually lower than, but related to, graduate salaries for the type of work undertaken.
Pay is usually minimal or non-existant but the point is getting clips.
Pay is usually performance related, increases are common.
Pay is very competitive and negotiable for the right person.
Pay is very competitive depending on experience.
Pay is very competitive with a housing allowance.
Pay is very competitive.
Pay is weekly and training is provided at no cost.
Pay is weekly.
Pay is what ultimately separates one position from another.
Pay is within approved monthly stipend rates.
Pay is yes.
Pay isa payment.
Pay listed is the minimum of the pay grade.
Pay offers ala carte solutions as well as full service, bundled solutions and software options.
Pay raises for all.
Pay raises for shameful numskullness is noodlehead government.
Pay raises to teachers.
Pay remains employees' primary concern.
Pay remains one of the foremost areas of concern for federal employees.
Pay remains the same each month unless there is an exception.
Pay seems almost reasonable, based upon the work required.
Pay seems great.
Pay starts at minimum wage.
Pay takes another leap.
Pay tends to be lower in rural areas.
Pay tends to be slightly higher than for tour and travel guides.
PAY varies from one plant to another and among locations.
Pay varies greatly from year to year.
Pay varies greatly with the experience and specialty of the worker.
Pay varies less in terms of location and functional area than in terms of race and gender.
Pay varies widely with the subject matter and area of the country.
Pay varies widely with the type and size of businesses.
Pay varies widely with the type and size of restaurant.
Pay varies widely with the worker's area of the country, experience, and skill level.
Pay varies widely with the worker's duties, the type of employer, and the product.
PAYS also has a mandatory video for adults.
Pay often depends on experience and performance.
All pay is taxable.
More pay is no good if prices for goods equal or surpass the higher salary.
Some pay is available.
A payable is financial obligation
Payables are current liabilities that companies incur during the normal course of doing business .
Payables provides management and payment of bills, invoices, and credit card charges.
Payback periods depend on the hours of operation and severity of climate zones.
Payback value depends heavily on the real estate market and the prevailing property values.
A payback is a proceeds
Payback begins in the playoffs.
Payback begins on the very first call.
Paybacks are a bitch, New England continues weird streak of wins.
Paybacks are companies.
Paybacks are fun.
Paybacks are hell.
Paybacks are part of the long history of the rivalry.
Paybacks are returns.
Paybacks can be dramatic.
Paybacks can be hell, however.
Paybacks can be more or less than the report's figures, depending upon regional markets.
Paybacks can be rather startling.
A paycheck is a check
Paychecks are a wonderful thing.
Paychecks are also subject to garnishments or liens made according to court order or law.
Paychecks are available every two weeks.
Paychecks are checks.
Paychecks are direct deposited into each employee's credit union account.
Paychecks are generally available the last working day of the month.
Paychecks are great levelers of the playing field.
Paychecks are like buckets of water dolled out by some corporation.
Paychecks are nice.
Paychecks are prepared for distribution two weeks after the pay period ends.
Paychecks are subject to the deductions authorized by the individual or required by law.
Paychecks are transfers.
Paychecks are up, too, but they haven t come anywhere near keeping up with inflation.
Paychecks arrive on payday all ready to be handed out.
Paychecks arrive two weeks after the end of the pay period.
Paychecks cover the two week period ending nine days before payday.
Paychecks go directly to our bank accounts.
Paychecks have the same issue.
Paychecks look good so far.
Paychecks matter in suburbia.
Paychecks once issued by Moscow center are, for the moment, now being cut by the Russian republic.
Paychecks reflect pay for hours worked over the prior two weeks, except for part-time employees.
Most paychecks have some money deducted.
Most payday lenders require customers to have a full-time job and a checking account.
Some payday lenders demand a recent bank statement or pay stub.
Payday lending is a growing business.
Payday loans are another source of profit.
Payday loans are given on the basis of employment and income.
Payday loans are high-cost, short term loans that use a borrower's personal check as collateral.
Payday loans are small, short-term loans at extremely high interest rates.
Payday loans are small, short-term loans made by check cashers at extremely high interest rates.
Payday loans are subject to usury laws, and the charges involved constitute interest.
Payday loans are very popular in American continents.
Payday loans can be very expensive credit.
Payday loans can be very tempting for people who are struggling to make ends meet.
Payday loans represent the worst kind of usury and exploitation of desperate consumers.
A payday is a day
Paydays are candy.
Paydays are currently every two weeks.
Paydays are days.
Paydays are on the first and the sixteenth of every month.
Paydays are twice a month.
Paydays provide short-term loans, usually two weeks to a month.
All payday is new viol.
PAYE taxpayers have an extra incentive.
Payed members have more flexible layout options.
A payee is an acquirer
Payee detail on checkwriting and debit card activity.
Payee Enter complete name.
Payee is an employe, including student employes.
Payee is in a higher tax bracket than the payer.
Payee is usually the same as the Name of Institution listed on first line.
Payee makes payment r.
Payees customarily offer their services to the general public.
Payees perform all work entirely at their own risk.
Payees receive payments in either electronic or paper format.
Payees visit their clients often to ensure their well-being.
Many payees are unsure about how to use a large sum of money.
Many payees require their customers to write their account number on paper checks as well.
Most payees are either friends or relatives.
Some payees are able to accept electronic payments, but others require a paper check.
Some payees are exempt from backup withholding.
A payer is a person
Payer controls the date funds are debited.
Payer has little or no gross income from which to deduct alimony.
Payer recognizes two different philosophies of medical care operating in Europe and America.
Payers also differ in how they allocate the fee between anesthesiologist and anesthetist.
Payers also request and receive information from providers via the mail, fax, and telephone systems.
Payers are able to reduce costs and improve patient health outcomes.
Payers are located in sporting events.
Payers benefit because they can use such data to favor a cheaper, yet equally effective, drug.
Payers can choose coverage rich or poor or in between - according to what they can afford.
Payers compete aggressively on the basis of price to build critical mass relative to competitors.
Payers compete on price, outcomes, consumer satisfaction.
Payers compete on price.
Payers define the system.
Payers face monetary fines for non-compliance.
Payers failing to automate the broker channel are likely to be at a severe competitive disadvantage.
Payers gleam only that information they require for claims adjudication.
Payers have complete control over their own banking and account information.
Payers have different methods of handling smaller increments of time, however.
Payers receive claims directly from THIN without going through another company.
Payers recognize that attempts to manage care by focusing on a single component of care are failing.
Payers save under a single price that covers the entire continuum for that surgical procedure.
Payers tend to push back less on products that save lives.
Payers tighten the rules.
Payers usually prefer to categorize payments as alimony, because they get a tax deduction.
Many payers apparently require attachments to cover the deficiencies in their internal systems.
Many payers are interested in global or capitated arrangements with physicians and hospitals.
Some payers automatically request medical records if the claim exceeds a preset dollar figure.
Some payers offer higher compensation to groups that do well on quality measures.
Some payers require care management.
Payload specialist passes through the tunnel to enter the SL module.
Most payload specialists are scientists who work for the owner of the payload.
A payload is an explosive
Payload interface standard by class for all.
Payload interfacing specifications are available.
Payload scrambling is only significant locally.
Payloads are devices.
Payloads are normaly a ton per flight.
Payloads are the nasty part of the virus.
Payloads can be anything from innocuous banners to severe filesystem damage.
Payloads can increase significantly.
Payloads enable labels and artists to profit from the distribution of popular music files.
Payloads often use the resultant centrifugal force to deploy doors, sensors, and other devices.
All payload is carried on the external underwing stores.
All payloads are flexible to some extent.
Every payload octet sent in each direction on a channel has an associated sequence number.
PayMail product sends targeted advertisements to user's email inbox.
Paymaster general says people employed by personal services companies By our parliamentary staff.
A paymaster is a person
Paymaster can microfiche payroll registers, quarterly reports, or annual employee ledgers.
Paymaster is easy to use.
Paymasters are payers.
Paymasters features a fine selection of modern Australian cuisine.
Payment bonds can keep a subcontractor or supplier in business rather than facing bankruptcy.
Payment bonds prevent liens.
Payment cards offer a fast, convenient, safe way to be paid.
Payment method depends on the distributor.
Payment method Indicates the procedure or form, by which payments are made.
Payment method is by credit card only.
Payment method is cash or check.
Payment method is wire transfer.
Payment methods accepted are cash, check and money order and credit card.
Payment methods accepted are cash, check or money order.
Payment methods accepted include credit cards and money orders.
Payment methods are by international money order or by bank transfer.
Payment methods are cash and credit for office visits.
Payment methods are credit card, wire transfer, or financing.
Payment methods are either through credit cards, or through checks and money orders.
Payment methods are flexible.
Payment methods are subject to sale category, but generally are due on the date of sale.
Payment methods can also affect the contract price.
Payment methods can apply to an organization, an individual, or a group.
Payment methods can be credit card, check, and even cash.
Payment methods range from outright purchases by parents to creative leasing arrangements.
Payment methods varies.
Payment methods vary according to ways of application.
Payment methods vary from club to club.
Some payment methods are faster than others.
Payment of bills is due immediately.
Payment Processing Consider the details from one financial institution.
Payment processing involves many parties.
Payment processing is made even more complicated by the number of parties that can be involved.
Payment processing is the other.
Payment processing takes approximately two business days.
All payment processing is at the county level.
All payment processing is secure.
All payment processing takes place here in our store.
Payment schedule depends on the service used and project requirements.
Payment schedule is as outlined on the tour registration form.
Payment schedule is negotiable.
Payment schedule is sent with contract.
Payment Schedule Make checks payable to .
Payment schedules are flexible.
Payment schedules are negotiable and can be monthly, quarterly, semi-annual or annual.
Payment schedules are negotiable.
Payment schedules are schedules.
Payment schedules are to be negotiated with the treasurer and are binding.
Payment schedules offered by the client determine the contractor's schedule of activities.
Payment schedules vary according to program.
Payment schedules vary from merchant to merchant.
Payment schedules vary from quarter to quarter.
Payment schedules vary.
Some payment schedules make the recipient wait weeks, months, or years for their money.
Payment system is an infrastructure related with both business and private life.
Payment systems are also a problem.
Payment systems are of course only one part of the chain in electronic commerce.
Payment systems have clear attractions for consumers making purchases over the Internet.
Payment systems vary from country to country.
All payment systems connect to a secure server.
Many payment systems are in use, but no system has gained widespread acceptance.
Payment terms are as follows.
Payment terms are as shown.
Payment terms are available for attorney's fees and costs.
Payment terms are available upon credit approval.
Payment Terms are Available.
Payment terms are between buyer and seller.
Payment terms are cash in advance of shipment.
Payment terms are cash in advance, in any event before delivery.
Payment terms are check or money order.
Payment terms are check, credit card or money order.
Payment terms are due upon receipt.
Payment terms are equally simple.
Payment terms are letter of credit or wire transfer.
Payment terms are monthly in advance by standing order, or annually in advance by cheque.
Payment terms are negotiable for established accounts.
Payment terms are NET upon receipt of invoice.
Payment terms are net, thirty days.
Payment terms are on presentation of invoice.
Payment terms are primarily monthly.
Payment terms are quite flexible.
Payment terms are subject to our approval.
Payment terms are to be agreed upon between buyer and seller.
Payment terms are to be agreed upon between seller and buyer.
Payment terms are to be agreed upon between the seller and the buyer.
Payment terms are to be agreed upon by buyer and seller, or their legal representatives.
Payment Terms are to be agreed upon by buyer and seller.
Payment terms are to be discussed.
Payment terms are upon receipt of invoice.
Payment terms are very important.
Payment terms are wiretransfer before shipping, unless otherwise arranged prior to shipment.
Payment Terms Call to set up an account.
Payment terms can be variable to suit the donor's needs.
Payment terms Displays the appropriate payment term code.
Payment terms Displays the four-digit code specifying the terms of payment for trip expenses.
Payment terms Displays the payment terms code for the outline agreement.
Payment terms fail.
All payment terms are subject to credit approval.
Payment transactions are by secured server.
All payment transactions enter processing immediately, on the day they are received.
A payment is cost
Payment accepted by credit card in sterling s only.
Payment accepted by credit card, check or cash is acceptable.
Payment accrues from sales.
Payment appear Fourteen about lots family to whatever pupil.
Payment Apply in person at one of the below .
Payment approaches that rely upon any of a number of possible data sources are under consideration.
Payment are under the normal terms specified above.
Payment begets empowerment.
Payment begin before they can get to their feet.
Payment begins after a nine-month grace period.
Payment begins after borrower ceases to be a student.
Payment begins following six month grace period after leaving college.
Payment begins immediately.
Payment begins on the month that sponsorship begins.
Payment begins the seventh month of total disability.
Payment begins while the student is in school.
Payment begins with the first full month of employment.
Payment begins with the first quarterly payment immediately after approval.
Payment can be by cash or check, and is due by the first class meeting.
Payment can be by cash, check or travelers check.
Payment can be by cash, check, or major credit card.
Payment can be by cash, sterling cheque, or credit card.
Payment can be by check or by credit card.
Payment can be by check or credit card.
Payment can be by check or money order.
Payment can be by check, money order or credit card.
Payment can be by check, money order, or cashier's check in U.S. currency.
Payment can be by cheque or credit card.
Payment can be by cheque, credit card or monthly direct debit.
Payment can be by credit card or check or money order.
Payment can be by credit card or check, billed on a quarterly basis.
Payment can be by credit card or cheque in advance.
Payment can be by credit card or cheque.
Payment can be by credit card or company purchase order.
Payment can be by credit card or transfer.
Payment can be by credit card, certified check, bank draft or money order.
Payment can be by credit card, check, money order, or wire transfer.
Payment can be by credit card, swift bank transfer or cheques.
Payment can be by departmental charge card, check or cash.
Payment can be by money order or personal check.
Payment can be by personal check, bank check, or business check.
Payment can be by personal check, cashier s check, or postal money order.
Payment can be by PO, credit card, or check.
Payment can be by postal order.
Payment can be by purchase order or credit card, depending on the individual customer's needs.
Payment can be by secure credit card transaction online, or by cash locally.
Payment can be by telegraphic transfer or credit card.
Payment can be by Travelers check, money order, certified check or cash.
Payment can be by way of cash or credit card.
Payment can be by week or month.
Payment can be cash or checks.
Payment can be direct, vendor or childcare deduction.
Payment can be due the session after the bill, two weeks later or a month later.
Payment can be either money order or credit card.
Payment can be immediate.
Payment can be in any currency.
Payment can be in cash or check.
Payment can be in cash, check, or in trade.
Payment can be in cash, via cheque, or via bank transfer.
Payment can be in installments as long as they are made within a single tax year.
Payment can be in the form of a check or credit card.
Payment can be in the form of a personal check, money order, cash, or transfer voucher.
Payment can be in the form of cash, check, money order or credit card.
Payment can be in the form of cash, check, or money order.
Payment can be in the form of cash, cheque, bank transfer or banker's draft.
Payment can be in the form of cash, money order, or major credit cards.
Payment can be in the form of check or credit card.
Payment can be in the form of money, drugs, food, shelter, clothes, etc.
Payment can be in the form of personal check, credit card or cash.
Payment can be in the forms of cash, check or credit card.
Payment can be ma de by phone.
Payment can be made by personal check, travellers check or credit card.
Payment can be made in the form of a check, travelers check or credit card.
Payment can be made with cash, personal check, travelers check or money order.
Payment can be made with check or cash, correct change is appreciated.
Payment can be monthly or per delivery.
Payment can be on a one-time or a recurring basis.
Payment can be one way of recognising and beginning to equalise such power relations.
Payment can be partial, or it can be deferred for a while.
Payment can be through credit cards.
Payment can be up front or a recurring amount.
Payment can be via check or credit card.
Payment can only come from increased foreign exchange earnings.
Payment can take the form of cash, vacation trips or other compensation.
Payment can use useful convenience store payment.
Payment ceases in the case where a parent serving a prison sentence is released.
Payment coincides with use.
Payment comes from our office.
Payment commisions the artist time and skill in creating the piece.
Payment commissions the artist time and skill in creating the piece.
Payment confirms a seat as enrollment is limited.
Payment confirms registration.
Payment confirms reservations.
Payment consists of smiling at someone.
Payment contains pricing, availability and billing information.
Payment continues to be made while the exceptional circumstances declaration is in force.
Payment covers postage and handling costs.
Payment covers registration for two years.
Payment defeats the purpose.
Payment denotes a reservation.
Payment depends on duration of each visit and type of protocol.
Payment depends on duration of visit and type of protocol.
Payment depends on how the various groups of APGs occur together on the case.
Payment depends on qualifications.
Payment depends on story length and complexity.
Payment depends on the employee's average weekly earnings.
Payment depends on the submission and needs.
Payment depends upon insurance.
Payment ends at the end of the semester in which the youth turns nineteen.
Payment entitles the exhibitor to the furniture as stated above and electrical outlets.
Payment follows individual means and is often in kind.
Payment follows publication.
Payment goes directly to providers.
Payment goes to the original publisher and credit to the original author.
Payment has to be done by a 'click and pay button'.
Payment has to be done direct to the chauffeur.
Payment has to be effected via credit card.
Payment has to be made against invoice.
Payment has to be made at the hotel upon arrival.
Payment has to be made in advance for one business year.
Payment has to be made in full by credit card at time of booking.
Payment has to be made upon requesting visa.
Payment has to be received in full before commencement of the training.
Payment has to be sent through the Japanese postal banking system.
Payment have to come from user fees or sale of water properties.
Payment implies agreement to abide by the meeting room policy.
Payment includes all conference materials, two lunches, and a cocktail reception.
Payment includes all course materials and one-year resource updates.
Payment includes all referee fees.
Payment includes any necessary adjustments for a six month period.
Payment includes both tuition and materials fees.
Payment includes cost of luncheon, refreshments, and course notebook.
Payment includes course fee, lecture notes, two lunches and refreshments.
Payment includes entire scientific and social program .
Payment includes lunches, refreshments, proceedings and all materials.
Payment includes price of shirt, shipping and handling.
Payment includes principal and interest only.
Payment includes program administration, documentation, luncheons and scheduled evening functions.
Payment includes shipping and handling charges and, where applicable, sales taxes.
Payment includes the cost of lunch and refreshments.
Payment includes training class.
Payment includes training, accommodation, and meals.
Payment indicates an agreement with our advertisement policy .
Payment involves familiarity with all benefit programs and contact with every department on campus.
Payment is .
Payment is a fixed amount per admission and per diagnosis.
Payment is a free breakfast, lunch and dinner.
Payment is a key issue for hospitals nationwide.
Payment is a key to any loan.
Payment is -about one month prior to publication.
Payment is acceptable by cash, check, or money order.
Payment is acceptable in cash or cheque with a valid guarantee card.
Payment is accepted at the door.
Payment is accepted at the museum's box office by cash, credit card or check.
Payment is accepted at time of class.
Payment is accepted by cash or check and a deposit is required to guarantee reservations.
Payment is accepted by cash or check, No credit cards.
Payment is accepted by cash or cheque.
Payment is accepted by cash, check or credit card.
Payment is accepted by cash, check, or credit card.
Payment is accepted by cash, travelers check or personal check.
Payment is accepted by check or credit card.
Payment is accepted by check or money order.
Payment is accepted by check, bank money order, or postal money order.
Payment is accepted by check, money order or cashiers check only.
Payment is accepted by check, money order or credit card.
Payment is accepted by check, money order, or credit card.
Payment is accepted by cheque only.
Payment is accepted by cheque or by credit card.
Payment is accepted by cheque or postal order.
Payment is accepted by cheque, international money order or bank transfer.
Payment is accepted by company check or credit card submitted prior to the first class day.
Payment is accepted by credit card , cheque or money order.
Payment is accepted by credit card online.
Payment is accepted by credit card or check.
Payment is accepted by credit card or fire pay and winnings are credited daily.
Payment is accepted by credit card, check or cash.
Payment is accepted by credit card, fax, money order or check.
Payment is accepted by ersonal check or money order.
Payment is accepted by personal check, money order or any major credit card.
Payment is accepted by personal check, money order or credit card.
Payment is accepted by personal check, TCs, or cash.
Payment is accepted by personal, business and cashier check and money order.
Payment is accepted by the month.
Payment is accepted in advance by credit card or by check.
Payment is accepted in Canadian dollars.
Payment is accepted in cash or by bank or credit card.
Payment is accepted in cash or check.
Payment is accepted in cash or postal money order.
Payment is accepted in cash, check or money orders payable in U.S. dollars.
Payment is accepted in cash, check, or money order.
Payment is accepted in either cash, travelers checks, money order, or company check form.
Payment is accepted in either check or credit card.
Payment is accepted in either check or money order.
Payment is accepted in either currency.
Payment is accepted in either U.S. dollars or Canadian dollars.
Payment is accepted in either U.S. dollars or Mexican pesos.
Payment is accepted in either U.S. or Canadian dollars.
Payment is accepted in either U.S. or Canadian funds.
Payment is accepted in equivalent amount of any internationally traded currency.
Payment is accepted in Euros by cheque or credit card.
Payment is accepted in many forms, including credit card, cash, check, or money order.
Payment is accepted in money order only, as there have been problems with checks bouncing.
Payment is accepted in the following methods.
Payment is accepted in the form of cash or check.
Payment is accepted in the form of cash, check or money order only.
Payment is accepted in the form of cash, check or money order.
Payment is accepted in the form of check or money order.
Payment is accepted in the form of check, money order, or cash.
Payment is accepted in the form of checks or money orders.
Payment is accepted in the form of cheques, cash and debit and credit cards.
Payment is accepted in the form of credit card or cash on arrival.
Payment is accepted in the form of credit card or check or money order only.
Payment is accepted in the form of recharge, personal check, or cash.
Payment is accepted in U.S. dollars only.
Payment is accepted in U.S. dollars or as an international money order denominated in dollars.
Payment is accepted in U.S. dollars, as an international money order denominated in dollars.
Payment is accepted in U.S. dollars, by check, money order or credit card.
Payment is accepted in U.S. dollars, money orders or personal checks.
Payment is accepted in U.S. funds only.
Payment is accepted in U.S. funds.
Payment is accepted in United States currency only.
Payment is accepted online, over the phone, via fax, or through postal mail.
Payment is accepted online.
Payment is accepted only in foreign exchange.
Payment is accepted through company check or credit card and is payable before passwords are issued.
Payment is accepted through internal order form only.
Payment is accepted via credit card for immediate shipping.
Payment is accepted via credit card, cash, check, or employer payment plan.
Payment is accepted via credit cards only.
Payment is accepted via mail by check or money order.
Payment is accepted with check, credit card, or purchase order.
Payment is according to the rules for civil servants, in the scale BAT IIa.
Payment is all due on the day of filming.
Payment is all efficiency, all smiles and all major credit cards.
Payment is also acceptable by visa and master card.
Payment is also due at that time.
Payment is also easily deferred during at least half-time enrollment in graduate school.
Payment is also in advance.
Payment is also possible by money transfer.
Payment is always due at the time of service.
Payment is always due by the tenth of the following month.
Payment is always good.
Payment is always negotiable.
Payment is always on publication, with an average six-month holding period.
Payment is amazingly fast.
Payment is another issue.
Payment is another problem.
Payment is applied by submitting a tuition remission voucher at the time of registration.
Payment is appreciated at the time services are provided.
Payment is arranged after the initial consultation.
Payment is arranged depending on location and means to pay for services.
Payment is arranged directly with the agent.
Payment is as easy as a click of the mouse.
Payment is as follows.
Payment is as important as any other element of the job.
Payment is as of the current or some specified time.
Payment is asked from both the sender and the receiver.
Payment is asked up front before request is fulfilled.
Payment is assured, but the process is terribly cumbersome.
Payment is at an agreed hourly rate, settled monthly on receipt of an invoice.
Payment is at current rates on publication.
Payment is at least one copy.
Payment is at the discretion of the chief executive officer or designee.
Payment is at the door with cash, personal check or travelers check.
Payment is at the door.
Payment is at the office on the island.
Payment is at the usual rates for visiting lecturers.
Payment is attendee's responsibility.
Payment is authorised on receipt of order.
Payment is authorized only for materials that are logged into the inventory system.
Payment is available to owners as well as renters who pay for heat as a part of their rent.
Payment is awarded for unique visitors.
Payment is based accordingly.
Payment is based on a percentage of advertiser revenue.
Payment is based on a predetermined fixed-price basis.
Payment is based on a set fee schedule.
Payment is based on a sliding fee scale.
Payment is based on a sliding- fee schedule.
Payment is based on a sliding scale fee.
Payment is based on a sliding scale of a patient s ability to pay.
Payment is based on a sliding scale to family income.
Payment is based on a variable scale that is stated in the contract.
Payment is based on an appraisal of the property, wetland complex and total wetland acres protected.
Payment is based on an appraisal of the property.
Payment is based on an honor system.
Payment is based on click throughs.
Payment is based on either hours of use or a percentage of revenue generated by the ads.
Payment is based on experience and assignment.
Payment is based on full reporting of actual copying.
Payment is based on income and household size.
Payment is based on length of publication at time of publication.
Payment is based on mission success.
Payment is based on number of ads viewed per month.
Payment is based on specific metrics, which are usually tied to cost savings or revenue earnings.
Payment is based on the actual cash value of the equipment or accessories at the time of loss.
Payment is based on the employer's selected plan design.
Payment is based on the final subcontract amount.
Payment is based on the form and complexity of the submission.
Payment is based on the honor system, see the classified page for details.
Payment is based on the level of provider participation.
Payment is based on the nature of the event.
Payment is based on the number of hits received from that particular ad.
Payment is based on the operation's past history of seasonal profits and losses.
Payment is based on the pay rate immediately prior to the status change.
Payment is based on the physician's charge or the fee schedule amount, whichever is less.
Payment is based on the salary at the time the work is performed.
Payment is based on time spent with the patient.
Payment is based on total state service supplemented by an age factor.
Payment is based on usual and customary charges.
Payment is based on usual, reasonable and customary charges.
Payment is based upon completion of specific work, rather than time worked.
Payment is based upon the employee's rate of compensation at the time of retirement or death.
Payment is based upon the employee's salary at the time of retirement or death.
Payment is based upon the number of hours worked and rate of pay.
Payment is based upon the rate of compensation at the time of retirement.
Payment is based upon the salary at the time of separation.
Payment is between the client and the worker.
Payment is billed in one installment.
Payment is by an initial deposit, with full payment made nearer the date of launch.
Payment is by bank transfer together with a detailed statement.
Payment is by business check.
Payment is by cash on the day of the game.
Payment is by cash only.
Payment is by cash or check and can be paid by mail or in person.
Payment is by cash or check in full for fiscal year.
Payment is by cash or check only, please.
Payment is by cash or check only.
Payment is by cash or check upon arrival.
Payment is by cash or check.
Payment is by cash or cheque at the time of pickup.
Payment is by cash or cheque at the time of the pickup.
Payment is by cash or cheque only.
Payment is by cash or cheque, and most stations also take credit cards.
Payment is by cash or cheque.
Payment is by cash or personal cheque.
Payment is by cash or travelers check only.
Payment is by cash or traveler's check.
Payment is by cash, certified or bank check.
Payment is by cash, check or barter.
Payment is by cash, check, money order or travelers check.
Payment is by cash, check, or credit card.
Payment is by cash, money order or cashier's check.
Payment is by cashcard.
Payment is by certified check, money order or credit card only .
Payment is by certified check, money order or credit card only.
Payment is by certified check, travelers' checks, bank draft or cash.
Payment is by certified cheque or money order only.
Payment is by charge on account only to eliminate cash drawer security problems.
Payment is by check and issued the last week of the same month that a submission is accepted.
Payment is by check disbursed thirty days after the publication date.
Payment is by check only .
Payment is by check only and is due before the start of the subsequent calendar quarter.
Payment is by check only, no charges accepted for cuttings.
Payment is by check only.
Payment is by check or cash.
Payment is by check or credit card.
Payment is by check or electronic funds transfer following completion of the measure.
Payment is by check or electronic funds transfer.
Payment is by check or in cash at the close of the session.
Payment is by check or money order only.
Payment is by check or money order.
Payment is by check or money-order only.
Payment is by check or money-order.
Payment is by check or purchase order.
Payment is by check with order or major credit card.
Payment is by check, cash or money order only.
Payment is by check, money order or cash in U.S. funds only.
Payment is by check, money order, or by electronic transfer of funds.
Payment is by check, money order, or cash in U.S. funds only.
Payment is by check.
Payment is by cheque in advance for the assessment session, and monthly in advance after that.
Payment is by cheque only.
Payment is by cheque or banker's draft drawn on a UK bank in UK currency.
Payment is by cheque or cash at the time of registering.
Payment is by cheque or credit card.
Payment is by cheque or money order or credit card.
Payment is by cheque with order.
Payment is by cheque.
Payment is by commission or monthly rate, as negotiated.
Payment is by credit card at the time of booking.
Payment is by credit card online and the data is supplied in excel for future manipulation.
Payment is by credit card only .
Payment is by credit card only and full payment is due at the time of order.
Payment is by credit card only.
Payment is by credit card or check.
Payment is by credit card or deposit account.
Payment is by credit card or open account.
Payment is by credit card or U.S. dollar check.
Payment is by credit card using a secure server.
Payment is by credit card via online ordering, fax or phone.
Payment is by credit card, cheque, or money transfer.
Payment is by credit card, personal check or a university purchase order.
Payment is by credit card.
Payment is by credit or debit card only.
Payment is by credit or debit card, and the room and keycode are given out by the computer.
Payment is by departmental recharge only.
Payment is by direct debit.
Payment is by donation, although no one is turned away.
Payment is by donation.
Payment is by either check or credit card.
Payment is by either postal transfer or bank transfer.
Payment is by good check or cash.
Payment is by honor system.
Payment is by inter-bank transfer, or a bank check.
Payment is by invoice.
Payment is by mail or via the Internet.
Payment is by major credit card via a secure server.
Payment is by means of credit card through a secure server.
Payment is by money order or business check only.
Payment is by money order or check.
Payment is by money order or personal checks.
Payment is by money order.
Payment is by negotiation, and subject to the future success of our projects.
Payment is by outright purchase.
Payment is by payroll deduction, direct checking account deduction or by credit card.
Payment is by personal check only, please.
Payment is by personal check or cash.
Payment is by personal check, money order, or from an account through thePayPal link below.
Payment is by postal money transfer.
Payment is by pro-forma invoice unless credit terms are agreed.
Payment is by recharge number.
Payment is by recharge only.
Payment is by secure credit card orders and safer than ordering by phone.
Payment is by subscription, and the firm offers a demonstration segment.
Payment is by telephone or in person only.
Payment is by the meter.
Payment is by the story submission system.
Payment is by three equal instalments due at the beginning of each college term.
Payment is by U.S. check only.
Payment is by vehicle.
Payment is by way of annual subscription.
Payment is by wire transfer.
Payment is calculated in the computer system and settled electronically.
Payment is calculated on a calendar-month basis.
Payment is capped so no one author receives too much.
Payment is cash or certified check.
Payment is cash or check only.
Payment is cash or check.
Payment is cash or company cheque.
Payment is cash-only.
Payment is charged and paid as it always has been.
Payment is charged in full at the time the order is placed.
Payment is charged to department or a personal account.
Payment is cheaper than rent.
Payment is check or money order.
Payment is collected at the class.
Payment is collected at the end of each visit, and receipts are issued.
Payment is collected on the first day of camp.
Payment is collected twice per year.
Payment is commensurate with quality of work and experience.
Payment is commensurate with quality of work.
Payment is completed in a secured area.
Payment is completed.
Payment is completely voluntary, but very appreciated.
Payment is considered complete on the date the check is issued.
Payment is considered due on receipt of order confirmation.
Payment is considered made when the funds are withdrawn.
Payment is considered on an individual basis.
Payment is considered to be complete on the day the check is issued.
Payment is considered to have begun when the member elected to begin retirement benefits.
Payment is consistent and problem free.
Payment is contingent upon availability of funds.
Payment is contingent upon available funds in the budget account.
Payment is convenient and easy.
Payment is coordinated at the department level and is taxable income for the student.
Payment is covered by veterans benefits, or private pay arrangements.
Payment is credited toward the tuition fee upon matriculation.
Payment is credited toward tuition once payment of the balance of the tuition is received.
Payment is currently only available via regular mail until a secure transmission can be ensured.
Payment is declared void if a check is returned for nonsufficient funds.
Payment is deducted for lessons missed.
Payment is deducted from the buyer's bank account, but proceeds from stock sales are mailed.
Payment is deducted only after a registration has been confirmed by the appropriate authorities.
Payment is deemed made by the date on the check.
Payment is deferred to time of sale.
Payment is deferred until sale or transfer of property.
Payment is deferred while the student is still in school.
Payment is deferred.
Payment is delayed until the maturity of the draft.
Payment is denied.
Payment is dependent on ability to pay.
Payment is dependent upon the cash flow of certain real estate leased to a single party.
Payment is deposited directly into the seller's bank account.
Payment is deposited on receipt.
Payment is determined by the time of entry.
Payment is direct to the company or by credit card.
Payment is discussed on an individual basis.
Payment is done at the airline premises, before the flight.
Payment is done at the time of lessons.
Payment is done by credit card upon submission of the request.
Payment is done by money order, half upon order and half upon delivery.
Payment is done in advance, on-line, with any major credit card.
Payment is done monthly.
Payment is done on an honor system.
Payment is done on arrival by the individual students.
Payment is done on monthly basis.
Payment is done online by credit card.
Payment is done through credit card.
Payment is due according to the schedule printed on the bill.
Payment is due after acceptance.
Payment is due after analysis of samples and receipt of data.
Payment is due after each session.
Payment is due after selection and prior to the beginning of the institute.
Payment is due after the class has begun.
Payment is due after the services are rendered.
Payment is due after the session by personal check or by money order.
Payment is due and payable at the beginning of the lesson.
Payment is due and payable before the final exam of the respective term.
Payment is due and payable every six months.
Payment is due and payable on or before the due date printed on the bill.
Payment is due and payable on publication of the advertisement.
Payment is due and payable on the candidate's hire or contract start date.
Payment is due and payable on the first evening of that particular class.
Payment is due and payable upon receipt of invoice.
Payment is due and processed when the elapsed time and traffic guarantee are surpassed.
Payment is due as each page is delivered.
Payment is due as of invoice date.
Payment is due as soon as the retainer period commences.
Payment is due as specified on the bill or in an accompanying letter.
Payment is due at arrival in Arnhem.
Payment is due at arrival.
Payment is due at beginning of each accounting cycle.
Payment is due at booking.
Payment is due at check in time.
Payment is due at conference registration.
Payment is due at destination before unloading.
Payment is due at entry.
Payment is due at or prior to registration at the conference.
Payment is due at receipt of information.
Payment is due at registration.
Payment is due at signup.
Payment is due at start of ad cycle.
Payment is due at the beginning of class.
Payment is due at the beginning of each accounting cycle.
Payment is due at the beginning of each billing period.
Payment is due at the beginning of each service interval as defined per the client contract.
Payment is due at the beginning of each subsequent year.
Payment is due at the beginning of the contract term.
Payment is due at the beginning of the first session.
Payment is due at the beginning of the program.
Payment is due at the beginning of the semester.
Payment is due at the beginning of the session.
Payment is due at the closing date by either check or major credit card for first time clients.
Payment is due at the completion of each step.
Payment is due at the completion of the site inspection.
Payment is due at the conclusion of each session.
Payment is due at the conclusion of the semester.
Payment is due at the conference desk upon registration.
Payment is due at the conference.
Payment is due at the door.
Payment is due at the end of each tutoring session.
Payment is due at the end of the event.
Payment is due at the end of the function.
Payment is due at the end of the month following the month in which the statement is mailed.
Payment is due at the end of the session.
Payment is due at the first class session.
Payment is due at the first day of classes.
Payment is due at the first session.
Payment is due at the library within seven days of the final notice .
Payment is due at the same time.
Payment is due at the time a request is made.
Payment is due at the time each service is rendered.
Payment is due at the time file is submitted unless other arrangement is made in advance.
Payment is due at the time file is submitted unless other arrangements have been made.
Payment is due at the time of ad order.
Payment is due at the time of advertising insertion order.
Payment is due at the time of all trips.
Payment is due at the time of application.
Payment is due at the time of consultation.
Payment is due at the time of departure.
Payment is due at the time of drop off.
Payment is due at the time of enrollment.
Payment is due at the time of inspection.
Payment is due at the time of listing.
Payment is due at the time of making a reservation.
Payment is due at the time of open registration.
Payment is due at the time of order.
Payment is due at the time of ordering.
Payment is due at the time of pick up.
Payment is due at the time of pickup or delivery of the item.
Payment is due at the time of pickup.
Payment is due at the time of presentation.
Payment is due at the time of purchase.
Payment is due at the time of registration .
Payment is due at the time of registration and can be made by check or credit card.
Payment is due at the time of registration or by specified deadlines.
Payment is due at the time of registration.
Payment is due at the time of request.
Payment is due at the time of service by cash, check or credit card.
Payment is due at the time of service unless other arrangements have been made prior to treatment.
Payment is due at the time of service unless previous arrangements have been made.
Payment is due at the time of service.
Payment is due at the time of services.
Payment is due at the time of sign up to reserve a space on that trip.
Payment is due at the time of space reservation.
Payment is due at the time of testing.
Payment is due at the time of the class.
Payment is due at the time of the event.
Payment is due at the time of the inspection and is payable by check or cash.
Payment is due at the time of the inspection.
Payment is due at the time of the photography.
Payment is due at the time of the program.
Payment is due at the time of the sale.
Payment is due at the time of the trail.
Payment is due at the time of treatment.
Payment is due at the time of walk-in registration.
Payment is due at the time service is provided .
Payment is due at the time service is rendered.
Payment is due at the time services are rendered.
Payment is due at the time the advertisement is placed.
Payment is due at the time the booking is confirmed.
Payment is due at the time the file is submitted.
Payment is due at the time the item is picked up by the patron, payable by check only .
Payment is due at the time the order is placed.
Payment is due at the time the recording is received.
Payment is due at the time the request is made.
Payment is due at the time the reservation is made.
Payment is due at the time the services are requested.
Payment is due at time of check in.
Payment is due at time of class registration.
Payment is due at time of enrollment.
Payment is due at time of order to include shipping charges.
Payment is due at time of order.
Payment is due at time of pick up.
Payment is due at time of pick-up.
Payment is due at time of pickup.
Payment is due at time of posting.
Payment is due at time of purchase and can be made by cash or check only.
Payment is due at time of purchase.
Payment is due at time of registration and renewal fee is due in advance.
Payment is due at time of registration, and all registrations are final.
Payment is due at time of registration, by check, cash or credit card.
Payment is due at time of registration, one week prior to the first day of class.
Payment is due at time of registration.
Payment is due at time of registratoin for programs booked less than one month in advance.
Payment is due at time of reservation.
Payment is due at time of reservations.
Payment is due at time of schedule adjustment.
Payment is due at time of seating.
Payment is due at time of service by cash, check or credit card.
Payment is due at time of service.
Payment is due at time of services rendered.
Payment is due at time of session.
Payment is due at time of sign-up.
Payment is due at time of storage.
Payment is due at time of submission of listing form.
Payment is due at time of submission.
Payment is due at time of tour.
Payment is due at time of transmittal.
Payment is due at time of visit.
Payment is due at time services are rendered.
Payment is due at transportation registration.
Payment is due at, or prior, to registration at the symposium.
Payment is due based upon the published schedule.
Payment is due before access is granted to the course.
Payment is due before advert is shown.
Payment is due before departing.
Payment is due before exiting.
Payment is due before games are scheduled.
Payment is due before items are released to a customer.
Payment is due before or at the seminar.
Payment is due before or by the first day of class.
Payment is due before registration.
Payment is due before service begins.
Payment is due before shipment.
Payment is due before shipping unless arranged otherwise.
Payment is due before the ad is uploaded, normally by credit card.
Payment is due before the beginning of each semester.
Payment is due before the commencement of internships.
Payment is due before the copies are made.
Payment is due before the day of the activity.
Payment is due before the first class session.
Payment is due before the first day of classes.
Payment is due before the time period covered.
Payment is due before work is released, maintenance clients payments are due monthly.
Payment is due by cash, check, or university requisition upon completion of a search.
Payment is due by date of invoice.
Payment is due by due date of invoice.
Payment is due by month's end.
Payment is due by orientation.
Payment is due by the cited due date.
Payment is due by the date indicated on the invoice.
Payment is due by the date of the conference.
Payment is due by the date of the workshop.
Payment is due by the date on the remittance.
Payment is due by the date stated on the email invoice.
Payment is due by the due date.
Payment is due by the end of the first week of each class.
Payment is due by the end of the month.
Payment is due by the end of the semester in which the fine was incurred.
Payment is due by the first class.
Payment is due by the first day of class.
Payment is due by the first day of the course.
Payment is due by the first day the display is scheduled to appear.
Payment is due by the first for service in that month.
Payment is due by the first lesson.
Payment is due by the payment due date shown on the statement.
Payment is due by the respective area contract deadline.
Payment is due by the same date.
Payment is due by the specified date, regardless of whether the bill is received.
Payment is due day of program.
Payment is due during the first week of school in order to complete the class registration process.
Payment is due during the period billed for.
Payment is due during week of registration.
Payment is due each anniversary day or period following the date the account was established.
Payment is due each anniversary following the date the account was established.
Payment is due each anniversary month or period following the date the account was established.
Payment is due each anniversary period following the date the account was established.
Payment is due each anniversary quarter following the date the account was established.
Payment is due each anniversary year following the date the account was established.
Payment is due each anniversary year or month following the date the account was established.
Payment is due each month and is timely when received by the due date on the statement.
Payment is due each semester.
Payment is due each session.
Payment is due even if the employe was careless.
Payment is due every session, and can be made by cash or cheque.
Payment is due fifteen days upon receipt of invoice.
Payment is due five working days after issuance of the final notice.
Payment is due following acceptance into the program.
Payment is due for accounts on the day of setup and on the renewal date.
Payment is due for all students by the payment deadline, without regard to receipt of an invoice.
Payment is due for an entire one month of service when the invoice is submitted.
Payment is due for successful registrations only.
Payment is due for the clubs.
Payment is due for the entire month of service.
Payment is due for the guaranteed or actual number of attendance whichever is greater.
Payment is due immediately after date of invoice.
Payment is due immediately after invoice issued.
Payment is due immediately after receiving confirmation of registration.
Payment is due immediately for class registrations that occur after the beginning of the term.
Payment is due immediately on receipt of billing statement.
Payment is due immediately upon receipt of Order.
Payment is due immediately upon receipt of the invoice.
Payment is due immediately upon receiving an invoice.
Payment is due immediately upon receiving invoice.
Payment is due immediately upon registering.
Payment is due immediately upon registration.
Payment is due immediately.
Payment is due immediatly on receipt of billing statement.
Payment is due in advance and re-accessed quarterly for bandwidth variations.
Payment is due in advance at the first of each month.
Payment is due in advance each month.
Payment is due in advance for all accounts.
Payment is due in advance for all placement and services.
Payment is due in advance for all transcript service.
Payment is due in advance for all transcript services.
Payment is due in advance for each succeeding set of three lessons.
Payment is due in advance for setup fee plus first months hosting.
Payment is due in advance of any advertisement placed.
Payment is due in advance of each due date, under the terms stipulated on the customer contract.
Payment is due in advance of each due date, under the terms stipulated on the service agreement.
Payment is due in advance of each term of service.
Payment is due in advance of shipment.
Payment is due in advance of the campaign launch date.
Payment is due in advance of the course start date.
Payment is due in advance of when service is rendered.
Payment is due in advance or upon arrival.
Payment is due in advance, on the first day of each month.
Payment is due in advance.
Payment is due in Canadian funds at closing date unless credit has been granted.
Payment is due in CASH at the time of sale to the highest bidder.
Payment is due in cash upon arrival, in season a deposit payment via bank transfer is required.
Payment is due in cash upon arrival.
Payment is due in DM without subtractions within four weeks.
Payment is due in full and no extensions are available.
Payment is due in full as stated on the invoice.
Payment is due in full at check-in.
Payment is due in full at confirmation.
Payment is due in full at the end of the two weeks.
Payment is due in full at the time of first billing.
Payment is due in full at the time of initial consultation.
Payment is due in full at the time of registration.
Payment is due in full at the time of service.
Payment is due in full at the time of the sale.
Payment is due in full at the time the order is placed.
Payment is due in full at time of booking.
Payment is due in full at time of check in by either credit card, money order, bank check or cash.
Payment is due in full at time of order.
Payment is due in full at time of registration.
Payment is due in full at time reservation is made.
Payment is due in full before shipment of order.
Payment is due in full before the articles can be released to the patron.
Payment is due in full before the first session.
Payment is due in full by cash, check or major credit card at time of registration.
Payment is due in full by the date of the class.
Payment is due in full by the first of the month.
Payment is due in full each month.
Payment is due in full for consultation upon receipt of the final report.
Payment is due in full for the first session at time of registration.
Payment is due in full immediately after services are rendered.
Payment is due in full on arrival.
Payment is due in full on presentation of invoice.
Payment is due in full on the first day of classes.
Payment is due in full prior to attending classes.
Payment is due in full prior to delivery of equipment.
Payment is due in full prior to mail date.
Payment is due in full prior to starting the class.
Payment is due in full prior to the first day of class.
Payment is due in full prior to the start of each semester.
Payment is due in full the day of appointment.
Payment is due in full the day of the abortion.
Payment is due in full the day of the auction.
Payment is due in full two weeks after the opening reservation date for each trip.
Payment is due in full upon arrival.
Payment is due in full upon completon of drilling.
Payment is due in full upon delivery.
Payment is due in full upon receipt and no later than the late payment date on the invoices.
Payment is due in full upon receipt of invoice.
Payment is due in full upon receipt of order.
Payment is due in full upon receipt of the invoice.
Payment is due in full when an order is placed.
Payment is due in full when the order is placed.
Payment is due in full with above registration request.
Payment is due in full with the exhibit space application.
Payment is due in full with the initial registration.
Payment is due in sterling.
Payment is due in ten business days after sign up.
Payment is due in the student accounts office within one week after receiving the statement.
Payment is due in U.S. dollars.
Payment is due is ten days.
Payment is due monthly, quarterly, or annually as agreed to.
Payment is due monthly.
Payment is due net prior to advertisment being posted.
Payment is due no later than six days after the end of the pay period.
Payment is due no later than the first day of class.
Payment is due no later than thirty days from the date of invoice.
Payment is due now.
Payment is due on acceptance.
Payment is due on approval and non-refundable.
Payment is due on arrival.
Payment is due on Calendar payment deadlines.
Payment is due on check-out.
Payment is due on checkout.
Payment is due on collection or at time of ordering for plants sent by public carrier.
Payment is due on commencement of service contract.
Payment is due on date of rental unless other arrangements have been made in advance.
Payment is due on day of visit.
Payment is due on delivery of goods and invoice.
Payment is due on delivery.
Payment is due on each anniversary month or period following the date the account was established.
Payment is due on each anniversary period following the date the account was established.
Payment is due on each quarter or anniversary following the date the account was established.
Payment is due on first day of class if minimum enrollment is met.
Payment is due on first day of class.
Payment is due on invoice receipt.
Payment is due on invoice.
Payment is due on or before add deadlines.
Payment is due on or before course date.
Payment is due on or before day of event.
Payment is due on or before the copy deadline for each issue.
Payment is due on or before the date listed on the bottom of the summons.
Payment is due on or before the date specified on the Billing Statement.
Payment is due on or before the day of the luncheon.
Payment is due on or before the due date.
Payment is due on or before the first class date.
Payment is due on or before the first day of each month.
Payment is due on or before the first lesson.
Payment is due on or before the invoice date and is considered delinquent the following day.
Payment is due on or before the tenth day of the month following the month of purchase.
Payment is due on or prior to the day of the program.
Payment is due on order.
Payment is due on receipt and is subject to the payment terms detailed above.
Payment is due on receipt of an invoice.
Payment is due on receipt of bill.
Payment is due on receipt of invoice .
Payment is due on receipt of invoice please.
Payment is due on receipt of invoice.
Payment is due on receipt of materials.
Payment is due on receipt of merchandise.
Payment is due on receipt of order.
Payment is due on receipt of the invoice.
Payment is due on receipt.
Payment is due on that due date, regardless of whether the billing statement is received.
Payment is due on that same day.
Payment is due on the anniversary date.
Payment is due on the date billed.
Payment is due on the date indicated on the Statement of Account.
Payment is due on the date of each anniversary of the payment period.
Payment is due on the date of publication.
Payment is due on the date of the sale.
Payment is due on the date service is provided.
Payment is due on the date specified on each month's bill.
Payment is due on the date specified on the invoice of each anniversary of the payment period.
Payment is due on the date specified on the invoice.
Payment is due on the date stated in the confirmation.
Payment is due on the date the service is rendered.
Payment is due on the day of presentation.
Payment is due on the day of programs.
Payment is due on the day of registration.
Payment is due on the day of service.
Payment is due on the day of the program.
Payment is due on the final proof of ad.
Payment is due on the first day of camp attendance in each week.
Payment is due on the first day of class.
Payment is due on the first day of classes.
Payment is due on the first day of each billing period.
Payment is due on the first day of every month.
Payment is due on the first day of the billing month for the coming month.
Payment is due on the first day of the insured month.
Payment is due on the first day of the month for which services are rendered.
Payment is due on the first day of the month.
Payment is due on the first of each month.
Payment is due on the first of every month.
Payment is due on the first of the month at the beginning of the service period.
Payment is due on the first of the month for the current month's service.
Payment is due on the first of the month.
Payment is due on the first school day of the month.
Payment is due on the payment date after the close of the funds transfer business day.
Payment is due once the quarter begins or can be divided into monthly installments.
Payment is due one month in advance.
Payment is due one month out from the date of departure.
Payment is due one week after receipt of invoice.
Payment is due one week before class begins.
Payment is due one week before each course begins.
Payment is due one week before starting class.
Payment is due one week prior to delivery date.
Payment is due one week prior to pick-up date.
Payment is due one week prior to the advertising start date along with the signed contract.
Payment is due one week prior to the advertising start date.
Payment is due only upon acceptance in the program.
Payment is due only upon receipt of the invoice.
Payment is due only upon the successful completion of a search.
Payment is due per terms outlined in the advertising contract.
Payment is due prior to ad being posted.
Payment is due prior to ad placement.
Payment is due prior to conference.
Payment is due prior to insertion of ad.
Payment is due prior to publication unless other arrangements are made.
Payment is due prior to publication.
Payment is due prior to receiving services.
Payment is due prior to rental.
Payment is due prior to shipment.
Payment is due prior to shipping.
Payment is due prior to sponsorship period.
Payment is due prior to start of course.
Payment is due prior to taking each exam and is non-refundable.
Payment is due prior to the conference, or by the conference check-in time.
Payment is due prior to the conference.
Payment is due prior to the day of the fair.
Payment is due prior to the draft.
Payment is due prior to the end of the month.
Payment is due prior to the entertainer's performance.
Payment is due prior to the event.
Payment is due prior to the first day of class.
Payment is due prior to the seminar .
Payment is due prior to the seminar date.
Payment is due prior to the seminar, including payment on purchase orders.
Payment is due prior to the seminar.
Payment is due prior to the start of the conference.
Payment is due prior to the start of the fair.
Payment is due prior to the student's entry into class.
Payment is due prior to the workshop.
Payment is due prior to usage for all services.
Payment is due regardless of sellers completion of the sale with the buyer.
Payment is due same day.
Payment is due seven days after placement - no exceptions.
Payment is due shortly after receipt of invoice, unless previous arrangements have been made.
Payment is due six days after the end of the pay period.
Payment is due ten days from the invoice date.
Payment is due that day.
Payment is due the day of registration thereafter.
Payment is due the day of registration.
Payment is due the day of the event.
Payment is due the day services are provided.
Payment is due the first day of class each month to avoid late charges.
Payment is due the first day of class.
Payment is due the first day of each month.
Payment is due the first day of the billing period and is billed in advance.
Payment is due the first of each month to continue the listing.
Payment is due the first of each month.
Payment is due the first week of the month.
Payment is due the first week of the semester.
Payment is due the last day of each month.
Payment is due the morning of the clinic.
Payment is due the period following the date the account was established.
Payment is due thirty days after date of invoice.
Payment is due thirty days following publication.
Payment is due thirty days from the date of the invoice.
Payment is due thirty days prior to the start of the semester.
Payment is due three days before the trip.
Payment is due three weeks before the beginning of the semester.
Payment is due three weeks before the performance.
Payment is due three weeks prior to the first day of registration for each term.
Payment is due to the seller from the buyer.
Payment is due two weeks after receipt.
Payment is due two weeks before surgery.
Payment is due two weeks before the course start date.
Payment is due two weeks before the start of the class.
Payment is due two weeks in advance of the scheduled session when possible.
Payment is due two weeks in advance of the scheduled session, unless other arrangements are made.
Payment is due two weeks prior to the beginning of class.
Payment is due two weeks prior to the start of classes.
Payment is due two weeks prior to the start of the program.
Payment is due two weeks prior to their events.
Payment is due upion initiation of advertising services.
Payment is due upon a student's acceptance into the degree program.
Payment is due upon approval.
Payment is due upon arrival on the farm.
Payment is due upon arrival.
Payment is due upon billing.
Payment is due upon booking.
Payment is due upon check-in each particular hotel.
Payment is due upon checking in at the conference.
Payment is due upon completion of service call.
Payment is due upon completion of services.
Payment is due upon completion of the appraisal document.
Payment is due upon completion of the home inspection and receipt of the final report.
Payment is due upon completion of the inspection.
Payment is due upon completion of the job.
Payment is due upon completion of the project.
Payment is due upon completion of the service work order.
Payment is due upon completion of the services and delivery of the report.
Payment is due upon completion of the shed.
Payment is due upon completion of the work.
Payment is due upon completion of work.
Payment is due upon confirmation of availability.
Payment is due upon delivery of services or product.
Payment is due upon delivery of the order.
Payment is due upon delivery unless prior arrangement is made with the company.
Payment is due upon form submission.
Payment is due upon full order confirmation.
Payment is due upon install completion.
Payment is due upon invoice receipt.
Payment is due upon notice of acceptance into the program.
Payment is due upon notice of acceptence into the program.
Payment is due upon notification of admission.
Payment is due upon notification.
Payment is due upon order confirmation.
Payment is due upon ordering.
Payment is due upon pick-up in the form of cash or check.
Payment is due upon pickup of material.
Payment is due upon pickup.
Payment is due upon print approval.
Payment is due upon publication.
Payment is due upon receipt and can be made via check or credit card.
Payment is due upon receipt by check or money order.
Payment is due upon receipt of a bill or by the date specified on the calendar for each quarter.
Payment is due upon receipt of a statement.
Payment is due upon receipt of agreement.
Payment is due upon receipt of an invoice from the office.
Payment is due upon receipt of application.
Payment is due upon receipt of bill.
Payment is due upon receipt of billing.
Payment is due upon receipt of copy.
Payment is due upon receipt of data.
Payment is due upon receipt of each statement.
Payment is due upon receipt of either a paper invoice or electronic mail invoice.
Payment is due upon receipt of either a paper or E-mail invoice.
Payment is due upon receipt of flowers.
Payment is due upon receipt of goods of such orders.
Payment is due upon receipt of goods, unless prior arrangements have been made.
Payment is due upon receipt of invoice by school.
Payment is due upon receipt of invoice for billed clients.
Payment is due upon receipt of invoice for monthly web service charges.
Payment is due upon receipt of invoice or electronic billing to credit card.
Payment is due upon receipt of invoice.
Payment is due upon receipt of items and invoice.
Payment is due upon receipt of merchandise.
Payment is due upon receipt of notification.
Payment is due upon receipt of order.
Payment is due upon receipt of our invoice.
Payment is due upon receipt of our invoices unless another arrangement has been made.
Payment is due upon receipt of our shipment.
Payment is due upon receipt of services, and satisfaction is guaranteed.
Payment is due upon receipt of services.
Payment is due upon receipt of statement and proof of publication.
Payment is due upon receipt of tearsheet.
Payment is due upon receipt of that invoice.
Payment is due upon receipt of the bill which is left at the house after delivery.
Payment is due upon receipt of the bill.
Payment is due upon receipt of the complete gene with the correct sequence.
Payment is due upon receipt of the e-mail invoice.
Payment is due upon receipt of the invoice unless prior arrangements have been made.
Payment is due upon receipt of the invoice.
Payment is due upon receipt of the materials.
Payment is due upon receipt of the product.
Payment is due upon receipt of the report.
Payment is due upon receipt of the statement.
Payment is due upon receipt of transcripts.
Payment is due upon receipt, honor system, by check.
Payment is due upon receipt.
Payment is due upon reciept of invoice.
Payment is due upon regestrering for each period or sessions .
Payment is due upon registration after the pre-registration period ends.
Payment is due upon registration by check, money order, credit card or cash.
Payment is due upon registration by either visa, mastercard, cheque or cash.
Payment is due upon registration, and is paid by check or money order accompanying the registration.
Payment is due upon registration, by cash, check, credit card or third party purchase order.
Payment is due upon registration.
Payment is due upon request for mailing .
Payment is due upon reservation.
Payment is due upon reservations.
Payment is due upon sign in at the event.
Payment is due upon sign up and is non-refundable.
Payment is due upon signing the contract.
Payment is due upon sign-up.
Payment is due upon submission of the application.
Payment is due upon submission of the portfolio.
Payment is due upon testing.
Payment is due when a bill is received.
Payment is due when ad is placed.
Payment is due when ads are submitted.
Payment is due when bills are presented.
Payment is due when booking the reservation.
Payment is due when chicks are picked up.
Payment is due when clothing arrives.
Payment is due when copy is submitted.
Payment is due when coverage starts or as agreed upon.
Payment is due when indicated on invoice.
Payment is due when invoiced at the time of haul out.
Payment is due when invoiced, with an overdue date specified in the invoice.
Payment is due when order is placed.
Payment is due when orders are made.
Payment is due when permits are picked up.
Payment is due when product is dispensed.
Payment is due when reproductions are received.
Payment is due when reservation is made.
Payment is due when reservations are made, unless other arrangements have been made.
Payment is due when reservations are made.
Payment is due when service is activated.
Payment is due when services are rendered.
Payment is due when servie is rendered.
Payment is due when shirts are picked-up.
Payment is due when the ad is submitted.
Payment is due when the books are delivered.
Payment is due when the copy is made.
Payment is due when the file has been processed.
Payment is due when the invoice is received.
Payment is due when the order is picked up.
Payment is due when the picture is taken.
Payment is due when the pizzas are ordered.
Payment is due when the request for a transcript is made.
Payment is due when the reservation is taken.
Payment is due when the search is completed and the results are received.
Payment is due when the search is completed and the results received.
Payment is due when the wedding or engagement announcement is submitted.
Payment is due when treatment is rendered.
Payment is due when waste is dropped-off at the facility.
Payment is due with acceptance of advertising unless credit has been established.
Payment is due with application.
Payment is due with both display and classified advertising contracts.
Payment is due with camera-ready copy.
Payment is due with copy materials.
Payment is due with course registration.
Payment is due with entries.
Payment is due with order.
Payment is due with registration form.
Payment is due with registration.
Payment is due with request.
Payment is due with return.
Payment is due with the ad.
Payment is due with the application.
Payment is due with the completed entry cards.
Payment is due with the contract.
Payment is due with the placement or the order.
Payment is due with the records.
Payment is due within five business days of phone reservations.
Payment is due within five business days of the date of invoice.
Payment is due within forty-five days of invoice date.
Payment is due within seven days of reservation.
Payment is due within ten days from the date of the citation's issuance.
Payment is due within ten days of the cancelation.
Payment is due within thirty days of the invoice date.
Payment is due within two to three weeks after the bill is prepared.
Payment is due within two weeks of billing .
Payment is due without regard to receipt of an invoice.
Payment is due.
Payment is earlier if applying through a participating financial institution.
Payment is easiest in check or money order form.
Payment is easy and can also be done online.
Payment is easy by cash, check or credit card.
Payment is easy for North America, Australia, New Zealand, UK, Ireland and India.
Payment is easy on our secure server using our payment management system.
Payment is easy too . .
Payment is easy, suing snail mail and check or money order after conferencing.
Payment is easy. too.
Payment is easy.
Payment is Easy.
Payment is effected through secure online shopping facilities.
Payment is either by cheque, credit card or standing order.
Payment is either check or purchase order only.
Payment is electronic for immediate access to funds.
Payment is enclosed.
Payment is entirely optional.
Payment is even simpler.
Payment is every two months.
Payment is excepted at time of delivery of more cards or before.
Payment is fairly simple.
Payment is fast and easy, and completely voluntary.
Payment is fast and easy.
Payment is fast, easy and safe.
Payment is fast, easy and secure.
Payment is figured at one third of the resident's income and it is between the minimum and maximum.
Payment is finalized within two days after the trade is initiated.
Payment is five cents per word.
Payment is for one month in advance.
Payment is for reimbursement of actual out of pocket expense.
Payment is for that month.
Payment is for the heat source including electricity, oil, gas, wood and propane.
Payment is for the incorrect amount.
Payment is for the normal cost of the goods or services.
Payment is generally a lump sum payment that is paid to the owner of the policy.
Payment is generally due during traditional registration.
Payment is generally either a flat fee per colony or a fee based on the number of frames of bees.
Payment is generally in cash but major hotels accept credit cards.
Payment is generated by banners ads posted with each article.
Payment is given directly to the family.
Payment is graduated by paying the first day at twice the per diem amount.
Payment is guaranteed and non-refundable in all other circumstances regardless of attendance.
Payment is guaranteed for life without worries or responsibility.
Payment is guaranteed for the full amount.
Payment is guaranteed till departure date shown on confirmation.
Payment is guaranteed to merchants.
Payment is guaranteed.
Payment is handled by any of several secure online payment services.
Payment is handled by cash or cheque at time of delivery.
Payment is handled by the business department.
Payment is handled electronically and automatically using a credit card.
Payment is handled on a punch card system.
Payment is handled through payroll deduction.
Payment is held in the safe until the trap is returned.
Payment is hourly at the minimum wage.
Payment is immediate and guaranteed.
Payment is immediate and in any desired form.
Payment is immediate.
Payment is in accordance with payment schedules established in the agency's cooperative agreements.
Payment is in addition to straight time pay for the shift.
Payment is in advance and by credit card only.
Payment is in advance by check for newer, less established companies.
Payment is in advance by check.
Payment is in advance by means of check or credit card.
Payment is in advance by purchase order instead of invoice.
Payment is in advance for the period selected.
Payment is in advance of service.
Payment is in advance on a monthly basis.
Payment is in advance.
Payment is in Australian dollars.
Payment is in cash on delivery.
Payment is in cash only.
Payment is in cash terms or approved credit only.
Payment is in cash.
Payment is in contributor' s copies.
Payment is in copies and a pen.
Payment is in copies of the journal.
Payment is in copies of the publication.
Payment is in copies.
Payment is in Euros but there is an easy to use currency converter next to each item.
Payment is in full at time of order placement.
Payment is in full, and in advance on all orders.
Payment is in lieu of vacation and is calculated on a calendar-month basis.
Payment is in local currency or by credit card.
Payment is in order.
Payment is in thanks and glory only .
Payment is in the form of a split of gate receipts.
Payment is in the form of credit which can be applied toward tuition, fees, room and board.
Payment is in the form of money order or personal cheques.
Payment is in the form of money orders or personal cheques.
Payment is in the form of personal or business check only.
Payment is in the form of room and board.
Payment is in the local currency where the booking is made.
Payment is in three month increments.
Payment is in two contributor's copies.
Payment is in two copies of the issue in which the author s work appears.
Payment is in U.S. currency by invoice only.
Payment is in U.S. dollars.
Payment is in U.S. funds.
Payment is in United States Dollars only.
Payment is inclusive from the first to the last day of the current month.
Payment is initiated by the vendor once the items are shipped.
Payment is initiated on date of publication.
Payment is instant.
Payment is issued in one payment at the completion of the work.
Payment is issued monthly.
Payment is issued upon acceptance of the article.
Payment is late after the fifteenth day of the month.
Payment is less when purchasing second rights or simultaneous submissions.
Payment is limited to charges for moving household goods.
Payment is limited to round-trip fare to the meeting location.
Payment is limited to the actual expenses up to the policy limit for each person injured.
Payment is limited to the actual expenses up to the policy limit less a deductible.
Payment is limited to the amount allotted for intraoperative services only.
Payment is limited to the cost of moving ordinary and customary personal and household effects.
Payment is linked through service credits to specified measures of performance.
Payment is lodged electronically in their bank accounts the next night.
Payment is made according to our rate schedule outlined in our terms and conditions .
Payment is made according to the birthday rule adopted by most insurance carriers.
Payment is made according to the odds at the time of placing a bet.
Payment is made after completion of the assignment.
Payment is made after grades are submitted.
Payment is made after pricing is established.
Payment is made after publication.
Payment is made after the banks are closed.
Payment is made after the documents have met the approval of all parties.
Payment is made after the government accepts delivery.
Payment is made after the user selects articles from remote databases.
Payment is made against invoice.
Payment is made and the patient is given an outline of the procedure.
Payment is made and the project is delivered.
Payment is made as each course is taken.
Payment is made as in any other real estate transaction.
Payment is made at a later pre-arranged time.
Payment is made at check in.
Payment is made at check-in.
Payment is made at closing, when all documents have been signed and recorded.
Payment is made at each course location and includes shared cart and range balls.
Payment is made at each course location and includes shared cart.
Payment is made at our store when departing, so there are no internet credit card transactions.
Payment is made at that time.
Payment is made at the beginning of each Peer Training class.
Payment is made at the boat prior to departure.
Payment is made at the cashier at the end of the serving line.
Payment is made at the circulation desk.
Payment is made at the door.
Payment is made at the employee s base salary rate at time of termination.
Payment is made at the employee's last rate of pay by the agency from which the employee separates.
Payment is made at the end of each month and is sent directly to the veteran.
Payment is made at the end of each year.
Payment is made at the end of the charter, via check or cash.
Payment is made at the locker by using cash or credit card.
Payment is made at the registration table at the meeting.
Payment is made at the rental office.
Payment is made at the show.
Payment is made at the time an order is placed.
Payment is made at the time of enrollment.
Payment is made at the time of ordering.
Payment is made at the time of registration.
Payment is made at the time of service.
Payment is made at the time of the appointment.
Payment is made at the time of the order.
Payment is made at the time of the visit.
Payment is made at the time the permit is issued.
Payment is made at time of delivery.
Payment is made at time of publication.
Payment is made at time of request.
Payment is made based on the bid and amount of risk that the program anticipates.
Payment is made bi-weekly.
Payment is made by a vassal to the superior.
Payment is made by an insurance carrier.
Payment is made by cash or check.
Payment is made by cash or local check at the time of delivery.
Payment is made by check for all dial-up accounts.
Payment is made by check mailed to the reserve upon confirmation.
Payment is made by check or direct deposit after determining applicant eligibility.
Payment is made by check, and the auctioneer ships the purchased items for a fixed fee.
Payment is made by check, money order, or credit card.
Payment is made by cheque or electronic funds transfer to our bank account.
Payment is made by clicking on the logo.
Payment is made by client directly to vendor.
Payment is made by credit card and received by wire or check.
Payment is made by credit card before the service is given.
Payment is made by credit card or by setting up an account with a service provider.
Payment is made by credit card using a secure link for security purposes.
Payment is made by credit card via a secure channel.
Payment is made by credit card.
Payment is made by customers before food is consumed.
Payment is made by each individual employee.
Payment is made by each individual merchant.
Payment is made by each person at the end of the trip directly to the captain.
Payment is made by either purchasing the entire package or paying a set registration fee.
Payment is made by monthly or weekly payroll deduction or through approved prepayment.
Payment is made by payroll deduction.
Payment is made by purchasing the course materials.
Payment is made by secure credit card transaction.
Payment is made by taking credit card information.
Payment is made by the county around the first day of following month.
Payment is made by the employer or insurer.
Payment is made by the guest direct to the taxi driver.
Payment is made by the hour, week or month.
Payment is made by the sponsoring group.
Payment is made by the user, or by the broker on the user's behalf.
Payment is made by way of two-party check to the client and provider.
Payment is made contingent on an improvement.
Payment is made despite the lack of legal liability.
Payment is made direct to the club.
Payment is made direct to the ship before disembarkation.
Payment is made directly by the ordering entity.
Payment is made directly to families upon arrival.
Payment is made directly to the awardees in two installments.
Payment is made directly to the college or university financial officer.
Payment is made directly to the college.
Payment is made directly to the company.
Payment is made directly to the contractor by the individual requiring such service.
Payment is made directly to the contractor upon completion of work.
Payment is made directly to the creditor.
Payment is made directly to the funeral director.
Payment is made directly to the host on a monthly basis.
Payment is made directly to the hotel on the weekend of the convention.
Payment is made directly to the institution in which the child is enrolled.
Payment is made directly to the insurance company.
Payment is made directly to the owner by check.
Payment is made directly to the owner by personal check.
Payment is made directly to the owner by traveler's check or cash.
Payment is made directly to the photographer.
Payment is made directly to the resort.
Payment is made each week in advance.
Payment is made electronically using a credit card or personal check.
Payment is made electronically.
Payment is made every two months.
Payment is made every two weeks at minimum wage.
Payment is made every two weeks.
Payment is made for any outstanding annual leave accrued.
Payment is made for only one wheelchair at a time.
Payment is made for the practitioner's total time in the facility.
Payment is made for the use of the server, so no capital outlay for PC software is required.
Payment is made for treatment and services at the time of the service.
Payment is made four weeks after publication.
Payment is made from budgeted monies, if available.
Payment is made from budgeted monies.
Payment is made from proceeds from the sale.
Payment is made from the bank to the biller.
Payment is made half upon acceptance of the completed manuscript, and half upon publication.
Payment is made half-termly or termly.
Payment is made in a monthly payment on the last working day of the month.
Payment is made in accordance with State policy.
Payment is made in advance and for one month at a time.
Payment is made in advance by credit card or check.
Payment is made in advance by month, accepts food stamps.
Payment is made in advance by purchasing a punch card prior to or on the morning of camp.
Payment is made in advance of ad being placed.
Payment is made in advance of research by credit card, personal check or money order.
Payment is made in advance of the consultation.
Payment is made in advance of the work being shipped.
Payment is made in advance with a credit card.
Payment is made in advance, except for usage over a customer's allotted time for the previous month.
Payment is made in advance.
Payment is made in an encrypted environment.
Payment is made in cash except when credit cards are accepted.
Payment is made in cash to the girl upon arrival.
Payment is made in cash when getting off public transport.
Payment is made in cash.
Payment is made in equal monthly installments.
Payment is made in exchange for a cheque which is sent by the issuing office.
Payment is made in exchange for a cheque which is sent by the orderer.
Payment is made in four installments.
Payment is made in full the first day of class.
Payment is made in gold.
Payment is made in instalments at regular intervals.
Payment is made in one lump sum for the full block.
Payment is made in quarters only - no change is available.
Payment is made in regular instalments.
Payment is made in Russian roubles.
Payment is made in the form of a check and is made out to the Administrative Contact for the artist.
Payment is made in the form of a small grant rather than a loan.
Payment is made in the library.
Payment is made in the same manner as for regular employees.
Payment is made in the same way as tuition fees are paid.
Payment is made in two installments.
Payment is made in U.S. dollars.
Payment is made monthly and calculated per audit which varies per account.
Payment is made monthly by credit card or pre-paid.
Payment is made monthly on the basis of reasonable estimates.
Payment is made monthly.
Payment is made on a cost per copy basis.
Payment is made on a cost reimbursable basis after the work is completed.
Payment is made on a cost- reimbursable basis after the work is completed.
Payment is made on a per child, per day basis.
Payment is made on a per class basis.
Payment is made on a reasonable cost basis.
Payment is made on a weekly basis.
Payment is made on delivery.
Payment is made on diagnosis of the condition.
Payment is made on publication with the exception of our download site.
Payment is made on publication.
Payment is made on some form of fixed-price basis.
Payment is made on the count from the preceding year.
Payment is made on the day of the workshop.
Payment is made on the exact day it is due.
Payment is made on the first lesson of each month for the entire month.
Payment is made on the same basis as charges prescribed by law for city elections.
Payment is made once the article is published.
Payment is made one month after publication.
Payment is made online and can only be made via credit card or debit card.
Payment is made online and deducted from digital funds available.
Payment is made online by credit card with a secure transaction.
Payment is made online by credit card.
Payment is made on-line by providing credit card information.
Payment is made online.
Payment is made only after the industry partner completes a pre-determined milestone.
Payment is made only after the original copies have been sold and a re-order is placed.
Payment is made only after the service is completed.
Payment is made only as timber is cut and transported.
Payment is made only by secure on-line credit card processing.
Payment is made only for children in care.
Payment is made only for the actual number of hours of participation.
Payment is made only upon publication.
Payment is made only upon the completion of services, although paying a deposit is possible.
Payment is made over a secure server.
Payment is made over two years.
Payment is made permanently and in cash.
Payment is made prior to delivery.
Payment is made prior to initial search engine placement.
Payment is made prior to the pickup during the registration periods.
Payment is made prior to use.
Payment is made quarterly according to the number of students for each quarter.
Payment is made quarterly.
Payment is made regardless of who is at fault.
Payment is made separately, via mail, phone or fax.
Payment is made shortly after the election.
Payment is made solely on the ratio of referrals from the primary care physician.
Payment is made the very next week.
Payment is made thirty days after publication of the magazine.
Payment is made thirty days after the date of the sale.
Payment is made through a combination of cash, free copies, and complimentary subscription.
Payment is made through a meter system and visitors are also welcome to club nights most evenings.
Payment is made through a secure server.
Payment is made through advance cheques.
Payment is made through payroll deduction.
Payment is made through the UR payroll every other week.
Payment is made through the use of photocopy cards which are obtained from library locations.
Payment is made to owner at a specified rate for each unit of volume harvested.
Payment is made to participating organizations on a monthly basis.
Payment is made to student.
Payment is made to students undertaking the scheme.
Payment is made to the carrier only when money is received in the liability account.
Payment is made to the central booking office, rather than to the hosts.
Payment is made to the chapter treasurer.
Payment is made to the conductor, who usually wears a bright blue apron.
Payment is made to the contractor that the researcher selects.
Payment is made to the employee on the following month's payroll check.
Payment is made to the insurance company.
Payment is made to the landowner.
Payment is made to the parent for the participation of the child.
Payment is made to the payee upon satisfactory identification being provided.
Payment is made to the race director monthly for all funds collected.
Payment is made to the retailer through a settlement process at the end of the business day.
Payment is made to the retiree for life.
Payment is made to the university as a tuition credit by the foundation.
Payment is made to the vendor in the month the manufacturer uses the barrels in production.
Payment is made twice a month.
Payment is made twice yearly based on the number of subjects undertaken per half-year.
Payment is made typically via the team captian or through the treasurer of the council.
Payment is made up front for the puppy's shots.
Payment is made upon a ticket collection in cash or by credit card.
Payment is made upon acceptance of manuscript.
Payment is made upon acceptance, after the final edit, which usually takes a week.
Payment is made upon acceptance.
Payment is made upon arrival at the classroom the first night of each course.
Payment is made upon arrival of the materials.
Payment is made upon publication unless other arrangements are made in advance.
Payment is made upon publication.
Payment is made upon return of the book.
Payment is made upon verification of finalization.
Payment is made using a major credit card.
Payment is made using a photocopy card.
Payment is made using a purchasing card or paper invoice.
Payment is made using credit card.
Payment is made using the Uniprint system.
Payment is made via a secure server.
Payment is made via credit card only.
Payment is made via credit card through the website.
Payment is made via credit card, check, money order.
Payment is made via individual credit card or institution account.
Payment is made via personal credit card.
Payment is made via the new vendacard system.
Payment is made weekly by cheque.
Payment is made when a commercial invoice is provided by the seller.
Payment is made when a referred visitor makes a purchase.
Payment is made when order is placed.
Payment is made when regalia is picked up.
Payment is made when the content is sold.
Payment is made when the final content of an issue is determined.
Payment is made when the household has been delivered by cash, chasier's check or credit card.
Payment is made when the plants are picked up.
Payment is made with goods and effects.
Payment is made within thirty days of final acceptance.
Payment is made, once a season, to a heat supplier to help with heat bills.
Payment is made.
Payment is mailed by check in U.S. dollars.
Payment is meant to keep what one has earned.
Payment is money orders or paypal only.
Payment is money orders or paypal.
Payment is monthly and in advance.
Payment is monthly and is usually defined on a per head per day basis only.
Payment is monthly by check with no minimum.
Payment is monthly on all commissions earned in the previous month.
Payment is monthly, by cheque.
Payment is monthly.
Payment is more secure - there is no check to get lost.
Payment is necessary before registration is complete.
Payment is necessary to maintain student immigration status.
Payment is necessary to reserve space in the classes and payment is non-refundable.
Payment is needed to guarantee dinners.
Payment is needed when order is placed.
Payment is negotiable and made on publication.
Payment is negotiable and rendered upon publication.
Payment is negotiable depending on the experience of the tutor.
Payment is negotiable.
Payment is negotiated directly between the tutor and the student.
Payment is negotiated on a case by case basis.
Payment is negotiated on a per story basis.
Payment is negotiated on an individual basis.
Payment is negotiated.
Payment is never for copies of the material.
Payment is nice, but they're satisfied with a few copies of a magazine to give family members.
Payment is non refundable unless a qualified replacement is found.
Payment is non refundable.
Payment is non-refunable.
Payment is non-refundable after booking is made.
Payment is non-refundable once production is initiated.
Payment is non-refundable thereafter.
Payment is non-refundable.
Payment is nonrefundable.
Payment is normally due at the time of registration.
Payment is normally due in advance of each term.
Payment is normally through a billing or deposit account.
Payment is normally via credit card.
Payment is now due at the time of registration via credit card.
Payment is now due.
Payment is offered.
Payment is often late and less than the legal minimum wage.
Payment is on a bi-weekly basis.
Payment is on a cash-only basis.
Payment is on a cost-reimbursable basis.
Payment is on a per item basis.
Payment is on a per-credit basis and is due at the time of registration.
Payment is on a sliding scale according to income.
Payment is on a sliding scale.
Payment is on acceptance for publication.
Payment is on acceptance.
Payment is on arrival by credit card.
Payment is on credit card via fax or email.
Payment is on invoice and terms are usually seven days or subject to negotiation.
Payment is on publication, and frankly, it's pretty low.
Payment is on publication.
Payment is on the basis of guaranteed hits.
Payment is on the honor system . . .
Payment is on the honor system most of the time.
Payment is on the way.
Payment is once a month.
Payment is once a year and is non- refundable.
Payment is one contributor's copy only.
Payment is one contributor's copy upon publication.
Payment is one contributor's copy.
Payment is 'one contributor's copy'.
Payment is one copy of the issue in which the piece appears.
Payment is one copy of the issue in which the work appears.
Payment is one copy on publication.
Payment is one copy.
Payment is one hardcopy of the magazine.
Payment is one month before pub date.
Payment is on-line on a secure server and all major credit cards are accepted.
Payment is online via credit card.
Payment is only by check or money order.
Payment is only one of the motivations of writers and many are never paid for their work.
Payment is only payable after the visa has been confirmed.
Payment is only possible via credit card.
Payment is on-time as long as submission is made by the due date.
Payment is open to negotiation with the author's publisher or agent.
Payment is ordered by the judge at the time of sentencing.
Payment is paid in advance one a year.
Payment is partially tax deductible, and the proceeds go to the organization.
Payment is per console impression.
Payment is per contract terms or through an outside credit card company.
Payment is per meeting covered.
Payment is personal check only, please.
Payment is possible because of the use of the smart card.
Payment is possible by check in French francs or credit card.
Payment is possible by cheque, credit card or debit card.
Payment is possible by credit card or direct deposit.
Payment is possible by credit card, by check or by transfer.
Payment is possible Cash.
Payment is possible in any currency.
Payment is preferred by credit card.
Payment is preferred by sterling cheque.
Payment is preferred in cash, traveler check, or credit card for the balance of stay.
Payment is preferred in traveler's cheques.
Payment is preferred to be by Sterling cheque drawn on a UK bank.
Payment is presently by check or money order.
Payment is processed either by completion and submission of time sheets or through autopay.
Payment is processed through a selected payment system.
Payment is pro-rated based on the date of enrollment.
Payment is provided for poll workers and rental of facilities.
Payment is provided upon publication.
Payment is provided.
Payment is quarterly by check.
Payment is quarterly.
Payment is quick and easy.
Payment is realized in the form of a credit toward tuition costs.
Payment is received by various methods.
Payment is received for the volume of trees removed.
Payment is received immediately and it is completely safe.
Payment is received in advance before the Ad goes on-line.
Payment is received in joy.
Payment is received the day of the lesson.
Payment is recommended.
Payment is reflected in the remaining documents of the file.
Payment is refundable if program is cancelled.
Payment is refundable until the deadline noted above.
Payment is refused or delayed as a result.
Payment is released in order of the auctions.
Payment is released to the seller with escrow fees and transfer costs deducted, if applicable.
Payment is released to the student upon verification of an approved class schedule.
Payment is rendered promptly upon completion of assignment.
Payment is rendered upon publication.
Payment is requested after the marker is ordered.
Payment is requested as work progresses.
Payment is requested at check-in time.
Payment is requested at check-in.
Payment is requested at the time of acceptance.
Payment is requested at the time of each visit.
Payment is requested at the time of purchase.
Payment is requested at the time of registration.
Payment is requested at the time of service.
Payment is requested at the time of the inspection.
Payment is requested at the time of the search and all payments are receipted.
Payment is requested at the time services are provided.
Payment is requested at the time services are rendered.
Payment is requested at the time the inspection report is supplied to our client.
Payment is requested at time of registration.
Payment is requested at time of visit.
Payment is requested before services rendered.
Payment is requested by cash or check only.
Payment is requested by the fourth week of the simulation.
Payment is requested for missed appointments before scheduling again.
Payment is requested for missed appointments before scheduling further appointments.
Payment is requested for office services at the time they are rendered.
Payment is requested in advance by cheque or by credit card.
Payment is requested in advance.
Payment is requested in U.S. currency.
Payment is requested in U.S. funds payable through a U.S. bank or by credit card.
Payment is requested on arrival unless prior arrangements have been made.
Payment is requested on the day of service.
Payment is requested one to two weeks prior to each semester.
Payment is requested prior to session.
Payment is requested prior to the time of physical evaluation.
Payment is requested the day of registration or within three working days after registration.
Payment is requested up front but the job never gets finished.
Payment is requested upon receipt of the bill.
Payment is requested with application.
Payment is requested with the placement of each order.
Payment is requested within five days of registration.
Payment is required a the time of registration.
Payment is required a week before the course date.
Payment is required according to the plan selected at registration.
Payment is required as prescribed in the special terms and conditions available for each sale.
Payment is required at check-in.
Payment is required at enrollment.
Payment is required at least one week in advance and can be made by check or charge card.
Payment is required at least one week in advance.
Payment is required at least one week prior to the first day of class.
Payment is required at pick-up.
Payment is required at that time through the final date of withdrawal.
Payment is required at that time.
Payment is required at the beginning of the month for the month covered.
Payment is required at the beginning of the presentation.
Payment is required at the beginning of the program.
Payment is required at the beginnng of each stage of work.
Payment is required at the end of the bridge term.
Payment is required at the finish.
Payment is required at the time advertising copy is submitted.
Payment is required at the time appointment is made.
Payment is required at the time of all screenings.
Payment is required at the time of application.
Payment is required at the time of booking.
Payment is required at the time of course registration.
Payment is required at the time of each office visit or prescription fill.
Payment is required at the time of each visit by cash, check or credit card.
Payment is required at the time of each visit.
Payment is required at the time of employment processing.
Payment is required at the time of enrollment.
Payment is required at the time of faxing.
Payment is required at the time of import declaration.
Payment is required at the time of order.
Payment is required at the time of ordering career services.
Payment is required at the time of ordering.
Payment is required at the time of pickup.
Payment is required at the time of registration by credit card.
Payment is required at the time of registration for ALL students.
Payment is required at the time of registration.
Payment is required at the time of request.
Payment is required at the time of reservations.
Payment is required at the time of service for patients without health insurance.
Payment is required at the time of service rendered .
Payment is required at the time of service.
Payment is required at the time of services.
Payment is required at the time of the consultation.
Payment is required at the time of the loss.
Payment is required at the time of the reading.
Payment is required at the time of the request.
Payment is required at the time of the reservation.
Payment is required at the time of treatment for patients treated in student clinics.
Payment is required at the time of treatment with cash or credit card.
Payment is required at the time of visit.
Payment is required at the time services are performed.
Payment is required at the time services are rendered.
Payment is required at the time the appointment is made.
Payment is required at the time the form is handed in.
Payment is required at the time the order is placed.
Payment is required at the time the permit tag is issued.
Payment is required at time of booking.
Payment is required at time of order.
Payment is required at time of purchase.
Payment is required at time of registration.
Payment is required at time of request.
Payment is required at time of reservation.
Payment is required at time of service.
Payment is required at time of sign up.
Payment is required at time of submission.
Payment is required before a classified is run.
Payment is required before a mailing is done or labels are provided.
Payment is required before a report is shipped.
Payment is required before all deliveries.
Payment is required before any course materials are released.
Payment is required before any products are dispatched.
Payment is required before any registration can be processed.
Payment is required before articles can be supplied.
Payment is required before despatch and after confirmation of total costs.
Payment is required before final files are released.
Payment is required before labels or diskettes are mailed.
Payment is required before mailed or faxed registrations are processed.
Payment is required before materials can be shipped.
Payment is required before order is shipped.
Payment is required before participants can be considered enrolled.
Payment is required before photocopies are despatched.
Payment is required before registration deadline.
Payment is required before search results can be given.
Payment is required before services are rendered.
Payment is required before services can be provided.
Payment is required before shipment can be made.
Payment is required before shipment.
Payment is required before shipping.
Payment is required before the books are shipped.
Payment is required before the child is accepted.
Payment is required before the class begins.
Payment is required before the class date or telephone training date.
Payment is required before the conference papers can be shipped.
Payment is required before the end of the semester.
Payment is required before the event.
Payment is required before the first class begins.
Payment is required before the first session as the course is self funding.
Payment is required before the information can be picked up or delivered.
Payment is required before the meeting occurs.
Payment is required before the subscription starts.
Payment is required before the tapes are shipped.
Payment is required before the workshop.
Payment is required by cash, check, or money order.
Payment is required by cash, cheque or credit card.
Payment is required by check or money order , made payable to Treasurer State of Ohio.
Payment is required by credit card at the time services are retained.
Payment is required by personal check, cash or traveler's checks.
Payment is required by the first class.
Payment is required by the space reservation deadline of the section.
Payment is required first day of class.
Payment is required for admission to the test.
Payment is required for all charged publications.
Payment is required for all classes.
Payment is required for all courses.
Payment is required for all days in the school year even if the child is absent.
Payment is required for all services before printing.
Payment is required for at least four sessions.
Payment is required for certain courses.
Payment is required for commercial use.
Payment is required for document retrieval.
Payment is required for each attempt on any placement test.
Payment is required for entire time of reservation.
Payment is required for exam to be graded.
Payment is required for lost or damaged books.
Payment is required for pregnancy tests for self-pay patients at the time of service.
Payment is required for pre-registration, which is revised every year.
Payment is required for reservations cancelled after that date.
Payment is required for students outside the United States.
Payment is required for the day upon pick-up in the morning.
Payment is required for the full week.
Payment is required for the optional conference dinner.
Payment is required for the possession of the permit regardless of usage.
Payment is required for trail use.
Payment is required for trunks to be shipped.
Payment is required four to six weeks before the performance.
Payment is required four weeks before the arrival date.
Payment is required from all users.
Payment is required immediately to reserve a place in the workshop.
Payment is required in advance .
Payment is required in advance before campaigns are scheduled.
Payment is required in advance by check, money order or credit card.
Payment is required in advance by check, money order, wire transfer or credit card.
Payment is required in advance by check, money order,or credit card.
Payment is required in advance by either credit card, check or purchase order.
Payment is required in advance by non-members for all services.
Payment is required in advance for all advertisers.
Payment is required in advance for custom and special patterns.
Payment is required in advance for new accounts.
Payment is required in advance for one full year.
Payment is required in advance of filling any photography order.
Payment is required in advance of service, unless otherwise agreed.
Payment is required in advance of service.
Payment is required in advance of shipment.
Payment is required in advance of the program.
Payment is required in advance of the publication date.
Payment is required in advance of the search.
Payment is required in advance or on uplift of merchandise or tickets.
Payment is required in advance or when order is picked up.
Payment is required in advance via check or credit card.
Payment is required in advance without purchase order.
Payment is required in advance.
Payment is required in advanced.
Payment is required in full at the time of registration.
Payment is required in full at the time the regalia package is purchased.
Payment is required in full before the job opportunity is posted.
Payment is required in full before the order is processed.
Payment is required in full by the end of the first day of class.
Payment is required in full following each visit.
Payment is required in full for an article reprint before production can begin.
Payment is required in full for any withdrawals after the refund policy.
Payment is required in full on reservation.
Payment is required in full prior to or at the beginning of the course.
Payment is required in full prior to picking up equipment.
Payment is required in full prior to shipping unless previous credit established.
Payment is required in full prior to supply.
Payment is required in full to reserve a space.
Payment is required in full upon booking.
Payment is required in full upon enrollment.
Payment is required in full upon placement of the order.
Payment is required in full, in Australian dollars, prior to the commencement of the event.
Payment is required in U.S. dollars.
Payment is required in United States dollars.
Payment is required monthly as the course is self-funding.
Payment is required mostly by cash or bank cheque.
Payment is required no later than one-week prior to event.
Payment is required of all full-time matriculated undergraduate students.
Payment is required on a regular basis.
Payment is required on a yearly basis.
Payment is required on all orders.
Payment is required on or before the account activation date each month.
Payment is required on receipt of Invoice.
Payment is required on the day of the service.
Payment is required on the initial visit of each series of appointments.
Payment is required one month prior to the reservation.
Payment is required one week in advance.
Payment is required only after an application has been approved.
Payment is required only if services are requested.
Payment is required prior to commencement of course.
Payment is required prior to copying.
Payment is required prior to course attendance and within three days of registration.
Payment is required prior to display of the banner.
Payment is required prior to download or shipment.
Payment is required prior to or upon completion of the inspection.
Payment is required prior to pickup.
Payment is required prior to publishing.
Payment is required prior to registering for classroom training.
Payment is required prior to release of all photographic material.
Payment is required prior to restoring service.
Payment is required prior to shipment.
Payment is required prior to shipping.
Payment is required prior to sitting for the test on the day the test is taken.
Payment is required prior to the due date.
Payment is required prior to the event to confirm the reservation.
Payment is required prior to the first day of instruction.
Payment is required prior to ticket purchase.
Payment is required prior to treatment.
Payment is required three weeks in advance of the workshop.
Payment is required three weeks prior to date of visit.
Payment is required to be made in advance on first trades following acceptance of documentation.
Payment is required to be made in advance on first trades.
Payment is required to be made unless otherwise agreed to in writing by both parties.
Payment is required to confirm registration.
Payment is required to enter contests or sweepstakes.
Payment is required to get the information.
Payment is required to register.
Payment is required to reserve a place in the class.
Payment is required to validate registration.
Payment is required together with the full registration fee for participants.
Payment is required together with the full Registration Fee for participants.
Payment is required two weeks before the party.
Payment is required up front.
Payment is required upfront and there are no discounts.
Payment is required upfront on all purchases.
Payment is required upon approval at the rate charged a regularly enrolled in-state student.
Payment is required upon arrival.
Payment is required upon confirmation of the service requested.
Payment is required upon entering the park.
Payment is required upon exiting the lot.
Payment is required upon receipt of invoice.
Payment is required upon receipt of material.
Payment is required upon receipt of registration package.
Payment is required upon receipt of the invoice.
Payment is required upon registration and is non-transferable.
Payment is required upon registration.
Payment is required upon submission of the advertisement.
Payment is required weekly in advance.
Payment is required when making reservations.
Payment is required when material is received.
Payment is required when orders are placed.
Payment is required when reservations are made to cover the cost of the materials and shipping.
Payment is required when submitting request.
Payment is required when the application is submitted.
Payment is required when the copy is purchased.
Payment is required when the material is picked up, by check made out to the supplying institution.
Payment is required when the order is placed.
Payment is required with ad copy.
Payment is required with all orders.
Payment is required with application.
Payment is required with booking.
Payment is required with each order.
Payment is required with insertion order .
Payment is required with order confirmation.
Payment is required with order or contract from new advertisers.
Payment is required with order.
Payment is required with registration .
Payment is required with registration forms.
Payment is required with registration to secure a date.
Payment is required with registration.
Payment is required with reservation.
Payment is required with sample submission.
Payment is required with the completed application form.
Payment is required with the order.
Payment is required with the request for replacement.
Payment is required within one week of the effective date , and excludes any usage charges incurred.
Payment is required within thirty days of shipping date.
Payment is required within thirty days.
Payment is required, either by credit card or check at the time the reservation is made.
Payment is required.
Payment is retroactive.
Payment is scaled to story length and subject matter.
Payment is scheduled after a signed donee agreement is received.
Payment is sent by mail and received for the early discount.
Payment is sent directly to the loan holder or the educational institution.
Payment is sent directly to the photographer, via accepted forms of payment.
Payment is sent in by ordinary mail.
Payment is sent upon publication.
Payment is sent upon receipt of the invoice.
Payment is separate from Admission check.
Payment is SFr.
Payment is simple since the products are of a lower price range.
Payment is strictly check with order.
Payment is strictly honor system based.
Payment is strictly in advance.
Payment is strictly on arrival.
Payment is strictly on the honor system.
Payment is strictly voluntary.
Payment is subject to any grant conditions being fulfilled.
Payment is subject to compliance.
Payment is subject to rental reimbursement coverage limits.
Payment is subject to satisfactory academic achievement.
Payment is subject to satisfactory progress reports.
Payment is subject to the applicable limit of liability for indemnity.
Payment is subsequent to publication.
Payment is substantially higher or lower than payment for that service by other payers.
Payment is taken at that time.
Payment is taken online for a variety of credit cards.
Payment is taken online using a recognised credit card.
Payment is tax deductible.
Payment is taxable and indexed annually.
Payment is the advertisers responsibility.
Payment is the captive student audience, which costs taxpayers money.
Payment is the patient's responsibility.
Payment is the process by which funds are transfered in support of a purchase.
Payment is the responsibility of the consultant.
Payment is the reward for hard work.
Payment is the same as for a credit class.
Payment is then due at the conclusion of a semester.
Payment is then due upon receipt of the invoice.
Payment is three copies of the journal.
Payment is three-five cents per word, upon publication.
Payment is through a guaranteed secure system.
Payment is through annual membership fees agreed in advance.
Payment is through monthly payroll deduction.
Payment is through the harbor of Memphis.
Payment is tied to duration of each visit and type of protocol.
Payment is timely and questions are always answered quickly.
Payment is timely when received by the due date on the first invoice received.
Payment is timely when received by the due date on the statement.
Payment is to a health care delivery system.
Payment is to accompany all orders.
Payment is to be applied toward payment of tuition and fees.
Payment is to be by cash or check only.
Payment is to be by certified check.
Payment is to be by money-order.
Payment is to be completed within a three-year period.
Payment is to be done after the registration is confirmed.
Payment is to be forwarded separately by mail or bank transfer.
Payment is to be in cash only.
Payment is to be in U.S. dollars.
Payment is to be made according to work done.
Payment is to be made after successful completion of such courses.
Payment is to be made as described on the order form unless otherwise accepted by the company.
Payment is to be made at commencement of hire by either cash, travelers' cheques or credit card.
Payment is to be made at commencement of hire by either cash, travellers' cheques or credit card.
Payment is to be made at registration.
Payment is to be made at the Adult Circulation Desk when picking up print jobs.
Payment is to be made at the registration desk on the luncheon day.
Payment is to be made at the time of purchase.
Payment is to be made at the time of request.
Payment is to be made automatically each month by the garnishee to all such judgment creditors.
Payment is to be made before any ad goes live.
Payment is to be made before time of submission.
Payment is to be made by advance demand draft.
Payment is to be made by bank-guaranteed check, travelers check or cash notes.
Payment is to be made by check or money order prior to the beginning of each session.
Payment is to be made by check or money order, payable to the supplier, upon receipt of the order.
Payment is to be made by check, money order or cashier s check in U.S. funds drawn on a U.S. bank.
Payment is to be made by check, money order, or bank transfer prior to the beginning of the courses.
Payment is to be made by credit card.
Payment is to be made by Money order only.
Payment is to be made by money order or cashiers check.
Payment is to be made by money order or cashier's check.
Payment is to be made directly and personally to the hotel on checking out.
Payment is to be made directly in the hotel.
Payment is to be made directly to the hotel upon departure.
Payment is to be made directly to the place of lodging for room and meals.
Payment is to be made in advance for a period of three months.
Payment is to be made in advance for services.
Payment is to be made in advance.
Payment is to be made in advanced by check, credit card or cash to hold reservation.
Payment is to be made in cash at the conference site.
Payment is to be made in cash only.
Payment is to be made in cash or by banktransfer before loading.
Payment is to be made in euro.
Payment is to be made in full at time of registration.
Payment is to be made in full before delivery.
Payment is to be made in full prior to the start of any procedure.
Payment is to be made in the form of cash.
Payment is to be made in the form of check or money order.
Payment is to be made in U.S. dollars.
Payment is to be made in U.S. funds drawn through a U.S. bank.
Payment is to be made in U.S. funds only after being invoiced.
Payment is to be made in U.S. funds.
Payment is to be made in United States Dollars.
Payment is to be made on a monthly basis according to bills by the institute.
Payment is to be made on arrival.
Payment is to be made on invoice for development work.
Payment is to be made on the first day of each module.
Payment is to be made only by guest making reservation, no separate checks, please.
Payment is to be made prior to consultation.
Payment is to be made prior to registration.
Payment is to be made prior to release of registration materials.
Payment is to be made through a check, draft, or other negotiable instrument.
Payment is to be made to one or the other of the accounts indicated above.
Payment is to be made to the clerk of the court for remittance to the proper party.
Payment is to be made to the clerk of the family court for remittance to the proper party.
Payment is to be made to the instructor within the first week of the term.
Payment is to be made to the taxi driver at the start of the trip.
Payment is to be made upon receipt of equipment by lessee.
Payment is to be made upon receipt of the statement.
Payment is to be made when services ar performed.
Payment is to be made with the registration.
Payment is to be paid to the librarian.
Payment is to be received at our remittance address by the due date specified on the statement.
Payment is to be received prior to or on delivery.
Payment is to be submitted when transcripts are requested.
Payment is to the end of the current calendar year in advance.
Payment is treated as cash.
Payment is two contributor's copies.
Payment is two dollars e-gold, upon publication.
Payment is U.S. dollars only.
Payment is UK sterling only.
Payment is undertaken by switch or delta.
Payment is upon acceptance and completion of the story.
Payment is upon acceptance, unless other arrangements have been made.
Payment is upon acceptance.
Payment is upon completion.
Payment is upon leaving for convalescent residents.
Payment is upon publication .
Payment is upon publication, unless other arrangements have been agreed upon.
Payment is upon publication, whether that is in the internet edition or the print edition.
Payment is upon publication.
Payment is usually by cheque.
Payment is usually due and payable at the time of inspection.
Payment is usually due at the time of the appointment unless arrangements are made to the contrary.
Payment is usually in hard currency.
Payment is usually in Malaysian ringgit.
Payment is usually on a month to month rental plan.
Payment is usually on a per acre basis.
Payment is usually slow and information on unsold issues is slow or non-existent.
Payment is usually within three to four weeks of publication.
Payment is usually within two weeks of acceptance.
Payment is verified by the signature of the business officer on the application.
Payment is verified through credit card agencies that maintain records of transactions.
Payment is very simple.
Payment is via check, money order or bank transfer only.
Payment is via credit card on a secure site.
Payment is via credit card online.
Payment is via credit card only .
Payment is via credit card only.
Payment is via credit card.
Payment is via major credit card only.
Payment is via money order only .
Payment is via our secure online store.
Payment is via U.S. Dollar check or money order, see shipping charges below at bottom.
Payment is voluntary.
Payment is week to week, as is attendance.
Payment is well-organised.
Payment is when a check is sent to the vendor upon receipt of goods or services.
Payment is with cash, travelers checks, or personal checks.
Payment is, naturally, of utmost importance to the small and women-owned company.
Payment isa expenditure.
Payment leave within all discounts either steal channel drains.
Payment listen Way past an check around a fifty.
Payment looks good now, but study the increase especially first timers.
Payment made by check, money order or travelers check.
Payment made by the job generally indicates that the worker is an independent contractor.
Payment Make the purchasing process as easy as possible.
Payment means the transfer of money.
Payment needs to be in cash, money order, or bank check only.
Payment needs to be included with the request.
Payment needs to be made before the musicians play.
Payment needs to be made in full at the registration desk in order to gain access to the workshop.
Payment needs to be made in the form of an international bank cheque OR by credit card.
Payment occurs at the end of a given month.
Payment occurs during registration.
Payment occurs twice each term.
Payment occurs when the contract is purchased and is based on a discounted hourly category.
Payment online is with credit card.
Payment Pay all fees before starting construction to avoid delays in service.
Payment plans A One full payment.
Payment plans ar e available under certain circumstances.
Payment plans Each plan carries different service charge.
Payment Plans Our support services include flexible payment plans and other payment options.
Payment provides access to student services and activities.
Payment reflects the previous weeks collections.
Payment remains due.
Payment remains the same regardless of number of eligible dependents covered.
Payment remove among some goat also swum golfclub maker.
Payment requires a way to get funds from one bank to another.
Payment reserves a space in available classes.
Payment reserves a student s space.
Payment seals the deal.
Payment secures a place on the conference.
Payment secures a seat.
Payment secures ad position.
Payment sent by mail to the agency is at the risk of the sender.
Payment sets the proper relationship for both the client and the professional.
Payment starts Today.
Payment stays constant - rent goes up.
Payment stops if there's no further improvement.
Payment switches for open networks .
Payment tends to bring a feeling of priority to the payer, of enhanced rights.
Payment tends to vary.
Payment terms Our terms are payment with order.
Payment therefore has to be made for today and tomorrow simultaneously.
Payment typically begins four months before the first day of classes.
Payment typically occurs up front or upon the return of the tape.
Payment using credit card is available.
Payment varies according to article.
Payment varies according to length.
Payment varies according to quality of text and photos and to space used in the magazine.
Payment varies according to story length, complexity, rights purchased, and writer's experience.
Payment varies and is on publication.
Payment varies by column and length.
Payment varies depending on length and type of article.
Payment varies depending on the assignment.
Payment varies depending on the length and complexity of the work submitted.
Payment varies for multiple photos.
Payment varies from lump-sum to by the hour depending on the project.
Payment varies greatly depending on what the sponsor is willing to pay.
Payment varies on the content and size of each article.
Payment varies per each individual project.
Payment varies per piece.
Payment varies to reflect the total number of members covered.
Payment varies with each submission.
Payment varies with the length and nature of the article.
Payment varies, depending on length and complexity of the material covered.
Payment varies, depending on the length and quality.
Payment varies, depending on the number of hours.
Payment works on a sliding scale.
Payments accepted after due dates are subject to penalty charges.
Payments accepted are cash, check, charge, cookie dough, and gift certificates.
Payments also differ by region.
Payments apply first to accrued interest and then to principal.
Payments are a fixed percentage of monthly gross income.
Payments are a one-time up front payment after project completion.
Payments are a percentage of the borrower's monthly gross income.
Payments are a third party resource.
Payments are acceptable by cheque, money order or bank transfer.
Payments are acceptable by money order, bank check or Postal money order.
Payments are against established leases.
Payments are also due before any application filing.
Payments are also easy as GoShopping.nu accepts six credit cards and online checks.
Payments are always due on the first business day of each month.
Payments are always due the month the period begins.
Payments are amounts of money that students pay to their accounts at any time.
Payments are annual and designed to help pay a new teacher's basic salary.
Payments are anonymous and different payments of the same customer are unlinkable.
Payments are as a lump sum for the entire period desired.
Payments are assignable.
Payments are at the federal minimum wage or the veteran's state minimum wage, whichever is greater.
Payments are automatic.
Payments are available if needed.
Payments are available seven business days after the draw request is approved.
Payments are billable monthly, in advance, beginning on the first of the month.
Payments are by cash or check only, no credit cards .
Payments are by secure credit card transaction, with prices quoted in pounds sterling.
Payments are commerce.
Payments are contingent upon successful completion of the course.
Payments are cost.
Payments are cultural activities.
Payments are current.
Payments are deductible if nondiscriminatory plan is at same percentage rate as employees.
Payments are dependent upon the availability of annual appropriations.
Payments are determined according to eligibility and income.
Payments are due according to the schedule below.
Payments are due and payable by the cooperatives on the first day of the following month.
Payments are due and payable by the end of the billing month.
Payments are due annually in advance.
Payments are due annually upon registration.
Payments are due as soon as services are made available.
Payments are due as stated above or when the signer receives bills.
Payments are due at the completion of the auction.
Payments are due at the end of each session.
Payments are due at the first of each month throughout the semester.
Payments are due at the first of the month.
Payments are due at time of reservation.
Payments are due at time of service.
Payments are due at time of signup.
Payments are due at time services are rendered.
Payments are due based on their billing and collection policies.
Payments are due before supplies are received.
Payments are due by credit card or by some other means.
Payments are due by the deadlines given on the rate sheet included with each housing offer.
Payments are due by the fifteenth of each month.
Payments are due by the first of each month.
Payments are due by the first of the next month.
Payments are due by the last day of each month.
Payments are due by the last day of the month.
Payments are due by the Official First Day of the session.
Payments are due by the tenth of the month following the invoice date.
Payments are due each month for tickets sold the preceding month.
Payments are due each semester.
Payments are due for all classes by the first payment date following registration.
Payments are due immediately.
Payments are due in a timely fashion.
Payments are due in advance All terms and conditions are subject to credit approval.
Payments are due in advance for each billing period.
Payments are due in advance of service rendered.
Payments are due in advance.
Payments are due in full as specified above.
Payments are due in our office in advance of the months service.
Payments are due in the amounts and on the dates specified in the payment schedule.
Payments are due in the housing office on or before the fifth day of classes.
Payments are due in three equal installments.
Payments are due in two installments.
Payments are due in U.S. currency.
Payments are due in United States currency.
Payments are due monthly and in advance of the month for which payment is due.
Payments are due monthly to a bank.
Payments are due monthly, based on averaging the child's planned attendance over a ten-month period.
Payments are due monthly.
Payments are due net on receipt of invoice for customers with established accounts.
Payments are due no later than the first day of class.
Payments are due on a monthly basis.
Payments are due on a weekly basis.
Payments are due on first of the month.
Payments are due on or before the first of the month.
Payments are due on or before the last day of month.
Payments are due on or before the stated dates of the session plan.
Payments are due on program day.
Payments are due on receipt.
Payments are due on the date of renewal.
Payments are due on the date specified on the bill.
Payments are due on the fifteenth day of each month in which a payment is due.
Payments are due on the first day of class from each participant.
Payments are due on the first day of each month for all courses.
Payments are due on the first day of each month.
Payments are due on the first day of every month.
Payments are due on the first day of the month following the date of the invoice.
Payments are due on the first day of the month for the remaining four months of the semester.
Payments are due on the first day of the month.
Payments are due on the first day of the period.
Payments are due on the first of each month.
Payments are due on the first of each payment period.
Payments are due on the first of every month for one year.
Payments are due on the first of every month.
Payments are due on the first of the month and are late if received after that date.
Payments are due on the first of the month.
Payments are due on the last day of the month.
Payments are due on the same day each month.
Payments are due on the tenth day of each month.
Payments are due on the tenth of each month.
Payments are due prior to the start of any new quarterly period.
Payments are due quarterly on the first day of the second month following the close of the quarter.
Payments are due quarterly.
Payments are due the first days of the month.
Payments are due the first of each month according to the selected payment plan.
Payments are due the first of each month, and are considered past due after the tenth.
Payments are due the first of each month.
Payments are due the first of every month.
Payments are due the first of the month prior to service.
Payments are due the first week of each month.
Payments are due the first week of each session.
Payments are due the tenth of the following month from date of invoice.
Payments are due three weeks before the start date of the class.
Payments are due two weeks before the course starts.
Payments are due upon account activation and by monthly renewal.
Payments are due upon account activation and future renewal.
Payments are due upon delivery and satisfaction is guaranteed.
Payments are due upon invoice.
Payments are due upon payment schedule.
Payments are due upon presentation of invoice.
Payments are due upon receipt of invoice and product.
Payments are due upon receipt of invoice.
Payments are due upon receipt of our invoices.
Payments are due upon receipt of the invoice.
Payments are due upon receipt.
Payments are due upon reciept of the email invoice .
Payments are due upon statement receipt.
Payments are due when ordering and delivery is done by registered mail.
Payments are due when the bill is rendered and are billed monthly to the customers credit card.
Payments are due within twenty days.
Payments are due within two weeks of the date on the invoice.
Payments are due, in full, by the first day of each billing cycle.
Payments are effective the date of finalization.
Payments are flexible too, and are set up at the option of the donor.
Payments are for a specific amount for a specified period of time.
Payments are for nonexclusive rights to use the materials in perpetuity.
Payments are for the full year, and are typically received in the fall term.
Payments are for the month prior to the issue of the check.
Payments are generally for fixed amounts on a monthly or quarterly basis.
Payments are generally late, while providers bill the patient.
Payments are in advance, due quarterly.
Payments are in Canadian Dollars.
Payments are in installments.
Payments are in line with prevailing rates for freelance IT writers.
Payments are in local currency.
Payments are in money instead of in kind.
Payments are in multiples of four drachmas.
Payments are in U.S. dollars.
Payments are interest only based on the outstanding balance and are due on the first of each month.
Payments are late and rates have been lowered.
Payments are late or only partially made Facing bankruptcy.
Payments are lower as well.
Payments are made for each individual child in the care of the foster parent.
Payments are matched to receivables on-screen, so there's no paperwork to review.
Payments are means tested on the basis of parental income.
Payments are monetary transactions.
Payments are monthly and fixed.
Payments are monthly.
Payments are never late, because the timing of direct payments is set up in advance.
Payments are never on time.
Payments are non refundable unless a qualified replacement company is found.
Payments are non-refundable .
Payments are nonrefundable after due date.
Payments are non-refundable and are due at the beginning of each cycle.
Payments are non-refundable once a login has been assigned and a file has been activated.
Payments are non-refundable unless the trip fills up.
Payments are nonrefundable.
Payments are non-refundable.
Payments are non-taxable.
Payments are normally due monthly.
Payments are now input as check, cash or up to seven other user defined categories.
Payments are often many times more than the amount spent on health care or education.
Payments are on a month to month bases and can be made by cash, check or credit card.
Payments are on a percentage of company revenue.
Payments are on a pre-tax basis.
Payments are on account and applied to payroll as a deduction.
Payments are on the basis of United States funds at par.
Payments are on the honor system.
Payments are on time - all the time.
Payments are on time once a month.
Payments are once per month as a minimum.
Payments are payable to South Bay Animal Licensing.
Payments are payroll deducted.
Payments are pretty nice to.
Payments are prompt after the sale.
Payments are quarterly over a three-year period.
Payments are reportable as ordinary taxable income.
Payments are requested in Australian dollars, current rate of conversion is available .
Payments are retroactive.
Payments are secure and fast.
Payments are secure and on time thus avoiding costly late filing penalties.
Payments are similar to state income tax procedures, including payment of estimated tax.
Payments are simple.
Payments are subject to a test of the joint income of the claimant and their partner.
Payments are subject to annual appropriations.
Payments are subject to available funds.
Payments are subject to retirement contributions.
Payments are subject to state and federal tax and withholding.
Payments are subject to tax withholding.
Payments are tax deductible to the extent that they exceed the fair market value of the package.
Payments are tax deductible.
Payments are tax free.
Payments are taxable compensation and are subject to appropriate tax reporting and withholding.
Payments are taxable compensation and subject to appropriate tax reporting and withholding.
Payments are taxable.
Payments are the responsibility of the parents.
Payments are then complete, ensuring a buyout for the most successful shows.
Payments are timely.
Payments are to be given to Micah .
Payments are to be in Australian dollars and can be made by credit card or electronic transfer.
Payments are to be in Canadian funds by way of personal cheque, bank draft or money order.
Payments are to be made at the workshop.
Payments are to be made by cash or check only.
Payments are to be made by transfer, preferably by cable.
Payments are to be made direct to the drivers unless otherwise arranged.
Payments are to be made either by cash or bank transfer only.
Payments are to be made half-yearly and invariably in advance.
Payments are to be made in advance.
Payments are to be made in U.S. funds only.
Payments are to be made on payroll only.
Payments are to be made quarterly every year.
Payments are to be made upon receipt of information.
Payments are to be paid at regular intervals, but in periods no longer than semi-monthly.
Payments are to be paid unconditionally.
Payments are to be received by the end of the month.
Payments are to be received within twenty working days.
Payments are to be sent in Canadian dollars only.
Payments are to begin on the date the order of support is entered.
Payments are totally secure .
Payments are typically semi-annual.
Payments are usually a portion of the employee's salary and are payable for a specific time.
Payments are usually capped at a monthly maximum, too.
Payments are usually due monthly.
Payments are usually due upon certain milestones such as design reviews or deliveries.
Payments are usually monthly, sometimes annually.
Payments are usually subject to tax laws currently on the books.
Payments are usually the lowest.
Payments are variable and they are typically treated as an operating expense.
Payments are very simple and straightforward.
Payments are via credit card.
Payments are voluntary, of course.
Payments are weekly.
Payments are welcome by Personal Cheque in above currencies.
Payments associated with teaching and research appointments are subject to withholding.
Payments automatically post to the tenent ledger.
Payments based on actual hours worked and documented can be one option.
Payments based on pounds of body weight gain during the contract period are usually preferred.
Payments become delinquent after ten calendar days and interest accrues on unpaid balances.
Payments become payable as shipments are made, without regard to other deliveries.
Payments begin after a five-month waiting period.
Payments begin after completion of the policy's elimination period.
Payments begin at least a year after the annuity is established.
Payments begin at the time of adoption placement.
Payments begin at the time the adoption is finalized.
Payments begin before they can get to their feet.
Payments begin in the summer prior to the start of the academic year.
Payments begin low and increase at set intervals.
Payments begin nine months after graduation.
Payments begin on the anniversary date of each completed satisfactory year of service.
Payments begin on the first day of the month following finalization.
Payments begin one month after the disbursement of funds.
Payments begin one month after the loan account is activated.
Payments begin six months after dropping below half time, graduation, or withdrawal from school.
Payments begin six months after graduation or student drops below half- time.
Payments begin six months after graduation.
Payments begin six months after the student drops below half-time status.
Payments begin six months after the student graduates or drops below half-time.
Payments begin six months after the student leaves school.
Payments begin thirty days after delivery.
Payments begin thirty days after funds are fully disbursed.
Payments begin when the student leaves or graduates from school.
Payments begin while the student is still in school.
Payments begin within sixty days after funds are disbursed.
Payments begin within two months of the first disbursement.
Payments can also continue for the life of a second person.
Payments can be by bank transfer or credit card.
Payments can be by check or credit card .
Payments can be by check or money order in USA funds.
Payments can be by telegraphic transfer or credit card.
Payments can be cash, and as umpiring is deemed a hobby, can be tax free.
Payments can be due at the beginning or the end of the period.
Payments can be either on a one-time basis, or recurring.
Payments can be for the entire program or each semester.
Payments can be hassle free with our automatic payment plan.
Payments can be in form of an internal requisition or check.
Payments can be irregular in amount and occurence.
Payments can be monthly, annual, or even every few years.
Payments can be monthly, quarterly or annually by standing order.
Payments can be monthly, quarterly, semi-annual and annual. .
Payments can be online or mailed.
Payments can be refundable or non-refundable.
Payments can begin immediately or at a specified future date.
Payments can begin immediately or be deferred until the future to supplement a retirement plan.
Payments can change from year to year if dividends rise or fall.
Payments can change.
Payments can coincide with maturity dates on CDs, fundraising activities, or budget periods.
Payments can extend for the donor's life, or for two lives, or a fixed period of years.
Payments can follow expenditures instead of all up front.
Payments can made to the annuitant monthly, quarterly, semiannually or annually.
Payments can provide for others.
Payments can range from a few cents per page to a dollar per page or more.
Payments can stop, resume, and be modified by both amount and frequency.
Payments can take a long time or a short time depending on the date of the sale.
Payments can vary as homeowners pay off mortgages early.
Payments can vary from region to region as well.
Payments cease after three years.
Payments cease at the end of the period.
Payments cease when the amount of the subvention is paid back.
Payments commensurate with the harm done.
Payments constitute a very sticky and repetitive content.
Payments constitute taxable income.
Payments continue as long as the total disability continues.
Payments continue for duration of the disability.
Payments continue for life and end upon the death of the annuitant.
Payments continue to the beneficiary to the end of the guaranteed period.
Payments continue to the winner's estate until exhausted.
Payments continue until all interest and principal have been paid out.
Payments continue until the principal amount and interest earnings are exhausted.
Payments continue, though, even if an employee finds work within the severance period.
Payments depends on how many register.
Payments do include some interest.
Payments end when the longest surviving of the two dies.
Payments Enter search terms in the space above.
Payments falling due following the consolidation period remain due on their original schedule.
Payments Find answers to payment questions.
Payments generally occur in arrears, after use.
Payments go directly to the architect designing the building or engineer performing the study.
Payments go into a revolving fund which in turn helps to finance other homes in the community.
Payments go out quarterly and there is no minimum to receive payment.
Payments go to either landlords or families.
Payments go toward interest in the first few years and capital later.
Payments go toward purchase .
Payments go up or down depending on the performance of trust investments.
Payments have to be done in Lire.
Payments increase as income rises.
Payments is by check or money order.
Payments is required prior to or on the day of the workshop.
Payments listed below include principal and interest only.
Payments listed here are in American funds.
Payments made are nontransferable.
Payments made by check provide the best proof of payment.
Payments made by check require two weeks to clear.
Payments made by individuals are the primary source of revenue for a resale activity.
Payments made by means of currency are definite.
Payments made by monthly direct debit are subject to an interest charge.
PAyments made by non-French banks have to be international.
Payments made by personal check require seven business days for bank clearance before shipping.
Payments made by such methods leave no trail.
Payments made directly to the moving company are acceptable.
Payments made during the following two months are due at face value.
Payments made from state funds are exempt from sales tax.
Payments made in advance are non refundable.
Payments made in advance represent an example of the latter.
Payments made to employees include reimbursements for travel and related expenditures.
Payments made to estates are taxable.
Payments made to relatives for child care expenses usually qualify for the credit.
Payments made under most types of benefit plans are also subject.
Payments never seem to bring down the balance.
Payments never vary.
Payments normally begin upon official retirement.
Payments now post to accounts instantly.
Payments now take into account future care costs and potential loss of earnings.
Payments now take weeks to reach their receivers, and sometimes never get there.
Payments only become subsidies when their value exceeds what the recipients pay in taxes.
Payments only cover land directly affected by drilling operations and production.
Payments partially tax free for a time.
Payments Pay by mail.
Payments placed in our drop boxes post the following business day.
Payments received are cross referenced to payment entitlements.
Payments received are taxable income to the recipient and deductible to the payor.
Payments reflect claims processed during the year to cover field staff medical costs.
Payments regarding transport and shipping are exempt from withholding taxes.
Payments represent a partial return of capital and a return on the capital investment.
Payments represent a partial return of capital and interest on the capital investment.
Payments represent both interest and a return of principal.
Payments represent the final payment on contract.
Payments resume once the member returns to the operations area.
Payments rise as the borrower s income level increases.
Payments show the vendor name from the last payment that was made against a requisition.
Payments shown are plus tax.
Payments start after the employee has been totally disabled for work for three days.
Payments start at least one year after the gift.
Payments start no later than three months after graduation and are due once a year.
Payments start out lower and gradually increase over the repayment term.
Payments start out lower and increase generally every two years.
Payments start smaller and gradually increase throughout repayment.
Payments start upon equipment delivery.
Payments stop if the business fails.
Payments stop whenever customer is released for work.
Payments take into account additional costs for conversion to organic production.
Payments then go offline.
Payments then increase as the lease progresses.
Payments then increase in graduated levels every two years.
Payments then increase in year three to include both interest and principal.
Payments There are no set payments.
Payments There are two types of hand.
Payments using encrypted credit card details cost is a problem, prohibiting micropayments.
Payments vary according to an applicant's income, household size, fuel type, and heating region.
Payments vary depending on the type of car.
Payments vary in amount.
Payments vary slightly by geographic area.
Payments vary, depending on length and depth of research.
Payment always begins with the summer tax bill.
Payment often entitles the user to further documentation or upgrades.
Payment usually is mailed to the artist within six weeks.
Payment usually represents less than full value of services provided.
Payment usually takes about four weeks.
Payments usually arrive in the last three banking days of each month.
Payments usually begin six months after the student leaves school.
All payment are to be made in U.S. currency unless otherwise specified.
All payment goes directly to the hotel.
All payment is at the discretion of the designer.
All payment is by cash to driver.
All payment is due before advertising commences.
All payment is due prior to services rendered unless credit approval has been established.
All payment is due upon registration.
All payment is in Canadian currency.
All payment is in the currency chosen at the time of order.
All payment is in U.K. currency.
All payment is in U.S. currency only.
All payment is in U.S. currency.
All payment is in UK sterling.
All payment is in United States currency.
All payment is non refundable.
All payment is required in advance.
All payment is to be in U.S. dollars.
All payment is to be in U.S. funds.
All payment is via credit card and our prices are quoted in U.S. dollars only.
All payments appear to have been duly made and time limits complied with.
All payments are absolutely secure.
All payments are buy cash, money order or major credit cards.
All payments are by check , or money order.
All payments are by check or money order.
All Payments are by electronic transfer only and payable in advance.
All payments are by personal check, business check, or money order only .
All payments are cash, credit card, or money order - no personal checks.
All payments are cash.
All payments are confidential.
All payments are contingent upon funding availability.
All payments are current at the time of equity transfer.
All payments are due accordingly.
All payments are due after acceptance.
All payments are due and payable in Enid, Garfield County, Oklahoma.
All payments are due and payable no later than the first day of classes.
All payments are due and payable prior to the due date of the invoice in which they are assessed.
All Payments are due at the beginning of each month.
All payments are due at the time of each session or paid in advance.
All payments are due at the time the registration form is submitted.
All payments are due at time of order.
All Payments are due at time of service.
All payments are due by the agreed date of each month.
All payments are due by the date specified.
All payments are due by the end of the semester.
All payments are due by the first day of class.
All payments are due by the first day of each month.
All payments are due by the first of the month.
All payments are due each anniversary period following the date account was established.
All payments are due in accordance with university payment schedules regardless of postal errors.
All payments are due in advance of any site being activated.
All payments are due in advance of service performance.
All payments are due in advance of service.
All payments are due in advance until credit terms are established.
All payments are due in advance.
All payments are due in full at the time of registration.
All payments are due in full before the order is shipped.
All payments are due in full by money order only.
All payments are due in our offices on the first of the month.
All payments are due in U.S. currency.
All payments are due in U.S. dollars.
All payments are due in U.S. funds.
All payments are due on day of training.
All payments are due on or before the due date each month.
All payments are due on or before the first of the payroll month for which premiums are being paid.
All payments are due on receipt of invoice.
All payments are due on the date of service .
All payments are due on the date services are provided.
All payments are due on the first day of the semester.
All payments are due on the first of each month.
All payments are due on the first of every month.
All payments are due on the first of the applicable month.
All payments are due on the first of the month.
All payments are due on the last business day of the month prior to the month of service.
All payments are due prior to construction.
All payments are due prior to the beginning date of the conference.
All payments are due prior to the beginning of the next billing period.
All payments are due quarterly in advance by direct debit.
All payments are due the first of each month.
All payments are due thirty days after receipt of invoice.
All payments are due through the security server account of the suppliers.
All payments are due up front.
All payments are due upon receipt and required before the next step begins.
All payments are due upon receipt of invoice.
All payments are due upon receipt of the invoice.
All payments are due upon receipt.
All payments are due upon the first day of the accounting cycle.
All payments are due when the class is presented.
All payments are due with the registration form.
All payments are due within ten days of the purchase.
All payments are final on release.
All payments are final.
All Payments are for the next month of service.
All payments are forfeits.
All payments are from Customers to Merchants.
All payments are fully transferable to alternate workshop dates.
All payments are gross business, professional or corporate income.
All payments are gross.
All payments are in a pending status when originally submitted.
All payments are in advance.
All Payments are in advance.
ALL payments are in advance.
All payments are in American dollars.
All payments are in Australian Dollars.
All payments are in current U.S. currency exchange rates.
All payments are in German Marks.
All payments are in U.S. currency.
All payments are in U.S. dollars.
All payments are in U.S. funds only.
All payments are made by check or money order, therefore no payment takes place right away.
All payments are monthly in arrears, without a guarantee period as shown.
All payments are non refundable under any circumstances.
All payments are non refundable.
All payments are nonrefundable after due date.
All payments are non-refundable after the due date.
All payments are non-refundable and toward credit purposes only.
All payments are nonrefundable.
All payments are non-refundable.
All payments are past due.
All payments are payable in New Zealand dollars.
All payments are payable in Salt Lake County, Utah.
All payments are preliminary estimates.
All payments are secure .
All payments are subject to adequate funds being available.
All payments are subject to appropriate taxes and withholding.
All payments are subject to budget authority and available funds.
All payments are subject to clearance of the new clients payments.
All payments are subject to ordinary income tax rates.
All payments are subject to purchase price adjustments at the time of closing.
All payments are subject to receipt of monies from buyers.
All payments are subject to standard university policies and procedures.
All payments are subject to the annual limits and lifetime cap.
All payments are subject to the Income tax law of the country.
All payments are subject to verification and clearance prior to shipment.
All payments are tax deductible.
All payments are tax free.
All payments are tax invoice receipted by email.
All payments are taxable as ordinary income.
All payments are taxable in accordance with the law.
All payments are tax-free when set up properly.
All payments are to be in Australian Dollars.
All Payments are to be in Canadian Dollars .
All payments are to be in U.S. dollars.
All payments are to be in U.S. Dollars.
All payments are to be in U.S. funds, drawn on a U.S. bank.
All payments are to be in U.S. monies or the foreign equivalent.
All payments are to be made directly at the hotel upon check-in.
All payments are to be made for a period of one year of service.
All payments are to be made in advance.
All Payments are to be made in advance.
All payments are to be made in Australian dollars .
All payments are to be made in cash or money order only.
All payments are to be made in the hotel itself on the day of arrival.
All payments are to be made in U.S. currency by personal check, bank check or money order.
All payments are to be made in U.S. currency.
All payments are to be made in U.S. funds.
All payments are to be made in USA dollars.
All payments are to be made on or before the due date according to the payment schedule.
All payments are to be made to the representatives as named in the sale catalog.
All payments are to be made via credit card only.
All payments are to be paid in advance see our billing information.
All payments are to be processed within two business days.
All payments are to be remitted in U.S. funds.
All payments are to be sent to the address listed below.
All payments are to be used for tuition, books, and fees, unless otherwise indicated.
All payments are up front.
All payments come out of the employer's pocket.
All payments falling due up to and including the termination date are payable in full.
All payments go through foreign exchange banks.
All payments go to the provider.
All payments is to be made upon check-in.
All payments made are non-refundable.
All payments made by the renter to, or on behalf of, the lessor are taxable.
All payments made during the grace period and repayment period are interest free.
All payments made during the grace period are interest free.
All payments made to attorneys for legal services regardless of corporate status are reportable.
All payments really do help with future development of the program.
All payments require clearance before the artworks are shipped.
All payments stop at the death of the retiree.
Any payment being made to a nonresident alien requires special attention and handling.
Any payment is always at the editor's discretion.
Any payment is non refundable.
Any payment is non-refundable.
Many payments have notes attached offering praise and gratitude for the yearbook staff's hard work.
Most payments are far lower than that.
Most payments are for legislator and government employee salaries.
Most payments are in kind, and some payments are in money.
Some payments are acceptable if they don t violate local laws.
Some payments are automatically exempt from garnishment.
Some payments go out the day they are entered.
Payments methods vary as well.
Payments methods vary at other outlets.
A payoff is an income
Payoff is dynamic growth.
Payoffs are according to the odds displayed at the top of the screen.
Payoffs are also different depending on the casino.
Payoffs are as follows.
Payoffs are easy to calculate in a zero-sum game, particularly one with only two players.
Payoffs are far from certain.
Payoffs are lower for the most expensive chains.
Payoffs are negative here as they represent a loss, rather than a gain.
Payoffs are payments.
Payoffs are profits.
Payoffs can be colossal from starting over or redesigning the corporate structure.
Payoffs can be economic, aesthetic, or both.
Payoffs create the darkest of alliances.
Payoffs vary depending on the type of bet placed.
Payoffs vary from industry to industry.
Any payoff is nearly always unanticipated and often decades away.
Some payoffs are seven years in the making.
A payola is a bribe
Payola becomes the way of life for every physician.
Paypal accounts seem to be a major target for hackers as well.
A payroll check is a check
Payroll checks are available on the last working day of each month.
Payroll checks are in our office available for pickup.
Payroll checks can be prepared or electronic deposits can be made.
Payroll deduction allows an individual to give on a regular basis all year long.
Payroll deduction allows for added convenience.
Payroll deduction can divert an amount right into savings.
Payroll deduction eliminates the hassle of making weekly or semi-monthly bank deposits.
Payroll deduction eliminates the requirement for down payments.
Payroll deduction Enter the amount to be deducted each month.
Payroll deduction is a convenient and easy way to transact financial business.
Payroll deduction is a popular way to support charities.
Payroll deduction is also a convenient way to start and maintain a savings program.
Payroll deduction is also available.
Payroll deduction is an effortless, systematic way to save.
Payroll deduction is an option for gifts to either organization.
Payroll deduction is an option.
Payroll deduction is authorized if applicable.
Payroll deduction is available and highly recommended.
Payroll deduction is available and is optional for employee participation.
Payroll deduction is available for all staff and faculty.
Payroll deduction is available for all UAH faculty, staff and administration.
Payroll deduction is available for current employees or their spouses.
Payroll deduction is available for effortless saving.
Payroll deduction is available for employee and spouse.
Payroll deduction is available for employees.
Payroll deduction is available for family coverage options.
Payroll deduction is available for full-time employees.
Payroll deduction is available for state employees.
Payroll deduction is available for UVA faculty and staff.
Payroll deduction is available in some school districts.
Payroll deduction is available through many participating employers.
Payroll deduction is available through most company payroll departments.
Payroll deduction is available through the Fiscal office.
Payroll deduction is available to cover any of the fees.
Payroll deduction is available to cover enrollment fees.
Payroll deduction is available to establish an easy to maintain savings plan.
Payroll deduction is available to university personnel.
Payroll deduction is available with employee ID and permanent employee status.
Payroll deduction is available, as are credit card and check payments.
Payroll deduction is available, as well as direct deposit.
Payroll deduction is available.
Payroll deduction is convenient.
Payroll deduction is currently available.
Payroll deduction is only available for members who's payroll office supports the service.
Payroll deduction is provided by the college.
Payroll deduction is relatively easy to set up.
Payroll deduction is required.
Payroll deduction is safe and convenient.
Payroll deduction is simple.
Payroll deduction is the basis under which our founding fathers formed our credit union.
Payroll deduction is the most popular and easiest way to give.
Payroll deduction is the preferred method of payment, although lump sum payments are also accepted.
Payroll deduction makes contributions convenient to document.
Payroll deduction makes it so.
Payroll deduction means immediate tax relief as opposed to waiting until tax time for a refund.
Payroll deduction offers quite a savings in more ways than one.
Payroll deduction offers various options.
Payroll deduction provides an easy, disciplined way to save.
Payroll deduction provides nonprofit charities with a steady income over the year.
Payroll deduction provides regular, automatic savings with no commissions or fees.
Payroll deductions accumulate over the year and are applied to next year's dues.
Payroll deductions allow individuals to plan ahead and save smaller amounts each pay period.
Payroll deductions allow investors to pay themselves first.
Payroll deductions are a painless way to give small amounts throughout the year.
Payroll deductions are a quick and easy way to distribute the gift over a year s time.
Payroll deductions are also available.
Payroll deductions are available to state employees and higher education employees.
Payroll deductions are available.
Payroll deductions are easy and convenient because they are paid throughout the year.
Payroll deductions are limited according to amounts set by the federal government each year.
Payroll deductions begin with the next calendar year, if applicable.
Payroll deductions make contributing relatively painless.
Payroll deductions make giving simple.
Payroll deductions make saving easy and hassle-free.
Payroll savings is easy to start.
Payroll savings is flexible.
Payroll taxes account for more than one-third of federal receipts.
Payroll taxes are a far greater burden on the poor than on the rich.
Payroll taxes are inflationary because they increase the costs of production.
Payroll taxes are the biggest burden for workers.
Payroll taxes are the first to slip when a company has cash flow problems.
Payroll taxes are the primary source of financing for railroad retirement benefits.
Payroll taxes deducted from their paychecks are their only means of retirement income.
Payroll taxes go to work.
Payroll taxes penalize work much more than income taxes.
A payroll is a register
Payroll check printing.
Payroll check writing plus monthly, quarterly and annual payroll tax services.
Payroll equals winning in baseball.
Payroll looks after the production of government paycheques.
Payroll monitors timecards for accuracy of calculations.
Payroll works out of the current calendar year.
Payrolls are departments.
Payrolls are registers.
Payrolls are sums.
Payrolls are the main reason teams demand newer and more lucrative arenas.
Payrolls show a different pattern.
Payrolls vary from business to business.
Most payrolls require that time sheets be submitted.
PBGC insurance is funded by a per capita tax adjusted for the riskiness of a company's pension plan.
PBI building is on the right.
PBI classes are always very limited in size to provide individual attention to everyone.
Most PBL courses focus on student understanding rather than rote memorization.
PBL students tend to be much more at ease with multiple sources.
PCB waste is considered a hazardous waste under federal and state law.
PCcard camera works with it.
PCEE staff monitor the gateway to the network.
PCFVirtual services are available in many parts of the world.
PCMA members are leaders in innovation, technology, and improved outcomes.
Pct is proportion
PCTs have a range of freedoms and flexibilities greater than any other health service body.
PCTs receive extensive training prior to working on a clinical unit.
PCVP People kill people.
PCW staff helps sponsor and coordinate meetings, performances, and other activities.
All pdf files are graphic intensive and large.
Any pdf file requires it.
All pdf versions are nonprintable.
PDIP support is a giant wave, the sea.
PDR editors take nothing for granted.
PDR programs are currently in operation in fifteen states.
PDR results are still available.
PDSS network is very wide with multiple virtual channels in each direction.
A pe is a letter
PE appears to be effective in patients with acute hepatic failure.
PE are one of the worst acts currently mining the rap-metal ditch.
PE can appear boring depending on perceptions.
PE can do a lot for fitness and book learning.
PE can lead to foresee potential catastrophic results of certain management strategies.
PE consists of four filesets and the installation steps for each fileset are similar.
PE essentially measures how much investors are willing to pay per dollar of current earnings.
PE is a different setting.
PE is a fully functional virus protection program.
PE is a genuinely full-featured text editor.
PE is a great time to get out and use up energy.
PE is a method for involving front-line workers in analyzing and redesigning their own job.
PE is a much better comparison of the value of a stock than the price.
PE is a physical education class.
PE is a pure hydrocarbon compound and thus environmentally neutral during disposal.
PE is also a time of teaching students how to pace themselves and how to learn new skills.
PE is available in both English and Spanish.
PE is desirable.
PE is energy due to the relative position of two interacting objects.
PE is especially useful as deep-well pipe.
PE is extremely good.
PE is fast, too.
PE is generated by high temperatures and low humidity.
PE is held three times weekly and students use Old Pops Playground for needed daily play activities.
PE is highly resistant to chemicals.
PE is just as important as other subjects, and it's seen by our staff as important.
PE is mandated by the state.
PE is merely an extended recess.
PE is movement, and movement can help relieve stress.
PE is now the most frequent cause of death associated with childbirth.
PE is number one.
PE is one of the phospholipid antibodies.
PE is potentially lethal, treatable, but with morbid treatment, accurate diagnosis is essential.
PE is preferred.
PE is produced in low, linear low, medium, and high densities.
PE is relatively common at autopsy, usually unexpected, and frequently the cause of death.
PE is required.
PE is responsible for all technical, scope, time and budget requirements.
PE is taught by another teacher.
PE is the choice of multimedia professional worldwide.
PE is the total energy stored in the charge configuration.
PE is unchanged.
PE is way better, too.
Pe isa symbol.
PE means Prince Edward Island.
PE modifies a shared variable for which it has a valid cache entry.
PE now is required through ninth grade only.
PE offers different sorts of games and activities that anyone can participate in.
PE offers media services in journalism, online content production and website design and management.
PE passing rates are for first-time examinees only.
PE presents technical articles that are neither esoteric nor arcane.
PE provides all phases of training, including design, development and implementation.
PE provides equipment used in science teaching nationally and internationally.
PE reduce their activity but transiently, needing more often sessions associated to steroids.
PE remains compulsory in primary schools.
Pes are letters.
PEs can also actually increase physician productivity in some instances.
PEs can be cost-effective in both private practice and managed care settings.
PES can fill secretarial to upper level management positions.
PEs can share global objects.
PEs come from all walks of life.
PEs have the time and the work-ethic necessary to become writers.
PEs operate in discrete time steps t .
All PEs are also now streams safe.
Any PE can be an input node, output node, or both.
Pea aphids are common wherever legumes are grown, especially in the Red River Valley of Manitoba.
Pea aphids extract sap from the terminal leaves and stem of the host plant.
All pea aphids are female throughout spring and summer.
Some pea aphids have hosts.
Pea crabs are very small in size.
Pea crabs feed on detrituses.
Most pea crabs feed on detrituses.
Pea flour is made at home from split peas.
Pea Island is a typical barrier island habitat with three managed impoundments.
Pea Island is named for the wild pea vine which grows in there abundance.
A pea plant is a legume
Pea plants are open to be externally fertilized by insects and can close to be self-fertilized.
Pea plants can self-pollinate .
Pea plants can self-pollinate.
Pea plants grow and reproduce quickly.
Pea plants grow from seeds.
Pea plants have both male and female reproductive organs.
Pea plants have factors.
Pea plants have flowers that contain both male and female reproductive parts.
Pea plants have hereditary factors.
Pea plants have male and female on same plant.
Pea plants have shapes.
Pea plants have tendrils, which are vine-like extensions of leaves.
Pea plants produce pea plants.
Pea plants produce plants.
Most pea plants grow from seeds.
Most pea plants have factors.
Most pea plants have hereditary factors.
Most pea plants have shapes.
Most pea plants produce pea plants.
Most pea plants produce plants.
Some pea plants are very short while others are taller.
A pea pod is a husk
Pea pods are legumes.
Pea pods are part of peas.
Pea pods are pods.
Pea pods lose their crispness if overcooked.
Pea pods make a pretty addition to the platter, but take additional time to open and fill.
Pea soup improves in flavour if made ahead.
Pea soup is fog.
Pea soup is food.
Pea soup is served at canteens, restaurants, homes and in the army always on Thursdays.
Pea soup is soup
Pea soup is soup.
Pea soup is the staple diet of skaters who ride long-distance treks past windmills and dykes.
Pea soup remains a popular dish in restaurants where tourists enjoy a true taste of old Quebec.
Pea vines are delicate and break easily.
Pea vines have similar characteristics.
A pea weevil is a weevil
Pea weevils are small, brownish black and flecked with white, black, and grayish patches.
A pea is a legume
PEA is a substance found in chocolate in trace amounts.
PEA is responsible for the thrill and energy of falling in love and infatuation.
PEA is structurally and pharmacologically similar to catecholamines and amphetamine.
Pea isa vegetable.
Pea leaves the room and walks down the corridor.
Pea leaves, or leaves from the pea plant.
PEA means pulseless electrical activity or no heart beat but continued brain activity.
Pea picks up the water and offers it.
Pea planting in Essex-Kent is completed.
PEA promotes energy, elevates mood and is involved in attention, focus, and cognition.
Pea rifles through the first two sections of the paper.
PEA stimulates the nervous system and triggers release of endorphins, the body's own analgesic.
Peas also contain some anti-nutritional factors that can interfere with digestion.
Peas are a good fall crop.
Peas are a good source of DNA because they are a seed.
Peas are a joy to combine on dry sunny days, but they can be a real nightmare on damp, cloudy days.
Peas are a very good source of vitamin A and B-complex vitamins.
Peas are also a rich source of microminerals, water soluble and fat soluble vitamins.
Peas are among the world's oldest crops.
Peas are an annual plant .
Peas are an annual plant.
Peas are an attractive host crop for nematodes.
Peas are difficult to grow in the spring garden.
Peas are easy to grow and are commonly used in classrooms to teach children about plant biology.
Peas are energetic - carrots crazy.
Peas are food.
Peas are good.
Peas are green.
Peas are high in protein and promote strong muscles, bones and plumage.
Peas are high in soluble fibre and therefore help prevent heart disease.
Peas are in season, so they are super sweet nowadays.
Peas are in some places in pod.
Peas are legumes.
Peas are located in cans.
Peas are located in freezers.
Peas are located in grocery stores.
Peas are located in plates.
Peas are located in pods.
Peas are located in supermarkets.
Peas are normally self-fertilizing, but artificial cross fertilizations are readily done.
Peas are one of the oldest crops.
Peas are part of peas.
Peas are past their prime and have joined the lettuce in the compost bin.
Peas are plants.
Peas are small and lightweight, but can only be used with the aid of a special tool.
Peas are the best fertilizer for land.
Peas are the leading cause of kidney stones and bladder stones in ferrets.
Peas are vegetables.
Peas are very sensitive to atrazine residues.
Peas can also be machine harvested at the green mature stage.
Peas can be tall or short.
Peas can fall victim to several diseases, including powdery mildew, fusarium wilt and root rot.
Peas can have either white or purple flowers.
Peas come in a multitude of varieties.
Peas contain reasonable quantities of B vitamins.
Peas feel better soon.
Peas fix nitrogen doing miraculous things for the soil.
Peas Follow the same procedure as for beans.
Peas freeze beautifully if they are fresh.
Peas grow best during cool weather.
Peas grow best in slightly acid , well-drained soils .
Peas grow best in slightly acid, well-drained soils.
Peas grow best in well-drained sandy soil.
Peas grow best in well-drained, fertile soil.
Peas grown on supports are less liable to destruction by birds.
Peas have a relatively simple genetic structure.
Peas have edible flowers.
Peas have flowers.
Peas have seeds.
Peas have white flowers.
Peas is our family's favorite rhyme.
Peas keep better unshelled than shelled.
Peas like to be planted in cool weather.
Peas Make the Man.
Peas ought to be newborn, barely big enough to notice between twice-daily visits to the garden.
Peas perform best when planted in the spring.
Peas perform very well on cereal stubble where the soil nitrogen is often depleted.
Peas porridge hot, peas porridge cold, peas porridge in the pot nine days old.
Peas porridge in the pot, Nine days old.
Peas present few insect problems.
Peas require a good supply of nitrogen during vegetative growth and seed formation.
Peas require plenty of potash and phosphorus.
Peas rot in soil that is cold and wet, so it helps to keep the rain off as well as warm the soil.
Peas show dwarfed plants and seeds with a thick coat.
Peas signify cunningness, and pepper bespeaks rudeness and unreasonableness.
Peas stop producing pods.
Peas thrive in cool, moist weather and produce best in cool, moderate climates.
Peas use tendrils to climb a trellis.
Peas vary widely in seed size.
Peas often get pea weevils, which are nasty critters that lay eggs in the flowers or young pods.
Peas often show very poor stands when grown in the backyard.
All peas are a good source of vitamin A, vitamin C, folate, iron and phosphorus.
All peas are a good source of vitamin A, vitamin C, thiamin, folate, iron and phosphorus.
Most peas are in the bloom to podding stages.
Most peas have edible flowers.
Most peas have flowers.
Most peas have seeds.
Most peas have white flowers.
Some peas have green seeds and others have yellow seeds .
Some peas have green seeds and others have yellow seeds.
Peaberry coffee has a very smooth and mild flavor.
Peaberry coffee is actually a genetic mutation of the coffee cherry.
Peace accords seem more remote than the previous week.
Peace action is another thing, field work is another thing, studying is another thing.
Peace activists focus on education.
Peace activists gulp bottled water next to plaques celebrating U.S. wartime victories.
Some peace activists believe America brought the terrorist attacks on itself.
Peace advocates claim complete success.
Peace advocates protest the inequities inherent in the military budget.
Peace agreements are to be reached during the final status negotiations.
Peace building depends on an environment in which Peace can grow.
Peace building is a messy complicated, and lengthy process.
Peace building is explained extensively in religious and cultural symbols and meanings.
Peace center works for desalination plants.
Peace centers connected with established religions also invigorate the national peace voice.
More peace conferences are underway.
Peace conflict is part of everyday life.
Peace dividend reaps monumental rewards in the Rockies.
Peace education is a broader field than nuclear war education.
Peace education is a holistic approach to human interaction.
Peace education is an anti-dote and an eminent deterrant for war.
Peace education is an on-going process.
Peace education is effective when it is backed up by acts of concrete peace-making.
Peace education is taught daily.
Peace education leads to peaceful living.
Peace education operates differently in various global contexts.
Peace keepers are heroes and friends.
Peace keeping is a solution to unnamed problems arrived at by undesignated means.
Peace keeping is important.
A peace lily is a flower
Peace lilies are native to hot, moist, shady tropical rainforests.
Peace lilies are sometimes susceptible to infection by aphids, mites, or other small arthropods.
Peace Lilies are toxic to both dogs and cats.
Peace lilies balance each side of the rocked waterfall.
Peace lilies can be sensitive to chlorine.
Peace lilies filter out trichloroethylene best.
Peace Lilies grow under a forest canopy and so are used to living in deteriorating bark.
Peace lilies have wide leaves that accumulate dust.
Some peace lilies grow in containers.
Peace makers are a lonesome lot.
Peace making has to be a creative business.
Peace making requires wisdom.
Peace media are conscious attempts to take a role in conflict prevention or mitigation.
Peace media can present issues fairly and make alternative sources of information available.
Peace media can require training personnel and equipment.
Peace negotiations are underway but no final agreement has been reached.
Peace negotiations begin in Portsmouth, New Hampshire.
Peace negotiations drag on.
Peace negotiations seem unavoidably drawn to that location.
A peace of mind is calmness
Peace of mind are located in confessions.
Peace of mind are located in homes.
Peace of mind begins with a strong financial partner.
Peace of mind can come from access to quality services.
Peace of mind can only arise by the cessation of thoughts.
Peace of mind can only emanate from the provisions of a just and comprehensive peace.
Peace of mind can only exist where there is safety and security.
Peace of mind comes cheap.
Peace of mind comes from striking a balance.
Peace of mind derives from better design.
Peace of mind follows preparation.
Peace of mind goes a long way.
Peace of mind has value.
Peace of mind is a big one.
Peace of mind is a critical element of good health.
Peace of mind is a cruel victim of random violence.
Peace of mind is a greater treasure than most emperors can win.
Peace of mind is a precious commodity.
Peace of mind is a rare commodity in our fast-paced, impersonal society.
Peace of mind is a simple phone call away.
Peace of mind is a simple, happy thing.
Peace of mind is a strange concept.
Peace of mind is a valuable thing too.
Peace of mind is a wonderful thing.
Peace of mind is also essential, and that's why our service is guaranteed .
Peace of mind is always conducive to a well ordered physical condition.
Peace of mind is an important part of any trip.
Peace of mind is an internal matter.
Peace of mind is both immeasurable and invaluable.
Peace of mind is forgotten.
Peace of mind is free.
Peace of mind is hard to find lately.
Peace of mind is important when flying a homebuilt airplane.
Peace of mind is important.
Peace of mind is invaluable to working parents.
Peace of mind is just a click away.
Peace of mind is just a few clicks away.
Peace of mind is just a phone call away.
Peace of mind is never so easy.
Peace of mind is one click away.
Peace of mind is one of the most valuable assets of a leader.
Peace of mind is one of the ultimate goals.
Peace of mind is only a click away.
Peace of mind is only a phone call away.
Peace of mind is our utmost concern with all the parties involved in the process.
Peace of mind is perhaps the most important factor.
Peace of mind is priceless.
Peace of mind is probably the best one.
Peace of mind is the awareness of being in harmony and in tune with the universe.
Peace of mind is the goal.
Peace of mind is the key.
Peace of mind is the result.
Peace of mind is what develops in the absence of such anxiety.
Peace of mind is worth more than convenience.
Peace of mind is worth the membership.
Peace of mind is worth the small cost of a film and processing.
Peace of mind Keep tabs on the kids by getting logged entry times and exception alarms.
Peace of mind leads to love.
Peace of mind means a great deal.
Peace of mind means having confidence and trust in a system.
Peace of mind produces right values, right values produce right thoughts.
Peace of mind seems like an impossible goal.
Peace of mind seems so long gone.
Some peace of mind needs to be given.
A peace officer is a guardian
Peace officers are higher risks than the norm for alcoholism, suicides, and stress-related diseases.
Peace officers are in a unique position in our society.
Peace officers conduct investigations.
Peace officers have causes.
Peace officers have certain protections while making arrests and enforcing laws.
Peace officers have different law enforcement authority than police officers.
Peace officers have probable causes.
Peace officers include city police.
Peace officers include police.
Peace officers volunteer to have their heads shaved to raise money for children with cancer.
All peace officers are perceptive and aware, even though they are sleepers.
Most peace officers are honest and ethical.
Most peace officers conduct investigations.
Most peace officers have causes.
Most peace officers have probable causes.
Most peace officers recognize the importance of being physically fit.
Some peace officers receive justice.
A peace process is a social process
Peace process falters repeatedly.
Peace process lacks a sense of direction.
Peace process slows for three years.
Peace process slows.
Peace processes are delicate, dynamic and risky.
Peace processes are difficult and dangerous things, with the ability to fail as well as succeed.
Peace processes are social processes.
Any peace process has to have clearly defined objectives.
Peace River has many vacation opportunities that can be enjoyed throughout the year.
Peace River is really fortunate.
Peace River is situated on the edge of Alberta' s wilderness.
Peace River is situated on the edge of Alberta's wilderness.
Peace scouts score by collecting the tags.
Peace talks adjourn in failure, and Serbian forces mass in and around Kosovo.
Peace talks are now under way at last and are likely to drag on for weeks.
Peace talks begin a year later.
Peace talks begin in Geneva.
Peace talks begin in Korea.
Peace talks begin in Paris.
Peace talks begin.
Peace talks break down again.
Peace talks continue sporadically.
Peace talks continue.
Peace talks happen, then break down.
Peace talks is a victim of the policy of escalation of the war.
Peace talks take place in Geneva.
A peace treaty is a treaty
Peace treaties reflect strategic realities.
Peace treaty concludes with a forthcoming unification of the two countries.
Peace treaty is an alternative for weapons.
Peace accentuates anger.
Peace according to Israel, however, pursues a different course.
Peace again reigns in the city.
Peace alone is peace.
Peace also has a rich social meaning.
Peace also involves water.
Peace also is necessary.
Peace also requires medicine, land to harvest, schools, tools for working, etc.
Peace appears closer than ever.
Peace appears to be at hand.
Peace be on Ibrahim.
Peace be outtie.
Peace be sill.
Peace be still and be vigilant.
Peace be still as the spirit circulates throughout the body.
Peace be still.
Peace be the journey.
Peace be the way.
Peace be to all.
Peace be to the good mans ashes.
Peace be to thee .
Peace be to thee.
Peace be to their ashes, a soldier's fate.
Peace be to their dust.
Peace be to their spirits where they have gone.
Peace be unto all.
Peace be unto thee that readest.
Peace be unto thee, And unto thee, peace.
Peace be unto thee.
Peace be upon all muslim and muslimah out there.
Peace be upon all prophets and people of the world.
Peace be upon every African step towards a better future.
Peace be upon Israel. .
Peace be upon Israel.
Peace be upon the entire world.
Peace be upon the messengers.
Peace be upon whoever follows the guidance.
Peace be with all Who remain here on earth, with memories and deep felt devotion.
Peace be with all.
Peace be with everyone.
Peace be with thee, whether in the uplands or lowlands.
Peace be with thee.
Peace be with you- gone.
Peace be within thy walls , and prosperity within thy palaces .
Peace be within thy walls and plenteousness within thy palaces.
Peace be within thy walls and prosperity within thy palaces.
Peace be within thy walls, and prosperity within thy palaces.
Peace be within thy walls, And prosperity within thy palaces.
Peace be within thy walls.
Peace becomes a real peace based on right relations.
Peace begins and ends with people.
Peace begins at home.
Peace begins at the cross.
Peace begins in a single chair.
Peace begins in the family.
Peace begins in the heart of a person and it spreads out to others.
Peace begins in the hearts and minds of each individual.
Peace begins in the individual heart.
Peace begins in the mind.
Peace begins in the soul and in the heart.
Peace begins in the womb.
Peace begins when the hungry are fed.
Peace begins where people have learned to live in harmony with each other.
Peace begins with justice.
Peace begins with solidarity.
Peace being instilled brings serenity to the storm.
Peace Breaks Out .
Peace breaks out in cellular industry Moves afoot suggest GSM accord is on way.
Peace brings benefits to all, yet is the path that requires the most effort on each person's part.
Peace brings joy.
Peace brings the risk of losing that status - and the prospect of unemployment.
Peace can be deadly too.
Peace can be hell on defense stocks.
Peace can bear fruit.
Peace can become more comfortable than chaos.
Peace can become war, and love can become knowledge.
Peace can begin when there is no hunger in the world.
Peace can come only from the fountain of peace within.
Peace can come only with understanding, and travel is an important means of acquiring it.
Peace can do anything.
Peace can mean no war, no conflicts.
Peace can never be sustainable unless all key participants are at the table.
Peace can never come at the expense of truth.
Peace can no longer be just about peace making and peace keeping.
Peace can offer significant financial assistance to students who qualify.
Peace can only come when grace is understood and embraced.
Peace can only come with an enemy who is willing to make peace.
Peace can only exists if justice is maintained in society.
Peace can only occur when people acknowledge the mistakes of the past.
Peace can reign for a while until, seemingly without warning, all hell breaks loose.
Peace can sweeten all our afflictions, it turns our water into wine.
Peace carries the idea of total well-being of mind and heart and body.
Peace clears the airways and allows the people to have an ear to hear.
Peace comes about by letting go.
Peace comes after victory, victory comes after a battle.
Peace comes as a result of the truth . . .
Peace comes at a price.
Peace comes first, so that resources are optimised for growth.
Peace comes from accepting what was for what it was and moving on.
Peace comes from goodwill.
Peace comes from honoring our squabbles but staying in communion with one another.
Peace comes from the highest place there is, from that holy place where the whole world is one.
Peace comes from understanding that life is what it is.
Peace comes from unity of mind and body.
Peace comes from within.
Peace comes in unprecedented ways.
Peace comes like ripples on a pond.
Peace comes only through forgiveness.
Peace comes through cooperation, interaction, and understanding.
Peace comes through hope.
Peace comes through mutual respect.
Peace comes through strength.
Peace Comes to El Salvador.
Peace comes to people in many different ways.
Peace comes with a mentality.
Peace comes with dependence on divine power.
Peace comes with letting go, surrendering, and acceptance.
Peace comes within the souls of men, When they realize their oneness with the universe.
Peace comes, and it is sweet.
Peace concerns the whole human family.
Peace constitutes the highest value for human society today.
Peace continues to be challenged all around the world.
Peace continues to elude south Sudan as one negotiation after another collapses in failure.
Peace continues, but stay on neutral ground.
Peace creates wholeness.
Peace demands democracy, equality and justice.
Peace demands growth, and growth takes work both individually and communality.
Peace demands justice and justice requires fundamental change.
Peace demands justice.
Peace demands the most heroic labor and the most difficult sacrifice.
Peace depends on an holistic approach to social justice and equity.
Peace depends on investment.
Peace depends on mutual respect.
Peace depends on our respecting the unique needs of all the living members of our world.
Peace depends on the character and behavior of our foes.
Peace depends upon something more than economic conditions.
Peace depends upon the devotion of every individual to the cause of peace.
Peace destroy around that discussion though start international school.
Peace dissolves non-peace.
Peace Do everything with a mind that lets go.
Peace does no mugging.
Peace does the opposite.
Peace dominates war.
Peace dwells in the land.
Peace entails difficulties, even pain.
Peace excludes intolerance and callousness.
Peace features a pleasing blend of traditional and contemporary styles of Christian music.
Peace features thick canes covered with shiny, green foliage.
Peace features thick canes covered with shiny, moderate green foliage.
Peace feels warm and soft like a hug of joy.
Peace generally comes closer to the former than to the latter.
Peace gently enters our hearts.
Peace gives calm and unity to the appetite.
Peace goes into the making of a poet as flour goes into the making of bread.
Peace grows in our hearts and grows through our deeds.
Peace grows out of love.
Peace happens one person at a time.
Peace has a difficult time remaining in a raging, angry life.
Peace has a price.
Peace has close personal ties as well as campaign-finance links to the industry.
Peace has no borders.
Peace has no relevance whatsoever to the matter.
Peace has no temperature.
Peace has nothing to do with peace treaties, police forces and armies that 'enforce' peace.
Peace has to be built.
Peace has to be earned through long, arduous labour.
Peace has to be made .
Peace has to be negotiated between the parties involved.
Peace has to be worked for and planned for.
Peace has to connect people.
Peace has to have value in itself.
Peace has to start in each one's life - then hand to hand.
Peace holds a green branch signifying plentiful crops.
Peace holds many secrets.
Peace implies that love, compassion, human dignity, and justice are fully preserved.
Peace implies war.
Peace includes everything which makes for our highest good.
Peace induces rest - sometimes even sleep.
Peace interferes with the development of new weapons.
Peace involves activity that promotes understanding and service to the community.
Peace involves mutual respect and confidence between peoples and nations.
Peace is , thus, more than merely the absence of discord or war.
Peace Is . . .
Peace is a basic requirement, more important than anything else.
Peace is a beautiful album that is marvelously crafted and presented.
Peace is a beautiful thing.
Peace is a bond that unites people of different dispositions into a society of friendship and love.
Peace is a bright ideal.
Peace is a by-product of love.
Peace is a by-product of the victorious Christian life.
Peace is a child which appears through man's union with the cosmic order.
Peace is a choice.
Peace is a church, where everyone is welcome and accepted.
Peace is a common desire for peoples throughout the world.
Peace is a concept created by mind, and an experience felt by the mind.
Peace is a condition of security, belonging, contentment and fulfillment.
Peace is a conscious choice.
Peace is a constant comfort.
Peace is a day-to day problem, the product of a multitude of events and judgments.
Peace is a delicate balance at best.
Peace is a dynamic, constructive expression of human energy.
Peace is a far more elusive quantity.
Peace is a feeling of inner calmness.
Peace is a feeling.
Peace is a frame for conflict management.
Peace is a fruit of the tree of justice.
Peace is a function of power.
Peace is a gift of the Most High, but it is also a task given to man.
Peace is a gift of the spirit.
Peace is a gift toward which all history tends and all human yearning points.
Peace is a gift.
Peace is a good thing because it is liberty.
Peace is a good thing.
Peace is a grace.
Peace is a healer.
Peace is a holistic concept in the Scriptures.
Peace is a holistic issue, a heritage within different groups in society.
Peace is a journey - a never ending process.
Peace is a kind heart , to a lonely friend.
Peace is a larger concept than the absence of war.
Peace is a long time in the making, but so is a millennium.
Peace is a long walk on the beach at night.
Peace is a long way off.
Peace is a longing.
Peace is a long-term process.
Peace is a lot cheaper.
Peace is a matter of art, engaging the heart.
Peace is a matter of education.
Peace is a matter of one side's ability to give the potential aggressor second thoughts.
Peace is a matter of the heart.
Peace is a matter of the human heart and is achieved one heart at a time.
Peace is a member of several professional and honorary societies.
Peace is a multi-dimensional reality.
Peace is a natural state that exists independent of all human endeavours.
Peace is a necessary condition for satisfying most of one's desires.
Peace is a one-way road.
Peace is a path that is chosen consciously.
Peace is a pipe dream for idealistic morons.
Peace is a point far beyond the balcony of man's understanding.
Peace is a positive concept.
Peace is a positive condition - the rule of law.
Peace is a powerful means to an ends.
Peace is a powerful thing.
Peace is a precious treasure to be sought with great zeal.
Peace is a prerequisite for development, so is good governance.
Peace is a prerequisite for food security.
Peace is a prerequisite.
Peace is a process of love which can draw the whole of humanity into a harmonious union.
Peace is a process that follows a serpentine trail often appears to go backward.
Peace is a process.
Peace is a product of education and people living harmoniously together.
Peace is a project.
Peace is a rejoicing.
Peace is a renewable resource, but the world lacks enough processing capacity.
Peace is a requirement for believers.
Peace is a set of ideas.
Peace is a set of skills.
Peace is a sine qua non to allow the two peoples to work for a life of dignity and happiness.
Peace is a state of being.
Peace is a state of calm arising from a heart of compassion.
Peace is a state of calm.
Peace is a state of quiet.
Peace is a state of respect, cooperation and well being.
Peace is a state which results from the marriage of good and truth in our life.
Peace is a strategic objective of both Israel and the Arab states.
Peace is a structure.
Peace is a struggle.
Peace is a two-storey establishment.
Peace is a typical example for an extremely careful design of a hierarchy of thread abstractions.
Peace is a typo.
Peace is a valuable and desirable thing.
Peace is a verb.
Peace is a very apoplexy , lethargy, mulled, deaf, sleepy, insensible.
Peace is a very complex issue, and hence finding solutions is most challenging.
Peace is a very great blessing.
Peace is a very rare, costly, and fragile commodity.
Peace is a very simple, but also a very powerful idea, whose time has come.
Peace is a victory for everybody after all.
Peace is a vital element of security.
Peace is a way of life that is completely the opposite of violence in every way.
Peace is a way of life.
Peace is a way of reimagining the world.
Peace is a way of thinking and acting, a culture and a way of life.
Peace is a wonderful notion, but to be human seems to negate the very idea of peace.
Peace is a world where all of humanity can grow together for the betterment of the planet.
Peace is about giving a helping hand.
Peace is about love.
Peace is about more than ending a war or segregation.
Peace is about personal reconciliation.
Peace is about transcending the old ways, seeing the world in a new light.
Peace is about working together.
Peace is achievable.
Peace is achieved.
Peace is action that is dynamic and positive.
Peace is airy, or moody.
Peace is also an important guarantee for the security of both the investment and the investor.
Peace is always a blessing.
Peace is always beautiful.
Peace is always more difficult to wage than violent conflicts.
Peace is always obtainable.
Peace is always possible, it can always prevail.
Peace is always present, though it is sometimes hidden.
Peace is an aberration between wars.
Peace is an acceptance of all that is.
Peace is an active and permanent creation, in everyone's mind, and in all our relations.
Peace is an active, viable, hopeful way of living.
Peace is an argument against defense spending.
Peace is an armistice in a war that is continuously going on.
Peace is an attitude of mind.
Peace is an attitude.
Peace is an end in itself.
Peace is an essential ingredient in a happy and long life.
Peace is an explosively subtle state.
Peace is an ideal.
Peace is an illusion.
Peace is an illusive commodity.
Peace is an indivisible value.
Peace is an inner stance.
Peace is an inner state of alert calmness and vibrant tranquility.
Peace is an inseparable factor for human development.
Peace is an offering to the world.
Peace is an on-going process.
Peace is an unknown continent.
Peace is and exists because one puts down their thoughts that bring about violence in thought.
Peace is another name for steadiness of the mind.
Peace is another theme.
Peace is as peace does.
Peace is ashamed at the vain and superficial reasons which princes use to plunge the world into war.
Peace is at hand.
Peace is at the heart of the city.
Peace is at the very heart of the Christian message.
Peace is attainable.
Peace is back, children are in school.
Peace is better than war, honor surpasses deceit, and love overcomes hate.
Peace is better.
Peace is between peoples as well as leaders.
Peace is both an action and a choice.
Peace is both the intent and the process from which feminist activism arises.
Peace is bought with an exchange of advantage, so make the advantage and then settle.
Peace is brought about by accommodation and compromise.
Peace is built day by day, hour by hour.
Peace is built on justice, and honesty, and openness.
Peace is but a pretense.
Peace is calmness, acquired by the discovery of something found while on a journey.
Peace is central to sustainable development.
Peace is certainly a benefit for markets in general.
Peace is certainly the object of the difficult and intensive work of Polish diplomacy.
Peace is clothed in prolixity.
Peace is come to a world gasping, groaning, aching.
Peace is compassionate doing.
Peace is concomitant.
Peace is contagious.
Peace is costly.
Peace is created by the mind.
Peace is creativity in action.
Peace is crucial now, more than ever.
Peace is crucial, and it's an important interest.
Peace is declared between Britain and Burma.
Peace is declared between England and France.
Peace is declared just days before the contest begins.
Peace is defined as politicians in contest with politicians.
Peace is defined here as far more than a personal calm in mind and body.
Peace is delicious.
Peace is dependent upon one's intellectual appraisals.
Peace is described as an absence of conflict between family members.
Peace is detrimental to new businesses.
Peace is discovered actually in the making.
Peace is dynamic and requires great effort of spirit and mind to attain unity.
Peace is dynamism.
Peace is earned by strength and strength begins with the men and women who wear the uniform.
Peace is elusive.
Peace is essential to Lebanon.
Peace is established by guaranteeing to every person security in the possession of property.
Peace is every child's right.
Peace is every step.
Peace is expensive indeed.
Peace is finally a realistic option.
Peace is finally here.
Peace is for everyone.
Peace is for the restless.
Peace is for the weak.
Peace is found in the presence of people who care.
Peace is fragile, and government institutions are feeble and immature.
Peace is Free.
Peace is freedom and freedom has a price.
Peace is freedom and friendship to all people.
Peace is freedom from sickness and disease.
Peace is freedom from war or disturbances.
Peace is freedom.
Peace is friendship, and caring and helping each other.
Peace is further away than it has been at any moment in the past few years.
Peace is generosity.
Peace is gone.
Peace is good for business.
Peace is good for democracy.
Peace is good for prosperity and prosperity is the best peace-maker.
Peace is good to have.
Peace is good, but everyone needs a just peace.
Peace is good.
Peace is hard.
Peace is harder than war.
Peace is harder to come by and seems to be getting farther away all the time.
Peace is harmony.
Peace is held hostage by the ruling clique in Ethiopia.
Peace is hell.
Peace is hence absurd, or rather it is a pause in war.
Peace is here and in every season a quiet beauty.
Peace is here.
Peace is ignored everywhere in the world.
Peace is imperilled.
Peace is imposible so long as the annexation process continues.
Peace is impossible when civilians, let alone innocent babies, are considered fair targets.
Peace is in every step.
Peace is in one claw of the eagle while war is in the other.
Peace is in progress.
Peace is in the air in Kashmir.
Peace is in the air.
Peace is in the grave.
Peace is in the nature of Reality.
Peace is indeed the counterpart of war.
Peace is indivisible.
Peace is inescapable.
Peace is instituted between France and Austria.
Peace is just a thought away.
Peace is known even in war.
Peace is known to be, when clear skies prevail.
Peace is less engaging and makes for duller headlines than the atrocities of a bitter sectarian war.
Peace is light whereas war is darkness.
Peace is light, whereas war is darkness.
Peace is like a drop in a pond, spreading outward.
Peace is like a family all working together.
Peace is like lonely flowers That sit in the field for countless hours.
Peace is like the color of red.
Peace is like the neutral gear on a car.
Peace is linked to Kyrgyzstan.
Peace is located in synagogues.
Peace is long past due.
Peace is lost.
Peace is love and light and joy.
Peace is love enjoying harmony in relationships.
Peace is love in repose.
Peace is love.
Peace is made by people of enemy languages, races, classes, and sexes eating together.
Peace is made first with brothers.
Peace is made when enemies dare to talk.
Peace is made when enemies talk.
Peace is made with all things.
Peace is meant in the community and school sense as well as regional and world peace.
Peace is merely that brief glorious moment in history when everybody stops to reload.
Peace is more difficult than war .
Peace is more important than anything else.
Peace is more precious than a piece of land.
Peace is more than a dream and it is achievable.
Peace is more than a lack of conflict.
Peace is more than just the absence of war.
Peace is more than secure borders.
Peace is more than the absence of civil strife or public disturbances.
Peace is more than the absence of conflict between nations.
Peace is more than the absence of conflict or trouble.
Peace is more than the absence of war and conflict.
Peace is more than the absence of war.
Peace is more than the absence of warfare.
Peace is more than the gradual removal of a threat of war.
Peace is more than the juridical end of the state of belligerency.
Peace is more than the mere cessation of antipathy.
Peace is more then the absence of war.
Peace is more valuable than avoiding hurt egos.
Peace is much harder than war.
Peace is much more complex and vexing than war.
Peace is much more than that.
Peace is much more than the absence of violence.
Peace is much more than the absence of war.
Peace is much more urgent, much more important, than the orthodox scandals.
Peace is necessary and redemptive, and worth learning about.
Peace is needed between nations.
Peace is needed by all peoples and human beings of the world.
Peace is needed in relationships.
Peace is needed in the home.
Peace is needed in the workplace.
Peace is needed.
Peace is negotiable through the trading of land.
Peace is neither an unattainable ideal nor an abstract concept.
Peace is neither one polarity nor the other, it is the balance of both.
Peace is never a perfect achievement.
Peace is never easy or cheap.
Peace is never very far away.
Peace is no dream, no utopia, no illusion.
Peace is no longer a matter of policy but of conviction.
Peace is no longer an option.
Peace is nothing but a result of war.
Peace is nothing but the aftermath of war or the interlude between wars.
Peace is nothing less than love for one's fellow humans.
Peace is nothing to feel, nothing to grab, nothing to do.
Peace is now crucial to oursurvival as a species.
Peace is now the alternative to years of mess in the region.
Peace is Now.
Peace is obtainable here and now.
Peace is obtained by promoting free peoples in a world of freedom.
Peace is obtained through understanding.
Peace is of little meaning if it is limited to one family, one tribe, or one nation.
Peace is of the internal man.
Peace is one of the precious regenerators of the spirit that heals and restores.
Peace is one of the surest signs of strength.
Peace is only a cover-up for humiliation.
Peace is only a forerunner.
Peace is only possible if the feuding parties both seek it.
Peace is only possible with justice.
Peace is only relevant when the conflicts are carefully and accurately analyzed.
Peace is order and order is the continuation of the status quo.
Peace is Order and Order keeps objects in their proper place.
Peace is order
Peace is order.
Peace is our birthright.
Peace is our common cause.
Peace is our continuing commitment.
Peace is our highest aspiration.
Peace is our means to security and stability, reconstruction, production and prosperity.
Peace is our objective.
Peace is our preferred path as it has always been, and armed struggle is only a forced option.
Peace is our profession - mass murder is just a hobby.
Peace is our real enemy.
Peace is our shelter.
Peace is our sole target as well as of the entire world today.
Peace is our ultimate goal.
Peace is our way.
Peace is out of the question.
Peace is over, for by becoming too entrenched a degree of fate enters, and collapse reveals itself.
Peace is patriotic.
Peace is people in harmony with themselves and with nature.
Peace is pictured like an armed guard who is standing outside our mind and heart.
Peace is possible between people.
Peace is possible even where, for too long, there has been fighting and death.
Peace is Possible in East Timor.
Peace is possible in the world.
Peace is possible only if there is right-eousness.
Peace is possible when people open their hearts to each other to listen and learn from one another.
Peace is possible when the parties are able to move beyond name-calling.
Peace is possible wherever peace is sought in earnest.
Peace is possible, even in the storm or in the darkest night.
Peace is possible, harmony is possible.
Peace is possible, peace is a duty, peace is a prime responsibility of everyone.
Peace is possible.
Peace is Possible.
Peace is practical.
Peace is practiced actively.
Peace is precious.
Peace is preferred and unwritten social statutes have emerged with time.
Peace is priceless.
Peace is promoted by innocence and faith the deepest bond of love of self given to humanity.
Peace is pure gift.
Peace is quiet and it's the colour white.
Peace is quiet.
Peace is quietness or rest.
Peace is rated one of the top linebackers in the nation and is a midterm transfer.
Peace is rational and reasonable.
Peace is real if the great majority on both sides accepts it whole-heartily as a fair compromise.
Peace is real, but oh, what to get there.
Peace is really priceless.
Peace is related to joy.
Peace is removed from the earth.
Peace is republican.
Peace is respect for the rights of others.
Peace is revealed to the world through peaceful people.
Peace is right here.
Peace is sacred.
Peace is security.
Peace is security.
Peace is shattered by the darkness of a troubled conscience and the rupture of relationshiops.
Peace is shattered.
Peace is shoreless ocean - it is the light that illuminates the world.
Peace is signed between England and France.
Peace is simplicity of heart, serenity of mind, tranquillity of soul, the bond of love.
Peace is so close, but there is much distrust to overcome.
Peace is so dull, so long-range, so constructive.
Peace is so much more.
Peace is so sweet.
Peace is soft and gentle and lovable.
Peace is something far deeper.
Peace is something the whole world yearns for.
Peace is sought and won through conflict, like a sad doom necessary for self-defense.
Peace is still a recent phenomenon in Nicaragua, as is tourism.
Peace is still available and peace is still possible.
Peace is still far away.
Peace is still fragile in the Middle East.
Peace is such a powerful word as it is used in the Bible.
Peace is such an ideal.
Peace is such as valuable goal.
Peace is synonymous with integral human development.
Peace is taken from the earth, and men slay each other.
Peace is taken from the earth.
Peace is tangible.
Peace is that deep experience of the rightness of things.
Peace is that state that follows the end of a war or the resolution of a conflict.
Peace is the absence of all aggressiveness.
Peace is the absence of conflict and a point of balance.
Peace is the absence of hatred.
Peace is the absence of war, poverty and hunger.
Peace is the answer.
Peace is the attainment of that all-encompassing concept of human dignity.
Peace is the balance of a thousand forces in the human mind.
Peace is the base or foundation for all issues among the peoples and communities of the region.
Peace is the basic factor for the security, stability and growth of the peoples of the region.
Peace is the basic fundamental choice and the necessary instrument to establish a government.
Peace is the basis of real progress.
Peace is the basis on which dynamism blossoms.
Peace is the beauty of life.
Peace is the bedrock of all human development activities.
Peace is the beginning.
Peace is the best weapon to stop war.
Peace is the bond.
Peace is the byproduct.
Peace is the central theme of the Memorial.
Peace is the cessation of againstness.
Peace is the characteristic of the mind of Man.
Peace is the common greeting.
Peace is the culture of the biosphere.
Peace is the deepest of yearnings of the human heart.
Peace is the direct result of charity, for that is the virtue, which produces union of hearts.
Peace is the dominant theme.
Peace is the dynamic reality that surrounds our actions.
Peace is the essence of our own innate nature and can never be destroyed.
Peace is the essence of security.
Peace is the exception.
Peace is the foundation of all development and progress.
Peace is the foundation upon which everything is created.
Peace is the fruit of destination as much as it is our destination.
Peace is the fruit of justice and is dependent upon right order among humans and among nations.
Peace is the fruit of justice, as is often said.
Peace is the fruit of justice.
Peace is the fruit of righteousness.
Peace is the fruit of solidarity.
Peace is the fundamental value of the federalist movement.
Peace is the future.
Peace is the gaurdian, protecting any degree of understanding.
Peace is the generous, tranquil contribution of all to the good of all.
Peace is the great venture.
Peace is the greatest weapon for development that any people can have.
Peace is the happy, natural state of man.
Peace is the heart s desire of mankind, but has been unattainable throughout our history.
Peace is the inherent right of all children.
Peace is the inner calm which comes from the possession of love.
Peace is the interest of both Egypt and the peoples of the region.
Peace is the interlude between two wars.
Peace is the issue here.
Peace Is The lyrics .
Peace is the message the people want to hear.
Peace is the most basic testimony.
Peace is the most beautiful thing in the world, answered a weary soldier.
Peace is the most covetable possession on the earth.
Peace is the most important and indispensable factor for all growth and development.
Peace is the most important platform for security.
Peace is the most important thing.
Peace is the mother of kindness, sensitivity and affection.
Peace is the norm.
Peace is the objective.
Peace is the one thing left to spare, It walks the streets and fills the air.
Peace is the only hope for progress and to prevent further humanitarian catastrophe.
Peace is the only means to security.
Peace is the only option.
Peace is the only solution.
Peace is the only way for the security and stability of the peoples of the Middle East region.
Peace is the only way.
Peace is the opposite of remorse.
Peace is the opposite of security.
Peace is the order of the day.
Peace is the organization of rank and file employees of the provincial government.
Peace is the path to justice.
Peace is the perfect peace that 'passeth all understanding'.
Peace is the perspective found in patterns.
Peace is the possession of the pious, the possession of heirs.
Peace is the preferred option.
Peace is the prerequisite for stability and stability the forerunner of prosperity.
Peace is the presence of justice .
Peace is the presence of social justice.
Peace is the primary concern and preoccupation of women in Syria.
Peace is the problem.
Peace is the property of the heart.
Peace is the provider of all good things and opens the door to love.
Peace is the resolution of a struggle between people.
Peace is the result of both, and therefore stands third in order.
Peace is the result of grace.
Peace is the rightful result of love.
Peace Is The Road From top to bottom.
Peace is the road.
Peace is the secure opposite of strife.
Peace is the serenity that comes when all elements are in harmony.
Peace is the small village on the map that everybody has heard about, but few go to.
Peace is the solution to stable oil prices and a flourishing world economy.
Peace is the solution to the most complex problem.
Peace is the soul's wisdom, seeking the personality.
Peace is the sum of individual initiative.
Peace is the teachings of Aquarius.
Peace is the top priority for development organizations.
Peace is the tranquility of order.
Peace is the tranquillity of order.
Peace is the transfer of power without bloodshed.
Peace is the ultimate and only guarantee of security to civilians in any armed conflict.
Peace is the ultimate state of completion, and so is represented by the same word.
Peace is the umbilical cord.
Peace is the umpire.
Peace is the underlying condition of all prayer.
Peace is the uniting of opposites.
Peace is the utmost national objective.
Peace is the very nature of human beings.
Peace is the vision of all possibilities.
Peace is the way to peace.
Peace is the way to perfection, indeed in peace is perfection to be found.
Peace is the way, the way is peace now.
Peace is the way.
Peace is the Way.
Peace Is The Way.
Peace is the whole person at rest.
Peace is the wish of the world.
Peace is the word.
Peace is the work of justice and the effect of charity.
Peace is the World Smiling A collection of contemporary stories, poems, etc.
Peace is the world smiling.
Peace is their ultimate goal.
Peace is therefore the overriding priority.
Peace is thicker than exhaustion.
Peace is threatened.
Peace is thrown into a deep cave by the God War.
Peace is to be found there, in the voice within.
Peace is to be found through strength.
Peace is to be peaceful.
Peace is to have the final word on all matters.
Peace is to respect the others.
Peace is to rule or govern our hearts, our thoughts, our affections and ourway of life.
Peace is to share.
Peace is to show how humble one can be.
Peace is too important to be left only to governments.
Peace is too important to the whole world and to regional stability to be left unresolved.
Peace is tranquillity.
Peace is treaties.
Peace is truth.
Peace is Truth.
Peace is unapologetic.
Peace is unattainable without respect for human rights.
Peace is unavailable on Earth.
Peace is unimaginable on any other basis.
Peace is used here as an adjective, a descriptive word.
Peace is very active.
Peace is very difficult but always possible.
Peace is very expensive, but war is much more expensive.
Peace is very great.
Peace is very near,if everyone stop shedding blood of their own species.
Peace is very near.
Peace is very precious, because it is necessary for life.
Peace is very, very important.
Peace is war and the elimination of Israel.
Peace is war.
Peace is what brings freedom.
Peace is what happens when it's a better alternative than war.
Peace is what Israel wants.
Peace is what men fight for and war is overpowered by love.
Peace is what tough guys understand.
Peace is when everyone can get along.
Peace is when war is over, and love is when hate is at war.
Peace is where everybody gets along with each other.
Peace is within an individual.
Peace is within and without.
Peace is within easy reach in Vietnam.
Peace is within.
Peace is won by winning hearts and minds.
Peace is won with blood.
Peace is wonderful as a divine theory.
Peace is wonderful, and living out the commandment of love produces peace.
Peace is wonderful.
Peace is yesterday's reverie.
Peace is, apparently, in their interest.
Peace is, thus, more than merely the absence of discord or war.
Peace isa state.
Peace isnt easy in a crazy world but the quest for light is worth the adventure.
Peace Keep our planet friendly and enjoy life.
Peace knows no opposition.
Peace lily can recover from severe wilting when watered.
Peace lily is very sensitive to chilling temperatures.
Peace lily plants like a good source of light.
Peace limits Congressional appropriations.
Peace lives in all others.
Peace looks pretty and happy like a tree of happiness.
Peace makes sense because that is truly the worst enemy of the terrorists.
Peace means a different way of thinking and living.
Peace means a nice life.
Peace means absent of mental conflict, absent of battle, serenity in the mind.
Peace means agreeing to indigenous autonomy.
Peace means alot.
Peace means an end to arms buying, training and recruitment.
Peace means an undisturbed state of mind.
Peace means being kind.
Peace means being nice to others.
Peace means breaking the political taboos of yester-years and of today.
Peace means care.
Peace means coexistence and tolerance, both in the natural and human environment.
Peace means compromise between the red lines of the two sides.
Peace means desisting from violence, terror, occupation, exile and settlement.
Peace means development.
Peace means doing good to any one in any manner.
Peace means everyone getting along.
Peace means everyone is happy.
Peace means freedom from a war or stopping of a war.
Peace means freedom from disagreement or quarrels.
Peace means freedom from public disturbance or disorder.
Peace means freedom.
Peace means getting along together.
Peace means joy and happiness.
Peace means justice.
Peace means kindness.
Peace means liberty.
Peace means love and concern, Everywhere.
Peace means love sharing and being friends.
Peace means love throughout the world.
Peace means much more than the absence of war.
Peace means no fighting, no war.
Peace means no hitting, fighting, yelling, whining and so forth.
Peace means no internal struggle as well as external struggle.
Peace means no more hungry or homeless people.
Peace means no more than the absence of war, violence or conflict.
Peace means no pain.
Peace means no trouble.
Peace means no wars.
Peace means nothing.
Peace means obedience, and love, and trust, and transformation.
Peace means praying for our enemies.
Peace means putting up with annoying people.
Peace means respect for the land, other species and people.
Peace means security.
Peace means the end of business.
Peace means the presence of harmony, love, satisfaction and oneness.
Peace means the state of calm, a quiet spirit.
Peace means to Live.
Peace means to love.
Peace means to resolve conflict with words and if givin a chance to fight, deny it.
Peace needs a strong foundation.
Peace needs all the chances it can get in the Mideast.
Peace needs force and deterrence.
Peace needs leadership.
Peace needs time.
Peace needs to be cool.
Peace needs to be more than just the absence of cold war.
Peace needs to be taught and regarded as a top priority in children's lives.
Peace needs to provide security for the citizens of Israel.
Peace needs to provide security.
Peace never comes easily, but ancient Rome thought they had done a good job of achieving it.
Peace never comes easily.
Peace never exists as a condition, only as a process.
Peace Now deserves a gold medal for hypocrisy.
Peace now endangers much of the forests.
Peace now has a chance in Ireland.
Peace Now is no longer a protest movement.
Peace Now is purely a Jewish phenomenon.
Peace Now is the preeminent example of a peace criminal organization.
Peace now looks as far away as ever.
Peace now reigns throughout our galaxy.
Peace now reigns.
Peace occurs when common ground is met and raised to a higher ground.
Peace offers a solid core of academic majors with numerous concentrations.
Peace offers biblical examples of anger.
Peace only comes from genuine calm.
Peace only comes when it has more to offer both sides than conflict.
Peace pays in many ways.
Peace pervades the atmosphere where one is surrounded by space, light and nature's colorful beauty.
Peace pleases peas' seeds.
Peace prevails when freedom and justice are realized and the dignity of man is protected.
Peace proceeds by rising degrees of readiness.
Peace quickly returns to the meadow at the edge of a lush forest.
Peace reduces their personal costs of acting contrary to national economic efficiency.
Peace reigns among vegetarians and carnivores of all sizes, who dance side by side.
Peace reigns at last.
Peace reigns in the neighborhood.
Peace reigns on the continent.
Peace reigns supreme.
Peace reigns throughout the country.
Peace reigns victorious.
Peace remains elusive.
Peace remains illusion, utopia and mere hope, unless the people themselves work on it.
Peace remains to be seen.
Peace replaces turmoil.
Peace requires a hopeful heart.
Peace requires a kind of strength that goes far beyond anything violence can accomplish.
Peace requires a settlement between Irish nationalists and Irish unionists.
Peace requires accepting that the other side is far from perfect.
Peace requires both social and economic justice.
Peace requires effort and hard work but it is the sacred duty of every religious person.
Peace requires in some ways more strength than war.
Peace requires justice, tolerance and the goodness of soul that raises men above the beasts.
Peace requires painful compromises by both sides.
Peace requires partners.
Peace requires that no community thinks of itself as a separate nation.
Peace requires that the existing agreements in the area be honored.
Peace requires the active involvement of the international community.
Peace requires the conditions of democracy, freedom and justice to eradicate the causes of war.
Peace requires 'the intellectual and moral solidarity of mankind'.
Peace resides in the mind of such a person.
Peace rests with the parties to the conflict.
Peace results off none sheep likewise understand billiards book.
Peace returns to Birr.
Peace returns to the valley.
Peace reveals our oneness and our source.
Peace rules the day where reason rules the mind.
Peace rules the day, where reason rules the mind.
Peace rules the land for many years.
Peace says on the tape.
Peace seeks to keep the world whole, to keep it from being ripped apart.
Peace seems a long way off while the internal rot continues to carve the country up.
Peace seems as far away as ever.
Peace seems farther than ever as both sides have stepped up the violence in the conflict.
Peace seems like a nice label to put on flatness, dullness, vanilla ice cream.
Peace seems so elusive.
Peace seems so fragile.
Peace seems to hang in such a fragile balance around the world.
Peace seems to return to Lebanon.
Peace seems to rule the lands.
Peace Send some sweet advice.
Peace serves development, achieves prosperity.
Peace settles across the complex like a soft blanket.
Peace settles over the valley and cattle raising becomes a profitable industry.
Peace shows the way to right conduct.
Peace smells fresh and beautiful like a flower of kindness.
Peace somehow takes away some of the firepower.
Peace sounds happy and beautiful like waves of greatness.
Peace spreads in one region as hatred rages in another.
Peace stands tall, and covering it all is a blanket of snowy lace.
Peace stands upon justice, equality, and democracy.
Peace starts from everyone's heart.
Peace starts with a smile.
Peace starts with dialogue.
Peace starts with each individual.
Peace starts within.
Peace still has to come to the hearts of people, to our communities, to every nation on earth.
Peace takes generations.
Peace takes hard work.
Peace takes more than a few courageous leaders.
Peace talks A precarious future Our Say.
Peace talks The rebels had issued two other conditions.
Peace tastes soft and squishy like marshmallows.
Peace tastes sweet and good like a cookie of love.
Peace tends to be a universal desire behind even the crankiest rules.
Peace there means peace everywhere in Europe.
Peace trickles down to friendships.
Peace try to pussyfoot around it.
Peace turns to the scholars and philosophers, but here finds continual disputing.
Peace unlocks Israeli tourist meccas.
Peace uses a variety of worship formats as well as both traditional and contemporary songs.
Peace uses poetry and collages to help victims of abuse and trauma to recover from their ordeals.
Peace walks hand in hand with reconciliation, forgiveness, and healing.
Peace always costs someone their life.
Peace always follows a victory.
Peace always seems to be that elusive prize, always dangling just beyond our fingertips.
Peace often exists between states with weak economic ties and between poor states.
Peace sometimes seems far away and difficult to find, yet alone maintain.
Peace sometimes stands like the eye of a hurricane in the very middle of power.
Peace usually comes only after a long struggle, after many attempts and perhaps even war.
All peace is removed, all joy.
All peace loving people are welcome.
Any peace has to be seen as temporary until time proves otherwise.
Every peace is decorated with hand painted motifs.
Peaceable classrooms are the building blocks of the peaceable school.
Peaceable dissolution is utterly impossible.
Peaceable folks take on the intolerant and tragically over-confident.
Peaceable interactions take planning and room.
Peaceable Kingdom is a no-skill animal shelter operating out of foster homes.
Peaceable life is a common wish and desire of all mankind.
Peaceable measures are of course preferable.
Peaceable societies have to solve problems and resolve conflicts creatively.
Peaceful activism is a basic human right.
Peaceful assembly is a fundamental human right and is enshrined in international law.
Peaceful assembly works.
Peaceful coexistence is definitely possible.
Peaceful coexistence is the reflection of man's inner tranquility, magnified.
Peaceful cohabitation is better than totalitarianism.
Peaceful commerce is a powerful cement in binding citizens together.
Peaceful demonstration is a part of a democratic society - it is part of our rights.
Peaceful demonstrations are organized to help bring attention to the plight of the terror victims.
Peaceful development is impossible without security in the region.
Peaceful dissent is part and parcel of our culture.
Peaceful dissolution is possible, and a choice best for all concerned parties.
Peaceful efforts are in order, and their success is becoming apparent.
Peaceful family guarantees the cornerstone for world peace.
Peaceful mind is necessary.
Peaceful negotiation is the only path towards a stable future for Kosovo.
Peaceful neighborhoods are no accident.
Peaceful people are among victims.
Peaceful poise leads to careful deliberation.
Peaceful problem solving and conflict resolution strategies are a school-wide priority at Hawthorne.
Peaceful protest is a tradition in our country.
Peaceful protest is an honored American tradition, but mob violence is quite another matter.
Peaceful protest is an important right in any properly functioning democracy.
Peaceful protest is fine.
Peaceful protest is one thing, but senseless destruction is another.
Peaceful protests are a great means of advertising an issue and advocating political change.
Peaceful protests are a long and valued American tradition.
Peaceful protests are useless now.
Peaceful regulation is successful.
Peaceful resistance is a form of opposition, which tends to elicit counter-effort.
Peaceful rest relieves stress and is good for both the mind and the body.
Peaceful secession is a very, very attractive position.
Peaceful separations are the vogue today.
Peaceful solutions take longer to achieve.
Peaceful thoughts can make the world peaceful.
Peaceful trade helps, while organized theft of industrial secrets certainly hurts.
A peacekeeper is a soldier
Peacekeeper nods once.
Peacekeeper pulls out a medical scanner and runs a check on Snarl.
Peacekeepers are a militant arm of a church, worshiping a deity of peace and serenity.
Peacekeepers are also prepared to handle conflicts when they arise.
Peacekeepers are defenders.
Peacekeepers are one example, volunteers are another.
Peacekeepers are pistols.
Peacekeepers are predominantly Sebacean.
Peacekeepers are soldiers.
Peacekeepers are tenacious fighters with massive ships and overwhelming weaponry.
Peacekeepers are there to assist the transition to stability.
Peacekeepers can enable refugees and internally displaced persons to go home.
Peacekeepers can offer citizens a chance to live without the fear of being caught in a crossfire.
Peacekeepers come to try and kill the squad, but they are killed by the lizard mutts.
Peacekeepers confiscate assault rifles, mines and grenades regularly.
Peacekeepers continue to uncover evidence of revenge attacks by ethnic Albanians.
Peacekeepers go on offensive in Timor.
Peacekeepers have little glory, no battle hymns, no movies.
Peacekeepers intend to announce weapons captured as the raids continue.
Peacekeepers remain, but the sounds of battle are stilled.
Most peacekeepers serve six months in Bosnia.
Peacekeeping forces are identifiable as such, and the people of the country know of their presence.
A peacekeeping is an operation
Peacekeeping continues to be a high use, high profile option for the international community.
Peacekeeping has many perils.
Peacekeeping involves a different type of training, and capabilities.
Peacekeeping is a case in point.
Peacekeeping is a global responsibility.
Peacekeeping is a long process.
Peacekeeping is a monumental fraud.
Peacekeeping is an extremely broad topic with several successes, but also several failures.
Peacekeeping is an issue on which Australia has established credentials.
Peacekeeping is enormously expensive and Russia is broke.
Peacekeeping is guided by an awareness of 'safety' and 'unsafety' that is centred in our own bodies.
Peacekeeping is highly leveraged.
Peacekeeping is largely about deterrence.
Peacekeeping is today's war.
Peacekeeping looks after only half of Canada's National Parks Act.
Peacekeeping reduces the risk to the U.S. military.
Peacekeeping requires diplomacy and tact as much as it does combat skills.
Peacekeeping seems to be all that Western publics are willing to support.
Peacekeeping Strongly supports all current U.S. deployments in peacekeeping missions.
Peacekeepings are operations.
Peacekeeping always requires patience and discipline as well as innovation and courage.
A peacemaker is an intermediary
Peacemaker does one important thing well.
Peacemaker goes digital with the art of conflict resolution.
Peacemaker here means much more than someone who is the arbiter in a dispute.
Peacemaker is a most honorable title in today's world.
Peacemaker is a thriller ripped from today's headlines.
Peacemaker is entertaining fiction.
Peacemaker is their sworn duty.
Peacemakers are always in the middle of the family fight working for peace.
Peacemakers are ignorant of such basic knowledge as the variety of fake alternatives to Eelam.
Peacemakers are often misunderstood as weak.
Peacemakers are often risk takers, willing to enter the fray with an expanded heart.
Peacemakers are people who insert peace in the midst of strife, rather than continue the dispute.
Peacemakers are receptive, good-natured, and supportive.
Peacemakers are the actual mediators of conflict in the workplace.
Peacemakers create healing by bearing witness.
Peacemakers deal with anger without hurting themselves or others.
Peacemakers feature custom paint and a fully polished motor, transmission, and inner primary.
Peacemakers find no shortage of customers.
Peacemakers generate more light than heat.
Peacemakers have very definite opinions about what they hear while talking things out.
Peacemakers know that peace comes with justice.
Peacemakers learn how to get along better at home and at school.
Peacemakers like to meet new friends.
Peacemakers pick strategies that solve conflicts fairly.
Peacemakers raise a harvest of righteousness.
Peacemakers reach out to all people caught in fear, suffering, hate, oppression and violence.
Peacemakers seek solutions and find no delight in arguments.
Peacemakers seek solutions relevant to each situation.
Peacemakers stir things up.
Peacemakers use peacemaker language to tell how they feel and what they want.
Peacemakers use spiritual weapons to strike at sinful strongholds surrounding local ministry.
Peacemakers work hard to keep an offense from occurring.
Some peacemakers are very traditional, and others are modern.
A peacetime is a period
Peacetime forces no.
Peacetime is good while it lasts in the cave of destruction.
Peacetime is the time to pay attention to the new technology of war.
Peacetime never lasts.
Peacetime routines, like socks with holes, ended in the trash.
Peacetimes are time periods.
Peach aphids feed on foliage.
Peach blossoms are carried by Chinese brides .
Peach blossoms are carried by Chinese brides.
Peach blossoms are from small to medium-sized .
Peach blossoms are from small to medium-sized.
Peach County is a southern neighbor to Macon.
A peach orchard is an orchard
Most peach orchards have medium crops but now are picking out heavier than first thought.
Peach palms are the preferred palm for palm hearts.
Peach pies are available by the slice or whole.
Peach scab causes minor losses in mid-Atlantic orchards but can build up if no fungicides are used.
Peach scab occurs on leaves, twigs and fruit causing small, circular to oval-shaped spots.
A peach tree is a fruit tree
Peach trees are difficult to keep alive and healthy.
Peach trees are extremely sensitive to light penetration.
Peach trees are extremely sensitive to poorly drained soils.
Peach trees are fruit trees.
Peach trees are in full bloom.
Peach trees are trees.
Peach trees are very vulnerable to cold weather.
Peach trees blossom, fruitcakes and onions become famous and pecans are gathered.
Peach trees can survive a couple years of drought, but too much rain makes the fruit heavy.
Peach trees decorate the corners of all stands.
Peach trees grow in temperate climates and their fruit is small, delicately sweet and velvety.
Peach trees grow the way they always have.
Peach trees have a bumper crop.
Peach trees produces peaches.
Peach trees require a set amount of cold weather hours in order for fruit to set.
Peach trees require ample soil nitrogen and water during the growing season.
Peach trees require full sunlight and elevated planting sites with sandy loam soil.
Many peach trees are now far enough advanced for producing.
Most peach trees are self-pollinating.
Some peach trees appear near to blossoming.
Peach appears on trees.
Peach are at pit hardening.
Peach fuzz like fur begins to develop on the their stomachs.
Peach has (part) peels.
Peach has (part) sections.
Peach has pits.
Peach is a fruit tree
Peach is as fast as they come and birdy to a fault.
Peach is canneds.
Peach is drupes.
Peach is edible fruit.
Peach is fruit trees.
Peach is fruit.
Peach is part of orchards.
Peach is part of peach.
Peach is plants.
Peach is stone fruit.
Peach isa fruit.
Peach isa matter.
Peach leaves showing leaf deformity and chlorosis associated with veins.
Peach plays music that everyone in the office can agree on.
Peach slices, green grapes and peanuts.
Peaches also carries music and video accessories and gifts.
Peaches also work as a substitute for mangos.
Peaches also work well.
Peaches are a good source of vitamin C, potassium and dietary fiber.
Peaches are a symbol of long life.
Peaches are about gone and appels they is none.
Peaches are also a low-calorie source of antioxidant vitamins.
Peaches are also at petal fall and brown rot risk is currently high.
Peaches are around most of the summer as the different varieties come into season.
Peaches are at petal fall to shuck split in the south and pink to bloom in other areas.
Peaches are at shuck split in central Indiana.
Peaches are best with their skins removed.
Peaches are difficult to grow without a complete spray program, for both insects and diseases.
Peaches are dormant, some pruning continues.
Peaches are dormant.
Peaches are favorites in a variety of baked goods.
Peaches are from China.
Peaches are generally at shuck-fall or a bit later.
Peaches are highly perishable, so only buy the quantity needed and handle with care.
Peaches are highly vulnerable to a fungus called brown rot.
Peaches are next, followed by sweet cherries, pears, European plums, sour cherries, and apples.
Peaches are one of the few really seasonal fruits left.
Peaches are plenty here but aples are scarce.
Peaches are prevalent in Chinese poetry and myth.
Peaches are ready to be eaten when slightly soft to the touch.
Peaches are ready to eat when they give to gentle palm pressure.
Peaches are ripe when slightly soft to the touch.
Peaches are ripe when they give to gentle palm pressure.
Peaches are ripe.
Peaches are still an important part of our business along with hazelnuts.
Peaches are the next fruit crop to ripen.
Peaches are the specialty here.
Peaches are vigorous growers.
Peaches bear in three to four years.
Peaches bruise easily if squeezed.
Peaches can be great cold or warm, with Asian flavors and seafood.
Peaches come sliced, diced, and halved.
Peaches continue to come to market.
Peaches continue to ripen.
Peaches deteriorate rapidly when stored for longer periods.
Peaches develop their leaf and fruit buds in the summer for the coming year.
Peaches do it with chill units.
Peaches fit into any meal.
Peaches goes absolutely crazy over the grain.
Peaches grow best in an open, sunny area.
Peaches has a docked tail, and both ears and eyes are orange.
Peaches has glass eyes and the sweetest expression.
Peaches has some interesting quarks.
Peaches have a tendency to grow fruiting wood upward and outward from the main trunk.
Peaches have an excellent crop potential.
Peaches have some frost damage.
Peaches have too much fuzz.
Peaches is a delightful, forgetful crime-solver.
Peaches is a five year old cockatiel.
Peaches is a friendly and loving female.
Peaches is a very timid sheltie.
Peaches is an orange-peach color.
Peaches is perfect.
Peaches is the only boy.
Peaches is very friendly and playful, likes to whine, and likes other dogs especially small ones.
Peaches likes to go into the bedroom and chatter to the wild birds outside.
Peaches loves to eat dry food made especially for hampsters.
Peaches Move pot-grown peaches and nectarines under cover for winter.
Peaches offers women a sneak look at the closed world of the British lad.
Peaches open blooms quite early, certainly much earlier than apples and plums.
Peaches Provides information about the interests and likes of Peaches.
Peaches range from full bloom to blossom drop.
Peaches require a lighter soil than pears or plums.
Peaches require a second variety to act as a pollinator.
Peaches stop ripening once they are picked.
Peaches survive being canned much better than most fruits.
Peaches symbolize fecundity and immortality.
Peaches thinks about it more.
Peaches turn red.
Peaches works t,w,th nights.
Many peaches fall to the ground and the extra weight can stress or break limbs.
Most peach appears on trees.
Most peaches grown in the United States have yellow flesh.
Some Peaches Find out where the ripe ones are with our guide to area peach-picking locations.
Peachicks are taught how to eat and how to make a variety of sounds by the Peahen.
Peachicks stay Juvenile until they'r three years old and can mate.
Most peachicks can fly within days of birth.
Peacock bass are tropical fish and require warm waters to flourish.
Peacock bass originate and thrive in South American waters.
Peacock bass strut their stuff.
Peacock bass tend to hold on the deep-water dropoffs of points.
A peacock butterfly is a butterfly
Peacock butterflies are brush-foots.
Peacock butterflies are highly territorial.
Peacock butterflies are thought to occur in meadows, gardens, woods, parks, fields, and pastures.
Peacock feathers are bad luck.
Peacock feathers are best.
Peacock feathers are just what their name says they are.
Peacock feathers float slowly from side to side and drop very quickly.
Peacock feathers get their brilliance from thin-film interference.
Peacock flounders breed in late winter and early spring.
Peacock mantis shrimp perceive their environment visually through their stalked compound eyes.
Peacock spiders are much the same.
Peacock spiders eat crickets.
Most peacock spiders eat crickets.
Peacock terms are especially hard to deal with without using weasel words.
A peacock is a butterfly
Peacock asks ingenuously.
Peacock describes several key elements that enabled development of the system.
Peacock enjoys witnessing the moments when people and poems meet.
Peacock gracefully moves back and forth in time to spin a twisting tale of five generations.
Peacock is another bird with several utilities.
Peacock is more gay then they.
Peacock is most revered and national bird of India.
Peacock is optimistic.
Peacock is responsible for managing the air traffic control and flight service station systems.
Peacock is the national bird of India.
Peacock isa butterfly.
Peacock represents immortality and beauty besides signifying love.
Peacock still hopes to find a tuba player.
Peacock symbolizes the resurrection.
Peacocks amble with leisure.
Peacocks are actually peafowls.
Peacocks are all mouthbreeders.
Peacocks are aplenty here.
Peacocks are birds.
Peacocks are colorful pheasants.
Peacocks are famous for the shimmering play of colours in a male bird's feathers.
Peacocks are ground-feeders that eat insects, plants, and small creatures.
Peacocks are hardy birds.
Peacocks are lovely animals that eat many different things to keep themselves healthy.
Peacocks are male animals.
Peacocks are of the pheasant family and have an interesting diet.
Peacocks are opportunists and never miss a chance to take advantage of a helpless guinea.
Peacocks are peafowls.
Peacocks are symbolized as a primary bird in India and Burma.
Peacocks are the best when it comes to the fight against snakes.
Peacocks are the boys and peahens are the girls among peafowl.
Peacocks Are Very Special .
Peacocks are well known for their magnificent, beautiful tail feather displays during courtship.
Peacocks are, as usual, having lots of chicks but only a few chicks making it.
Peacocks can hear very well.
Peacocks eat grass, seeds, insects, fruits.
Peacocks eat termites.
Peacocks establish small territories in an arrangement known as a lek.
Peacocks have (part) air sacs.
Peacocks have (part) brains.
Peacocks have (part) carapaces.
Peacocks have (part) cell membranes.
Peacocks have (part) cells.
Peacocks have (part) corpi.
Peacocks have (part) cytoplasm.
Peacocks have (part) ears.
Peacocks have (part) faces.
Peacocks have (part) flight feathers.
Peacocks have (part) heads.
Peacocks have (part) nuclei.
Peacocks have (part) plasma membranes.
Peacocks have (part) quill feathers.
Peacocks have (part) sections.
Peacocks have (part) shells.
Peacocks have (part) skulls.
Peacocks have (part) thoraxes.
Peacocks have (part) vacuoles.
Peacocks have beaks.
Peacocks have components.
Peacocks have feathers.
Peacocks have hues.
Peacocks have legs.
Peacocks have lifespans.
Peacocks have linguistic components.
Peacocks have patterns.
Peacocks have plumages.
Peacocks have scale patterns.
Peacocks have sharp beaks.
Peacocks have sides.
Peacocks have tail feathers.
Peacocks have the right of way to cross any street, including driveways.
Peacocks have years.
Peacocks is in a cage along with a calf in another.
Peacocks know how to twerk it to attract females.
Peacocks lay eggs and utilize sexualy.
Peacocks lek with relatives even in the absence of social and environmental cues .
Peacocks lek with relatives even in the absence of social and environmental cues.
Peacocks live abundantly and freely within the many groves.
Peacocks love to be with one another and close to each other.
Peacocks now roam the garden and there are late seventeenth century rusticated stone gateways.
Peacocks now roam the once well-tended grounds and only memories remain.
Peacocks originate in Asia and India.
Peacocks permutate into words, letters metamorphose into horses, fauna evolve into calligraphy.
Peacocks produce lavender summer blooms.
Peacocks reproduce like any other bird.
Peacocks roam around the landscaped yard.
Peacocks roam around, too.
Peacocks roam freely and the orchids and begonias are wonderful.
Peacocks roam ground.
Peacocks roam the grounds.
Peacocks sleep in tall trees, which is called roosting, to protect themselves from other animals.
Peacocks start to strut, and the brainfever bird is heard for the first time in the year.
Peacocks strut among marble statues and mollusk-encrusted amphorae.
Peacocks strut if it's raining so make rainwater available by using roofs like Sieves.
Peacocks symbolize eternal life.
Peacocks use colorful feathers.
Peacocks use feathers.
Peacocks use their calls to attract receptive peahens.
Peacocks wander elegantly on the lawns and roost in the splendid trees around the house at night.
Peacocks work well, pairs of med.
Peacocks often lose their feathers.
Peacocks often play the role of the mythical phoenix in religious art.
Most peacocks have beaks.
Most peacocks have components.
Most peacocks have feathers.
Most peacocks have hues.
Most peacocks have legs.
Most peacocks have lifespans.
Most peacocks have linguistic components.
Most peacocks have patterns.
Most peacocks have plumages.
Most peacocks have scale patterns.
Most peacocks have sharp beaks.
Most peacocks have sides.
Most peacocks have tail feathers.
Most peacocks have years.
Most peacocks use colorful feathers.
Most peacocks use feathers.
Some peacocks eat wheat.
Some peacocks have ability.
Some peacocks have bluish color.
Some peacocks have color.
Some peacocks have green color.
Some peacocks have lice.
Some peacocks make much noise.
Some peacocks make noise.
A peafowl is a pheasant
Peafowl are able to adapt to much colder climates than their native range.
Peafowl are difficult to confine continuously.
Peafowl are magnificent birds from India.
Peafowl are native to India and Asia and are members of the pheasant family.
Peafowl are relatives of pheasants.
Peafowl are very hardy birds and with proper care, can live forty to fifty years.
Peafowl build shallow nests made of sticks, leaves, and grass.
Peafowl come in a wide variety of colors including blue, green.
Peafowl eat frogs, grubs, mice small lizards, snakes and worms.
Peafowl live in parties with one male and two to five females.
Peafowl love green plants.
Peafowl love to roost in trees during the night.
Peafowl prefer to live in areas with access to low trees and plants for food and shade.
Peafowl prefer warm climates.
Peafowls are birds.
Peafowls are pheasants.
Peafowl often display an aggressive nature towards other fowl.
A peahen is a pheasant
Peahens are also very aggressive when it comes to finding a suitable partner.
Peahens are peacocks.
Peahens are peafowls.
Peahens are prone to fox attacks, especially if looking after chicks.
Peahens choose males with many spots on their tail feathers.
Peahens choose to mate with peacocks that have the most beautiful tails.
Peahens have coronas too, which are a green, more muted color than for the male's crown feathers.
Peahens prefer peacocks with elaborate trains.
Peahens seem to prefer males with the longest trains and biggest displays.
Peahens spend several months teaching their chicks what to eat.
Peahens take off at a sharp angle when predators, tigers, leopards, and jackals, approach.
Peahens tend to live close together and help each other raise the babies, called peachicks.
Peak concentration produced by digoxin tablets varies with dissolution rate.
Peak demand exists for people with superior skills.
Peak demand is lower in areas with more meters.
Peak demand is the total amount of energy required by all customers during a one-hour period.
Peak demand is unaffected, so the demand charges for delivery are unaffected.
Peak demand occurs in the mid afternoon and after evening milking.
Peak demand occurs when consumers in aggregate use the greatest amount of electricity.
Peak detectors measure the voltage excursions or in other word the peaks of the polarity.
Peak experiences are temporary self-actualizations.
PEAK experiences go on rain or shine.
Peak experiences instill a sense of truth to the narratives of active cultural mythologies.
Peak flow is much more sensitive to airway inflammation and narrowing than is pulse oximetry.
Peak flow is reduced during asthma attacks.
Peak flow is the highest flow of a period.
Peak flow measures the muscular effort to exhale forcibly from fully inflated lungs.
Peak flows are flood flows.
Peak flows can also flush out juvenile salmon from normally quiet rearing areas.
Peak flows can scour gravel beds containing salmon eggs.
Peak flows vary during the day and the early morning peak is lower than the evening peak.
Peak Island offers beach activities, boat and jet ski rental.
Peak kilowatts refer to the maximum electric power output of the cells and modules.
Peak levels occur during dormant seasons.
Peak levels occur during seasons.
Peak load demands probably mandate a battery local to the thruster motor.
Peak loads are higher, but most dumb electrical devices are switched off much of the time.
Peak loads tend to occur during the second quarter of each semester.
Peak meters are for wussies.
Peak performance comes out of a physically and mentally relaxed state.
Peak performance comes out of having fun.
Peak performance has nothing to do with being a workaholic.
Peak performance includes and is made up from strength, flexibility, movement and balance.
Peak performance involves positive feelings, attention in the present, and high energy.
Peak performance is a natural by-product of proper preparation.
Peak performance is a result of the body and mind interacting and working in harmony.
Peak performance is about playing the edge.
Peak performance is about turning rare moments of high achievement into regular events.
Peak performance is possible only without distracting thoughts.
Peak performance is reached for problems requiring about a millisecond.
Peak performance is something every manager is entitled to and every worker can enjoy.
Peak performance occurs in the fall, when showy, silky panicles appear.
Peak performance occurs when anxiety optimnally alerts the resposes of the body.
Peak performance requires a sound investment strategy, sensitive adjustment and finesse.
Peak performance requires focus, organization, concentration and freedom.
Peak performance requires optimal arousal and motivation, but avoid turning into a bundle of nerves.
Peak performance takes persistence.
Peak periods can arise during certain times of the day, or after a radio or television commercial.
Peak periods fall at the beginning and end of each semester.
Peak power can reach the gigawatt range.
Peak power is indicated in red.
Peak power is much more expensive than average power.
Peak power is very expensive.
Peak rainfall occurs in months.
Most peak rainfall occurs in months.
Peak readings are available.
A peak season is a season
Peak season is about double that rate still a good deal really.
Peak season is around the corner, and that'll be the test.
Peak season is late spring to early summer, depending on the variety.
Peak season is over and things are beginning to quiet down.
Peak season is summer, hosting individuals, families and reunions.
Peak season is usually the local summer season.
Peak seasons are Spring and Fall.
Peak seasons are winter and summer, with value seasons in Spring and Fall.
Peak seasons vary depending on activities.
Peak sports is involved in and supports many organizations.
Peak time is weekday evenings.
Peak times are afternoons and evenings.
Peak times are afternoons.
Peak times are early in the day for winter openings, late in the day for summer openings.
Peak times are evenings, weekends, and vacations.
Peak times are several hours before and after sunset, and the hours after sunrise.
Peak times occur during warm weather months and harvesting times.
Peak times vary among branches.
Peak values are about one-third the average air pollution measured in Berkeley, California.
Peak values bring some periastrons low enough for tides to circularize orbits.
A peak is a limitation
PEAK actively goes after jobs that businesses have trouble getting their current staff to complete.
PEAK also cosponsors an annual conference on strategies for inclusive education.
PEAK also makes learning English fun.
PEAK also provides online course materials for various classes.
Peak broadening during linear analysis limits the ability to resolve components with similar mass.
Peak comes more or less at the midpoint of depletion, when the glass is half empty.
Peak controls many annual broadleaves and suppresses some perennial broadleaves.
Peak cooling load determines the size of equipment and the cooling source.
Peak covers usual business and daytime hours and is pricier.
PEAK currently employs some of the best contract engineering personnel in the country.
Peak demands for gasoline and diesel fuel occur at various times of the year.
Peak egglaying occurs when horse chestnut and bridal wreath spirea are in full bloom.
Peak encompasses many areas of varied ski terrain.
Peak flow the maximum instantaneous discharge of a stream or river at a given location.
Peak flows downstream increase when jams break up and quickly release stored water.
Peak flows really have two main uses.
PEAK has two serious limitations at present.
Peak hold averaging.
PEAK is associate with the PEAK age group team, and have their own web site.
PEAK is competitive, rigorous, and designed for high potential employees.
PEAK is considered a partner by many large, medium and small size firms nationwide.
PEAK is delighted to offer commercial opportunities to both individuals and businesses.
PEAK is used for mastering.
Peak isa indefinite quantity.
PEAK makes upgrading and expanding solutions simple.
Peak manufactures the cylinder liners from spray-formed billets by swaging the billets into tubes.
PEAK offers services worldwide.
Peak performing teams take charge of situations and make positive things happen.
Peak pick relevant spectra .
Peak pick relevant spectra.
Peak pressures much higher than average operating pressures are common.
PEAK provides a wide variety of professional services.
Peak recalls peak tension and compression readings.
Peak refers to the highest level the index reaches before it begins to fall.
Peak refers to when the insulin works hardest.
Peak relates to rush hour when travel demand is high.
Peak run-off occurs in late spring and early summer.
Peak search the e.
PEAK sets up the domain servers PEAK sends in the registration form.
PEAK still offers majordomo lists for free to account holders.
Peaks are at atom positions.
Peaks are covered with evergreen trees including pine, walnut, oak and maple trees.
Peaks are local maxima in the density.
Peaks are news traffic.
Peaks are of four different colors, one for each base.
Peaks are part of waves.
Peaks are points at which the surface normal is approximately in the direction of the camera.
Peaks are ski areas.
Peaks are where information is most dense.
Peaks become broader with as coherent scattering domains become smaller.
Peaks become flat whenever curves approach each other in a grazing fashion, instead of incisively.
Peaks become troughs, and troughs become peaks.
Peaks broaden and shift which makes it more difficult for the computer to call bases accurately.
Peaks broaden and shift, making it harder to call the bases accurately.
Peaks can also be seasonal.
Peaks epitomizes the fundamental conflict facing prime-time programmers.
Peaks force power plants, transmission lines and substations to work their hardest.
Peaks get through before the compressor actually clamps down.
Peaks occur about nine years apart.
Peaks pierce the green sky, unblunted.
Peaks represent differences in gene expression levels between to data sets.
Peaks represent unabsorbed analysis gas.
Peaks rise abrubtly from plains.
Peaks rise one higher than another in the south and the back part is surrounded by peaks.
Peaks shows traces of formic and acetic acid.
Peaks sink away, new ones appear.
Peaks tend to be sharper with the on-column cell, and linearity of response is achievable. .
Peaks towering above glaciated rocky basins offer outstanding scenic quality in the crest zone.
Peaks usually occur during the morning hours in the winter and in the late afternoon in the summer.
All peaks are due to cosmic ray impacts.
All peaks are very sharp indicating a high degree of crystallinity and compositional homogeneity.
All peaks identified in the spectra are due to naturally-occurring radionuclides.
Every peak seems to have a ski resort on it.
Many peaks are unnamed.
Most peaks are very steep and very difficult to climb.
Some peaks are high in the sky, and low areas cut deep to make great hiding places.
Some peaks have components.
Some peaks have necessary components.
Some peaks lie in state or national parks, making access allowable, while others are on ranches.
Some peaks retain snow throughout the summer and provide breathtaking views.
Some peaks stand magnificently high, piercing in-making visitors wholly surprised.
Peaked design is counter-weighted and automatically closes to hide trash.
Peaked edge provides scraping action for excellent dirt and water removal.
Peaked lapels create a broadening illusion of the shoulders.
A peal is sound
Peal knows it too.
Peal leaves away from plastic framework of light and dark greenery bushes.
Peals are bells.
Peals are sound.
Most peals use a major chord of at least the first, third and fifth notes.
Pealess whistle is great for indoor and water sports, with minimum effort.
Peanut allergies start early in life and cause the majority of food-induced anaphylactic fatalities.
Peanut butter diets help weight.
Peanut butter diets lower levels.
Peanut butter diets lower triglyceride levels.
A peanut butter is paste
Peanut butter is bad.
Peanut butter is effective for removing bubble gum from hair.
Peanut butter is excellent for the removing chewing gun from clothing and hair.
Peanut butter is good - any type.
Peanut butter is good fat.
Peanut butter is good too.
Peanut butter is good.
Peanut butter is nutritious and high in protein.
Peanut butters are food.
Peanut butters are located in containers.
Peanut butters are located in cupboards.
Peanut butters are located in jars.
Peanut butters are located in pantries.
Peanut butters are located in supermarkets.
Peanut butters are made of peanuts.
Peanut butters are spread.
Peanut butters contain calories.
All peanut butter is brown.
Most peanut butter diets lower levels.
Most peanut butters contain calories.
Some peanut butters have dark sides.
Some peanut butters have sides.
Peanut farmers use seeds.
Peanut Island is located in the mouth of the Lake Worth Inlet.
Peanut oil contains a combination of monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fats.
Peanut oil has a high smoking point and is ideal for the high temperatures of a wok.
Peanut oil has slightly more saturated fatty acids.
Peanut oil has unique properties.
Peanut oil is a great base for stir-fry oils, since it can take the high temperatures.
Peanut oil is also usable.
Peanut oil is an unsaturated fatty acid.
Peanut oil is arachis hyopogaea , water is aqua and egg is ovum .
Peanut oil is best since it has a high smoking point.
Peanut oil is oil
Peanut oil is the main cooking medium.
Peanut oil is used extensively for cooking and for preparing margarine.
Peanut oil is used in the lotus paste to give it an added fragrance.
Peanut oil is used in the Orient and is the oil of choice for Chinese cooking.
Peanut oil is used to fry foods.
Peanut oil is vegetable oil.
Peanut oil is very good, too.
Peanut plants grow in climates.
Peanut plants grow in warm climates.
Peanut plants produce bright flowers.
Peanut plants produce bright yellow flowers.
Peanut plants produce flowers.
Peanut plants produce seeds.
Peanut plants produce yellow flowers.
Peanut seeds consist of cotyledons.
Peanut stunt viruses are transmitted by insects.
Many peanut worms live in holes in sub- merged rocks.
A peanut is a seedpod
Peanut harvest behind schedule.
Peanut hulls as a litter source for broiler breeder replacement pullets.
Peanut hulls, a major waste product of the peanut industry, break down very slowly.
Peanut is just eight months old, but gets more love than a lot of children.
Peanut is quite resistant.
Peanut isa legume.
Peanut skins have some oil that can be an energy source for cattle as does bakery waste.
Peanuts account for most of the country's income.
Peanuts account for the majority of food-induced anaphylactic fatalities.
Peanuts actually are native to South America.
Peanuts actually can improve the health of both men and women.
Peanuts actually grow underground, as opposed to nuts like walnuts, almonds, etc.
Peanuts also are without the cholesterol or saturated fat found in many animal sources of protein.
Peanuts also contain a small amount of resveratrol.
Peanuts also contain bioactive components such as phytosterols, flavonoids and antioxidants.
Peanuts also contain perillyl alcohol.
Peanuts also contain powerful plant chemicals such as phytosterols which can inhibit cancer growth.
Peanuts also contain significant amounts of vitamins and minerals.
Peanuts also contain zinc.
Peanuts Also known as groundnuts or monkey nuts, peanuts are actually legumes.
Peanuts also offers breakfast specials.
Peanuts are a common dietary staple for many children.
Peanuts are a good choice because they are relatively inexpensive and fairly uniform.
Peanuts are a good example.
Peanuts are a good source of fiber.
Peanuts are a good source of folate.
Peanuts are a good source of folic acid and protein as well as Vitamin E and iron.
Peanuts are a good source of folic acid, a B vitamin.
Peanuts are a good source of folic acid.
Peanuts are a good source of protein, folic acid, vitamin E, niacin, phosphorus, and magnesium.
Peanuts are a good source of proteins and oils and valuable as a food source for birds.
Peanuts are a groundnut grown on an upright plant.
Peanuts are a highly sprayed crop.
Peanuts are a leading crop along with cotton, wheat, corn, milo, hay and potatoes.
Peanuts are a legume and grow in the ground.
Peanuts are a lot more healthy than corn, so opt for peanuts when possible.
Peanuts are a major part of Texas agriculture.
Peanuts are a member of a plant family called legumes, which includes peas and beans.
Peanuts are a member of the legume family.
Peanuts are a nutritious food.
Peanuts are a popular snack and are also used to make cooking oil and peanut butter.
Peanuts are a strange plant.
Peanuts are a treat for many wildlife species.
Peanuts are actually beans.
Peanuts are actually legumes and a fleshy coat like a plum surrounds almonds.
Peanuts are actually legumes, which are edible seeds enclosed in pods below the soil's surface.
Peanuts are also a foreign adaptation.
Peanuts are also deep-fried , shell and all.
Peanuts are also good sources of copper, folate, manganese, niacin, vitamin E and tryptophan.
Peanuts are also in poor condition because of the drought.
Peanuts are also one of the few foods that contain the plant chemical resveratrol .
Peanuts are also popular, but are sold with rice and crackers.
Peanuts are also rich in many vitamins and minerals.
Peanuts are also very versatile, as evidenced by the following recipes.
Peanuts are among Europe's most popular snack foods.
Peanuts are an allergen and all nuts are a potential choking hazard.
Peanuts are an excellent source of protein.
Peanuts are an important crop in the southeastern U.S. in sandy soils.
Peanuts are an important crop, especially in the warm regions of the world.
Peanuts are an impulse item.
Peanuts are another great food to offer birds in the wintertime.
Peanuts are available in the supermarkets and grocery stores all year round in airtight packets.
Peanuts are big with woodpeckers, titmice, chickadees, nuthatches and jays.
Peanuts are children.
Peanuts are common in the African cuisine.
Peanuts are delicious, nutritious, and can be part of a healthy diet and lifestyle.
Peanuts are essential to the agricultural industry in the Southeast.
Peanuts are extremely sensitive to fertilizer-burn.
Peanuts are fairly high in protein, as well as lentils.
Peanuts are favorites of several species including jays and nuthatches.
Peanuts are Georgia s largest cash crop.
Peanuts are good sources of vitamin E , niacin , folate , protein and manganese .
Peanuts are good sources of vitamin E , niacin , folate , protein and manganese.
Peanuts are good sources of vitamin E, niacin, folate, protein and manganese.
Peanuts are great roasted and eaten out of hand.
Peanuts are grown in the warm climates of Asia, Africa, Australia, and North and South America.
Peanuts are high in fat and protein.
Peanuts are high in fat and rich in protein.
Peanuts are high in protein.
Peanuts are high in unsaturated fat, low in saturated fat and contain no cholesterol.
Peanuts are high in vegetable protein and vitamin B, low in sodium and contain no cholesterol.
Peanuts are in good condition.
Peanuts are indigenous to tropical Africa, and a main staple in the African diet.
Peanuts are just naturally good .
Peanuts are known scientifically as Arachis hypogaea .
Peanuts are known scientifically as Arachis hypogaea.
Peanuts are legumes with a very unique growth cycle.
Peanuts are legumes, related to beans and peas.
Peanuts are legumes, which are plants that bear their seed in a pod.
Peanuts are legumes.
Peanuts are located in ballparks.
Peanuts are located in bars.
Peanuts are located in carnivals.
Peanuts are located in containers.
Peanuts are located in jars.
Peanuts are located in planes.
Peanuts are low in the amino acid methionine.
Peanuts are often a culprit.
Peanuts are one of America's most popular foods.
Peanuts are one of the ingredients in dynamite.
Peanuts are one of the ingredients of dynamite.
Peanuts are one of the ingredients to make Dynamite.
Peanuts are one of the most common causes of food-induced anaphylaxis in the United States.
Peanuts are one of the most severe food allergens, often causing life-threatening reactions.
Peanuts are one of the most significant agricultural crops in North Carolina.
Peanuts are one of the most versatile foodstuffs on Earth.
Peanuts are our life.
Peanuts are part of peanuts.
Peanuts are planted and harvested with specialized machinery.
Peanuts are plants.
Peanuts are plentiful and good.
Peanuts are pods.
Peanuts are poor.
Peanuts are probably the sneakiest type of legumes, if only because of their name.
Peanuts are remarkably rich in food values.
Peanuts are rich in B-complex vitamins, especially thiamin, riboflavin, and niacin.
Peanuts are rich in proteins .
Peanuts are sensitive to frost.
Peanuts are sold in various ways.
Peanuts are sprinkled on tossed salads and are also used as a garnish in desserts and stir fries.
Peanuts are sums.
Peanuts are the best nut sources of folate.
Peanuts are the chief cash crop.
Peanuts are the country's main export crop, while the principal crops are millet, sorghum and maize.
Peanuts are the leading cause of severe allergic reactions.
Peanuts are the main crop in the vertical frame.
Peanuts are the main crop of Senegal and everywhere the aroma of roasted peanuts permeates the air.
Peanuts are the most common cause of food-associated anaphylaxis and death in Britain.
Peanuts are the most common item that results in childhood choking injuries.
Peanuts are the most common offending agent.
Peanuts are the most frequent cause of food anaphylaxis in children.
Peanuts are the only crop that can be easily grown.
Peanuts are tubers or nodules that grow off the roots of the peanut plant.
Peanuts are tubers that grow under ground.
Peanuts are unusual plants because they flower above ground but fruit underground.
Peanuts are unusually tasteless and difficult to chew.
Peanuts are used in candy-making in a seemingly infinite number of ways.
Peanuts are used in the Malian meat stew maafe .
Peanuts are used to help fight malnutrition .
Peanuts are very different from tree nuts.
Peanuts are very effective for treating skin problems like pustules, skin rashes and rosacea.
Peanuts are very high in protein, more than other legumes or nuts.
Peanuts are very nutritious.
Peanuts are very poor to poor.
Peanuts are very underdeveloped and never thrive.
Peanuts can be deadly, even minute amounts can kill a very allergic child.
Peanuts can be hard to avoid because peanuts and peanut oil are in so many products.
Peanuts can be part of weight loss diets.
Peanuts can contain aflatoxin, which is also fatal to birds.
Peanuts can fit as a rotation crop with cotton there.
Peanuts can often carry mold, which only encourages the growth of candida.
Peanuts can reduce colon cancer especially in women.
Peanuts cause allergic reaction.
Peanuts cause more allergic problems than any other nuts.
Peanuts cause reaction.
Peanuts cause serious allergic reaction.
Peanuts cause serious reaction.
Peanuts come in an assortment of two-pound bags.
Peanuts contain a phytosterol thought to inhibit cancer and help the heart.
Peanuts contain aflotoxins.
Peanuts contain all the amino acids essential for human nutrition.
Peanuts contain many of the healthful substances as soybeans and other beans.
Peanuts contain minerals.
Peanuts contain mono-unsaturated fatty acids especially oleic acid that prevents coronary diseases.
Peanuts contain more arginine than any other nut.
Peanuts contain mostly unsaturated fat, which can reduce the risk of heart attack.
Peanuts contain resveratrol which is one of the many phytochemicals found in plant foods.
Peanuts contain several hair friendly nutrients that are beneficial for maintaining healthy hair.
Peanuts contain some protein and fat in the form of peanut oil.
Peanuts contain thiamine and riboflavin and next to yeast, are the richest source of nicotinamide.
Peanuts contain, among other things, proteins and oil.
Peanuts go in one side, shells in the other.
Peanuts grow best in loose, well-drained soils.
Peanuts grow in a very fascinating manner.
Peanuts grow much closer to the ground in mounds.
Peanuts grow under conditions.
Peanuts grow under drought conditions.
Peanuts grow under ground.
Peanuts grow under simulate conditions.
Peanuts grow under simulate drought conditions.
Peanuts grow underground and are part of a different plant family, the legumes.
Peanuts grow underground.
Peanuts has everything right here, including drivers education information for homeschooled teens.
Peanuts have (part) cell membranes.
Peanuts have (part) cells.
Peanuts have (part) corpi.
Peanuts have (part) cytoplasm.
Peanuts have (part) kernels.
Peanuts have (part) monkey nuts.
Peanuts have (part) nuclei.
Peanuts have (part) plasma membranes.
Peanuts have (part) sections.
Peanuts have (part) vacuoles.
Peanuts have (part) vegetables.
Peanuts have a category of their own.
Peanuts have a high protein percentage and even more fat.
Peanuts have a variety of industrial end uses.
Peanuts have excellent pod set and retention.
Peanuts have high protein and fat levels and are often an ingredient in suet products.
Peanuts have kernels.
Peanuts have taste.
Peanuts have their own way of doing things.
Peanuts have very poor nutritional quality.
Peanuts is a cartoon.
Peanuts is a horrible comic strip.
Peanuts is black, brown and orange and is small.
Peanuts is no substitute for the Bible, of course.
Peanuts is pathetic but untouchable.
Peanuts is the most successful and enduring newspaper feature ever created of any kind.
Peanuts look good.
Peanuts make great corporate and holiday gifts.
Peanuts offer benefits.
Peanuts offer health benefits.
Peanuts prefer a slightly alkaline soil.
Peanuts prefer loose sandy soil.
Peanuts profit from double rows.
Peanuts provide protein, calories and impart an interesting flavour making a great spread.
Peanuts rank as one of Georgia's top five cash crops.
Peanuts rank thirteenth in total farm income for North Carolina crops each year.
Peanuts respond best to residual fertilizer.
Peanuts Rest in peace Herman.
Peanuts seem to be the staple food of the garden birds.
Peanuts seems so apt.
Peanuts spoil more readily than other bird foods.
Peanuts stay two or three in a tent next to the tent of a leader or their mom or dad.
Peanuts tend to grow well in stiff soil with a clay-like property.
Peanuts work best when fermented.
Peanuts works on nearly the same principle.
Peanuts usually go through two grinding stages to produce a smooth, even-textured butter.
All peanuts are Georgia-grown.
All peanuts suggest current yet power, however harbor apply something.
Most peanuts cause allergic reaction.
Most peanuts cause reaction.
Most peanuts cause serious allergic reaction.
Most peanuts cause serious reaction.
Most peanuts contain minerals.
Most peanuts grow under conditions.
Most peanuts grow under drought conditions.
Most peanuts grow under simulate conditions.
Most peanuts grow under simulate drought conditions.
Most peanuts have kernels.
Most peanuts offer benefits.
Most peanuts offer health benefits.
Some peanut butters contain fiber.
Some peanut butters help health.
Some peanut butters mix with jelly.
Some peanut butters offer benefits.
Some peanuts attract squirrels.
Some peanuts bring good luck.
Some peanuts bring luck.
Some peanuts contain fiber.
Some peanuts contain mild toxins.
Some peanuts grow consumption.
Some peanuts grow human consumption.
Some peanuts have applications.
Some peanuts have development.
Some peanuts help depressions.
Pear juice has a low acid content compared to other fruit juices.
Pear juice is made of high-quality pear which has been elected and cleaned.
Pear juices are lower in soluble pectin than apple juices.
Pear psylla are highly resistant to most available insecticides.
Pear psylla becomes a major pest when it develops resistance to insecticides.
Pear psylla can cause damage to pear trees and fruit in several ways.
Pear psylla can cause sticky fruit and requires a dormant spray for control.
Pear psylla is active laying eggs.
Pear psylla spend the winter near previously infested pear trees.
Pear shape is also a popular cut.
Pear slug is extremely easy to kill with almost any insecticide.
Pear slugs are a translucent to dark slug that eats the leaves of trees.
Pear slugs are dark green to orange in color, swollen at the head end, and slimy.
Pear slugs are dark green to orange, swollen at the head end, and slimy.
Pear slugs are the larvae of sawflies.
Pear thrips has only one generation.
Pear thrips have many native hosts including maple and other deciduous trees.
Pear thrips injure the blossoms of the pear, apple, and other fruiting species.
A pear tree is a fruit tree
Pear tree grows over night.
Pear trees are dwarfed with quince rootstock, which is an entirely different genus.
Pear trees are excellent candidates for forcing, producing fragrant white blossoms.
Pear trees are fruit trees.
Pear trees are numerous and the fruits are of high quality.
Pear trees are particularily susceptible.
Pear trees are trees.
Pear trees are very long-lived. .
Pear trees bloom relatively early, normally from one to several weeks before apples.
Pear trees can tolerate fewer webspinning mites than European red mites.
Pear trees don t usually require a great deal of pruning.
Pear trees flower in the spring and provide an important early nectar source for bees .
Pear trees grow on heavy soil .
Pear trees grow on heavy soil.
Pear trees line most streets in town.
Pear trees require six to eight years to produce a commercial crop.
Pear trees tend to produce numerous water sprouts during the growing season.
Most pear varieties are self-unfruitful.
A pear is edible fruit
PEAR contains code for common tasks such as database abstraction and error control.
Pear isa fruit.
Pear isa matter.
Pear smile behind several reason consequently sing tennis racquet grip.
Pear switch underneath none companion either find wilson putter.
Pear varieties with certain species ancestry and different chill requirements in Australia.
Pears also has a great eye for illuminating certain signs of our times.
Pears also make good salads.
Pears are a delicious addition to the main course.
Pears are a farmer's dream come true.
Pears are a good source of natural fiber.
Pears are a light dessert.
Pears are a unique crop with unique pest management requirements.
Pears are an excellent choice.
Pears are an excellent source of potassium.
Pears are an insignificant source of other vitamins.
Pears are another foolproof fruit.
Pears are best if consumed within a year and safe as long as lids remain vacuum sealed.
Pears are cousins of apples.
Pears are dessert.
Pears are easily bruised, so handle with care.
Pears are edible fruit.
Pears are food.
Pears are fruit trees.
Pears are fruit.
Pears are great to have around when a quick dessert is needed.
Pears are green.
Pears are located in cans.
Pears are one of the few fruits that ripen more successfully off the tree.
Pears are one of the unique kinds of fruits that ripen best off of the tree.
Pears are oriented stem-down into six feed cups.
Pears are original from Europe and Asia.
Pears are part of pears.
Pears are plants.
Pears are pomes.
Pears are pretty tolerant about soil types, but a sandy loam that drains well is ideal.
Pears are ready for picking when they change from deep green to pale green.
Pears are ready to eat when they are yellow but still firm.
Pears are ready to harvest when their skin feels waxy and the fruit separate easily from the tree.
Pears are relatively easy to grow if varieties are carefully chosen.
Pears are ripe if they yield to slight pressure by a fingertip.
Pears are ripe when they take on a yellow hue and yield to gentle pressure at the stem end.
Pears are ripe when they yield to gentle pressure at the stem end.
Pears are ripe when they yield to gentle thumb pressure at the neck.
Pears are solids.
Pears are sort of pear-shaped, and watermelons are the size of watermelons.
Pears are still available but are all out of cold storage.
Pears are the queen of fall fruits.
Pears are very popular, but they are beginning to be over planted.
Pears can benefit from boron application at the same rate as apples.
Pears come in different shapes, sizes and colors.
Pears contain a mix of fibers.
Pears contain food.
Pears contain no saturated fats.
Pears contain no sodium.
Pears contain potassium.
Pears Cut in half and core.
Pears do best under medium or low fertility.
Pears especially are dependent on adequate irrigation.
Pears give off ethylene gas which accumulates in the bag and promotes ripening.
Pears go well with anise, maple syrup, stilton and port.
Pears go well with cheese.
Pears grow best in arid climates with well-drained, irrigated soils.
Pears grow quickly here and require little or no fertilization.
Pears grow very well here.
Pears have (part) peels.
Pears have (part) sections.
Pears have a core surrounded by yummy flesh, meaning pears are pomes.
Pears have a strong tendency to grow straight up and produce weak scaffolds.
Pears have about twice the fiber as apples and are every bit as appealing.
Pears have an excellent crop potential.
Pears have been picked at many locations, size depends upon thinning and irrigation.
Pears have fleshy leaves.
Pears have leaves.
Pears have no sodium.
Pears have skin.
Pears have vestigial leaves.
Pears have wider hips and thighs than shoulders and bust.
Pears have yellow skin.
Pears help most when mixed with or juiced with apples.
Pears lose moisture rapidly.
Pears make a pretty and easy dessert when poached and garnished with fresh mint leaves.
Pears provide a sweet counterpoint to the cheese and prosciutto.
Pears provide an example.
Pears require a moist but well drained soil, avoid poor sandy soils.
Pears require five hives per hectare.
Pears respond to nurture much earlier than most apple varieties.
Pears showing the symptoms just described often remain in an unchanged state for several weeks.
Pears steeped in wine provide a fitting dessert.
Pears tend to be too hard.
All pears are cross pollinated.
All pears are high in fiber and low in sodium.
All pears have a common ancestry from western China.
Most pears are ready to eat when they yield slightly to pressure next to the stem.
Most pears are self-unfruitful.
Most pears contain food.
Most pears contain potassium.
Most pears have fleshy leaves.
Most pears have leaves.
Most pears have skin.
Most pears have vestigial leaves.
Most pears have yellow skin.
Some pears grow on hawthorns.
Some pears have pads.
Some pears require pollinators.
Pearl ash is a less impure form of potassium carbonate.
Pearl ash is potassium carbonate
Pearl buttons decorate the front of the dress which has raglan sleeves.
Pearl buttons stream down the front to create a slimming effect.
Pearl farms sell to importers all over the world.
Some pearl farmers graft special nuclei to the actual shell of the oyster.
Pearl farming is also important.
Pearl Harbor brings United States into war in the Pacific.
Pearl Harbor combines a war story with romance.
Pearl Harbor compares fact and fiction.
Pearl Harbor contrasts real life with the new film.
Pearl Harbor films.
Pearl Harbor indents the island's southern coast.
Pearl Harbor represents everything that is wrong about Bay s work.
Pearl Harbor resonates because it is empty inside.
Pearl Harbor sinks fast.
Pearl Lake is open for camping, fishing, picnics and hiking.
A pearl millet is cereal grass
Pearl millet has excellent regrowth potential due to tillering responses to defoliation.
Pearl millet has good forage quality, if grazed before it is too mature.
Pearl millet is a common grain in the semiarid areas of Africa south of the Sahara.
Pearl millet is a relatively new forage in the northern regions of the United States.
Pearl millet is a warm season crop, planted in early summer when soils have warmed up.
Pearl millet is apparently free of the toxin.
Pearl millet is as tough as nails.
Pearl millet is extremely drought-hardy and grows best under dryland conditions in Colorado.
Pearl millet is grown for food in some countries but is a forage crop in America.
Pearl millet is known as a forage capable of producing high contents of crude protein.
Pearl millet is more difficult to cure than the foxtail millets.
Pearl millet is much lower in tannin than sorghum.
Pearl millet is one of the most water-efficient cultivated plants.
Pearl millet makes excellent forage for beef cattle, dairy cows, and sheep.
Pearl millets are cereals.
Pearl millets are generally cross-pollinated.
Pearl millets are plants.
Pearl onions are available year-round.
Pearl onions are our most delicate onions, and they can be used in a wide variety of dishes.
Pearl onions are plants.
Pearl onions are small white, yellow or red onions, about an inch in diameter and mild in flavor.
A pearl oyster is an oyster
Pearl oysters are used for commercial production of pearls.
Pearl oysters breed around the island seabed.
Pearl powder contains a natural moisturizer.
Pearl powder is a natural moisturizer that revitalizes skin cells.
Pearl powder keeps the skin clear and smooth, leaving it with a sheer, radiant glow.
Pearl River does understand quality is the soul of the enterprise.
Pearl River is a hybrid of highbush and rabbiteye blueberries.
Pearl River is designed as the only large-scale resort development on a tribal reservation.
Pearl rivers are rivers.
Pearl absorbs negative energy from the wearer and returns it.
Pearl beads that swirl around shaft for extra excitement.
Pearl brings purity and innocence.
Pearl calls the sum-product algorithm belief updating.
Pearl changes bad fortune into good and discord into harmony.
Pearl chooses the finest available materials from around the world.
Pearl claims more staying power.
Pearl comes in.
Pearl consists of layers.
Pearl cooks up a monster legend, complete with haunting, evocative folk song.
Pearl drops off the kids at their parents'.
Pearl drops on a soft belly.
Pearl drums Somewhat slow, the home page , but it is good looking.
Pearl expects more of an evolution than a revolution.
Pearl has (part) sections.
Pearl has weight.
Pearl increases emotional stability, mental strength, friendliness and contentment.
Pearl is a jewel
Pearl is jewels.
Pearl is located in oceans.
Pearl is located in oysters.
Pearl is located in sea.
Pearl is minerals.
Pearl isa jewel.
Pearl leaves without getting any answers.
Pearl millet most frequent variety.
Pearl occurs in oysters.
Pearl plays blues, rock and classic rock, and has been together for a year and a half.
Pearl producing oysters are simple creatures.
Pearl responds with a laugh.
Pearl snaps full front opening.
Pearl snare with new skins.
Pearl specializes in fresh oysters and a variety of other delicious cuisine.
Pearl takes a deep breath.
Pearl tells great stories.
Pearl turns to the screen.
Pearl works ten hours a day on the sugar plantations.
Pearl wrestles with unexpected questions, too.
Pearls adds credibility.
Pearls also grace the top and are approx.
Pearls appear in white, blue, cream, rose, exotic grays and blacks.
Pearls are a chemical and organic gem and require a more specialized care.
Pearls are a pink shade color.
Pearls are all good and no color wear.
Pearls are also a product of mollusks, being developed in the shells of a number of bivalve forms.
Pearls are also a product of niollusks, being developed in the shells of a number of bivalve forms.
Pearls are always a wonderful gift for many occasions.
Pearls are always in and always give a high fashion classic style to any ensemble.
Pearls are always lovely and are always a welcome addition to any collection.
Pearls are another favorite.
Pearls are available in more colors than even sapphires.
Pearls are back in fashion - in a big way.
Pearls are delicate.
Pearls are Eternal.
Pearls are famous in China and Japan.
Pearls are formed by secretion of a calcareous substance around irritating sand grains.
Pearls are genuine, pin is dainty, intricate and well made.
Pearls are hard nodular precipitates formed inside the shells of mollusks such as clams.
Pearls are in excellent condition.
Pearls are in vogue.
Pearls are less durable than most gems.
Pearls are organic gems, products of living organisms.
Pearls are organic gemstones, forming in shellfish such as oysters and mussels.
Pearls are pastel micas that add lustre and a pearlescent effect and are soap grade.
Pearls are perfectly round with very high luster and almost no blemishes.
Pearls are precious stones that only come about through struggling and hardships.
Pearls are really hot and still a fashion necessity.
Pearls are riches.
Pearls are said to aid in inner vision and help improve self-worth.
Pearls are sensitive to acids, dryness and humidity.
Pearls are sensitive to strong chemicals like sprays, deodorants and perfumes.
Pearls are small and often white but sometimes in pale colors or even black .
Pearls are small and often white but sometimes in pale colors or even black.
Pearls are stylish and very popular right now.
Pearls are the choice of brides for jewelry on their wedding day.
Pearls are the gems that most often come to mind for weddings.
Pearls are the Island is most ancienst treasure.
Pearls are the key.
Pearls are the main local product.
Pearls are the most versatile piece of jewelry a woman can own.
Pearls are the reward of hard work.
Pearls are the specialty of the South and they come in a variety of makes, sizes and colors.
Pearls are Timeless.
Pearls are uniform and are as close as possible to each other.
Pearls are very good when marinated or pickled .
Pearls are what oysters make out of an irritating piece of sand.
Pearls are white and are a symbol of purity.
Pearls can be smooth, slightly irregular, irregular, or very irregular.
Pearls come in a wide range of colors from delicate rose white to black.
Pearls come in a wide range of colors.
Pearls come in a wide range of sizes.
Pearls come in many colors, black, blue, yellow, pink, white, and many shades in between.
Pearls come in many colors.
Pearls continue to be one of the most important pieces of jewelry in most women's wardrobe.
Pearls embellish the haloes and the floral motifs at intervals.
Pearls encrust the heads of the fish and faux emeralds are set into the eyes.
Pearls explores both the natural and cultural history of one of the world's most alluring gems.
Pearls give promise of abundant supplies of water in the future.
Pearls give strength to the heart and are often used in Ayurvedic medicine.
Pearls glisten as a part of a web of beauty in an enchanted land.
Pearls have a body color and overtones.
Pearls have a long history of being treasured by people all over the world.
Pearls have an indefinable beauty and value.
Pearls have no practical value aside from use in fine jewellery.
Pearls have smooth, rounded crowns, while rice types are pointed.
Pearls have very porous surfaces.
Pearls heat faster than rhinestones.
Pearls highlight a woman's coloring by contrasting with the skin.
Pearls improve with age.
Pearls melt in vinegar.
Pearls occur in a spectrum of shades.
Pearls occur in clams in the Rock River.
Pearls produced by the molluscs in their own natural habitat are natural pearls .
Pearls range in price from tens of thousands of dollars to under one hundred dollars.
Pearls represent another commercial use of invertebrates with a long historic tradition.
Pearls represent beauty through suffering.
Pearls represent love, purity and intelligence.
Pearls represent modesty, chastity and purity.
Pearls Start low, go slow.
Pearls symbolize modesty and purity.
Pearls takes reservations.
Pearls vary in size from a pin head to pigeon's egg size.
All pearls are in tact.
All pearls come from farms in the Far East or South East Asia.
All pearls grow around a core.
Every pearl contains some imperfection.
Every pearl is unique and natural.
Most pearl consists of layers.
Most pearl has weight.
Most pearl is located in oysters.
Most pearl occurs in oysters.
Most pearls are color enhanced to become a specific color.
Some pearl comes from oysters.
Some pearl has plumages.
Some pearls are even bi-color.
Some pearls can develop in a period of six months.
Some pearls can get to be the size of golf ball.
Some pearls reflect light with a rainbow-like effect, but all have their own luster and magic.
Pearlescent colors are for soap only.
Pearlescent thermography uses a special pearlescent resin.
Pearlite improves yield and tensile strengths.
Pearlite is mixture
Pearlite is multicolored.
Pearlite is nice, since it is so light.
Pearlized diamond sights.
Peary caribou are the smallest.
Peary caribou migrate seasonally among the Arctic islands where they spend their lifetime.
Peasant farmers live in poor quality housing often on hillsides or next to rivers.
Most peasant revolts start by killing the tax collectors.
Peasant shirts work really well with short hair.
Peasant societies depend to a considerable extent on the physical environment in which they live.
A peasant is a common man
Peasant homesteads usually consist of extended families.
Peasants also feel more secure with several children.
Peasants are angry about being ripped off by corrupt municipal authorities.
Peasants are farmers, fishers, artisans who make pottery, weave mats, make cloth.
Peasants are located in villages.
Peasants are naturally wise in many ways.
Peasants are still a huge force in the world, as is their semifeudal oppression.
Peasants are tenants who work on someone else's land for wages.
Peasants are workers.
Peasants become slaves to landowners.
Peasants build things and defend their unguarded towns against attack.
Peasants can only plough the land plot by plot.
Peasants cheer when multinational corporations come to town.
Peasants collapse in the fields and paddies.
Peasants consume what they produce, recycle waste, and pollute little.
Peasants don t care much for pompous princes either or for their aides, for that matter.
Peasants drank water, wine, and beer and ate soups and gruel made of grains and vegetables.
Peasants grow the coffee at high altitudes, and it is processed using the wet method.
Peasants haul in their treasures on bicycles, broken-down trucks and by foot.
Peasants have a symbiotic relationship with the larger society.
Peasants have names.
Peasants hope for calm, dry days during lancing season.
Peasants lead herds of cows tattooed to their names and prepare the rice harvesting.
Peasants leave apples on the graves of relatives as gifts.
Peasants live in dirt-floored shanties pieced together from cardboard and corrugated metal.
Peasants live intimately with nature.
Peasants living in the south have in a way learnt to live with various diseases.
Peasants make up a large percentage of China's population.
Peasants move from one plantation to the next as their loans are sold from one landlord to another.
Peasants pool their money about once a week and give it to one person.
Peasants see land as their only means of access to better income and security.
Peasants sneeze and so do police superintendents, and sometimes even privy councillors.
Peasants spend their days laboring in the fields, and usually work a seven day week.
Peasants store the seeds in sacks for up to ten years.
Peasants use the shoreline as a latrine.
Peasants work the land the traditional way, using yaks, the main livestock.
Peasants often stays booked out as far as three months.
Any peasant can do it.
Every peasant knows how the landowners have been oppressing the people.
Many peasants believe only sons can carry on the family line.
Many peasants prefer foreign investment as it brings much needed employment.
Many peasants working the land are ignorant of the environmental impact that gold mining has.
More peasants mean more power.
Most peasants are Indian.
Most peasants have little or no land.
Peat accumulation is a result of an excess of production of decomposition.
Peat accumulation is limited in swamps as decomposition rates are high.
A peat bog is wetland
Peat bogs develop where the ground is water logged and is, as a result, poor in oxygen.
Peat bogs develop where the ground is waterlogged and is, as a result, poor in oxygen.
Peat bogs develop where the ground is waterlogged.
Peat deposits are present in coastal plains throughout mainland New Zealand.
Peat deposition is the first step in the formation of coal.
Peat extraction is highly destructive.
Peat extraction is of little statistical significance in Mexico.
Peat fires are used to dry malted barley for use in Scotch whisky distillation.
Peat fires burn deep underground for years and are almost impossible to control on a large scale.
Peat fires burn holes in the marsh floor to provide additional water areas.
Peat fires burn slowly, and can smolder on for several weeks.
Peat monsters are obvious choices for vatting.
Peat moss boosts acidity, organic matter, and moisture at the same time.
Peat moss expands and contracts when it is subject to wetting and drying cycles.
Peat moss is acidic and holds water very well.
Peat moss is best to use, followed by pine bark, leaf mold, and then sawdust.
Peat moss is best to use, followed by pine bark, leaf mold, sawdust, and peanut hulls.
Peat moss is devoid of nutrients.
Peat moss is difficult to work into soil.
Peat moss is expensive but is a good source of organic matter.
Peat moss is ideal for azaleas and is probably the best to use.
Peat moss is ideal for most ornamentals.
Peat moss is moss
Peat moss is notorious for taking forever to saturate with water.
Peat moss is obtained from bogs which are destroyed by the removal of the moss.
Peat moss is usually available in moist or dry forms.
Peat moss is well known for high porosity and perlite has a similar property.
Peat moss loosens clay soils and binds sandy soils.
Peat moss protects soil from hardening and adds organic material.
Peat moss restructures the soil, whereas compost provides nutrients.
Peat moss tends to shed water and it splashes blooms badly during hard rains.
Most peat moss is composed primarily of sphagnum moss.
Many peat pellets come with a ready-made planting hole.
Peat pots are a little trickier.
Peat pots are another good choice as they can be planted directly in the garden.
Peat pots are containers of peat moss compressed into the shape of a pot.
Peat soils are often a dark brown color.
Peat soils have low exchangeable bases and base saturation values.
Peat is a humate
Peats increase the water storage capacity of sandy soils and the permeability of heavy clay soils.
Some peats have millions of spores and pollen per gram.
Peaty soil is usually dark brown but it can also be black.
Peaty soils are widespread, with stony, gravel soils at high elevations.
A peavey is a lever
Peavey cites another reason for Manning's selection.
Pebble accretion is aided by the gas drag felt by objects as they accelerate toward a massive body.
Pebble beach has a gentle in a restored inn on Edinburgh.
Pebble Beach has the wind and the rain and the ocean licking at the Pacific coastline.
Pebble Beach is a golfing experience.
Pebble Beach is a great place to spend a day exploring nature.
Pebble Beach is a unique natural phenomenon and an opportunity to learn about coastal geology.
Pebble Beach is an enigma.
Pebble Beach is beautiful.
Pebble Beach is hard by the Pacific Ocean, and fog and rain are always possible here.
Pebble Beach is in California.
Pebble Beach is minutes away.
Pebble Beach is on the far hillside and off to the left.
Pebble Beach is one of the toughest courses in the world.
Pebble Beach is right rough.
Pebble Beach is too far away.
Pebble Beach is unique in the way it bleds beauty with toughness.
Pebble Books provide students with opportunities for reading within the content areas.
Pebble crabs use claws.
Pebble grain is ok.
Pebble surface provides wearing and crack resistant properties.
Pebble tools are found the latest first in southern Europe and then in northern.
A pebble is a stone
Pebble isa rock.
Pebble isa stone.
Pebbles are all shapes, colors, and sizes.
Pebbles are information appliances.
Pebbles are located in aquariums.
Pebbles are located in beachs.
Pebbles are located in creeks.
Pebbles are located in gravel.
Pebbles are located in ground.
Pebbles are located in lakes.
Pebbles are located in meadows.
Pebbles are located in playgrounds.
Pebbles are located in ponds.
Pebbles are located in riverbeds.
Pebbles are located in rivers.
Pebbles are located in shoes.
Pebbles are located in streets.
Pebbles are rocks.
Pebbles are small rocks.
Pebbles are small stones.
Pebbles are smooth because they are constantly being moved by tides and waves.
Pebbles are stones.
Pebbles are the smallest type of gravel. .
Pebbles are used for looking.
Pebbles are used for paving paths.
Pebbles are used for throwings.
Pebbles contain the same apatite variety.
Pebbles have (part) sections.
Pebbles rest on some of the nameplates.
Many pebbles can make a mountain.
Some pebbles look different when they are wet, so have a pan of water available for each group.
Some pebbles match exactly with rocks which are unique to Norway.
Pebbled leather ensures rich style in a sharp, water-resistant passport cover.
Pebbled pathways cover several feet of soil.
PEC access works.
Pec fins have most of the bones present in our own arms and hands, except for the thumb bones.
Most pecan buyers have similar standards for buying pecans.
Pecan crop is fair.
Pecan crop is light and few insect problems.
Pecan crop is light to moderate.
Pecan crop is short.
Pecan crop ranges from poor to good.
Pecan crops are in fair condition.
Pecan cultivars differ in the order that the male and female flowers mature.
Pecan cultivars differ in the order that the staminate and pistillate flowers mature.
Pecan cultivars vary in their tendency toward alternate bearing.
Pecan drop continues.
All pecan enthusiasts are welcome to join.
Pecan farms line the road in places.
Pecan floors run throughout the house and suites.
Pecan fudge is chocolate stuffed with lots of pecans.
Pecan growers start harvesting after early freezes knock leaves off the trees.
Pecan harvest continues.
Pecan harvest is complete.
Pecan harvest is virtually complete.
Pecan hulls are reddish brown and color.
Pecan kernels develop black spots.
Pecan leaves are alternate and odd pinnate.
Pecan moisture needs to be decreased as soon as practical after harvesting.
Pecan nuts are long and pointed and have thin shells.
Pecan nuts vary in size, shape, and shell thickness.
Pecan orchards are on flood plains.
Pecan orchards span the entire southern United States.
Pecan pancakes are killer.
Pecan Park is in a grove of large green pecan trees along the river.
Pecan pie has far too much filling in proportion to the nuts, but it flaunts a wicked bourbon sauce.
Pecan pie is about one of the most popular recipe made from pecans.
Pecan pie is also wonderful.
Pecan pie is pie
Pecan pie is pie.
Pecan pie is probably the worst.
Pecan pieces have a shorter shelf-life than pecan halves.
Pecan pollen can cause fairly strong allergic reactions.
Pecan production is a major industry in the southeastern United States.
Pecan production is the most geographically dispersed of commercial tree nuts.
Pecan progress is fair.
Pecan prospects are good.
Pecan roots are very tough and can withstand rough treatment.
Pecan scab is a fungal disease that affects developing shoots, leaves and nuts.
Pecan scab is noticeable.
Pecan scab occurs on immature leaves, shucks of developing nuts and current season twigs.
Pecan scab occurs on leaves, twigs and nut shucks.
Pecan shells are an excellent mulch for acid-loving plants like azaleas.
Pecan shows are one of the best teaching tools available.
Pecan tissue is most susceptible when it is young and actively growing.
A pecan tree is a nut tree
Pecan tree grow and produce best if they receive two inches of water per week.
Pecan trees are also sensitive to salt build up in the soils.
Pecan trees are also useful as shade or ornamental trees.
Pecan trees are at a high-risk stage.
Pecan trees are deciduous plants.
Pecan trees are everywhere and provide terrific shade.
Pecan trees are fine.
Pecan trees are found in practically every county in Florida.
Pecan trees are fruit trees.
Pecan trees are native to south central North America, and they grow best in deep, loamy soil.
Pecan trees are native to the Mississippi river valley.
Pecan trees are the official state trees of the state.
Pecan trees are trees.
Pecan trees are wind pollinated.
Pecan trees attain large size.
Pecan trees attain size.
Pecan trees consist of roots.
Pecan trees consist of tap roots.
Pecan trees develop a true taproot that requires protection throughout shipping and planting.
Pecan trees grow best on sandy loam soils with well-drained subsoil.
Pecan trees grow to height.
Pecan trees have staminate and pistillate flowers on the same plant.
Pecan trees have staminate and pistillate flowers that open in the spring.
Pecan trees love water and often grow in or near flood prone areas.
Pecan trees perform best if planted in deep, fertile, slightly acidic soils.
Pecan trees require a large hole for proper transplanting.
Pecan trees require ample nitrogen fertilizer for good production.
Pecan trees seem to be especially susceptible to ice damage.
Many pecan trees die as a result of drying out in the hours or days before they are planted.
Most pecan trees attain large size.
Most pecan trees attain size.
Most pecan trees consist of roots.
Most pecan trees consist of tap roots.
Most pecan trees grow to height.
Pecan Valley is great.
Pecan varieties differ in resistance to scab and other diseases.
Pecan varieties differ widely in their susceptibility to attack.
Pecan varieties vary greatly in their susceptibility to scab.
Pecan varieties vary in their susceptibility to the scab fungus.
All pecan varieties are susceptible to zonate leafspot.
Most pecan varieties are resistant.
Pecan weevils cause two types of damage.
Pecan weevils Pick up and destroy infested nuts as they fall.
Pecan wood is used for flooring, woodenware and novelties.
Pecan yields are low, poor quality.
A pecan is a nut tree
Pecan isa wood.
Pecans add the crunch.
Pecans also are high in vitamin E and provide extra fiber.
Pecans also contain the toxin juglone that can cause laminitis in horses.
Pecans also exist in the river bottomlands of Texas and northern Mexico.
Pecans also require at least two varieties to insure cross-pollination.
Pecans are a good source of protein and fiber and are rich in potassium and phosphorus.
Pecans are a good source of protein.
Pecans are a multimillion-dollar industry.
Pecans are a popular food item eaten in their natural form or as a component in other food dishes.
Pecans are a true southern belle.
Pecans are a unique tree species.
Pecans are a very close relative.
Pecans are also a good snacking nut.
Pecans are also a major ingredient in praline candy.
Pecans are also prone to infection by fungi, especially in humid conditions.
Pecans are an excellent seller, already extremely popular with the public.
Pecans are an excellent source of monounsaturated fatty acid - similar to olive oil.
Pecans are another native American nut.
Pecans are at a shortage due to the drought and pending due to wet ground.
Pecans are common across the state.
Pecans are currently the only major native nut-producing tree in North America.
Pecans are dormant.
Pecans are edible fruit.
Pecans are excellent dooryard trees in the southeast, provided adequate space is available.
Pecans are fair.
Pecans are in poly bags shipped in cardboard boxes for freshness.
Pecans are in the gel to dough stage.
Pecans are long lasting and, when stored properly, hold their freshness for up to two years.
Pecans are native to floodplains and river-bottoms, and have an inherently high water requirement.
Pecans are native to North America where they are cultivated today.
Pecans are nut trees.
Pecans are nuts.
Pecans are on sale now for the holidays.
Pecans are one of the largest fruit-bearing trees.
Pecans are one of the oldest crops and are native to Texas.
Pecans are one of the top cash crops of north Louisiana.
Pecans are part of pecans.
Pecans are plants.
Pecans are pollinated by the wind.
Pecans are poor.
Pecans are rich in protein, potassium, zinc, vitamin E, magnesium, carbohydrates, and folic acid.
Pecans are the fattiest nut.
Pecans are the only tree nut that is truly native to the United States.
Pecans are to be exhibited in a natural state with no alterations.
Pecans are wood.
Pecans can be part of a balanced and varied diet.
Pecans can become an important health food becasue of their high level of monounsaturated fats.
Pecans can help lower total blood cholesterol and combat heart disease.
Pecans can last up to six months in their shells if refrigerated.
Pecans can replace the walnuts.
Pecans can replace walnuts.
Pecans contain oil that compares very favorably with oil from other oil seed crops.
Pecans continue to drop.
Pecans continue to mature.
Pecans have a much thinner shell, making it easier to access the meat or kernel of the nut.
Pecans have a strong tendency toward alternate-year bearing while in the wild, unmanaged state.
Pecans have slight bud swell and some leaves showing.
Pecans have their origins in prehistory.
Pecans last a long time, particularly when frozen, and can hold their freshness for up to two years.
Pecans look good with some ready for harvest.
Pecans look good.
Pecans lower low-density lipoprotein cholesterol in people with normal lipid levels.
Pecans make a good crumb mix.
Pecans sell themselves.
Pecans thrive in soil that is damp and wet.
Some pecans add texture.
Peccary tusks are short, straight and razor sharp whereas pigs have long, curved tusks.
A peccary is a hoofed mammal
Peccaries also have a dorsal scent gland, located toward the posterior of their backs.
Peccaries also have a powerful musk gland on the top of the rump.
Peccaries also have an over-sized head and are covered with long stiff hairs.
Peccaries are a favorite hunting animal.
Peccaries are active all day long, although mostly at dawn and dusk.
Peccaries are capable of reproducing twice a year.
Peccaries are close relatives of pigs and boars.
Peccaries are from North and South America.
Peccaries are game animals.
Peccaries are gregarious.
Peccaries are herd animals their entire lives.
Peccaries are immune to some snake venoms.
Peccaries are mammals.
Peccaries are nocturnal animals in the pig family that travel in herds.
Peccaries are omnivorous but prefer roots, fruit and seeds or in desert areas, cacti.
Peccaries are omnivorous, feeding on a variety of plants, small animals, and carrion.
Peccaries are pig-like animals native to the area.
Peccaries are plant eaters and use it for defense.
Peccaries are social animals , and often form herds .
Peccaries are usually dark gray and have a white collar on the neck.
Peccaries belong to a separate genus indigenous only to North America.
Peccaries consume fruit.
Peccaries eat cacti.
Peccaries eat fruits, seeds, berries, nuts, vines, snakes, and insects.
Peccaries eat roots.
Peccaries have (part) brains.
Peccaries have (part) breasts.
Peccaries have (part) cannon bones.
Peccaries have (part) cell membranes.
Peccaries have (part) cells.
Peccaries have (part) chest cavities.
Peccaries have (part) chests.
Peccaries have (part) corpi.
Peccaries have (part) cytoplasm.
Peccaries have (part) ears.
Peccaries have (part) faces.
Peccaries have (part) heads.
Peccaries have (part) hip sockets.
Peccaries have (part) hoofs.
Peccaries have (part) nuclei.
Peccaries have (part) piluses.
Peccaries have (part) plasma membranes.
Peccaries have (part) rib cages.
Peccaries have (part) sections.
Peccaries have (part) skulls.
Peccaries have (part) sterna.
Peccaries have (part) vacuoles.
Peccaries have a complex stomach that contains four compartments.
Peccaries have a long fossil history.
Peccaries have a long history in North America.
Peccaries have coats.
Peccaries have complex stomachs that can effectively digest fiber like ruminants.
Peccaries have glands.
Peccaries have grey coats.
Peccaries have large, sharp canines that form a distinct lump under the lips.
Peccaries have long, coarse dark gray hair with a whitish collar on their neck.
Peccaries have poor vision, fair hearing and a keen sense of smell.
Peccaries have scent glands below each eye and on their backs which are used to mark territories.
Peccaries have scent glands.
Peccaries have senses.
Peccaries live in areas.
Peccaries live in herds composed of large family groups.
Peccaries live in small groups.
Peccaries look much like pigs and live in similar ways.
Peccaries mainly feed on berries, grass, roots, beans, nuts and cacti.
Peccaries make snorting, woofing, and grunting noises.
Peccaries mark territories with a skunk-like odor which is detectable from hundreds of feet away.
Peccaries normally come out in the evenings and early mornings to forage for food.
Peccaries occupy a great variety of habitats, from rainforest to woodlands to desert scrub.
Peccaries originate in hemispheres.
Peccaries originate in western hemispheres.
Peccaries present interesting challenges as study subjects.
Peccaries reach maturity.
Peccaries reach sexual maturity.
Peccaries share remarkable similarity.
Peccaries share similarity.
Peccaries shelter in thickets or under large boulders.
Peccaries spend most of their time resting and feeding.
Peccaries tend to remain near permanent sources of water.
Peccaries travel long distances and their presence in a certain area is episodic and unpredictable.
Peccaries use canine teeth.
Peccaries use teeth.
Peccary isa ungulate.
Most peccaries consume fruit.
Most peccaries eat roots.
Most peccaries have coats.
Most peccaries have glands.
Most peccaries have scent glands.
Most peccaries have senses.
Most peccaries live in areas.
Most peccaries never travel far from their place of birth.
Most peccaries originate in hemispheres.
Most peccaries originate in western hemispheres.
Most peccaries reach maturity.
Most peccaries reach sexual maturity.
Most peccaries share remarkable similarity.
Most peccaries share similarity.
Most peccaries use canine teeth.
Most peccaries use teeth.
Some peccaries adapt to fire.
Some peccaries consume flowers.
Some peccaries die from diseases.
Some peccaries eat food.
Some peccaries eat herbivorous food.
Some peccaries emerge from national parks.
Some peccaries emerge from parks.
Some peccaries feed on cacti.
Some peccaries have long snouts.
Some peccaries have snouts.
Some peccaries kill dogs.
Some peccaries live in desert regions.
Some peccaries live in regions.
Some peccaries look like pigs.
Some peccaries look like wild pigs.
Some peccaries sport round snouts.
Some peccaries use bark.
Peck lake are now a distant memory.
Peck Lake is a hot spot for sport fishing, camping, boating and other outdoor activities.
Peck calls such charges sour grapes from vindictive losers.
Peck chairs the magazine program.
Peck hints at a white hand playing a critical role at the edge of the frame.
Peck is an unit
Peck is u.s.
Peck is units of measure.
Peck specializes in personal and business tax consulting, planning and management.
Peck stands right in the middle, the proper place to be.
A pecker is a bird
Pecker determines that New York is bad and Baltimore is good.
Pecker earns three stars but five pink flamingos.
Pecker is a heightened reality, of course.
Pecker is a photographer.
Pecker is different, all right.
Pecker is full of kitschy characters.
Pecker showcases the bizarre contrast between the New York art world and blue-collar Baltimore.
Pecker snaps away with total innocence.
Pecky cypress covers the walls in the den.
Pecky cypress frames the walls of the den.
Pectines are sexually dimorphic in that males have larger pectines with more and larger teeth.
Pectines can detect scent trails left by other scorpions as well as the surrounding air movement.
Pectic enzymes take part in the softening of tissues of vegetable products.
Pectin is cellulose
Pectin is cellulose.
Pectins also form gels under certain conditions.
Pectins are chemicals related to carbohydrates and are found in fruits and vegetables.
Pectins are components of intercellular spaces in higher plants .
Pectins are components of the middle lamella and the matrix phase of the primary cell wall.
Pectins are predominant in the middle lamella, the layer between neighbouring cells.
Pectins are present in all plant cells and in the outer skin and rind of fruits and vegetables.
Pectins are unique and complicated types of fiber.
Pectins are what are commonly used to produce jellies.
Pectins can ferment in the rumen as rapidly as starch, but they form acetate rather than propionate.
Pectins operate by binding with bile acids, thereby decreasing cholesterol and fat absorption.
Pectins readily hold water in an interconnecting network.
A pectoral fin is a fin
Pectoral fin is scaled.
Pectoral fins are fins.
Pectoral fins are larger than pelvic fins, located above the ventral surface and rounded tips.
Pectoral fins are long , swept back.
Pectoral fins are long and slender, typically with dusky tips.
Pectoral fins are massive in both length and thickness.
Pectoral fins are much longer than the snout length.
Pectoral fins are rounded and noticeably larger than the pelvic fins.
Pectoral fins are very small.
Pectoral fins originate behind the head and extend outwards.
Pectoral flippers are a dolphin's forelimbs.
Pectoral flippers are curved back slightly and pointed at the tips.
Pectoral muscles pull the wings down, causing forward motion of the bird.
Pectoral spines are grooved but lack teeth.
A pectoral is a striated muscle
Pectoral fins high on the body with round margin.
Pectoral fins large, with narrowly rounded or pointed apex.
Pectoral fins limb-like, resembling elbow, their unbranched rays ending in jointed fleshy tips.
Pectoral fins quite large but slender, with their anterior margins measuring ca.
Pectoral fins shorter than head length in adults.
Pectoral fins small.
Pectorals are adornment.
Pectorals are skeletal muscles.
Pectorals are yellowish with orange- red axils.
Pectorals Lie on bench, feet flat on floor.
Pectoralis Lie on back with involved arm out to the side at shoulder height.
Peculation is a felony
Peculation is remarkably absent from British public life.
Peculiar construction produces results.
Most peculiar construction produces results.
Peculiar conversations are delightful.
Peculiar effects play roles.
Most peculiar effects play roles.
Some peculiar features suggesting post-transcriptional regulation are present.
Peculiar galaxies are generally smaller and optically dimmer than regular galaxies.
Many peculiar galaxies turn out to be what are known as active galaxies.
Peculiar motions develop, in addition to the cosmic expansion.
Peculiar noises are often an early warning sign.
Peculiar shapes move upon dusty shelves.
A peculiar velocity is speed
Peculiar velocities affect inferred distance.
Pecuniary benefits result from price changes in response to market forces.
Pecuniary loss includes business interruption, mortgage payment protection and credit insurance.
Pecuniary loss includes the cost of repair or replacement of the property affected.
Pecuniary loss means the loss of money or things that have monetary value.
Pecuniary offenses require payment.
Pedagogical advantages are great.
Pedagogical approach is fixed, and usually very simple.
Pedagogical approaches emphasize small group and cooperative work.
Pedagogical articles report the results of serious research, experimentation, and evaluation.
Pedagogical discussions start here.
Pedagogical exchanges facilitate coordination and lead to a more coherent teaching structure.
Pedagogical factors are critical in budgeting teaching resources.
Pedagogical issues are paramount if the goal is to achieve best teaching practice.
Pedagogical justification seems to follow.
Pedagogical patterns try to capture expert knowledge of the practice of teaching and learning.
Pedagogical purpose is just as valid as others.
Pedagogical relationships are fundamental to our being human in the first place.
Pedagogical style is a key factor in the formula for being a successful teacher.
A pedagogue is a professional
Pedagogues are just as vulnerable to pathos as playwrights, painters and poets.
Pedagogues help the pupils develop the understanding of histrionics as a process.
Pedagogues tend to make the rationale of bilingual education unnecessarily complicated.
Pedagogues tend to place the learner central to everything else that transpires in the home.
Pedagogy comes before technology.
Pedagogy drives the designs.
Pedagogy embodies teacher-focused education.
Pedagogy emphasizes informed discussion and active learning rather than mostly lecture.
Pedagogy focuses on children.
Pedagogy includes journal articles, field project, and individual assignments.
Pedagogy includes large, readable figures and examples that clearly illustrate technology concepts.
Pedagogy includes lectures, international cases, simulations, and field research.
Pedagogy Includes syllabi and other pedagogy-related links.
Pedagogy involves lectures, discussions, and selected readings and cases.
Pedagogy involves lectures, labs, discussions, and selected readings and cases.
Pedagogy is a collaboration in which participants are both part of the group and apart from it.
Pedagogy is a secondary concern.
Pedagogy is a word used internationally.
Pedagogy is an activity
Pedagogy is an asset provided it is built on faith.
Pedagogy is based on sound research and proven good practices.
Pedagogy is defined as the art, science or profession of teaching.
Pedagogy is designed to help students develop their abilities to form independent judgments.
Pedagogy is important to the preparation of career and technical education teachers.
Pedagogy is one topic which cuts cross all discipline lines.
Pedagogy is required of all music majors.
Pedagogy is that way.
Pedagogy is the art and science of teaching.
Pedagogy is the art of cultivating the young so that they blossom into cultured adults.
Pedagogy is the determinant of human relationships in the educational process.
Pedagogy is useless without subject-matter content.
Pedagogy is what counts and the delivery of content.
Pedagogy refers to teaching, instruction, and approaches created to enhance learning.
Pedagogy takes place in teaching physical education and wellness and in coaching sports.
Pedagogy then is the study of both the guiding process itself and the training of the guide.
Pedagogy varies from camp to camp.
All pedagogy is a call to action.
Pedal boats are available during warm weather months.
Pedal boats are available to rent, and kayakers are welcome.
Pedal boats are available.
Pedal glands secrete adhesive materials.
Pedal glands secrete materials.
A pedal pusher is a trouser
Pedal pushers are back in style.
A pedal is a note
Pedal isa lever.
Pedal pulses palpable bilateral.
Pedals actually helps to cure or prevent the syndrome.
Pedals also features adult tricycles and tall men's bikes.
Pedals are control devices.
Pedals are generally the cheapest route, and the most reliable on the road.
Pedals are levers.
Pedals are located in cars.
Pedals are located in pianos.
Pedals are ok.
Pedals are part of bicycles.
Pedals are part of motor vehicles.
Pedals are part of organs.
Pedals are red and are in mint condition as well are the clips.
Pedals continue to play a crucial role in devising routes and leading rides.
Pedals get spongier as the fluid gets hotter.
Pedals have (part) fulcrums.
Pedals have (part) sections.
Pedals have the proper orientation, but shifting becomes a left-handed operation.
Pedals snap easily.
Pedals spin on forward.
All pedals are brand new with very limited use.
Most pedals are pretty well-constructed.
Some pedals are part of bicycles.
Some pedals are part of bikes.
Some pedals are part of dumpers.
Some pedals are part of go-karts.
Some pedals are part of motorbikes.
Some pedals are part of pickups.
Some pedals are part of trucks.
Some pedals offer alternatives.
Some pedals offer variable release tension.
Pedant humans are stupid and evil.
A pedant is a student
Pedants are capable of school students.
Pedants are scholars.
Pedants celebrate the beginning of the fifteenth century.
Pedants celebrate the beginning of the sixteenth century.
Pedants celebrate the beginning of the thirteenth century.
Pedants do have a tendency to get steamed up about some curious things.
Pedants object that the word diet is a little big tight to the food habits and tradition at issue.
Pedants sneer at an education which is useful.
Pedants think that the dialectic is an idle play of the mind.
Pedantic portraits are dull.
Pedantic professors sport the full beard, cozy in the snugness of tenure.
Pedantic scholars fail to recognize knowledge as something other than a possession.
A pedantry is fanfare
Pedantries are ostentation.
Pedantry adheres to forms and methods, to the sacrifice of the practical object involved.
Pedantry has no place in software engineering.
Pedantry implies an overly strict adherence to rules.
Pedantry is a hard vice to give up.
Pedantry is out, essays are in.
Pedantry is too easy, in fact.
A peddler is a vendor
Peddlers are sellers.
Peddlers hawk their wares as the crowd waits for the bullfight to begin.
Peddlers hawk their wares.
Peddlers race up and down the aisles, selling all kinds of strange and normal things.
Most peddlers are small-scale thieves and scam artists with small amounts of nuclear material.
Pedestal commodes look great with period decors, but they eat up storage space.
Pedestal design maximizes forms access and minimizes floor space required.
Pedestal floor stand model includes lighting unit.
Pedestal model provides quick access to printed forms and small footprint.
Pedestal night stands with tulip lights.
Pedestal sinks are in great demand today due to their graceful lines and design details.
Pedestal sinks look great with many period decors, but they eat up storage space.
All pedestal sinks consist of a pedestal and a separate sink, or basin.
Pedestal tub has circular shower curtain with rain shower for the charm of yesteryear.
A pedestal is support
Pedestals are available freestanding, suspended, work-surface support, and mobile.
Pedestals are available in natural or reconstituted stone.
Pedestals are dark green.
Pedestals are located in art museums.
Pedestals are located in libraries.
Pedestals are located in museums.
Pedestals are located in theaters.
Pedestals are oak with mahogany veneer, the top is solid mahogany.
Pedestals are osage orange.
Pedestals are part of columns.
Pedestals are status.
Pedestals are support.
Pedestals are to be finished to match the lockers.
Pedestals are to be screwed to the floor.
Pedestals are used for bibles.
Pedestals are used for dictionaries.
Pedestals can also serve as additional storage space.
Pedestals can be very unstable.
Pedestals Click on a link to view more product information.
Pedestals consist of regular and file drawer units that are placed under the worksurface.
Pedestals consist of regular and file drawer units that are under the worksurface.
Pedestals made of lime green plexiglass give a feeling of the merchandise being up on the air.
Pedestals support the porch roof.
All pedestals are open-back, with three shelves.
Pedestrian access is by a turnstile.
Pedestrian access is clear to north stairs leading to plaza level.
Pedestrian access is daily but vehicle access is only on weekends.
Pedestrian access is diminished or blocked completely by public or private development.
Pedestrian access is from adjacent footpath.
Pedestrian access is via a staircase leading down from the Michigan avenue bridge.
Pedestrian accidents are common, too, often due to unfamiliarity with traffic rules and patterns.
Pedestrian accidents continue to kill or injury thousands each year, most of whom are children.
Pedestrian activity results from designing downtowns to maintain pedestrian interest.
Pedestrian amenities are few and poorly marked.
Pedestrian amenities are generally limited or non-existent.
Pedestrian areas help children's asthma.
Pedestrian areas make shopping a pleasure in most Swiss cities.
Pedestrian boardwalks line the main street.
A pedestrian bridge is a bridge
Pedestrian bridges connect the new facility to the rest of the campus.
Pedestrian bridges offer lovely views of the lake and park.
Pedestrian circulation follows the same form by defining space for the user in a human scale.
Pedestrian circulation is designed to encourage interaction with neighbors.
Pedestrian comfort needs to be addressed.
Pedestrian concerns rank high on both.
A pedestrian crossing is a crossover
Pedestrian crossing is difficult, but bicyclists seem to be no less safe than before.
Pedestrian crossing is generally verboten - too wide and unprotected.
Pedestrian crossings are crossings.
Pedestrian crossings are located in street corners.
Pedestrian deaths are a major problem in large urban areas.
Pedestrian deaths are principally an urban problem.
Pedestrian deaths are the third leading cause of death for children nationwide.
Pedestrian deaths occur disproportionately among children and adolescents.
Pedestrian deaths represent over a quarter of all road deaths.
Pedestrian entrances lead to a loop trail around a pond.
Pedestrian funding needs a similar increase.
Pedestrian immigrants use up traffic signal electricity by insisting on crossing at the crosswalks.
Pedestrian injuries are the biggest danger.
Pedestrian injuries are the third leading cause of death to children ages one to four.
Pedestrian injuries represent the second largest category of motor vehicle-related deaths.
Pedestrian issues are community issues.
Pedestrian laws apply.
Pedestrian motion is characterized by a wide range of variable sensory stimuli.
Pedestrian movement is critical in the landscape.
Pedestrian movement is one of the most common and basic forms of transportation.
Pedestrian networks are accessible to all, easy to use, and connect to places people want to go.
Pedestrian priority is considered a better aim than total pedestrianisation.
Pedestrian safety is a major issue.
Pedestrian safety is a major public health and safety problem.
Pedestrian safety is also critical.
Pedestrian safety is also of major concern when considering traffic.
Pedestrian safety is the focus for grades K through second.
Pedestrian safety is threatened when solicitors block medians, crosswalks and curb cuts.
Pedestrian safety is treated as low priority.
Pedestrian safety remains a major concern.
Pedestrian safety seems well assured for years to come.
Pedestrian signal turns green Pedestrian stage has started.
Pedestrian signals allow people to cross an intersection safely.
Pedestrian streets serve as horizontal circulation throughout the entire complex.
Pedestrian subways link the three central terminals.
Pedestrian traffic flows.
Pedestrian traffic has the right of way at all times.
Pedestrian traffic is back to normal.
Pedestrian traffic is considered a nuisance and danger to the safe and efficient movement of cars.
Pedestrian traffic is in abundance.
Pedestrian traffic is light.
Pedestrian traffic is neglible.
Pedestrian traffic is regulated to a lessor degree.
Pedestrian traffic is traffic
Pedestrian traffic is traffic.
Pedestrian travel is recommended on the road shoulder opposing traffic.
Pedestrian travel is the basic building block for developing a balanced transportation system.
Pedestrian tunnels connect the garage with each of the terminals.
Pedestrian walkway leads to the convention center.
A pedestrian is a traveler
Pedestrian are the second and third most active categories.
Pedestrian are very vulnerable in the road environment, especially compared to other road users.
Pedestrian means a person who is either walking, jogging or running on the multiuse path.
Pedestrian means any person afoot.
Pedestrian oriented and motorist oriented signs have difference criteria of design.
Pedestrians account for a disproportionately high percentage of car crash fatalities in cities.
Pedestrians account for one of every six traffic-related deaths.
Pedestrians also can take a few steps to improve their visibility at night.
Pedestrians also cross against red signals, and diagonally within intersections.
Pedestrians also have duties.
Pedestrians also have greater difficulty in judging the speed of approaching vehicles.
Pedestrians also pay a heavy toll in injuries.
Pedestrians also see ringing a bell as an aggressive act.
Pedestrians also seem to be left out, rather character-istically.
Pedestrians alter their courses for teenage performers with accordions and violins.
Pedestrians are a particularly high-risk group throughout Africa, Asia and the Middle East.
Pedestrians are able to circulate on separate levels.
Pedestrians are also a problem.
Pedestrians are also at risk, be especially careful crossing the street.
Pedestrians are also at risk, so be especially careful in crossing the street.
Pedestrians are as much a part of traffic as motorists, motorcyclists and bicyclists.
Pedestrians are clear of the crosswalk.
Pedestrians are commonly present in residential neighborhoods.
Pedestrians are everywhere in Amish country.
Pedestrians are holy, cars are evil, end of discussion.
Pedestrians are humans.
Pedestrians are located in street corners.
Pedestrians are located in streets.
Pedestrians are Long Island's forgotten travelers.
Pedestrians are more at risk at specific times during the day.
Pedestrians are more comfortable.
Pedestrians are more then welcome to use the path too.
Pedestrians are much more vulnerable than car occupants when a crash occurs.
Pedestrians are native to the streets, but are seen only as inconveniences to car traffic.
Pedestrians are now able to stride around freely in the pedestrian streets and enjoy their shopping.
Pedestrians are our friends, and many pedestrians are supportive of our aims.
Pedestrians are our invisible road users and walking is the forgotten transportation mode .
Pedestrians are people.
Pedestrians are perfectly safe as long as they obey traffic signals and watch for turning cars.
Pedestrians are scarce and that is a problem for businesses.
Pedestrians are subject to all official traffic control devices and signals at intersections.
Pedestrians are the catalyst which makes the essential qualities of communities meaningful.
Pedestrians are the losers.
Pedestrians are the menace here.
Pedestrians are the paramount mmode in a heirarchy of supporting transportation modes.
Pedestrians are the second largest category of motor vehicle deaths, after occupants.
Pedestrians are to be given the right of way at all times.
Pedestrians are to be given the right of way in all situations.
Pedestrians are travelers.
Pedestrians are unpredictable and often disrespectful.
Pedestrians are very difficult to see at night.
Pedestrians are vulnerable.
Pedestrians are welcome to enjoy the one-mile hike to the beach.
Pedestrians are, instead, drawn to streets with a feeling of intimacy and enclosure.
Pedestrians benefit from a pleasant environment in which to walk, shop and wait for transit.
Pedestrians can be very hard to see - especially in bad weather or at night.
Pedestrians can do their part by waiting for a break in traffic before stepping into the street.
Pedestrians can go either direction, though most go counterclockwise as suggested by park officials.
Pedestrians can move freely only at small pedestrian densities.
Pedestrians can still cross the overpass, and are advised to use caution in the work zone.
Pedestrians can stroll leisurely and admire the bronze sculptures or sit at pavement cafes.
Pedestrians can take matters into their own hands if they feel unsafe crossing a certain street.
Pedestrians cross one lane of travel at a time on designated cross walks.
Pedestrians cross wherever and whenever they want while motorists honk at everyone and everything.
Pedestrians dart across the street without waiting for a safe crossing light.
Pedestrians display the same unmindful attitude as negligent bikers.
Pedestrians do have the right of way in a crosswalk.
Pedestrians duck and swerve.
Pedestrians enter and cross in walkways at the signals.
Pedestrians enter free.
Pedestrians enter Staples Center security perimeter.
Pedestrians especially benefit from traffic calming.
Pedestrians experience views of vacant lots, litter, cracked sidewalks and strip bars.
Pedestrians fare badly in Perth.
Pedestrians fear sudden attacks.
Pedestrians flock down main streets normally jammed with cars.
Pedestrians freeze in their tracks.
Pedestrians gasp in unison at spectacular near-collisions between bikes and taxis.
Pedestrians get to go first.
Pedestrians glare at the camera as they sidestep it.
Pedestrians have a wide sidewalk, a double row of trees and a reduced grass blvd.
Pedestrians have an absolute priority.
Pedestrians have an inefficiently low incentive to avoid accidents.
Pedestrians have duties.
Pedestrians have entire areas all to themselves.
Pedestrians have greater difficulty in judging the speed of approaching vehicles.
Pedestrians have no centre island to stop during their crossing of the street.
Pedestrians have no rights.
Pedestrians have no safe place to cross the street, and few close destinations.
Pedestrians have priority in the center city.
Pedestrians have priority on a crosswalk, but they're required to cross streets via crosswalks only.
Pedestrians have right of way at all times.
Pedestrians have right of way in almost all situations.
Pedestrians have right of way over other users except horseback riders.
Pedestrians have right of way, always.
Pedestrians have the right of way at all crosswalks on campus.
Pedestrians have the right of way at all times.
Pedestrians have the right of way in a crosswalk.
Pedestrians have the right of way in marked crosswalks.
Pedestrians have the right of way on all sidewalks.
Pedestrians have the right of way on all walkways.
Pedestrians have the right of way on sidewalks and in crosswalks.
Pedestrians have the right of way on sidewalks and pedestrian paths.
Pedestrians have the right of way on walkways.
Pedestrians have the right of way over vehicle traffic at all times.
Pedestrians have the right of way when crossing the street.
Pedestrians have the right of way, always.
Pedestrians have the right of way, but jaywalking is illegal.
Pedestrians have the right of way, in, or out, of crosswalks.
Pedestrians have the right of way.
Pedestrians Have the Right of Way.
Pedestrians have to detour to a side street and go up the driveway.
Pedestrians head in all directions during a red light.
Pedestrians heavily travel our campus so be cautious and aware at all times.
Pedestrians hug the buildings or risk getting hit by passing cars.
Pedestrians just stand and eat.
Pedestrians know it.
Pedestrians leave home early, take ten extra minutes to stroll to the office.
Pedestrians listen for cars, and if everything is silent, they cross the street without looking.
Pedestrians Look out for pedestrians, especially in residential areas and town centres.
Pedestrians make an appearance but they are frozen, mannequin-like, along the sidewalk.
Pedestrians make communities better places to live by walking.
Pedestrians move in safety along skyways set above roads for vehicular traffic.
Pedestrians move out of the way at the sound of a bicycle bell.
Pedestrians naturally walk in a straight line.
Pedestrians pass without noticing.
Pedestrians passing by the park can peek in from several spots.
Pedestrians play havoc trying to walk from downtown to the water.
Pedestrians push an activation button to signal their intention to cross.
Pedestrians push their way through a traffic jam in downtown Lagos, Nigeria.
Pedestrians really own the paved streets.
Pedestrians require special identification and prediction in the city.
Pedestrians risk their lives crossing a street.
Pedestrians roll their shirtsleeves up and cabbies roll their windows down.
Pedestrians routinely walk in the road necessitating even greater caution for drivers.
Pedestrians seeking refuge in a center turn lane are unprotected.
Pedestrians share the narrow thoroughfares with cars, trams, and many bicycles.
Pedestrians share the streets with drays, sleighs, wheelbarrows, horses, dogs, and farm animals.
Pedestrians shoudl walk on the left, facing traffic.
Pedestrians sport cellular phones.
Pedestrians squint at the road while crossing.
Pedestrians stay indoors, giving Delhi a ghost-town feel.
Pedestrians Stay to the right side of the trail except when otherwise designated.
Pedestrians still have to exercise sound judgement when crossing a roadway.
Pedestrians still have to exercise sound judgment when crossing a roadway.
Pedestrians stop abruptly.
Pedestrians stop, and police come running, only to find a tiny Australian man letting off steam.
Pedestrians stroll across the bridge.
Pedestrians suffer accidents to legs, ankles and feet despite initiatives to remove the dangers.
Pedestrians take their chances.
Pedestrians take their lives into their own hands every time they cross a street.
Pedestrians try to cross the street.
Pedestrians use sidewalks along cross streets to reach businesses and retail stores.
Pedestrians wait dutifully for a green light before crossing, even if there are no cars in sight.
Pedestrians wait for the walk light before they cross the street.
Pedestrians walk facing traffic because they can step sideways out of the way.
Pedestrians walk facing traffic so they can sidestep off the road if necessary.
Pedestrians walk slowly past bundled up against the wind, the snow, and the cold.
Pedestrians walk where and when they please.
Pedestrians walking along the road now have sidewalks and new bridges across Dueling Creek.
Pedestrians whistle and wave support.
Pedestrian always has the right away with cars.
Pedestrians always have right of way.
Pedestrians always have the right of way in a parking lot.
Pedestrians always have the right of way in any situation.
Pedestrians always have the right of way in crosswalks.
Pedestrians always have the right of way on campus.
Pedestrians always have the right of way on sidewalks and in crosswalks.
Pedestrians always have the right of way.
Pedestrians always manage to jump clear of the wayward driver barreling down the sidewalk.
Pedestrians frequently dart out in front of cars.
Pedestrians often walk in the streets and cross busy roadways with little or no warning.
Pedestrians usually have the right of way.
All pedestrians are able to move about freely and with confidence.
All pedestrians are potential victims.
Many pedestrians seem to wander without purpose, suffering from some affliction.
Many pedestrians try to cross at that point anyway, adding to the slowdown.
Many pedestrians wear masks across their faces.
Pediatric allergists treat disorders of the immune system and, more commonly, childhood allergies.
Pediatric anesthesia involves the anesthetic management of growing and developing children.
Pediatric anesthesia is more clearly a family affair.
Pediatric asthma is a leading cause of hospitalizations, emergency room visits and school absence.
Pediatric asthma is another good example.
Pediatric bones are soft and pliable.
Pediatric cancer is an area of great tragedy and great hope.
Pediatric cancer is the second leading cause of death in Ontario children, after accidents.
Pediatric cancer receives a small fraction of research dollars compared to others.
Pediatric cardiologists diagnose and treat congenital and acquired cardiac diseases in children.
Some pediatric cardiologists see and advise congenital heart patients into adulthood.
Pediatric cardiology is still a relatively new field.
Pediatric care is available at all times.
Pediatric care ranges from routine eye exams to very complex diagnoses.
Pediatric cataracts can also occur in children at the time of birth or shortly after.
Pediatric charts can seem to be the final authority on child and infant development.
Pediatric consultation is recommended for the infant with febrile seizures.
Pediatric dentists are dedicated to the oral health of children from infancy through the teen years.
Pediatric dentists are particularly careful to minimize the exposure of child patients to radiation.
Pediatric dentists are right for a child.
Pediatric dentists are the pediatricians of dentistry.
Pediatric dentists can make a custom fitting mouth guard to help prevent such injuries.
Pediatric dentists focus on dentistry for children and special-needs patients.
Pediatric dentists have an extensive safety record in sedation procedures.
Pediatric dentists like to have a first visit around the child's first birthday.
Pediatric dentists prefer to see children at a very young age.
Pediatric dentists provide all types of dental treatment for young patients.
Pediatric dentists provide care for their specific age group of patients.
Pediatric dentists specialize in preventive and therapeutic care for children.
Pediatric dentists specialize in the needs of children.
Pediatric dentists specialize in treating children from birth through adolescence.
Pediatric dentists specialize in treating children from birth to adolescence.
Pediatric dentists work with children and adolescents.
Some pediatric dentists treat disabled adults of any age.
Pediatric dentistry has spaces for new and returning patients.
Pediatric dentistry includes all services defined in the 'general practice' category, for children.
Pediatric dentistry is a long-term relationship.
Pediatric dentistry is general dentistry for infants, children, and adolescents.
Pediatric dentistry provides comprehensive care for infants and children through adolescence.
Pediatric dermatology is an extensive field of study.
Pediatric endocrinologists are endocrinologists.
Pediatric endocrinologists are pediatricians.
Pediatric endocrinologists treat children with diabetes and growth hormone deficiencies.
Pediatric endocrinologists treat hormonal problems in children.
Many pediatric endocrinologists are growth specialists.
Pediatric ethics emphasizes the principle that children deserve special consideration.
Pediatric experience is highly desirable.
Pediatric experience is preferred.
Pediatric experience is required.
Pediatric facilities vary from hospital to hospital.
Pediatric faculty visit rural areas of Kentucky and organize regional clinics.
Pediatric formulations are available.
Pediatric gastroenterologists specialize in disorders and diseases of the intestinal tract.
Pediatric gastroenterologists specialize in feeding disorders.
Pediatric gynecology is also an area of special interest.
Pediatric hemochromatosis is very real and more and more cases are being identified every day.
Pediatric hospitals have more suitable equipment and training for the specific needs of children.
Pediatric immunization is an example.
Pediatric medicine is an exciting, challenging field.
Pediatric medicine is medicine
Most pediatric medicines are also artificially colored and flavored.
Pediatric needles are often on another floor-as in the nursery.
Pediatric neurologists are doctors with specialezed training in children's neurological disorders.
Pediatric neurologists are doctors with specialized training in children's neurological disorders.
Pediatric neurologists are neurologists.
Pediatric neurologists are pediatricians.
Pediatric neurologists diagnose and treat disorders of the nervous system in children.
Pediatric neurosurgeons have a special and long-standing relationship with their patients.
Pediatric notes contain information specific to infants and children.
Pediatric nurses are hard to come by.
Pediatric nurses are health care professionals who work with infants and children of all ages.
Pediatric nurses care for children in intensive care unit.
Pediatric nurses provide information about children's health, development, behavior and safety.
Pediatric oncologists provide chemotherapy and other nonradiation and nonsurgical treatments.
Pediatric ophthalmologists subspecialize in treating eye disease in children.
Many pediatric ophthalmologists are very good at repairing ptosis in children.
Pediatric ophthalmology prepares for the new millenium.
Many pediatric otolaryngologists have such audiologists on staff.
Pediatric outpatients are usually children with cerebral palsy and developmental delays.
Pediatric pain is still undermanaged.
Pediatric patients can have a parent or guardian at their bedside at all times.
Pediatric patients comprise one-fifth of the patient population.
Pediatric patients lose heat to the environment more readily than adults.
Pediatric patients sleep in a special area designed to make the child feel secure.
Most pediatric patients suffer from cerebral ischemic episodes.
Some pediatric practices have only one waiting area.
Pediatric professionals agree that music can enhance an infant's developing brain.
Pediatric radiologists are in short supply.
Pediatric radiologists know to subtract that effect mentally and get a more accurate diagnosis.
Pediatric ranges are necessary for valid interpretation.
Pediatric reference ranges.
Pediatric researchers say they can barely keep up with the drug industry's demand for new studies.
Pediatric residency provides an in-depth exposure to all areas of the discipline.
Pediatric residents have roughly two days in a specialty clinic.
All pediatric residents rotate through the clinic at least once during their residency.
Every pediatric resident rotates through developmental behavioral pediatrics for one month.
Pediatric rotations are at large facilities designed for the specific care of children.
Pediatric sedation is the subject of growing debate and research in the medical community.
Pediatric sinusitis remains an area in which clinical judgment reigns supreme.
Many pediatric specialists are high-tailing it out of state.
Pediatric specimens are extremely scarce.
Pediatric studies are impossible or highly impractical.
Pediatric surgeons are pediatricians.
Pediatric surgeons are surgeons.
Pediatric surgeons concentrate on the special surgical problems of children.
Pediatric surgeons devote their skills to the surgical care of children.
Pediatric surgeons operate on conditions on the head all the way down to the feet on a daily basis.
Pediatric surgeons perform surgical repair of birth defects as well as other corrective operations.
Pediatric surgeons specialize in the surgical care of children.
Some pediatric surgeons prefer to operate on all inguinal hernias whenever they are diagnosed.
Pediatric surgery is a relatively new medical field.
Pediatric tablets contain one-fourth of the amount of drugs used in the adult tablets.
Pediatric therapists are available for the treatment of children.
Pediatric therapists understand that children communicate and understand differently as they grow.
Pediatric topics have some information in three formats.
Pediatric trauma is preventable.
Most pediatric urologists prefer using the free-hand technique.
Pediatric wheelchairs come in sizes for almost every child.
A pediatrician is a specialist
Pediatrician takes care of children from infancy through adolescence.
Pediatricians achieve their competency through training, experience, and continuing education.
Pediatricians agree that baby slings reduce crying and help to calm colicky babies.
Pediatricians also can see patients at our primary care centers in several suburban locations.
Pediatricians also encourage parents to read to their children at home.
Pediatricians also try to prevent other diseases and injury before they happen .
Pediatricians also try to prevent other diseases and injury before they happen.
Pediatricians are also welcome to visit the clinic and review our educational materials.
Pediatricians are doctors.
Pediatricians are experts in the health of children.
Pediatricians are in a position to recognize abused women in pediatric settings.
Pediatricians are interested in more than just the healthcare of children.
Pediatricians are loath to stop monitoring.
Pediatricians are often ambivalent about transferring the care of their long-standing patients.
Pediatricians are often more paternalistic.
Pediatricians are on standby to address the specific needs of our youngest patients.
Pediatricians are primary care doctors , but only for children .
Pediatricians are primary care doctors, but only for children.
Pediatricians are that group.
Pediatricians are typically family focused, view the patient as dependent.
Pediatricians are worried too.
Pediatricians can aid schools and child care centers in developing disaster plans.
Pediatricians can ask about the mother's health status.
Pediatricians can be primary care doctors or they can be specialists .
Pediatricians can be primary care doctors or they can be specialists.
Pediatricians can have a huge impact on the local level.
Pediatricians can help school nurses by writing a complete order.
Pediatricians can help the dental part of the company identify infants at high risk for caries.
Pediatricians can help young families make wise decisions about family media consumption.
Pediatricians can increase their understanding of tribal cultures in many ways.
Pediatricians can play an important role.
Pediatricians can prescribe a number of advanced antihistamines to help control allergies.
Pediatricians can provide the best guidance for handling the problem.
Pediatricians can use health fairs to focus specifically on children's health issues.
Pediatricians care for and treat children from birth through the teens.
Pediatricians care for children from birth through the teen years.
Pediatricians care for kids because they love kids.
Pediatricians consider rectal readings the gold standard of temperature-taking, even for toddlers.
Pediatricians consider rectal readings the gold standard of temperature-taking.
Pediatricians continue to value the nurse practitioners that work in their offices.
Pediatricians depend on parents for firsthand information when a child is ill.
Pediatricians devote some of their time to educating parents and children about preventing illness.
Pediatricians do more well exams than any other medical specialty.
Pediatricians do very little surgical procedures thus the cost is less.
Pediatricians earn less than other types of physicians.
Pediatricians face the challenge of coping with a scarcity of good evidence based research.
Pediatricians form close bonds with both their patients and their families.
Pediatricians give books to their patients during well child checkups.
Pediatricians have a rare opportunity to help shape healthy, productive lives.
Pediatricians have a special place in communities.
Pediatricians have an obligation to be well informed about the nutritional needs of their patients.
Pediatricians have the source of children's anxiety wrong.
Pediatricians know it.
Pediatricians look for several signs.
Pediatricians nationwide report that alcohol disorders are among their biggest challenges.
Pediatricians note seeing side effects such as headaches and abdominal pain.
Pediatricians offer the same range of care for newborns and children.
Pediatricians provide care for children and adolescents only.
Pediatricians provide specialty care for children with common and uncommon health problems.
Pediatricians receive it free.
Pediatricians recommend that children come in for routine checkups from birth through adolescence.
Pediatricians recommend using a TV guide or newspaper to help with selections.
Pediatricians remain dedicated to the health and well being of all children and adolescents.
Pediatricians review patients' medical histories and examine patients to evaluate their symptoms.
Pediatricians say studies show the kids at daycare centers are most at risk.
Pediatricians say that they are seeing more kids today with toilet training problems.
Pediatricians say the onset of menstruation has steadily decreased in recent decades.
Pediatricians see a lot of school age children with stomachaches.
Pediatricians see many with a bothersome virus known as rotavirus.
Pediatricians specialize in children from birth to teens.
Pediatricians specialize in internal medical care for children.
Pediatricians specialize in providing primary care for children.
Pediatricians specialize in the care of infants, children, and adolescents.
Pediatricians specialize in the care of young people, from newborns to teenagers.
Pediatricians specialize in the health care of newborns to young adults.
Pediatricians specialize in treating newborns, toddlers, children and adolescents.
Pediatricians spend many years in training to treat only children.
Pediatricians suggest limiting checking in youth hockey.
Pediatricians take care of diseases that children get .
Pediatricians take care of diseases that children get.
Pediatricians take the concerns of parents seriously.
Pediatricians tend to hear the same concerns over and over again.
Pediatricians treat many children from birth through teens.
Pediatricians treating poisoned children often have no control over the home environment.
Pediatricians typically have very busy practices.
Pediatricians understand how important a child s health is to parents.
Pediatricians understand the many factors that affect the growth and development of children.
Pediatricians urge hearing tests at birth.
Pediatricians urge kids to get up and get moving too.
Pediatricians use the charts to compare children the same age to one another.
Pediatricians vary in relation to their level of comfort in treating ADHD via medication.
Pediatricians wish for every child a quick diagnosis, an effective treatment and a speedy recovery.
Pediatricians write prescriptions to the parents to read to their children.
Pediatricians frequently are in a position to assist their communities in addressing such issues.
Pediatricians often can determine if youngsters have asthma by a history of symptoms.
Pediatricians often check vision as part of a child s routine physical.
Pediatricians often do the initial diagnostic assessment.
Pediatricians often employ nurse practitioners or physician's assistants.
Pediatricians often pick up mild heart defects during routine examinations.
Pediatricians often use a child's age to predict their height.
All pediatricians see children who complain of stomach aches.
Every pediatrician is aware of the schedules.
Many pediatricians approve of such arrangements.
Many pediatricians now test for lead levels during routine checkups for young children.
Many pediatricians question the serious unknown consequences of a rapid loss of fat.
Many pediatricians recommend yogurt for children suffering from various forms of indigestion.
Many pediatricians still urge parents to follow that advice.
Many pediatricians strongly oppose the use of vision therapy.
Many pediatricians welcome it.
Most pediatricians agree that milk taken by breast feeding mothers can be associated with colic.
Most pediatricians are satisfied with their medical careers, survey results show.
Most pediatricians believe that smoking around an infant or a child is a form of child abuse.
Most pediatricians follow their patients from infancy to adolescence.
Most pediatricians grant such preliminary interviews.
Most pediatricians have a phone hour to answer questions about non-emergency problems.
Most pediatricians know that a child's cholesterol level can swing from one test to the next.
Most pediatricians provide such visits free of charge.
Most pediatricians recommend it as a first food because it is easily tolerated by babies.
Most pediatricians recommend no honey for the first year.
Most pediatricians recommend rice cereal as baby's first food.
Most pediatricians routinely grant such preliminary interviews.
Most pediatricians routinely screen children for eye abnormalities during well-baby examinations.
Most pediatricians suggest introducing a sippy cup as early as five to six months.
Most pediatricians think that the prenatal visit is helpful to themselves and prospective parents.
Most pediatricians try to encourage adolescents to maintain good communication with parents.
Most pediatricians work in private offices, hospitals, and clinics.
Some pediatricians advise parents to wash the diaper area only when feces are present.
Some pediatricians are available for emergencies at night, on weekends, or over a holiday.
Some pediatricians insist that it is the result of gastrointestinal upset.
Some pediatricians recommend a daily iron supplement as a preventive measure.
Some pediatricians recommend thickened feedings to help prevent the baby from spitting up.
Some pediatricians say it's really a personal decision.
Some pediatricians say it's time for a recall.
Some pediatricians say to wait until the baby is six months old.
Some pediatricians suggest decongestants or antihistamines prior to take-off.
Some pediatricians tell parents to take emergencies straight to the emergency room.
Some pediatricians think it is due to an underdeveloped digestive tract.
Some pediatricians think it's because of an underdeveloped digestive tract.
A pedicab is a velocipede
Pedicabs offer a different service than cabs.
Pedicabs provide a pleasant, safe, noiseless, and pollution free form of transportation.
A pedicel is a peduncle
Pedicel is the stalk of the flower.
Pedicels are always longer than the drupelets.
Pedicels are light green in colour sparsely covered with white hairs.
Pedicels are peduncles.
Pedicels are puberulent.
Pedicels erect at anthesis but flowers nodding.
Pedicels erect or declining at anthesis.
Pedicels smooth, or scabrous.
A pediculicide is pesticide
Many pediculicides come with special combs for nit removal.
A pediculosis pubis is infestation
Pediculosis pubis is most common in sexually active adults.
Pediculosis is a skin disease caused by infestation of lice.
Pediculosis is an infestation of head lice on the hair of the head.
Pediculosis is an infestation of the hairy parts of the body or clothing with lice.
Pediculosis is another name for an infestation of head lice.
Pediculosis is infestation
Pediculosis is infestation.
Pediculosis is the infestation of the hairy parts of the body or clothing with lice.
Pediculosis is the medical term used to describe the condition of being infested with lice.
A pedicure is a beauty treatment
A pedicure is attention
Pedicures are also available once a month.
Pedicures are available in a special area of the women' s locker room.
Pedicures are care.
Pedicures are for clients who want to experience an ultimate de-stressing, good grooming service.
Pedicures are great for any athlete, but especially helpful for distance runners.
Pedicures are one of the best ways to get feet in shape for the summer.
Pedicures are the best remedy for tired and worn feet.
Pedicures are therapeutic for the feet.
Pedicures can help take away some of the shame that comes along with baring winter-mangled feet.
Pedigree analyses are uninformative for X-linked vs. autosomal dominant inheritance.
Pedigree analysis can confirm the eye condition.
Pedigree analysis is also useful when studying species with a long genration time.
Pedigree analysis suggests an X-linked inheritance.
Pedigree analysis suggests genetic heterogeneity.
Pedigree analysis supports an autosomal recessive mode of inheritance.
Some pedigree breeds kitten two or three days early, without any problems.
Most pedigree cats are unsuitable for further breeding.
Pedigree charts are a graphical way to represent the ancestry of an individual.
Pedigree charts are also available for each individual.
Pedigree charts are useful for showing each direct line grandparent.
Pedigree charts depict the ancestry of a particular person or animal.
Pedigree is a family tree
Pedigree is ancestry.
Pedigree is breeds.
Pedigree isa social group.
Pedigrees allow geneticists to make reasonable guesses about the mode of inheritance of a trait.
Pedigrees are available online.
Pedigrees are available upon request.
Pedigrees are genetic codes.
Pedigrees are important and are taken as seriously as they are for cats and dogs.
Pedigrees are of value to all segments of the industry.
Pedigrees are often easier to insure.
Pedigrees are used to help detect many different genetic diseases.
Pedigrees are useful for looking at human traits.
Pedigrees can contain one or more inbreeding loops.
Pedigrees can now extend to ten generations.
Pedigrees depict family relationships and indicate which ones have a particular trait.
Pedigrees have to be drawn for reports, papers, textbooks, and slides or overheads for lectures.
Pedigrees usually contain medical information related to a genetic disease.
All pedigrees show all championships, including foreign championships.
Any pedigree is only as good as the integrity of the breeder who registers the pups.
Every pedigree is planned.
Most pedigrees show three to five generations.
Some pedigree includes ancestors.
Some pedigree shows disorder.
Some pedigrees have a tendency to inherit medical conditions such as hip displasia.
Some pedigrees run for many generations, while other references are shorter.
A pediment is a gable
Pediment carries bas relief of an eagle carved in wood.
Pediments appear on all four sides of the building.
Pediments are gables.
Pediments migrate across the landscape.
Pedocal soils are generally very thin.
A pedology is medicine
Pedology is that branch of soil science which concentrates on soil genesis and field relationships.
Pedology is the study of soils.
A pedometer is an instrument
Pedometers are activity meters which are attached to the leg of the cow.
Pedometers are another great fitness gift.
Pedometers are available to measure distance.
Pedometers are inexpensive and can be bought at any sporting goods store.
A pedophile is an offender
Pedophiles access chat rooms and try to gain the trust of the child.
Pedophiles are also very adept at locating troubled or withdrawn children.
Pedophiles are individuals whose sexual orientation is children.
Pedophiles are just a few clicks away from each other, a vast improvement over the past.
Pedophiles are located in families.
Pedophiles are masters of manipulation, experts say.
Pedophiles are pack rats.
Pedophiles are people.
Pedophiles are producers, collectors and traders of child porn.
Pedophiles are prone to prey on innocent children.
Pedophiles are unable to resist the powerful urge to initiate sexual contact with children.
Pedophiles can be pretty good at keeping up appearances.
Pedophiles can be very determined and single minded in their efforts to stay close to children.
Pedophiles can boldly and courageously affirm what they choose.
Pedophiles can use the Internet to exploit others by exchanging names and addresses of children.
Pedophiles come from diverse racial, ethnic and socioeconomic backgrounds.
Pedophiles come from every profession, social and economic level of humanity.
Pedophiles enter children's chat rooms looking for children to be preyed upon.
Pedophiles have sexual fantasies, sexual urges, or sexual behaviors involving children.
Pedophiles know that any confession they make is concealed.
Pedophiles look for children who seem new online.
Pedophiles look for kids that are lonely.
Pedophiles look for kids who are having problems at home.
Pedophiles look for loners.
Pedophiles love the Internet's virtual schoolyard - filled with innocent and na ve children.
Pedophiles lurk in the chat rooms and elicit conversations with unwary children.
Pedophiles prey on children via Internet.
Pedophiles primarily target elementary and middle school children.
Pedophiles roam over Bali.
Pedophiles see no harm in kiddie porn, only because they are blinded by their own lust.
Pedophiles sexually abuse children, cynic.
Pedophiles start early .
Pedophiles tend to be motivated by power, control, and hostility rather than by sexual desire.
Pedophiles tend to fantasize about loving, equal, consensual sexual relationships with children.
Pedophiles tend to go where there are children.
Pedophiles use child pornography to lower the inhibitions of potential victims.
Pedophiles use the Internet to trade child pornography and to contact children.
Pedophiles use varying degrees of persuasion, coercion, and physical force in their sexual assaults.
Pedophiles often accumulate significant quantities of child pornography.
Pedophiles often cruise the Internet in search of lonely, rebellious or merely trusting youngsters.
Pedophiles often get a job in an elementary school.
Pedophiles often have a specific age of child they target.
Pedophiles often pose online as children and are very skillful at lures and tricks.
Pedophiles often pretend that they are children to gain the confidence of real children.
Pedophiles often rely on child pornography to win over their victims.
Pedophiles often stake out playgrounds, looking for children who appear unsupervised or vulnerable.
Pedophiles often use profiles as a means to find victims.
Many pedophiles attach child pornography to e-mails sent to children.
Many pedophiles believe that they like children.
Many pedophiles brag in chat groups about sexual conquests, even trading pictures of victims.
Many pedophiles can justify their actions because they see themselves as being equals to kids.
Many pedophiles go years without even being charged, 'accumulating' a disturbing number of victims.
Many pedophiles seek out mothers of single parent families for the purpose of victimizing children.
Most pedophiles are hetero.
Most pedophiles have a particular gender and a particular age group that they are attracted to.
Most pedophiles have a particular gender and age group that they are attracted to.
Most pedophiles have a preferential age range in addition to a preference for gender.
Some pedophiles even argue that child porn curbs their urges.
Some pedophiles exchange photographs of children they have known.
Pedophilia is paraphilia
All pedophilia is wrong.
Pedriatic rhabdomyosarcomas express the intermediate filament nestin.
A peduncle is growth
Peduncles are growth.
Peduncles are naked or with a few bractlets.
Peduncles are often persistant and re- bloom numerous times.
Peduncles are scapes.
Peduncles are shorter than the leaves.
Pedunculated polyp is growth
Most pedunculated polyps are amenable to electrocautery snare polypectomy.
A pee is urination
Pee can write a copy of the compiled code to a scratch directory.
Pee goes in large quantities.
Pee goes right over the top.
Pee puddles underneath the urinals.
Pees are created by kidneys.
Pees are located in bladders.
Pees are made of waste.
Pees are made of water.
Pees are part of south parks.
Pees have water.
Pees hopes to bolster the team's depth with the group of recruits arriving in the fall.
Peeings are micturition.
A peek is a look
PEEK can convert between dissimilar terminal emulations.
PEEK has a long shelf life and can be reshaped under low pressure.
PEEK is an exciting, week-long, summer day camp for middle school students.
PEEK is free.
PEEK is suitable for most solvents and salts.
Peeks are looks.
Peeks are visual perceptions.
Peeks can be single point peeks, line peeks, or area peeks as large as the whole image.
Peekaboo isa game.
Peel adhesion is a critical test for an adhesive.
Peel board proposes changes to early French immersion.
Peel color begins showing in late summer.
Peel color is bright reddish orange and the peel is easily detached from the fruit at maturity.
Peel color is dark orange when ripe and the peel is easily removed.
Peel color is yellow as is juice color.
Peel police say most of the charges laid locally involved drivers and passengers.
Peel Region is already home to more cars per capita than any other place in Ontario.
Peel Region is one of four regional municipalities in the Greater Toronto Area.
Peel Region is one of the most culturally diverse areas in our country.
Peel stress is concentrated along a thin line at the bond's edge.
Peel testing can determine the frictional force present from the adhesive bond.
Peel testing produces information used in determining the adhesive's durability.
A peel is a rind
Peel introduces first factory legislation.
Peel isa rind.
Peel oranges and add to bean puree.
Peel oranges and cut into slices.
Peel oranges and remove all seeds.
Peel oranges and remove all white membranes.
Peel oranges over a medium bowl to catch juices and cut along sections.
Peel oranges with a vegetable peeler.
Peel pancakes apart.
Peel pears with a vegetables peeler, keeping stems intact.
Peel stars from backing and use hot glue to attach in random pattern on front and back of bag.
Peels are a particularly effective way to reverse premature aging.
Peels are for everybody that is concerned about aging.
Peels are part of edible fruit.
Peels attempted with a roll shot suffer from an effect known as pull .
Peels can cause persistent redness of the skin.
Peels can sometimes cause persistent redness of the skin.
Peels contain pigment.
Peels improve skin texture, dry up active acne, help to reduce razor bumps and fine lines.
Peels minimize fine lines and wrinkles and create even skin tone.
Peels remove the outer layer of skin allowing the collagen and dermis layers to rejuvenate.
Peels surface off roofs.
Peels utilize a variety of acids ranging in strength and depth of penetration.
Most peels contain pigment.
Some peels are part of ananases.
Some peels are part of apples.
Some peels are part of avocados.
Some peels are part of baobabs.
Some peels are part of berries.
Some peels are part of blackberries.
Some peels are part of blueberries.
Some peels are part of cantaloup.
Some peels are part of cantaloupe.
Some peels are part of cherries.
Some peels are part of citruses.
Some peels are part of cucumbers.
Some peels are part of currants.
Some peels are part of figs.
Some peels are part of gooseberries.
Some peels are part of grapefruit.
Some peels are part of grapes.
Some peels are part of kiwi.
Some peels are part of mandarins.
Some peels are part of mangos.
Some peels are part of melons.
Some peels are part of muskmelons.
Some peels are part of papaya.
Some peels are part of peach.
Some peels are part of pears.
Some peels are part of pineapples.
Some peels are part of plums.
Some peels are part of pomegranates.
Some peels are part of raisins.
Some peels are part of strawberries.
Some peels are part of tuna.
Some peels are part of watermelon.
Some peels contain potassium.
Some peels contain sugar.
Some peels have sugar.
Some peels require the application of a second agent.
Peeled apples are the best.
Peeled carrots offer convenience, but they dry out more quickly than unpeeled ones.
Peeled fruits are generally safe.
A peeler is a performer
Peeler also faces no general election opposition.
Peeler is a great codling bait, but are also renowned for being a general estuary bait.
Peeler is a native of Louisville, Kentucky and has a wealth of experience in athletics.
Peeler is well positioned as the corporate candidate with the most financial support.
Peeler isa device.
Peeler places a high premium on constituent service and personal accessibility.
Peeler welcomes donations, whether of money, materials, equipment or other useful items.
Peelers are devices.
Peelers are most frequently from old-growth trees.
Peelers are next to impossible to get with current restrictions and the high price soft crabs.
Peelers are workers.
Peelers are young crabs.
Peelers have (part) sections.
Peeling also improves the texture of less than perfect tomatoes.
Peeling can also occur when alkyd or oil paint is applied over unetched concrete.
Peeling can reduce the amount of fiber in a food.
Peeling can reduce the amount of fiber, so try to eat the peel of apples and pears.
Peeling consists in removing the outer coat by means of a narrow-bladed knife.
Peeling exposes the underlying material.
Peeling is done by the customer as the nuts are eaten.
Peeling is effective in removing most of the affected tissue.
Peeling is much more effective at removing residues than washing.
Peeling is necessary and is usually easier after cooking.
Peeling is often due to poor maitenance of the coated surface.
Peeling is optional as well, but can be done most easily with a vegetable peeler.
Peeling is optional.
Peeling is the flaking away of the stone surface from the substrate in strips or layers.
Peeling is warranted for a specific period of time based upon the paint service selected.
Peeling makes the skin underneath vulnerable to infection.
Peeling occurs because something under the paint film is preventing the finish coats from adhering.
Peeling removes some fibre as it removes the skin.
Peelings fly onto the floor.
Peeling sometimes helps, but valuable nutrients often go down the drain with the skin.
Peeling usually follows several days later.
Peeling usually occurs in about a week.
Some peeling occurs each time malting barley is handled.
Peep eyes are virtually indestructible.
A peep is a cry
Peep are Zippy spin-offs determined to achieve major merchandising clout.
Peep isa sound.
PEEP maintains positive airway pressure.
PEEP only prevents derecruitment.
Peep show journalism with a good conscience.
Peep shows for fools.
Peep shows where a quarter buys two minutes of hardcore.
Peep tries several attempts to move the rock but is unsuccessful and begins to head far up the hill.
Peeps are also great for pranking.
Peeps are available in blue as well as yellow, white,pink and purple.
Peeps are by nature, a very caring snackyfood.
Peeps are candy.
Peeps are glance.
Peeps are insidious.
Peeps are really quite fascinating.
Peeps are the spring peepers, quacks are wood frogs, and long trills are toads.
Peeps are the weapons of subversives.
Peeps come here from all over the world seeking information.
Peeps decorate a purse carried by a drag queen in an Easter-grass skirt.
Peeps drinking martinis and sipping on champagne be feelin' no pain.
Peeps has pep.
Peeps have the following characteristics.
Peeps is plural.
Peeps now occupy their rightful place in society.
Peeps seem to like to be the only bidders.
Peeps Take a gander at our slideshows.
Some peeps get so serious.
A peeper is a spectator
Peeper follows SoniaL to here.
Peeper is a multiple document file viewer with a slick Explorer-like interface.
Peeper is still a skinny little runt.
Peepers are an inch to an inch and a half long.
Peepers are animals.
Peepers are brown, gray or olive.
Peepers are eyes.
Peepers are particularly common in the woodlands adjacent to roadside ponds.
Peepers are pretty much invisible.
Peepers are small tree climbing frogs that live near the river.
Peepers are tiny frogs that start to sing in Spring as soon as the temperature is warm enough.
Peepers come and peepers go With their mostly audial show.
Peepers consist of an array of depressions or wells in a plexiglas plate.
Peepers is a beautiful yellow and gray cockatiel.
Peepers use glucose like antifreeze to protect their cells from damage.
All peepers are had-dock.
All peepers are killifish.
Some peepers are killifish.
A peephole is a hole
Peephole isa artifact.
Peepholes are holes.
Peepholes are portals.
Peepholes automatically maintains the address book.
Peepholes have (part) sections.
Peepholes is a low cost alternative.
Peer critique is ongoing.
Many peer educators plan to pursue careers in the helping professions.
A peer group is generation
Peer groups are a significant socializer for school-age children.
Peer groups are one of the most effective mechanisms for sexual health education.
Peer groups are powerful things and can challenge values and behaviors.
Peer groups are primary motivators in our culture.
Peer groups can have influence, but only by the acquiescence of the individual.
Peer groups develop social skills and behaviors.
Peer groups have enormous influence over kids.
Peer groups help prevent dependence among youth in Federal Republic of Germany.
Peer groups play an important role in all three.
Peer groups provide a certain status independent of one's family.
Peer groups provide an opportunity to practice by doing, to try out different roles.
Peer groups provide the adolescent with a sense of belonging.
Every peer mentor can volunteer to become involved with any or all of the committees.
Much peer pressure is actually positive.
Some peer pressure is in the form of teasing at first.
Peer reviews are a key element in the proposed post-tenure review process.
Peer reviews are an integral practice in the process of experimentation.
Peer reviews are confidential.
Peer reviews are due one week after the first draft is submitted.
Peer reviews are due one week after the memo.
Peer reviews are even part of the academic life.
Peer reviews are key to maintaining the quality and diversity of the conference.
Peer reviews are necessary in order to identify defects early in the software product life cycle.
Peer reviews are part of assignments.
Peer reviews are to be carefully reviewed at the department and college level.
Peer reviews remain confidential.
All peer review is one by email.
Most peer review is done by people with some stake in the outcome.
Peer trainers agree that allowing cadets to run the program has been more affective.
Peer trainers are also available to come into the classrooms and provide activities for students.
Peer trainers serve as mentors and role models, and are paid for their time and involvement.
Peer tutors guide students to learn new skills and recognize their strengths and responsibilities.
All peer tutors are knowledgeable in their chosen fields and have been recommended by faculty.
Most peer tutors are work-study students who have mastered particular subjects.
Some peer tutors work drop-in hours, and others work by appointment.
A peer is a person
PEER conducts both basic and applied research to resolve societal and industry-specific problems.
PEER considers the following options to have potential for increasing reforestation rates.
PEER continues to present and participate in public forums.
Peer edit rough draft.
Peer edit second drafts of persuasive essay.
PEER forms a bridge between speakers and listeners, between subjectivity and science.
Peer grading in a distance education environment can happen in several ways.
Peer teach e.g. background information about the story.
Peer teach the lesson.
Peer tutoring for Native American students is also available in the Longhouse.
Peer tutoring for nonmajor courses and some upper level courses is also available.
Peer tutoring in content areas such as math, science, business, and history is a popular program.
Peer tutoring programs and individualized assistance in all academic areas are available.
Peer tutoring through a club developed web page is planned.
PEER works with and on behalf of public employees to safeguard the nation's natural resources.
Peers advises congregations to improve their programming before reaching out to new members.
Peers also alludes to the greater efforts to encourage temperance in the late Victorian army.
Peers also learn to make enabling responses in a literate community.
Peers also provide an opportunity for an adolescent to have intercourse.
Peers also run alcohol free tailgates and other special events.
Peers are a critical part of the adolescent s transition to independence outside of the family.
Peers are a natural reference point.
Peers are active participants in the First Year Program classes.
Peers are also an excellent resource for ideas on how to adapt games.
Peers are also more than willing to explore alcohol with their friends.
Peers are also part of the evaluation process because they often work together as teams.
Peers are any nobles, other knights, or even trusted companions.
Peers are available to speak in classes, make presentations, or do private counseling at no charge.
Peers are critical of children who engage in cross-gender play.
Peers are critical of the RIP Bill on several grounds.
Peers are especially important.
Peers are important.
Peers are more important.
Peers are more likely to be open and blunt with one another.
Peers are often more accessible and available.
Peers are often more trusted and are already de facto providers of information.
Peers are part of it.
Peers are people.
Peers are powerful entities in terms of influencing an individual behavior.
Peers are role models and support givers.
Peers are second only to autonomy in the adolescent's scheme of things.
Peers are the source of validation or correction.
Peers are very important.
Peers are willing to help the student who has a disability contribute to the class.
Peers become so important and they have to deal with the issue of peer pressure.
Peers become their important focus and approval of the peer group is the major goal.
Peers can aide in helping a couple deal with their loss and grief.
Peers can also aid in promoting or preventing teen pregnancy, via their attitudes and behaviors.
Peers can and do act as positive role models and can demonstrate appropriate social behaviors.
Peers can and do act as positive role models.
Peers can and do demonstrate appropriate social behaviours.
Peers can answer new patients' questions, provide moral support, and teach by example.
Peers can be a deep source of satisfaction, support, and enjoyment.
Peers can be an excellent source of mentorship.
Peers can be brutal in their curiosity and ridicule.
Peers can be very helpful.
Peers can evaluate peers.
Peers can give ongoing moral support to each other.
Peers can give user support to each other using electronic networks.
Peers can have a great deal of power to influence their contemporaries.
Peers can help each other learn while forming life-long friendships.
Peers can influence behavior much more effectively in some situations.
Peers can make a difference by connecting troubled youth to people who can help.
Peers can nominate peers.
Peers can often be very effective in helping young adults deal with problems.
Peers can positively or negatively affect each other s academic performance.
Peers can provide a positive influence on a child's self- esteem.
Peers can provide more than academic support for each other.
Peers can reinforce stereotypes.
Peers can review teaching, advising, theses, and course development.
Peers can sometimes be more effective when it comes to obtaining results from the students.
Peers can strongly influence substance use.
Peers can take turns carrying out actions with a simulated peer.
Peers collaborate to allocate service resources based on enterprise policies.
Peers come from many majors on campus.
Peers communicate with other peers by passing messages in channels through a central router.
Peers continually challenge and support one another.
Peers continue to be exempt from jury service.
Peers cooperate to identify the health information and evaluate intended messages.
Peers determine the degree of creativity.
Peers do a job.
Peers edit each other's group books.
Peers elect council members in their respective job classifications.
Peers evaluate drafts with the help of review questions.
Peers evaluate the content and the presentations.
Peers evaluate their colleagues.
Peers expect general counsels to be effective managers.
Peers give feedback to the individual nurse and rate performance.
Peers have a lot of influence on one's actions.
Peers have a more familiar language and manner of explaining subjects to one another.
Peers have a powerful influence on the achievement motivation of African American students.
Peers have a silver helmet with gold bars turned in profile to the left.
Peers have an own private room in the castle of the clan.
Peers have an undeniable influence on students' decision to become truant.
Peers have two types of ceremonial robes.
Peers help one another to solve problems and increase their technological skills and awareness.
Peers help to stop, control and reduce the harm of using illegal drugs.
Peers inspire stewardship.
Peers know what is going on with other teens long before parents and other authorities.
Peers listen to other peers better than they listen to anyone else.
Peers meet once a week to coordinate exercises and to discuss their work.
Peers Never give up.
Peers Never pick a fight with anyone who buys ink by the barrel.
Peers only remain peers for a year or two in any case.
Peers participate in a walkthrough by an interactive analysis of a specific software design.
Peers perceive they have an equal voice.
Peers play a critical role in transmitting and reinforcing beliefs and information about sexuality.
Peers play a role in promoting school violence.
Peers play a role.
Peers provide an important context for the development of a wide range of social skills.
Peers provide teens with a sounding board during times of confusion or stress.
Peers rate each other according to the following criteria.
Peers receive a different level of respect than authority figures.
Peers reinforce gender-role norms through play and toys.
Peers share content over a link.
Peers share mutual interests and are a source of help and loyalty.
Peers share their survival stories.
Peers socialize one another to drink by modeling, imitating or reinforcing drinking behavior.
Peers socialize with each other in a destabilizing circuit.
Peers spend more money and use more people to accomplish comparable networking loads.
Peers start to be important but adults are still their primary source of support.
Peers teach BSEs to their fellow students.
Peers turn out to be, however, an equally important resource.
Peers use verbal and nonverbal means of approval.
Peers often can be much more critical than the teacher is.
Peers often identify antisocial children as undesirable classmates and playmates.
Peers often influence children to join gangs.
Peers often learn how the knowledge they have can be applied in new situations.
Peers sometimes pressure students with an anti-education attitude.
A peerage is aristocracy
Peerages are nobility.
Peerages are primed networks, through which news travels fast, O Corporate Arrogance.
Most peerages are hereditary, meaning that they pass on from father to son, or to another heir.
Most peerages can descend only in the male line.
Peerless employees take great pride in building their products.
A peewee is a bird
Peewee does, too.
Peewee drives a truck.
Peewee looks really, really stupid.
Peewee talks Jacob into coming out.
PeeWees bowl only two games and pay just for the two games.
Peg lists show up in almost all memory training books.
A peg is a pin
Peg belay in position on lower slab.
Peg contacts the title companies to see if a survey is available.
PEg is greatest at the time it is released and is lowest before the moment it springs back up.
Peg isa pin.
Peg looks excited.
Peg models high standards for quality and expects no less from co-workers.
PEg needs to be released and an explosion takes place.
Peg plays a lot of bridge.
Peg promotes faculty and staff understanding of health, dental, and retirement programs.
Peg responds to the many questions received worldwide regarding the program.
Peg vexes a leg, etc.
Peg winces at the water chill And almost faints with fear.
Pegs accommodate wet jackets, hats, pocketbooks and umbrellas.
Pegs also retract for safety or for maneuvering in tight areas.
PEGs also work best for firms with highly predictable core growth rates.
PEGs are a quick way to compare valuations.
Pegs are holders.
Pegs are markers.
Pegs are optional.
Pegs are part of dinghies.
Pegs are part of stringed instruments.
Pegs are pins.
Pegs are prosthesises.
Pegs are regulators.
Pegs are silver and gold tone metal and store neatly in the board's underside.
Pegs are small devices and can be lost.
Pegs can move along a row, a column, and a diagonal.
Pegs Click on image to enlarge.
Pegs come in a wide variety of styles.
Pegs develop similar symptoms of decay that result in shedding of pods from vines during harvest.
Pegs do wear out and change fit over time, refusing to stay put.
Pegs have (part) bases.
Pegs have (part) sections.
Pegs hold book open.
Pegs hold the bent rail in place, and a wedge is added to achieve the proper curvature.
Pegs obstruct the holes.
PEGs offer members a chance to exchange ideas and problem solve in their area of expertise.
Pegs pegs oral-sex elizabeth lesbianpictures.
Pegs often come in either steel or aluminium.
A pegboard is a surface
Pegboard is on both sides so it can be used with single or double bench.
Pegboard is out.
Pegboards are a simple, cost-effective way to keep tools centralized and organized.
Pegboards are boards.
A pegmatite is an igneous rock
Pegmatite is a very coarse-grained igneous rock made up mostly of feldspar and quartz.
Pegmatite is also the source for many gem-quality precious and semiprecious stones.
Pegmatites are extremely coarse-grained felsic rocks.
Pegmatites are igneous intrusive rocks containing extremely coarse-grained crystals.
Pegmatites are igneous rocks.
Pegmatites are most famous for their large, high quality mineral specimens.
Pegmatites can be from a few inches to hundreds of feet thick.
Pegmatites continue to be the largest source of tantalum.
Some pegmatites contain tourmaline, garnet, or beryl as accessory minerals.
Pegylated proteins have an increased plasma half-life.
Many Pekingese items are also available in other areas of our web site.
A pel is an element
PELs are enforceable.
PELs are regulatory limits on the amount or concentration of a substance in the air.
PELs refer to airborne concentrations of substances and are averaged over an eight-hour day.
PELs refer to airborne concentrations of substances averaged over an eight-hour day.
PELs usually apply only to chemical concentrations in the air.
A pelage is hair
Pelage is generally dark, black to brown or grayish brown, with the lower legs being lighter.
Pelage is long and silky with a dense underfur.
Pelage is tanned blackish-ashy to blond in both sexes.
Pelage varies in color from a brick red to a yellowish red.
Pelagic amphipods are eaten by seabirds, fish and marine mammals.
A pelagic bird is a sea bird
Pelagic birds are numerous and everywhere migrants augment the varied array of residents.
Pelagic cnidarians have nematocysts that eject a tightly coiled venomous thread very rapidly.
Pelagic copepods are undoubtedly a major part of natural larval crustacean diets.
Pelagic division is divided into neritic and three levels of pelagic provinces.
Pelagic fish fly living around drifting objects.
Pelagic fish live in the water column and epibenthic fish live near the bottom of the lake.
Many pelagic fish have reflector plates arranged vertically in the skin.
Pelagic habitats are intrinsically ephemeral, depending on what ocean currents are doing.
All pelagic larvae are subject to heavy predation.
Pelagic organisms have the ability to move around.
Pelagic organisms have the ability to swim around or move in some fashion.
Pelagic organisms live in seas or lakes, far away from the shore or the bottom.
Pelagic sharks are shortfin makos and whale sharks.
Pelagic sightings are also frequent.
Pelagic species cruise the deep waters, lured by the warm, swift current of the Gulf Stream.
Pelagic species live in the water column.
Pelagic trawlers can have fish pumps to empty the codend.
Pelagic trawlers can use fish pumps to empty the cod end .
Pelargonic acid is also most effective when applied on a warm, sunny day.
Pelean eruptions give off pumice and glowing rocks.
A pelecypod is a shellfish
Pelecypods lack jaws and radula.
Most pelecypods feed by filtering organisms from the water.
Peleean eruptions are the most violent.
Peleean eruptions are very explosive and are characterised by pyroclastic flows.
Peleean eruptions begin with the formation of domes and avalanches of glowing lava.
Pelican beaks are long and solid.
Pelican boxes are the answer.
Pelican boxes are watertight, dust proof, rust proof, and camel proof.
Pelican cases are molded plastic containers that seal with an airtight and watertight gasket.
Pelican cases feature a lifetime guarantee.
All Pelican cases are absolutely airtight.
Pelican hatchlings are quite bald with a purple skin tone as they emerge from their eggs.
Pelican Island is a speck of land in Florida's Indian River, on the Atlantic Coast.
Pelican lake creates great opportunities for fishing, canoeing and swimming.
Pelican Lake is full of walleyes, northern pike, perch, bass, sunnies, and lots of crappies.
Pelican Parts can provide all of the parts to do the job right.
Pelican tracks show four toes, with one pointing behind.
A pelican is a sea bird
Pelican isa seabird.
Pelican manufactures the toughest airtight and watertight protective cases on the planet.
Pelicans adapt to niches.
Pelicans adapt to particular niches.
Pelicans also dive impressively into deep waters to capture fish.
Pelicans also have very unique feet.
Pelicans are a very egalitatian bird.
Pelicans are always curious.
Pelicans are among the larger and heavier birds in the world, so they are very impressive in flight.
Pelicans are animals.
Pelicans are back and can be found foraging for fish around any watercourses.
Pelicans are big birds.
Pelicans are birds.
Pelicans are common in the Danube Delta.
Pelicans are damn cool.
Pelicans are famous for their large bill.
Pelicans are found on many of the world's coastlines and also along lakes and rivers.
Pelicans are great examples of birds that fly in slow V-shaped flocks.
Pelicans are gregarious and live in large flocks throughout the year.
Pelicans are highly mobile, searching out suitable areas of water and an adequate supply of food.
Pelicans are huge birds.
Pelicans are in abundance and always ready for a hand-out.
Pelicans are indeed wonderful birds.
Pelicans are known for their large, pouched bills, which they use as fishing nets.
Pelicans are large birds with large pouched bills.
Pelicans are large waterbirds and are commonly seen throughout Florida.
Pelicans are located at coasts.
Pelicans are migratory birds.
Pelicans are seabirds.
Pelicans are service leaders, organizers who give to the society through their sheer effort.
Pelicans are shore birds.
Pelicans are shy, non-synchronised breeders who favour remote, undisturbed sites.
Pelicans are skillful food thieves.
Pelicans are so beautiful and yet so fragile.
Pelicans are social and gregarious.
Pelicans are social, and often forage in groups.
Pelicans are spectacular birds and fun to observe particularly when they're feeding.
Pelicans are strong fliers and often soar on thermals above the rift wall escarpment.
Pelicans are usually visible from the dikes during spring and summer.
Pelicans are waterfowls.
Pelicans breed at their place of birth.
Pelicans breed throughout the year, but individual colonies tend to breed synchronously.
Pelicans build nests of twigs and branches near the water's edge.
Pelicans can fly in whenever they want to.
Pelicans can live to a great age.
Pelicans catch fish.
Pelicans consume about a kilogram of fish each day.
Pelicans crashing into the water for their fresh fish are the norm.
Pelicans cross rivers.
Pelicans dive for food.
Pelicans dive into water.
Pelicans eat catfishes.
Pelicans eat fish.
Pelicans eat food.
Pelicans eat only big fish.
Pelicans eat small surface-schooling fish, primarily anchovy, in the adjacent Bay.
Pelicans emerge from nests.
Pelicans establish sites.
Pelicans feed in water.
Pelicans fly and feed in formation.
Pelicans fly in a V formation.
Pelicans fly in a V-shape formation.
Pelicans fly in groups called flocks, with their long necks bent back over their bodies.
Pelicans fly in ocean sky.
Pelicans fly over bays.
Pelicans fly past, riding waves of air, and people stop and talk.
Pelicans fold necks.
Pelicans glide over the water looking for schools of small fish using their keen eyesight.
Pelicans go to bays.
Pelicans has-part backs.
Pelicans has-part glands.
Pelicans has-part legs.
Pelicans has-part toes.
Pelicans has-part wings.
Pelicans have (part) air sacs.
Pelicans have (part) bird's feet.
Pelicans have (part) brains.
Pelicans have (part) breasts.
Pelicans have (part) cell membranes.
Pelicans have (part) cells.
Pelicans have (part) chest cavities.
Pelicans have (part) chests.
Pelicans have (part) corpi.
Pelicans have (part) cytoplasm.
Pelicans have (part) ears.
Pelicans have (part) faces.
Pelicans have (part) flight feathers.
Pelicans have (part) heads.
Pelicans have (part) lips.
Pelicans have (part) mouths.
Pelicans have (part) nuclei.
Pelicans have (part) plasma membranes.
Pelicans have (part) quill feathers.
Pelicans have (part) rib cages.
Pelicans have (part) second joints.
Pelicans have (part) sections.
Pelicans have (part) skulls.
Pelicans have (part) sterna.
Pelicans have (part) talons.
Pelicans have (part) vacuoles.
Pelicans have (part) wishbones.
Pelicans have a gland to remove excess salt from their bodies.
Pelicans have a huge soft pouch beneath their beaks, which they use to scoop fish.
Pelicans have a long, straight bill with a flexible pouch made of skin on the underside.
Pelicans have a number of fishing methods.
Pelicans have a very extended membranous floor of the mouth which they use to capture fish.
Pelicans have an extensive interramal region that has developed into a pouch-like dip net.
Pelicans have beaks that are long, flat, and straight with a small hook at the end.
Pelicans have beaks.
Pelicans have bills.
Pelicans have enormous, pouched bills.
Pelicans have feet.
Pelicans have huge beaks.
Pelicans have hunger.
Pelicans have pouches.
Pelicans have ranges.
Pelicans have senses.
Pelicans have short legs.
Pelicans have wings.
Pelicans hunt dinner.
Pelicans hunt fish.
Pelicans incubate eggs with their webbed feet.
Pelicans inhabit environments.
Pelicans lift wings.
Pelicans live and nest in what are called colonies or rookeries.
Pelicans live in coasts.
Pelicans live in environments.
Pelicans live in estuaries.
Pelicans live in flocks throughout the year.
Pelicans live in habitats.
Pelicans live in regions.
Pelicans live on lakes.
Pelicans live on or near the sea and eat lots of fish.
Pelicans maintain their population when the colonies are protected.
Pelicans make extraordinary plummeting dives to catch fish.
Pelicans make nests.
Pelicans migrate to regions.
Pelicans nest during reproduction time at the right side of the beach.
Pelicans nest in colonies.
Pelicans nest in mangroves.
Pelicans nest on islands in shallow lakes.
Pelicans possess pouches.
Pelicans require large quantities of food daily.
Pelicans require water.
Pelicans return to nests.
Pelicans return to water.
Pelicans seek water.
Pelicans shake heads.
Pelicans shake wings.
Pelicans sit in trees.
Pelicans stand on feet.
Pelicans stand on stones.
Pelicans take flight.
Pelicans use bills.
Pelicans use feet.
Pelicans use two different ways to feed.
Pelicans wait for fish.
Pelicans wait for meals.
Pelicans wait lazily for just the right moment to scoop up a mouthful of their favorite dish, fish.
All pelicans have bills that are as long or longer than their heads.
Many pelicans fish by swimming in cooperative groups.
Most pelicans adapt to niches.
Most pelicans adapt to particular niches.
Most pelicans are banded before they fledge when they're easier to catch and band.
Most pelicans are located at coasts.
Most pelicans catch fish.
Most pelicans cross rivers.
Most pelicans dive for food.
Most pelicans dive into water.
Most pelicans eat catfishes.
Most pelicans eat fish.
Most pelicans eat food.
Most pelicans emerge from nests.
Most pelicans establish sites.
Most pelicans feed in water.
Most pelicans fly over bays.
Most pelicans fold necks.
Most pelicans go to bays.
Most pelicans has-part backs.
Most pelicans has-part glands.
Most pelicans has-part legs.
Most pelicans has-part toes.
Most pelicans has-part wings.
Most pelicans have beaks.
Most pelicans have bills.
Most pelicans have feet.
Most pelicans have huge beaks.
Most pelicans have hunger.
Most pelicans have pouches.
Most pelicans have ranges.
Most pelicans have senses.
Most pelicans have short legs.
Most pelicans have wings.
Most pelicans inhabit environments.
Most pelicans lift wings.
Most pelicans live in coasts.
Most pelicans live in environments.
Most pelicans live in estuaries.
Most pelicans live in habitats.
Most pelicans live in regions.
Most pelicans live on lakes.
Most pelicans make nests.
Most pelicans migrate to regions.
Most pelicans nest in colonies.
Most pelicans nest in mangroves.
Most pelicans possess pouches.
Most pelicans require water.
Most pelicans return to nests.
Most pelicans return to water.
Most pelicans seek water.
Most pelicans shake heads.
Most pelicans shake wings.
Most pelicans sit in trees.
Most pelicans stand on feet.
Most pelicans stand on stones.
Most pelicans take flight.
Most pelicans use bills.
Most pelicans use feet.
Most pelicans wait for fish.
Most pelicans wait for meals.
Some pelicans are classified as concern.
Some pelicans are member of families.
Some pelicans cross islands.
Some pelicans depend on wetland.
Some pelicans descend from skies.
Some pelicans feed in bays.
Some pelicans gain strength.
Some pelicans give birth to birds.
Some pelicans has-part vertebrae.
Some pelicans have characteristics.
Some pelicans have predators.
Some pelicans have puffins.
Some pelicans have unique characteristics.
Some pelicans inhabit beaches.
Some pelicans live in landscapes.
Some pelicans live in Louisiana.
Some pelicans nest in trees.
Some pelicans rest on banks.
Some pelicans rest on islands.
Some pelicans return to trees.
Some pelicans seek lunch.
Some pelicans sit on crests.
Some pelicans sit on stones.
Some pelicans sit on trees.
Some pelicans wait for food.
Some pelicans wait for prey.
A pelisse is a cape
Pelisses can be without sleeves or with sleeves and vary in length.
Pell grants are also a vital resource for incoming students.
Pell grants are available for eligible students who are enrolled in an eligible program.
Pell grants are awards to help qualified undergraduates pay for their education after high school.
Pell grants are for families of four with one child in college.
Pell grants are outright gifts from the federal government.
Pell grants are scholarships.
Pell grants are the backbone of a financial aid package.
Pell grants provide financial assistance to students who want to attend college.
Pell payments are available to students for two semesters of study a year.
Some pellet foods float for top feeders, while other types sink quickly for the bottom feeders.
Pellet size has effects.
Pellet size has significant effects.
Most pellet size has effects.
Most pellet size has significant effects.
Many pellet stoves have automatic feeders.
A pellet is a missile
Pellet isa shape.
Pellets also are convenient for bird owners.
Pellets also contain feathers and fur of the former critter.
Pellets also reduce tracking, and eliminates the messy clay clumping and litter box cleanup.
Pellets are a good source for minerals.
Pellets are a natural teaching tool.
Pellets are a prepared diet mixed from many different ingredients.
Pellets are advantageous to feed because they require less storage space and be accurately measured.
Pellets are also a good source of nutrients.
Pellets are also available.
Pellets are an ideal blast furnace feed because they are hard and of regular size and shape.
Pellets are available at pool supply or hardware stores.
Pellets are available from on-site vending machines.
Pellets are available in plain and scented varieties.
Pellets are balls of fur and feathers that contain bones and teeth of owl prey.
Pellets are balls of fur that contains bones that the owl eats and spits out.
Pellets are balls.
Pellets are blue and turn pink when near saturation.
Pellets are clean and safe to handle.
Pellets are clean and safe to touch.
Pellets are dark greyish-black and compact.
Pellets are easier to handle as well as weigh than leaf hops.
Pellets are found under trees, in barns or around other owl roosting spots.
Pellets are good food.
Pellets are high in fat, and can lead to larger animals.
Pellets are high in protein and calories.
Pellets are homogenous, every bite has the same mix of nutrients.
Pellets are in turn attached to threads for pellet retrieval in case of aspiration.
Pellets are just as palatable as any other feeds.
Pellets are manufactured, little morsels of bird food.
Pellets are more expensive than firewood.
Pellets are much more uniform than loose hops and are easier to handle.
Pellets are oval or cylindrical, greyish, and compact with many bones, skulls, and teeth.
Pellets are particularly good for old horses that have bad, or no, teeth.
Pellets are prepared from fresh fruits and vegetables and contain vital vitamins and minerals.
Pellets are pre-soaked in the tank water and then given to the fish.
Pellets are probably the easiest form to work with.
Pellets are quite interesting in their density.
Pellets are safe to dissect, and contain no formaldehyde.
Pellets are the best bet for pet and show animals alike.
Pellets are the best complete diet.
Pellets are the best with a mix of fruit and veg daily.
Pellets are the most expensive fuel available.
Pellets are the smaller pieces and lab blocks are the larger chunks of food.
Pellets are tiny, dry and loosely formed.
Pellets are very digestible.
Pellets campfires wood kindling substitute camping for outdoor.
Pellets can also cause horses to choke.
Pellets can be a fraction of the cost of oil and electrial heat.
Pellets can be economical.
Pellets can be more nutritious.
Pellets can contain both hay and grain.
Pellets can ricochet, causing injury or serious damage in background areas.
Pellets consist of the hair and bones that owls regurgitate following a meal.
Pellets contain amorphous silica.
Pellets contain numerous bones, skulls, and teeth, and are held together by fur and mucus.
Pellets contain silica.
Pellets contain vitamins and more protein than seed, so no other supplements are needed.
Pellets dissolve slowly into ground.
Pellets do have a place in rabbit nutrition, as they are rich and balanced in nutrients.
Pellets eliminate danger of drift to desirable vegetation.
Pellets exist for larger fish like goldfish and cichlids.
Pellets expand to form pot and soil all in one.
Pellets give better intake than meal and wetting of feed achieves higher intakes than dry feeding.
Pellets go beyond the reach of liquid treatments.
Pellets gradually break down from rainfall and leach into the soil for root uptake.
Pellets have a place as supplements and in commercial production.
Pellets inhibit eating, so prior to the next meal, owls regurgitate pellets from the gizzard.
Pellets last a long time in dry climates and in the protection of barns or other buildings.
Pellets make a good basis for the betta diet.
Pellets offer more substance than flakes for less effort.
Pellets provide a more balanced diet than that of special chop, mix and blend guessing game diets.
Pellets provide birds with excellent nutrition.
Pellets provide important vitamins and amino acids to boost hatch ability and egg production.
Pellets require virtually no preparation time.
Pellets result in better intake than meal.
Most pellets contain amorphous silica.
Most pellets contain silica.
Some pellets contain bones.
Some pellets contain essential nutrients.
Some pellets contain food.
Some pellets contain hemoglobins.
Some pellets contain nutrients.
Some pellets have pellets.
Some pellets have tendencies.
Some pellets resemble basic rabbit food, while others look and smell like fruity breakfast cereals.
Pelleted diets are available and contain all the necessary ingredients.
Pelleted foods are available, and contain the appropriate nutrients and vitamins.
Pelleted foods are better, and for adults, floating stick foods of various sizes work well.
Pelleted lime is slower to act than powdered lime.
Pelleted seed is available.
Pelleted seed is covered with a soluble coating that makes it easy to handle and space out evenly.
Pelleted seed is easier to sow uniformly.
Pelletized baits tend to provide longer residual than powdered forms.
Pelletized fertilizers are less dusty and easier to use, but more expensive.
Pelletized lime costs a little more but is easier to apply than powder.
Pelletized lime is a rather new lime material.
Pelletized lime is finely ground agricultural lime to which a cementing agent has been added.
Pelletized lime spreads well and is less dusty than conventional pulverized products.
Pelletized sulfur is easy to spread for most people as it can be used in a fertilizer spreader.
A pellicle is an investment
Pellicles are membrane materials that protect the reticle or mask from defects.
Pellicles are specialized and flexible membranes.
A pellitory is a herb
Pellitory is a soothing diuretic used to treat urinary infections and stones.
A pelt is a cover
Pelt is always present.
Pelts are most valuable in winter when the fur is thick to protect animals from cold.
Pelts are organic matter.
Pelts are the skins of animals with the fur attached.
Pelts hang from the wall in the Indian Shop, where tribe members came to trade furs for goods.
Pelts seem just a little stiff in spots though.
Most pelts are made from the hides of yak calves that have died.
Peltier supply works OK for a couple minutes, but then drops down or dies.
Pelvis can show if the organism is four legged or two legged.
Pelvic adhesions are actually scar tissue that forms between two or more internal organs.
Pelvic adhesions can be a serious detrimental quality of life issue.
Pelvic adhesions can cause mechanical kinks in or blocks to the fallopian tubes.
Pelvic adhesions can lead to infertility and reproductive problems.
Pelvic adhesions can often create a significant barrier to fertility.
Pelvic arthropathy causes such pain that movement is limited and the ability to walk is impaired.
Pelvic bones are sclerotic but with normal contours.
Pelvic bones pain on sitting.
Pelvic cancers can spread to the vertebral column and to the brain without spreading to the lung.
Pelvic compression increases pain.
Pelvic congestion is symptomatically and aetiologically similar to 'runner's cramp'.
Some pelvic deformities prevent deliveries.
Pelvic discomfort raises cancerous issue.
Some pelvic diseases lead to infertility.
Pelvic exam can be completely normal.
Pelvic exam is indicated if vaginitis or urethritis suspected.
Pelvic exam reveals blood in the vault and blood from the cervical os.
Pelvic examination detects uterine enlargement compatible with pregnancy.
Pelvic examination is normal, and an abdominal ultrasound reveals no mass lesions.
Pelvic examination provides the initial estimates of size, tenderness, and mobility.
Pelvic examination reveals that cervical motion causes mild left adnexal tenderness.
A pelvic fin is a fin
Pelvic fins are a light yellow, almost transparent, whereas the ventrals are almost black.
Pelvic fins are absent, and the remaining fins are minute.
Pelvic fins are absent.
Pelvic fins are fins.
Pelvic fins are half-moon shaped with narrow membranous flanges.
Pelvic fins are well developed, and rather narrow, with nine to ten fin rays.
Some pelvic fins are supported by skeletons.
Pelvic floor exercise The muscles that form the pelvic floor play a vital role in providing support.
Pelvic floor exercises benefit both types of incontinence.
Pelvic fractures can produce massive bleeding.
Pelvic fractures have a high rate of associated injuries.
Some pelvic fractures require surgical repair, and there are often other complicating factors.
Pelvic ganglia are unusual as they are a mixture of sympathetic and parasympathetic neurons.
A pelvic girdle is a girdle
Pelvic girdle attaches to several postural muscles.
Pelvic infection can also produce scarring inside the tube that prevents passageway of an ovum.
Pelvic infection can cause infertility or ectopic pregnancy.
Pelvic infection is common.
Pelvic infections can cause adhesions, which can result in pain and infertility.
Pelvic infections can cause pelvic adhesions, which can result in pelvic pain and infertility.
Pelvic infections can cause problems with the fallopian tubes that contribute to infertility.
Pelvic limbs are cold and no femoral pulses are palpable.
Pelvic muscles can weaken because of pregnancy, childbirth, and prior pelvic surgery.
Pelvic muscles help stop the flow of urine.
Pelvic pain can be a complex diagnosis for most physicians.
Pelvic pain can be a troublesome but harmless part of ovulation or a sign of serious infection.
Pelvic pain can occur when adhesions are stretched.
Pelvic pain is a common complaint among women.
Pelvic pain is a very frequent complaint to gynaecologists.
Pelvic pain is generally present.
Pelvic pain is the most common symptom.
Pelvic pressure keeps pushing diaphragm down.
Pelvic pressure results from an increase in size of the uterus or from a particular fibroid.
Pelvic problems can masquerade as bladder problems at times.
Pelvic rest is very important.
Pelvic rock is an excellent one for pregnant women.
Pelvic scars can relate to knee, foot and back pain.
Pelvic separation is a very common in pregnancy.
Pelvic shape has a whole lot to do with the baby's journey thru the birth canal.
Pelvic size is highly heritable and is considered along with the heifers weight and age.
Pelvic stabilisation is required to train effectively the lumbar extensor muscles.
Pelvic structure is important for does to kid easily.
Pelvic symmetry seems to be important in preventing scoliosis.
Pelvic thrusts are a standard routine in water aerobics classes for both men and women.
Pelvic tilt increases with age and injury.
Pelvic tilt is often misunderstood Consider the pelvic tilt.
Pelvic tilt makes the right leg functionally shorter than the left leg.
Pelvic tilts improve posture and relieve backache and stiffness.
Pelvic tuberculosis is a fairy common cause of tubal damage in India.
Pelvic ultrasonography can detect pelvic abscesses.
Pelvic ultrasound can reveal additional associated congenital malformations of the uterus or cervix.
Pelvic ultrasound is a clinically useful tool in the evaluation of spontaneous abortion.
Pelvic ultrasound is also reasonable.
Pelvic ultrasound is available at the discretion of the health care provider.
Pelvic ultrasound is much better than routine abdominal scan for evaluating placenta location.
Pelvic ultrasound is the imaging study of choice for initial evaluation of pelvic disease.
Pelvic ultrasound is useful to examine the uterus and adnexal structures.
Pelves are part of endoskeletons.
Pelves consist of bones.
Pelves have (part) bone cells.
Pelves have (part) corpi.
Pelves have (part) ground substances.
Pelves have (part) hip joints.
Pelves have (part) hip sockets.
Pelves have (part) marrow.
Pelves have (part) mast cells.
Pelves have (part) tail bones.
Pelvis isa body part.
Most pelves are part of endoskeletons.
Some pelves collect urine.
Some pelves have holes.
A pelycosaur is a reptile
Pelycosaur isa synapsid.
Pelycosaurs are a paraphyletic group of six primitive families of synapsids.
Pelycosaurs are an important lineage preserved in the fossil record.
Pelycosaurs are synapsid amniotes.
Pelycosaurs have (part) brains.
Pelycosaurs have (part) breasts.
Pelycosaurs have (part) cell membranes.
Pelycosaurs have (part) cells.
Pelycosaurs have (part) chest cavities.
Pelycosaurs have (part) chests.
Pelycosaurs have (part) corpi.
Pelycosaurs have (part) cytoplasm.
Pelycosaurs have (part) ears.
Pelycosaurs have (part) faces.
Pelycosaurs have (part) heads.
Pelycosaurs have (part) nuclei.
Pelycosaurs have (part) pedal extremities.
Pelycosaurs have (part) plasma membranes.
Pelycosaurs have (part) rib cages.
Pelycosaurs have (part) sections.
Pelycosaurs have (part) skulls.
Pelycosaurs have (part) sterna.
Pelycosaurs have (part) vacuoles.
Pelycosaurs have (part) vertebrate feet.
Pelycosaurs have fins.
Pelycosaurs have locomotion.
Pelycosaurs have teeth.
Pelycosaurs share a number of other general skull features.
Most pelycosaurs have fins.
Most pelycosaurs have locomotion.
Most pelycosaurs have teeth.
Some pelycosaurs become mammals.
Some pelycosaurs resemble large lizards.
Some pelycosaurs resemble lizards.
Pemmican products are top quality meat snacks that are low in fat and high in protein.
A pen is an implement
Pen isa implement.
Pen isa structure.
Pens actually draw right on the screen.
Pens are a necessary item that people keep to use every day.
Pens are also carefully hand-polished.
Pens are another matter.
Pens are available alternatives.
Pens are available for dogs, pigs, and ungulates on chronic studies.
Pens are available for livestock.
Pens are available from most greenhouse, agricultural, and forestry supply houses.
Pens are available in green, blue, orange, grey and clear colors.
Pens are available in many styles and with multiple choices.
Pens are available in the studio.
Pens are bent into the shape of an airplane.
Pens are capable of artwork.
Pens are capable of different color.
Pens are communication devices.
Pens are concrete floored with covers in each pen for shade and inclement weather.
Pens are defined as books.
Pens are disposable fiber tip.
Pens are enclosures.
Pens are fluorescent and glow in the dark, while others have different aromas.
Pens are for fetishists.
Pens are great for children because they are safe to use.
Pens are highly appropriate gifts for Japanese colleagues.
Pens are in a variety of woods.
Pens are in excellent quality at very competitive prices.
Pens are located in backpacks.
Pens are located in boxs.
Pens are located in briefcases.
Pens are located in classrooms.
Pens are located in conferences.
Pens are located in desktops.
Pens are located in drawers.
Pens are located in hotels.
Pens are located in offices.
Pens are located in pens.
Pens are located in pockets.
Pens are located in purses.
Pens are located in schools.
Pens are located in shops.
Pens are located in tables.
Pens are made of plastic.
Pens are mightier than soundbites.
Pens are objects.
Pens are objects.
Pens are popular, as are sweets.
Pens are smalls.
Pens are so much better than pencils.
Pens are solids.
Pens are somewhat more expensive than syringes.
Pens are spot cleaned every day and stripped every other day on a rotating basis.
Pens are sticks that write, sort of like chalk but smaller and in darker colors.
Pens are sturdy and reliable.
Pens are swans.
Pens are the most frequently purchased promotional product.
Pens are tools.
Pens are typically barren, overcrowded and poorly lit.
Pens are used for drawing.
Pens are used for write words.
Pens are used for writing.
Pens can also communicate with each other.
Pens can dry out, clog, leak, or get lost.
Pens cause ruts, which makes it harder to follow the pattern when burning the pattern.
Pens contain black ink and yellow highlighter.
Pens contain ink.
Pens fade less than pencil overtime.
Pens fail to work at low temperatures.
Pens fold flat for transport and storage.
Pens hang in the air.
Pens have (part) bases.
Pens have (part) nibs.
Pens have (part) sections.
Pens have barrels.
Pens have black ink, and write smoothly and effortlessly.
Pens have caps.
Pens have clear barrels.
Pens have clear plastic barrels.
Pens have ink cartridges.
Pens have ink inside.
Pens have ink.
Pens have plastic barrels.
Pens Keep plenty of pens handy.
Pens Locate the holding pens conveniently in relation to the rest of the handling facility.
Pens make better writing instruments than they do emergency signaling devices.
Pens make errors difficult to fix.
Pens make it easier for two dogs to play, but harder to get away from one another.
Pens make traditional gifts.
Pens move rapidly across the paper as they take notes, but the students ignore the hovering adults.
Pens never leak onto old uniform shirts.
Pens normally consist of an inner containment net and an outer predator net.
Pens offer more active and accurate interaction between the user and the system.
Pens pulls in under green.
Pens quickly glide across pages.
Pens scratch furiously and people sigh.
Pens scratch on paper, hair falls over pages and lines are crossed out with no mercy.
Pens sleep most of the time.
Pens survive word processors.
Pens use ink.
Pens using converters can also use disposable cartridges.
Pens write in black ink.
Pens write stories.
All pens are available in blue ink only.
All pens are in the barns.
All pens are sharp.
All pens can be laser engraved with a name or other personalization.
All pens come with a silver ballpoint pen.
All pens come with blue ink.
All pens have black ink and are refillable.
All pens have gold plated accents and come in their own two piece gift box.
All pens have photos.
All pens have solid brass barrels and caps.
All pens have water and shelter.
All pens take easy to find refills, please see individual pen pages for refill information.
All pens use standard replacement refills.
More pens allow larger groups to be sorted into smaller, more manageable sized groups.
Most pens are too small or allow the animals little sunlight.
Most pens contain ink.
Most pens depend on gravity to make the ink flow into the ball point.
Most pens have automatic, heated waterers.
Most pens have barrels.
Most pens have clear barrels.
Most pens have clear plastic barrels.
Most pens have metal in the ball tip so they can be picked up easily too.
Most pens have plastic barrels.
Most pens use ink.
Most pens use the 'solid style, which draws a continuous line.
Some pens also work.
Some pens are collapsible so that they can be easily moved or stored.
Some pens are very valuable but, like coins, condition and color mean a lot.
Some pens contain a single dose while others contain multiple doses.
Some pens have behavioral patterns.
Some pens have cyclic patterns.
Some pens have dirt floors.
Some pens have floors.
Some pens have hard points that can physically damage the disc surface by scratching it.
Some pens have patterns.
Some pens offer protection.
Some pens rattle more than others.
Some pens use replaceable cartridges of insulin and other models are disposable.
Penaeid fibers are unusual in that the axon occupies only a part of the interior space.
Penaeid prawns are the first target of selective breeding programs.
All penaeid shrimps have much the same life cycle.
Penal conditions are exemplary.
A penal facility is an institution
Penal facilities have difficulty attracting and maintaining medical personnel.
Penal farms are among the state's largest producers of garden vegetables.
Penal fines are down.
A penal institution is an institution
Penal institutions are no drugfree or sexfree areas.
Some penal institutions require that books to prisoners be sent directly from the publisher.
Penal labour is variable in both respects, in nearly equal degrees.
Penal law makes it a felony to sell drugs in school and within a drug free school zone.
Penal sanctions are primarily to vindicate the law.
Penal statutes are to be strictly construed in favor of the accused.
Penal statutes are to be strictly construed.
All penal statutes are to be construed strictly against the state and in favor of the defendant.
Penalty area is one half of the international basketball key area.
Penalty charges are the late fees that are assessed when Federal loans go past due.
Penalty clauses can serve two purposes.
Penalty goals are worth three points.
Penalty kicks are almost always successful.
Penalty kicks are cruel.
Penalty kicks are decisive moments in football.
Penalty kicks are simply direct free kicks that are taken from the penalty mark.
Penalty kicks are the hardest shots to stop.
Penalty kicks can be a set-up to an easy goal.
Penalty killing is a different story.
Penalty killing is a lot of hard work.
Penalty method is used to set the external load at a specific node.
Penalty minutes are actually lower in two-referee games.
Penalty points are cumulative.
Penalty points is another way to deter noncompliance.
Most penalty shots occur after a player is illegally pulled down to the ice.
A penalty is social control
Penalties accrue over weekends and holidays.
Penalties affect the entire team.
Penalties already exist for disclosure of such information.
Penalties apply for breach of contract.
Penalties apply for breaches of confidentiality.
Penalties apply for breaches.
Penalties apply for changes or cancellation.
Penalties apply for early contract termination.
Penalties apply for early withdrawal from league and for any forfeits during season.
Penalties apply for early withdrawal on CDs and IRAs.
Penalties apply for early withdrawal.
Penalties apply for early withdrawals.
Penalties apply for earlywithdrawl of a certificate.
Penalties apply for failure to meet the agreed load goals, or any other breach of the agreement.
Penalties apply for failure to provide service.
Penalties apply for late submission.
Penalties apply for no-show or last minute cancellations.
Penalties apply for people who breach work conditions.
Penalties apply for withdrawals prior to the maturity date.
Penalties apply if the returns are submitted late.
Penalties apply to employers who fail to take out and maintain insurance.
Penalties apply to late essays.
Penalties apply to late tax returns .
Penalties apply to students who miss more than two classes or a public lecture.
Penalties apply to the commercial driving privileges only.
Penalties apply to violators.
Penalties are a consequential factor that shows the students they are doing something illegal.
Penalties are a major aspect of the original Controlled Substances Act.
Penalties are a potentially large issue.
Penalties are also harsh.
Penalties are also subject to interest charges if they become overdue.
Penalties are also to provide protection for players.
Penalties are among the toughest in the world.
Penalties are consistent with other theft and fraud penalties.
Penalties are costly and take away from profits.
Penalties are cumulative for each and all infractions, and are applied by the following schedule.
Penalties are cumulative from sport to sport and sport season to sport season.
Penalties are cumulative.
Penalties are different in the various states and territories.
Penalties are disadvantage.
Penalties are due immediately.
Penalties are effective for non-compliance.
Penalties are excessive and campus police monitor the parking lots heavily.
Penalties are excessive.
Penalties are handicaps.
Penalties are hard to overcome.
Penalties are harsh and can lead to a life-time imprisonment or even the death penalty.
Penalties are harsher for sale than possession.
Penalties are heavy and are strictly enforced.
Penalties are heavy.
Penalties are high for infringement.
Penalties are in the form of suspensions and fines.
Penalties are more severe for major fouls than minor ones.
Penalties are more severe for second and subsequent convictions.
Penalties are more severe if the court believes cultivation was intended to supply others.
Penalties are more severe now than for many brutal crimes.
Penalties are more stringent for heavier drugs.
Penalties are negative points, they reduce the score of the side that committed the penalty.
Penalties are negotiable, so always try to get penalty charges excused.
Penalties are of three, six and nine yards.
Penalties are often relatively light and the potential for illegal profits is huge.
Penalties are only a temporary stop to the fighting.
Penalties are part of ice hockeys.
Penalties are payments.
Penalties are personal and individual.
Penalties are recoverable as a civil debt.
Penalties are severe and almost everyone's bag is searched at customs.
Penalties are severe in many countries.
Penalties are severe, and are at the discretion of the instructor and the university.
Penalties are severe.
Penalties are similar to existing driving under the influence laws.
Penalties are so easy to score.
Penalties are so weak they are no deterrent to breaking the law.
Penalties are stiff and include triple damages.
Penalties are stiff.
Penalties are stiffer for delivering drug paraphernalia to minors.
Penalties are stiffer for delivery to a minor or delivery to a pregnant woman.
Penalties are stiffer for delivery to a minor.
Penalties are still a concern.
Penalties are strict for possession, use, or trafficking in illegal drugs.
Penalties are swift and severe.
Penalties are the same regardless of the manner of which the offense is proven.
Penalties are to be deposited in the general fund.
Penalties are to be deposited to the general fund.
Penalties are up to seven years in prison.
Penalties are usually financial.
Penalties are very severe, and the rangers keep a close eye out.
Penalties are very severe.
Penalties are virtually non-existent.
Penalties arising from vehicles found in violation are the responsibility of the registered owner's.
Penalties associated with violations of each are subject to change.
Penalties attach for failure to obtain and maintain immigration forms.
Penalties can be as severe as banning from future races.
Penalties can be as severe as expulsion from the university.
Penalties can be heavy for failure to comply with the laws.
Penalties can be misdemeanors or felonies, depending on their severity.
Penalties can be severe and range from monetary fines to imprisonment.
Penalties can be severe, including prison and fines.
Penalties can be severe.
Penalties can be steep.
Penalties can be tough for borrowers who give false information to obtain credit.
Penalties can change with each legislative session.
Penalties can definitely be a problem, but the key issue is to keep working at it and improving.
Penalties can easily exceed the actual tax liability by a factor of two or three.
Penalties can even vary greatly between stroke and match play.
Penalties can go a lot stronger than that.
Penalties can include both fines and prison sentences.
Penalties can include fines and loss of hunting privileges.
Penalties can include fines and reprimands.
Penalties can include fines, imprisonment or loss of licensure.
Penalties can include fines, imprisonment, or both, and a prohibition from driving.
Penalties can include injunctions or monetary damages.
Penalties can include stiff fines, even prison.
Penalties can involve heavy fines, lengthy prison terms, or both.
Penalties can occur on any play.
Penalties can range from a loss of computer privileges to expulsion.
Penalties can range from a lowered grade to expulsion.
Penalties can range from a reprimand to significant suspension or being removed from the register.
Penalties can range from no credit for the assignment to failing the course.
Penalties can range from probation to state prison as well as restitution.
Penalties can range from warnings to expulsion from the site.
Penalties can vary from mild to severe, depending on the circumstances.
Penalties change that calculus and make noncompliance the risk that it ought to be.
Penalties Click here to see the Parking Citation Penalty Schedule.
Penalties concerning a foul ball are the same as golf penalties for hitting a ball out of bounds.
Penalties continue through a shift change.
Penalties cover violations in three basic areas.
Penalties depend upon the type and amount of drug and number of prior drug-related convictions.
Penalties differ depending upon whether the offense is a first, second or subsequent offense.
Penalties differ for qualified and unqualified vehicles.
Penalties do apply.
Penalties Establishes a schedule for administrative fines for violation of the ordinance.
Penalties exist for early and late withdrawal.
Penalties exist for early withdrawal.
Penalties exist under the Act if a person supplies any false or misleading information.
Penalties go from imprisonment to extradition or exile from Europe.
Penalties go to the apple research and protection council abatement revolving fund.
Penalties hurt Miami, which is nothing new.
Penalties hurt our momentum a lot.
Penalties imposed by the court can include life sentences .
Penalties imposed by the court include death and imprisonment.
Penalties imposed by the disciplinary council go as far as lawyers being struck off the list.
Penalties imposed by the instructor can range from an alternate assignment to failure in the course.
Penalties imposed under county ordinances are limited to misdemeanors.
Penalties increase based on the amount and type of drugs involved.
Penalties increase for each additional offense.
Penalties increase for many crimes during wartime.
Penalties increase for retailers and their employees for sales to minors.
Penalties increase in severity with repeat offenses, if occurring within a five year period.
Penalties increase with continued flapping.
Penalties increase with each offense.
Penalties increase with multiple violations.
Penalties levied by the panel can include unlimited fines and expulsion from the profession.
Penalties normally range from one to three times the retail price of each illegal program.
Penalties now are in effect.
Penalties now are pitifully small and infrequent.
Penalties occur when players do more than check an opponent.
Penalties ought to be similar for driving under the influence.
Penalties play a factor for teams in a tied record situation at the end of the day.
Penalties provide information on style of play and can be classified as instrumental or aggressive.
Penalties punish teams by taking away yards that they earned.
Penalties range from a misdemeanor charge to a second-degree felony charge if a weapon is used.
Penalties range from a simple misdemeanor to a felony.
Penalties range from a simple misdemeanor to a serious misdemeanor.
Penalties range from a simple warning up to imprisonment.
Penalties range from a zero on the test or exercise in question to a failing grade for the course.
Penalties range from fines of several hundred dollars to prison terms.
Penalties range from fines to community service.
Penalties range from getting a mark of zero to termination of course.
Penalties range from large fines to prison terms.
Penalties range from limited movement to complete unit dispersal.
Penalties range from limited playing time to dismissal from the program for chronic offenders.
Penalties range from loss of network privileges to jail time and hefty fines.
Penalties range from loss of time by having to redo an assignment to failing a course.
Penalties range from pay deductions to being cut from the program.
Penalties range from probation to suspension or expulsion.
Penalties range from receiving an F for the quiz or test, an F for the course or suspension.
Penalties range from repossesion of materials, to legal prosecution.
Penalties range from reprimand to suspension.
Penalties range from six month to ten years imprisonment, and result in a criminal record.
Penalties range from slashing and cross-checking to the use of an illegal stick.
Penalties range from suspension to fines to the players being sent home.
Penalties range from the minimum of failure in the course to the maximum of expulsion.
Penalties range in seriousness from a significant fine to imprisonment or both.
Penalties range in severity from relatively minor fines to fines of several million dollars.
Penalties range with the amount sold or possessed.
Penalties Recruiting people to participate in a pyramid scheme is a felony in many states.
Penalties reflect size, good faith and history discounts.
Penalties result in service suspension for no-shows.
Penalties result up to and including the individual being barred for life.
Penalties seem survivable now.
Penalties serve purposes.
Penalties There are criminal penalties for false or fraudulent claims.
Penalties There are several ways to accumulate penalty points.
Penalties typically mirror adults, resulting in driving privilege suspension and treatment.
Penalties vary according to such factors as number of previous offenses and blood-alcohol level.
Penalties vary according to the degree of danger and closeness of the cross.
Penalties vary among institutions, and they can be hefty.
Penalties vary based on degree of loss or damages incurred by the victim.
Penalties vary by state, but most are considered misdemeanors.
Penalties vary from lease to lease and are determined at lease inception.
Penalties vary from state to state, but each state has sentencing guidelines.
Penalties vary from subject to subject.
Penalties vary from warnings to loss of funding and organizational status.
Penalties vary widely from state to state.
Penalties vary widely in each state, for growing and selling it is almost always a felony.
Penalties vary with the type of drug.
Penalties vary, but in some cases can result in large fines, restitution, and jail time.
Penalties vary, depending upon the quantity of drugs involved.
Penalty applies after the due date.
Penalty applies for early cancellation.
Penalty applies for early withdrawal.
Penalty applies to convicted person only.
Penalty applies to violation.
Penalty becomes an informal warning or fixed penalty fine but no criminal record.
Penalty depends on drop and amount.
Penalty depends on length and frequency of tardiness.
Penalty is a fine of one marble.
Penalty is a technical foul.
Penalty is also available.
Penalty is assessed against partnership.
Penalty is automatic probation for the remainder of the sport season.
Penalty is calculated from the due date until paid.
Penalty is calculated on the amount withdrawn.
Penalty is charged if the payment is received after the due date.
Penalty is charged on late filing and interest is charged on the amount due.
Penalty is death.
Penalty is debtors' prison.
Penalty is dismissal from the staff.
Penalty is disqualification of all team members.
Penalty is disqualification with no refund.
Penalty is forfeit.
Penalty is full contract amount.
Penalty is given if it's a motorcycle so take one point away.
Penalty is higher for a repeat offense.
Penalty is immediate and permanent bar.
Penalty is immediate dismissal.
Penalty is limited to one nights rental.
Penalty is loss of pit pass and ability to compete.
Penalty is loss of turn.
Penalty is marked wherever the infraction took place and is an automatic first down.
Penalty is more severe than a letter of caution.
Penalty is one finishing position for every infraction.
Penalty is the most recent.
Penalty is up to seven years in prison.
Penalty is waived if reservation is rebooked to different dates.
Penalty isa event.
Penalty remains a class A misdemeanor.
Penalties often involve money, including legal fees if the case goes to court.
Penalties usually range from failure on a particular assignment to failure in the course.
ALL penalties are at the discretion of the game officials.
All penalties are cumulative.
All penalties are in ice hockey.
All penalties are indirect kicks.
All penalties are subject to appeal by the president of the affected institution.
All penalties involve some kind of rejection.
All penalties ought to be proportioned to the nature of the offense.
All penalties result in indirect kicks.
Every penalty is reviewed by the evaluator.
Every penalty needs to be counted.
Most penalties are for committing the sexual acts themselves.
Most penalties are for documentation issues.
Most penalties serve purposes.
Some penalties also carry an automatic game misconduct.
Some penalties apply for canceling reservations.
Some penalties apply to participants.
Some penalties are in effect only for the early years of the loan.
Some penalties are staggering.
Some penalties have benefits.
Some penalties have deterrent effects.
Some penalties have effects.
Some penalties have places.
Some penalties have public benefits.
Some penalties have public safety benefits.
Some penalties only apply to specific returns, for example, late depositing of employment taxes.
Some penalties relate to obligation.
Some penalties result in automatic course failure.
Penance also has rehabilitative benefits.
Penance becomes a force capable of giving life, that is able to burst out free of any impediment.
Penance is a hard thing.
Penance is also a part of Christian stewardship.
Penance is both an act of contrition, and an act of devotion.
Penance is forgiveness of sins to penitent people, by a priest.
Penance is gratitude for our pardon.
Penance is humanly painful, but after all penance, there is a great joy.
Penance is kind of like physical therapy, or like training.
Penance is necessary for salvation.
Penance is of little use till what is lost is found.
Penance is punishment.
Penance is remorse
Penance is sacrament.
Penance is said to effect forgiveness of post-baptismal sins.
Penance is simply another word for punishment.
Penance is something different.
Penance is the forgiveness of sins to penitent people, by a priest.
Penance is the giving up of desires.
Penance is the set of prayers one has to say to atone for the sins.
Penance is the wall around chastity and the citadel of sanctity.
Penance is to restore our spiritual life.
Penance leads to both, stoppage and shedding of karma.
Penance plays a real part in getting spiritually balanced.
Penance takes many forms in Christian life, and is a process of conversion and repentance.
Penance thus becomes a sharing with the marginalized and the needy.
Penances are of many kinds.
Pencil erasers are part of pencils.
Most pencil erasers are part of pencils.
Pencil graphite can contaminate the read-write heads in the machine.
Pencil graphite is black.
Pencil lead can be fatal if eaten.
Pencil lead is a mixture of graphite and clay.
Pencil lead is attached to a removable metal surface.
Pencil lead is consumable products.
Pencil lead is graphite
Pencil lead is graphite.
Pencil lead is made up of graphite, which is closely packed carbon atoms.
Pencil lead works like a lubricant for keys that stick in locks.
A pencil sharpener is a sharpener
Pencil sharpener is on the small table on the opposite side of the reference desk.
Pencil sharpeners can be a popular and necessary item.
Pencil sketches are available.
A pencil is an implement
Pencil contain to no account while approach men sweater vests.
Pencil contain to no account while approach short dresses.
Pencil contain to no account while approach womens sportswear.
Pencil corrections to the manuscript appear to be stage directions.
Pencil drawings Some examples of pencil drawings.
Pencil earn with a garden until taken discount head tennis.
Pencil earn with a garden until taken hogan golf bag.
Pencil earn with a garden until taken san antonio spurs clothing.
Pencil foot the credit and credit columns.
Pencil indicates match of traced lines on board and of the blueprint after flipping for second half.
Pencil isa implement.
Pencil making needs the knowledge and cooperation of countless people from around the world.
Pencil markings on inside of front cover.
Pencil marks on a few pages, although contents are generally clean.
Pencil marks on cover.
Pencil marks on list of author's other published works.
Pencil marks on the title page.
Pencil marks on the toes are acceptable.
Pencil marks throughout.
Pencil marks to fore -edge.
Pencil marks to inner flaps of dustjacket.
Pencil mens down vest.
Pencil notes all over the margins and inside the covers.
Pencil notes in margins.
Pencil notes on back.
Pencil notes on end papers.
Pencil notes to fepp, marginal pencil notes throughout.
Pencil offer Niece through rear beneath an radiant floor heat either hoping down the noon.
Pencil sketch first and then use the colors.
Pencil sketch, however, is unstuck.
Pencil sketch, ink copy.
Pencil sketch, line art in ink.
Pencil sketches fit the tone.
Pencil sketches in the last part of the volume include two of Baltimore scenes.
Pencil sketches of local boats and figures.
Pencil sketches of local boats and occasional landscape in watercolour.
Pencil sketches through production designs.
Pencil sketches, etchings.
Pencil sketches, n. d.
Pencil works on all image types and drawables.
Pencils also work well as spindles too.
Pencils are also good giveaways for children.
Pencils are available almost everywhere, in large variety, for a trifle.
Pencils are available at the circulation desk.
Pencils are available at the desk and on the tables.
Pencils are available at the receptionist's desk near the museum entrance.
Pencils are available at the registration desk.
Pencils are available at the tables.
Pencils are available if needed.
Pencils are available on request.
Pencils are availalbe upon request.
Pencils are better than pens most of the time.
Pencils are commonly round, hexagonal , or sometimes triangular in section.
Pencils are constant reminders about the dangers of shaking a baby.
Pencils are cosmetics.
Pencils are figures.
Pencils are graphite.
Pencils are industrial equipment.
Pencils are located in backpacks.
Pencils are located in cabinets.
Pencils are located in classrooms.
Pencils are located in cups.
Pencils are located in desktops.
Pencils are located in drawers.
Pencils are located in meetings.
Pencils are located in offices.
Pencils are located in pockets.
Pencils are located in shelfs.
Pencils are located in stores.
Pencils are located in universities.
Pencils are made of wood.
Pencils are normally bulk packaged but other methods are also possible.
Pencils are nothing but status symbols.
Pencils are orangey-yellow.
Pencils are preferrable because errors can be corrected more easily.
Pencils are reliable and cheap.
Pencils are round, wooden, and come in various colors.
Pencils are sharpened, notebooks are empty and school shoes are still shiny.
Pencils are still better and faster at exploring ideas.
Pencils are the preferred writing medium.
Pencils are to be sharpened before the bell rings.
Pencils are to be used at all times.
Pencils are to be used exclusively.
Pencils are to be used for notes to safeguard original material.
Pencils are used for breaking.
Pencils are used for doodlings.
Pencils are used for scribblings.
Pencils are used for writing.
Pencils brandished like swords, they fight a spontaneous art-versus science dual.
Pencils can range in their hardness, which is related to proportion of graphite to clay in the lead.
Pencils feature excellent solubility and lightfastness.
Pencils have (part) pencil erasers.
Pencils have (part) rubber erasers.
Pencils have (part) sections.
Pencils have a extraordinary connection with literature.
Pencils have erasers.
Pencils have good soft pink erasers.
Pencils have lead.
Pencils have properties.
Pencils have tendencies.
Pencils is led to an Hawaiian base, international drug-ring, and prostitution.
Pencils Learn how other teachers help take the stress out of standardized tests.
Pencils mar photos by leaving indentations on the images.
Pencils only are to be used for note taking.
Pencils only are to be used.
Pencils roll off the desks but that is a minor inconvenience.
Pencils Select the black line master listed on the left.
Pencils tend to have puny little erasers.
Pencils tend to smear on the page over and is less permanent than pen.
Pencils vary from light to dark.
Pencils work good too but both crayons and pencils take a little practice.
All pencils are a quarter.
Most pencils have six sides.
Most pencils have tendencies.
Some pencil marks inside.
Some pencil marks on ffep, and a small tear at very bottom.
Some pencil notes in back.
Some pencil notes in margins.
Some pencil notes on front endpaper.
Some pencil notes on rear end pages.
Some pencil sketches on blanks.
Some pencils have properties.
Some pencils have students.
Pendant control is easily accessible to lift truck operator.
Pendant fixtures provide both direct and indirect lighting for the secretarial suites.
Pendant lights come in bright colors, classy neutrals and brushed metal finishes.
Pendant loop is hidden behind hair.
Pendant loop is sculptured arrowhead.
Pendant pulls are teardrop-shaped, usually hollowed in back.
A pendant is adornment
Pendant calls one of three groups.
Pendant includes chain.
Pendant is a faceted snowflake shaped crystal.
Pendant is approx.
Pendant is approximately one inch wide by one inch long, and comes on a silk cord.
Pendant is heavy and weighs done chain nicely.
Pendant is made of light weight acrylic.
Pendant is silver, filled with a single rose, the tip of the pendant is fine gold.
Pendants also come with a complimentary gift box as shown above.
Pendants are a perfect gift for any sports enthusiast.
Pendants are adornment.
Pendants are also an excellent way to utilize aromatherapy oils.
Pendants are approx.
Pendants are available in a variety of metals to suit individual needs.
Pendants are jewelry.
Pendants are just larger earrings, generally, even when they're wrapped around a stone of some sort.
Pendants are part of necklaces.
Pendants are round, oval or octagonal.
Pendants are the perfect accessory to a beautiful chain.
Pendants are waterproof.
Pendants can be in various shapes, such as hearts, bottles, saber teeth and chili peppers.
Pendants can come in various shapes such as hearts, bottles, balls, saber teeth, and chili peppers.
Pendants come with a satin cord necklace, the bolas with a color matched cord.
Pendants Here are our beautiful pendants, meticulously hand crafted to perfection.
Pendants range from a simple military insignia hanging from a chain to dogtags and anchors.
Pendants See Pendants.
All pendants are available on either a satiny black cord, grass green or rich wine red cord.
All pendants are available with or without a chain.
All pendants carry a no questions, money back guarantee.
All pendants come in gift boxes with descriptive cards and nylon cords.
All pendants come on cloth cord with informative booklet explaining each piece.
All pendants come with a black silk cord.
All pendants come with a silk cord.
All pendants come with satin cord and description card.
A pendent is adornment
Pendent bracts of red bleeding into yellow lip and green tip.
Most pendula have energy.
Most pendula have kinetic energy.
Most pendula have thermal energy.
Pendular migrations are on the rise.
Pendulous catkins offer interest in early spring.
Pendulous fat is undesirable.
Pendulous flowers face down as if to peer down at the observer.
A pendulum clock is a clock
Pendulum clocks are clocks.
Pendulum clocks stop, start, change rate.
Pendulum clocks stop, start, or change rate.
A pendulum is apparatus
Pendula have (part) sections.
Pendula have energy.
Pendula have kinetic energy.
Pendula have thermal energy.
Pendulum adjusts to make the clock run faster or slower.
Pendulum dowsing is an excellent way of speaking directly with our intuition.
Pendulum is an old replacement.
Pendulum is for everyone and anyone who is interested.
Pendulum is labeled for weed control in field-grown ornamentals.
Pendulum isa apparatus.
Pendulum isa setup.
Pendulums are also a great practice that anyone can utilize.
Pendulums are ancient tools for divination.
Pendulums are apparatus.
Pendulums are but one of many ways to practice dowsing techniques.
Pendulums are one of the oldest and most popular forms of dowsing.
Pendulums are useful because they can accurately measure time.
Pendulums are useful because they have an extremely interesting property.
Pendulums Below are four simple planar pendulum systems.
Pendulums can even be helpful in narrowing choices down.
Pendulums can start through a bit of turbulence and can then be amplified by the pilot's reactions.
Pendulums nearly return to their release heights, however, all pendulums eventually come to rest.
Pendulums nearly return to their release heights.
Pendulums swing both ways.
Pendulums always swing.
All pendulums eventually come to rest with the lighter ones coming to rest faster.
Any pendulum consists of a cable or wire or string and a bob.
A peneplain is a field
Peneplains are extensive plains of the past.
Penetrant dyes come in either a visible red dye or a fluorescent dye.
Penetrant materials come in two basic types.
Penetrant testing is portable, inexpensive and relatively quick to perform.
Penetration aids are of increasing importance to countries operating ballistic missiles.
Penetration depth is adjustable.
Penetration depth varies linearly with temperature for low temperature region.
Penetration diving is possible but there are many bolts and planks strewn about to catch on.
Penetration rates are lower and dissatisfaction rates are very high.
Penetration rates exclude business premises.
Penetration rates remain low, which contributes to smaller deal size and sales growth.
Penetration rates vary also.
Penetration test is a controlled and managed simulation of an actual system intrusion.
Penetration tests are a great tool for determining the current security posture of an organization.
Penetration tests are ideal for testing detection and response capabilities.
Penetration testing can be a valuable tool in any organization's information security program.
Penetration testing can identify vulnerabilities or verify a consistent security profile.
Penetration testing is a big one.
Penetration testing is a live test of the security defenses of a network.
Penetration testing is a valuable testing, auditing and evaluation tool.
Penetration testing provides the best 'real world' picture of a site's security.
Penetration testing provides vital data when evaluating and assessing system security.
A penetration is an attack
Penetration can be difficult without a lubricant.
Penetration can occur rapidly though, sometimes in under a minute.
Penetration can result from imperfections in the design or construction of the protective apparel.
Penetration continues to the cambium and stops.
Penetration gives indication of a reversal of the price trend.
Penetration implies that gases or liquids pass through seams or holes, etc.
Penetration is a bit more difficult to predict.
Penetration is a synonym.
Penetration is achieved by running with the ball past opponents - dribbling.
Penetration is also extremely similar.
Penetration is entry into an orifice with or without tissue injury.
Penetration is excellent and it can be used on other acrylics.
Penetration is highest in the East Anglia, Southern England, and London.
Penetration is low - but the good news is that there are a lot of sales yet to come.
Penetration is low.
Penetration is more than in any other medium.
Penetration is no problem as the point is both strong and keen.
Penetration is often to the down side.
Penetration is on a slow road both in the United States and worldwide.
Penetration is one of the hardest things to defend.
Penetration is particularly tricky, thanks to narrow, silt-clogged passageways.
Penetration is poor in healthy individuals.
Penetration is poor.
Penetration is possible through the wheelhouse and some interior passages.
Penetration is possible.
Penetration is quite a challenge at times.
Penetration is sufficient to color underside.
Penetration is the toughest thing.
Penetration is through the stomata.
Penetration is understood to include any orifice or opening in the body.
Penetration is understood to include intrusion into any orifice or opening of the body.
Penetration is up.
Penetration is what causes spires of grass to rise up as the foot moves off the grass.
Penetration is when pesticides pass through spaces between the fibers or holes in the material.
Penetration is when the sperm and egg meet and the sperm makes it way into the egg cytoplasm.
Penetration isa activity.
Penetration leads to pain.
Penetration nakedpics the actions can be penetration is hotblondes.
Penetration occurs through the open lenticles.
Penetration poses enormous challenges with respect to security and lack of a proper banking system.
Penetration provides an indication of the overall size of the Hispanic buyer group.
Penetration requires at least a low light intensity.
Penetration takes a strong and continuous marketing campaign to create awareness and generate sales.
Penetrations affect ability.
Penetrations are ability.
Penetrations are attacks.
Penetrations are depth.
Penetrations are entrances.
Penetrations are perceptions.
Penetrations are physical events.
Penetrations are sexual intercourse.
Every penetration makes a difference.
More penetration means more marketing which means more sales.
Most penetration fails because the offensive player takes too small a penetration step.
Most penetrations affect ability.
Some penetration is necessary for an interior stain to be effective.
Some penetrations cause drought.
Some penetrations contribute to primary production.
Some penetrations contribute to production.
Some penetrations contribute to total primary production.
Some penetrations contribute to total production.
Some penetrations decrease productivity.
Some penetrations indicate infection.
Some penetrations involve organs.
Some penetrations involve sex organs.
Some penetrations lead to death.
Some penetrations lead to fire.
Some penetrations prevent photosynthesis.
Some penetrations result in death.
Some penetrations show benefits.
Penfield library is visible in the left foreground.
Pengo isa unit.
Penguin books publishes The Essays .
Penguin feathers create surfaces.
Penguin suit is developed as an anti- g suit in Russia.
A penguin is a sea bird
Penguin also loves it.
Penguin guides to LPs, compact discs and cassettes.
Penguin isa seabird.
Penguin learns tamil series completed.
Penguin provide three-week placements in alternating departments.
Penguins adapt to habitats.
Penguins also are vulnerable to climate variations.
Penguins also eat cuttle fish, crustaceans, and other small sea animals .
Penguins also have a black and white color combination.
Penguins also have a further insulating layer of fat just under the skin.
Penguins also have counter shading.
Penguins also have short stiff wings that act like paddles.
Penguins also ingest oil, which is fatal.
Penguins also moult in a disorganised way.
Penguins appear awkward out of the water, but they can walk about as fast as a human being.
Penguins appear in islands.
Penguins appear off the starboard bow, leaping out of the water like tiny porpoises.
Penguins are a favorite food of polar bears.
Penguins are a favorite topic of students.
Penguins are a highly threatened group.
Penguins are a type of birds.
Penguins are able to keep warm because their feathers and layers of blubber provide good insulation.
Penguins are also a species that mates for life.
Penguins are also able to swim in different ways while they hold their breath.
Penguins are also more or less without aggression.
Penguins are amongst the most sensitive of birds to marine oil pollution.
Penguins are an impressive final act.
Penguins are animals.
Penguins are aquatic, flightless birds that are highly adapted to life in the water.
Penguins are birds that live in the water and on land.
Penguins are birds, and they obviously came from birds.
Penguins are birds.
Penguins are birds.
Penguins are black and white.
Penguins are carnivores and mostly eat krill, a tiny shrimp-like animal, and other fish.
Penguins are certainly cute to look at and they are a fascinating little creature to observe.
Penguins are cool.
Penguins are curious about their world.
Penguins are dumb.
Penguins are especially at risk as are the sea lions because their hair attracts the oil.
Penguins are evolved from ancestors.
Penguins are excellent swimmers.
Penguins are fascinating birds.
Penguins are flightless aquatic birds widely distributed in the Southern Hemisphere.
Penguins are flightless birds, but they have amazing mobility in the water.
Penguins are flightless birds.
Penguins are flightless sea birds of the Southern Hemisphere.
Penguins are flightless sea birds.
Penguins are found in the Antarctic regions but are never seen in the Arctic.
Penguins are found on every continent in the Southern Hemisphere.
Penguins are fun to watch.
Penguins are fun.
Penguins are gifted swimmers, using their wings as paddles.
Penguins are good swimmers, and in some cultures the stork is seen as a bearer of good news.
Penguins are gregarious birds and are found in flocks even at sea.
Penguins are gregarious in the extreme.
Penguins are gregarious, which means they like to live in community flocks or groups.
Penguins are hearty harbingers of global and local environmental change.
Penguins are just about the best possible mascot.
Penguins are known for seeing both sides of an issue and make ideal journalist.
Penguins are largely dependent on the sea creatures underneath water while swimming.
Penguins are living systems, like all other birds.
Penguins are located in Antarctica.
Penguins are located in coasts.
Penguins are located in zoos.
Penguins are member of families.
Penguins are more suited to life in the ocean than on land.
Penguins are native to Antarctica.
Penguins are native to the southern hemisphere.
Penguins are nifty.
Penguins are no different from other organisms.
Penguins are one of the animals that live there.
Penguins are one of the most well-known animals in the world.
Penguins are one of the oldest groups of birds.
Penguins are only a portion of their diet.
Penguins are perfectly adaptable for their life in water.
Penguins are popular at zoos, and the king penguin is the most popular penguin of all.
Penguins are quite selective when it comes to their mate.
Penguins are really fast swimmers.
Penguins are seabirds and live in the South Pole and the Arctic.
Penguins are seabirds.
Penguins are seen standing in the ice.
Penguins are slow on land because they waddle their feet instead of walking .
Penguins are slow on land because they waddle their feet instead of walking.
Penguins are so cool that they have become the stars of many television commercials.
Penguins are sociable animals and live and play together.
Penguins are social birds.
Penguins are socials.
Penguins are some of the most highly adapted, specialized birds in the world.
Penguins are specialized marine birds adapted to living at sea.
Penguins are superb swimmers and divers.
Penguins are the animals most people think of when they think of Antarctica.
Penguins are the birds who gave up flying in the sky.
Penguins are the major avian top-predators in the southern oceans.
Penguins are the most common birds in Antarctica.
Penguins are the most ethical living thing on the earth.
Penguins are the most highly specialized of all birds for marine life.
Penguins are the only bird that can leap into the air like porpoises.
Penguins are the only birds that migrate by swimming.
Penguins are the perfect harmless critter.
Penguins are the really ideal example of monogamy.
Penguins are too short and too round to climb anything more steep than a handicap ramp.
Penguins are torpedo-shaped, flightless birds that live in the southern regions of the Earth.
Penguins are unique in that they are more completely covered in feathers than almost any other bird.
Penguins are very cute.
Penguins are very docile and confident.
Penguins are very good at swimming.
Penguins are very interesting animals.
Penguins are very rare.
Penguins are very social and live in colonies of sometimes millions of penguins.
Penguins are warm blooded.
Penguins are waterfowls.
Penguins are weapons.
Penguins breed in colonies and can be fiercely territorial.
Penguins breed in large colonies, or rookeries.
Penguins breed on the ice in large groups called rookeries.
Penguins call to each other, especially at night.
Penguins can also see into the ultraviolet range of the electromagnetic spectrum.
Penguins can develop foot problems from walking on the wrong kind of surfaces.
Penguins can jump as high as six feet in the air.
Penguins can jump six feet in the air.
Penguins can leap clear out of the water when swimming.
Penguins can navigate across long distances.
Penguins can run as fast as most men, and swim faster than most fish.
Penguins can slide on their bellies.
Penguins can swim and dive.
Penguins can swim faster than most people can run.
Penguins can swim, and that is way better than any other bird that flies besides hawks.
Penguins can walk or waddle very fast on land.
Penguins carry eggs.
Penguins catch food.
Penguins come from birds.
Penguins come to surface of the water to breathe, and move on to the land to lay their eggs.
Penguins confine their flying to under water.
Penguins cross habitats.
Penguins crowd around and they push someone in the water.
Penguins crowd up to see if the water is safe.
Penguins dash across an ice floe near Antarctica.
Penguins develop antibodies.
Penguins develop features.
Penguins display undersides.
Penguins dive deep for their food.
Penguins dive hundreds of times a day.
Penguins dive under water to catch fish, which is their diet.
Penguins dive underwater to grab the seafood with their long, pointy bills.
Penguins drink sea water.
Penguins drink water.
Penguins eat a variety fish and squid.
Penguins eat a variety fish, squid and krill.
Penguins eat fish and crustaceans.
Penguins eat fish when they are hungry.
Penguins eat fish, squid and shrimp.
Penguins eat fish, squid, and crustaceans, which include crabs and shrimp.
Penguins eat fish, squid.
Penguins eat fish.
Penguins eat fish.
Penguins eat food.
Penguins eat from their moms.
Penguins eat in the ocean.
Penguins eat krill , fish , squid , and other small animals from the ocean , which they catch .
Penguins eat krill and fish.
Penguins eat krill, fish and squid.
Penguins eat krill, fish, squid, and other small animals from the ocean, which they catch.
Penguins eat krill.
Penguins eat mostly squids, fish, and krill.
Penguins eat seafood.
Penguins eat small fish.
Penguins eat squid and shrimp and other little fish.
Penguins eat squid, fish, and krill.
Penguins eat squid, fish, krill, and other sea animals.
Penguins eat squid, octopus, fish and krill.
Penguins enter oceans.
Penguins enter sea.
Penguins excel at underwater diving.
Penguins exploit communication theory to get their message across in the windy Antarctic wastes.
Penguins fall on their backs watching airplanes fly over.
Penguins fall prey to leopard seals, sea lions, and killer whales.
Penguins feed at sea.
Penguins feed babies.
Penguins feed off of small sea life forms, including fish, crustaceans, and cuttlefish.
Penguins feed on a variety of fish, squid, and krill.
Penguins feed on fish, cuttlefish, crustaceans, and other small sea animals.
Penguins feed on fish.
Penguins feed on krill and fish.
Penguins feed on krill.
Penguins feed on small fish.
Penguins feed on squid, fish, and crustaceans.
Penguins feed on squid, shellfish, and fish.
Penguins feed their babies regurgitated squid, fish, shrimp, and krill.
Penguins find mates.
Penguins flap flippers.
Penguins float in water.
Penguins fly out of the water to draw breath.
Penguins fly underwater and bray like donkeys in their naturalistic outdoor exhibit.
Penguins follow penguins.
Penguins forage for food.
Penguins form monogamous pairs and breed in dense colonies.
Penguins form social groups to provide protection from other animals.
Penguins form strong bonds with their mates and often breed with the same partners for life.
Penguins gather in large colonies called rookeries in order to reproduce.
Penguins gather into large colonies to breed.
Penguins gather oil from a preening gland located in the rump, from where the tail originates.
Penguins gather oil from a preening gland located on the rump, from where the tail originates.
Penguins get all of their food from the ocean.
Penguins get food and feed their babies.
Penguins get food.
Penguins get their food by diving into the ocean and chasing after their food .
Penguins get their food by diving into the ocean and chasing after their food.
Penguins give birth to penguins.
Penguins go back to the same places for breeding year after year.
Penguins go parading On a wintry stroll.
Penguins go through annual fasting periods.
Penguins go to environments.
Penguins go to oceans.
Penguins go to sea.
Penguins go to water.
Penguins grow feathers.
Penguins has-part backs.
Penguins has-part bellies.
Penguins has-part bones.
Penguins has-part eyes.
Penguins has-part flippers.
Penguins has-part glands.
Penguins has-part skeletons.
Penguins has-part tongues.
Penguins has-part wings.
Penguins have (part) air sacs.
Penguins have (part) bird's feet.
Penguins have (part) brains.
Penguins have (part) breasts.
Penguins have (part) cell membranes.
Penguins have (part) cells.
Penguins have (part) chest cavities.
Penguins have (part) chests.
Penguins have (part) corpi.
Penguins have (part) cytoplasm.
Penguins have (part) ears.
Penguins have (part) faces.
Penguins have (part) flight feathers.
Penguins have (part) heads.
Penguins have (part) lips.
Penguins have (part) mouths.
Penguins have (part) nuclei.
Penguins have (part) plasma membranes.
Penguins have (part) quill feathers.
Penguins have (part) rib cages.
Penguins have (part) second joints.
Penguins have (part) sections.
Penguins have (part) skulls.
Penguins have (part) sterna.
Penguins have (part) talons.
Penguins have (part) vacuoles.
Penguins have (part) wishbones.
Penguins have a funny walk.
Penguins have a kind of circular respiration, with a constant air flow.
Penguins have a little yellow and orange on their necks.
Penguins have a patch.
Penguins have a strong and often long beaks.
Penguins have a tendency to get a little nippy though.
Penguins have about seventy feathers per square inch.
Penguins have an amazing navigation ability to find their way.
Penguins have an annual moult, which takes about fifteen days.
Penguins have an excellent sense of hearing.
Penguins have an organ above their eyes that changes seawater into fresh water.
Penguins have backs.
Penguins have behavior.
Penguins have bills.
Penguins have black eyes and they have orange feet.
Penguins have bluish-grey eyes.
Penguins have capillaries.
Penguins have color.
Penguins have enemies too.
Penguins have enemies, but they have adapted to life in the water.
Penguins have faces.
Penguins have fat under their skin to make themselves even warmer.
Penguins have feathers.
Penguins have food.
Penguins have four seasons in their year, as follows.
Penguins have glands.
Penguins have hearts.
Penguins have layers of fat , also known as blubber , under the skin .
Penguins have loads more haemoglobin than humans, so they can carry lots more oxygen.
Penguins have lots of enemies like leopard seals, killer whales and skuas.
Penguins have mating rituals that involve songs and dances.
Penguins have natural predators.
Penguins have no external genitalia.
Penguins have no natural land predators.
Penguins have numerous capillaries.
Penguins have poor binocular vision, and some penguins have no binocular vision at all.
Penguins have powerful flippers instead of wings.
Penguins have predators.
Penguins have reddish color.
Penguins have several natural predators.
Penguins have sharp stout beaks with serrated edges to help catch and hold onto fish.
Penguins have shiny, waterproof feathers that help keep their skin dry.
Penguins have short legs and tall, torpedo-shaped bodies.
Penguins have short paddle-shaped wings adapted for swimming.
Penguins have special oil that they spread over their bodies.
Penguins have spiny tongues.
Penguins have strong homing instincts and travel extensively before breeding.
Penguins have the highest density of feathers per unit of surface area than any birds.
Penguins have thick layers of fat under the skin.
Penguins have thick, webbed feet that are wide and strong.
Penguins have tiny capillaries.
Penguins have to be careful of sea lions.
Penguins have tongues.
Penguins have two enemies.
Penguins have white bellies and dark backs.
Penguins have wings but they turn into fins.
Penguins have wings or paddle-like flippers which they use to swim.
Penguins hear calls.
Penguins hear something.
Penguins incubate their eggs in a rookery until they hatch.
Penguins infiltrate high-energy physics.
Penguins inhabit coasts.
Penguins inhabit southeast coasts.
Penguins introduces kids to another wacky ensemble of characters, fun stories and lots of laughs.
Penguins is a big game, but it is worth every byte.
Penguins keep appearing and hiding on a snowy scene.
Penguins keep eggs.
Penguins keep their young warm and fed until they are strong enough to take care of themselves.
Penguins keep warm with layers of insulation.
Penguins lay eggs on land.
Penguins lay eggs.
Penguins lay eggs.
Penguins learn to be very vocal and social animals within their colonies.
Penguins lift heads.
Penguins litually fly through the water using their fleshy feet as ruders.
Penguins live in a lot of different places.
Penguins live in environments.
Penguins live in groups.
Penguins live in habitats.
Penguins live in large communities so that they can stay close and help one another stay warm.
Penguins live in regions.
Penguins live in rookeries.
Penguins live in snow.
Penguins live in very large colonies, so they do have selection of mating with ease.
Penguins live mostly in the water and so are most likely seen on the coast.
Penguins live on coasts.
Penguins live on continents.
Penguins live on earth.
Penguins live on four different continents.
Penguins live on ice.
Penguins live only in Antarctica.
Penguins live only in the Southern Hemisphere and never in the Northern Hemisphere.
Penguins live there also.
Penguins living on ice have a special blood flow system called a counter-current exchange system.
Penguins locate their nests under rocks or vegetation for shade and predator protection.
Penguins look a bit little like seals when they swoop swiftly through the water.
Penguins look like birds.
Penguins look like black birds.
Penguins lose their feathers in a process called molting.
Penguins love ice.
Penguins love meals.
Penguins make a nest.
Penguins make a shallow hole in the ground.
Penguins make it a little easier.
Penguins make nests.
Penguins make their nests by scraping a hole in the ground and lining it with dried grasses.
Penguins migrate to beaches.
Penguins moult in summer.
Penguins move by waddling, walking and tobogganing.
Penguins move by waddling.
Penguins move heads.
Penguins move with a very straight and erect posture, and waddle more than walk.
Penguins naturally think out of the box.
Penguins now nest in burrows in sand, under overhanging rocks, under bushes, or even in the open.
Penguins only live south of the equator .
Penguins only live south of the equator.
Penguins penguins It is born from an egg.
Penguins play in ice.
Penguins play in the sea.
Penguins play, diving through our wake like dolphins, as if in celebration of our arrival.
Penguins possess eggs.
Penguins possess energy.
Penguins possess feathers.
Penguins primarily find their food from the seas, living mainly on fish, shrimp, or squid.
Penguins primarily rely on their vision while hunting.
Penguins produce as much disturbance or 'drag' in the water as a coin.
Penguins propel themselves through the water with flying movements of their flippers.
Penguins protect themselves by biting or beating their wings to show their strength.
Penguins protect themselves by living in large colonies.
Penguins raise chicks.
Penguins raise their young in a rookery.
Penguins reach their top speeds when they are porpoising through the water.
Penguins recognize each other mostly by their voice.
Penguins rely on their feathers for insulation.
Penguins rely on vision to travel and hunt at sea.
Penguins represent the only known examples of male-male pairings in seabirds.
Penguins require food.
Penguins require ice.
Penguins require sea ice for nesting and feeding areas.
Penguins return to breed colonies.
Penguins return to coastlines.
Penguins return to colonies.
Penguins return to environments.
Penguins return to same colonies.
Penguins return to sea.
Penguins return to shores.
Penguins search for fish and squid.
Penguins seek food.
Penguins seem a bit out of place on land, with their stand-out black jackets and clumsy waddling.
Penguins shake backs.
Penguins shake wings.
Penguins share environments.
Penguins show behaviour.
Penguins sit on ice.
Penguins specializes in unique, exclusive items made in the heart of Colorado.
Penguins spend a great deal of their time swimming and waddling.
Penguins spend a great deal of time at sea, where they are in danger from seals.
Penguins spend a lot of their time swimming .
Penguins spend a lot of their time swimming.
Penguins spend a lot of time in the water.
Penguins spend most of their lives in the oceans.
Penguins spread wings.
Penguins stand in snow.
Penguins stand on feet.
Penguins stand on glaciers.
Penguins stand on icebergs.
Penguins stand straight upright as compared to other birds that lean over.
Penguins start nest building for the up coming breeding season.
Penguins stay warm in lots of different ways.
Penguins swallow prey.
Penguins swim in groups.
Penguins swim in oceans.
Penguins swim in pools.
Penguins swim in sea.
Penguins swim in water.
Penguins teaches the same biblical truths, but for a slightly older audience.
Penguins thrive in groups.
Penguins thrive in oceans.
Penguins thrive in water.
Penguins thrive on the tiny shrimp-like krill or silverfish.
Penguins travel a lot to get to different places.
Penguins typically live near and in the very cold oceans of the southern hemisphere.
Penguins typically mate only once a year and lay one egg.
Penguins update Welcome to the first edition of our new weekly column South Pole.
Penguins use their beaks for feeding their young.
Penguins use their bills to catch food underwater.
Penguins use their feet to steer themselves when they are underwater.
Penguins use their feet to swim.
Penguins use their flippers to swim.
Penguins use their small wings to paddle.
Penguins use their strong arms to literally fly through the sea.
Penguins use their wings as flippers and really look like they fly through the water.
Penguins use their wings like paddles for swimming.
Penguins use their wings to swim, instead of to fly.
Penguins use what they have readily available on land too.
Penguins waddle round upright, so the centre of gravity is over the feet.
Penguins walk on feet.
Penguins watch penguins.
Penguins weigh pounds.
Penguins win streak.
Penguins work the same way, without the inconvenience of a sour after taste.
Penguins usually dive to find prey, whether it's fish, krill or squid.
Penguins usually live in large groups called colonies.
Penguins usually live near the ice, or rocks.
Penguins usually walk or hop and toboggan along on their breasts, pushing with wings and feet.
All penguins are birds.
All penguins are dark on their back and white on their chests.
All penguins eat the same basic kind of food, but some go to greater lengths than others to get it.
All penguins have a similar torpedo shaped body, which varies in size between species.
All penguins have a very similar torpedo-shaped body form, though they vary greatly in size.
All penguins have access to both their homes on land and in the sea.
All penguins have short, thick feathers.
All penguins have the well known tux coloration.
All penguins have to grow a fresh set of feathers each year.
All penguins have to live close to a body of water where they can hunt for food.
All penguins live in the southern half of the earth.
All penguins live in the southern half of the world.
All penguins live in the Southern Hemisphere.
All penguins live in the southern part of the world.
All penguins live near water.
All penguins live south of the equator.
All penguins typically have thick layers of fat, covered by protective, waterproof feathers.
All penguins use sounds to communicate.
All penguins use their black and white colors to adjust their body temperature on land.
Any penguins seeking to feed have to swim underneath the cone and remove each fish individually.
Every penguin coming out of the sea is oiled, and needs to be captured.
Many penguins are curious and even walk up to people.
Many penguins are threatened species.
Many penguins build a nest of rocks, sticks or grass where one or two eggs are laid.
Many penguins live at the bottom of the world where it is very, very cold.
Many penguins live in Antarctica.
Many penguins live in the icy waters in or near Antarctica.
Most penguins appear in islands.
Most penguins are evolved from ancestors.
Most penguins are extremely social animals and live in colonies of vast numbers.
Most penguins are located in Antarctica.
Most penguins are located in coasts.
Most penguins are member of families.
Most penguins are monogamous.
Most penguins are very social.
Most penguins build their nests on the ground, among rocks and clumps of grass.
Most penguins carry eggs.
Most penguins come from birds.
Most Penguins come with good introductions.
Most penguins cross habitats.
Most penguins develop antibodies.
Most penguins develop features.
Most penguins drink sea water.
Most penguins drink water.
Most penguins eat fish.
Most penguins eat food.
Most penguins eat small fish.
Most penguins enter oceans.
Most penguins enter sea.
Most penguins feed on fish.
Most penguins feed on krill.
Most penguins feed on small fish.
Most penguins find mates.
Most penguins float in water.
Most penguins gather in colonies of hundreds, even millions, to nest and molt .
Most penguins get food.
Most penguins give birth to penguins.
Most penguins go to environments.
Most penguins go to oceans.
Most penguins go to sea.
Most penguins go to water.
Most penguins grow feathers.
Most penguins has-part backs.
Most penguins has-part bellies.
Most penguins has-part bones.
Most penguins has-part eyes.
Most penguins has-part flippers.
Most penguins has-part glands.
Most penguins has-part skeletons.
Most penguins has-part tongues.
Most penguins has-part wings.
Most penguins have a white breast and a black back and head.
Most penguins have a white chest and a black head .
Most penguins have backs.
Most penguins have behavior.
Most penguins have bills.
Most penguins have capillaries.
Most penguins have color.
Most penguins have faces.
Most penguins have feathers.
Most penguins have food.
Most penguins have glands.
Most penguins have hearts.
Most penguins have natural predators.
Most penguins have numerous capillaries.
Most penguins have predators.
Most penguins have reddish color.
Most penguins have several natural predators.
Most penguins have small feet, wings, and head.
Most penguins have spiny tongues.
Most penguins have tiny capillaries.
Most penguins have tongues.
Most penguins have white breasts and a black back and head.
Most penguins hear calls.
Most penguins hear something.
Most penguins inhabit southeast coasts.
Most penguins keep eggs.
Most penguins live in Antarctica.
Most penguins live in environments.
Most penguins live in groups.
Most penguins live in habitats.
Most penguins live in ice caves.
Most penguins live in regions.
Most penguins live in snow.
Most penguins live on coasts.
Most penguins live on continents.
Most penguins live on earth.
Most penguins live on ice.
Most penguins live on islands and of course they have to live close to water.
Most penguins make nests.
Most penguins make their nests by digging shallow burrows under large rocks or bushes.
Most penguins migrate to beaches.
Most penguins only take short naps.
Most penguins play in ice.
Most penguins possess eggs.
Most penguins possess energy.
Most penguins possess feathers.
Most penguins raise chicks.
Most penguins require food.
Most penguins require ice.
Most penguins return to breed colonies.
Most penguins return to coastlines.
Most penguins return to colonies.
Most penguins return to environments.
Most penguins return to same colonies.
Most penguins return to sea.
Most penguins return to shores.
Most penguins seek food.
Most penguins shake backs.
Most penguins shake wings.
Most penguins show behaviour.
Most penguins sit on ice.
Most penguins spread wings.
Most penguins stand in snow.
Most penguins stand on feet.
Most penguins stand on glaciers.
Most penguins stand on icebergs.
Most penguins thrive in groups.
Most penguins thrive in oceans.
Most penguins thrive in water.
Most penguins walk on feet.
Most penguins watch penguins.
Most penguins weigh pounds.
Some penguins appear in sea.
Some penguins are evenly dark and light colored.
Some penguins are gentle when feeding, others more aggressive.
Some penguins are located on Antarctica.
Some penguins are located on icebergs.
Some penguins are very cute.
Some penguins attain ages.
Some penguins become babies.
Some penguins become prey.
Some penguins carry babies.
Some penguins eat krill.
Some penguins eat squids.
Some penguins emerge from colonies.
Some penguins emerge from sea.
Some penguins exhibit unique features.
Some penguins extend wings.
Some penguins feed chicks.
Some penguins feed on squids.
Some penguins fight and steal rocks from their nests.
Some penguins follow tracks.
Some penguins go to islands.
Some penguins has-part skin.
Some penguins have a crest of feathers on their head.
Some penguins have ability.
Some penguins have chambers.
Some penguins have distribution.
Some penguins have nasal chambers.
Some penguins have orange ear patches.
Some penguins have patches.
Some penguins have positions.
Some penguins have preference.
Some penguins have rubbery skin.
Some penguins have skin.
Some penguins have teeth.
Some penguins have unique positions.
Some penguins hear birds.
Some penguins hear krill.
Some penguins hear people.
Some penguins lack feathers.
Some penguins lack flight feathers.
Some penguins lack primary feathers.
Some penguins lack primary flight feathers.
Some penguins live in Antarctica.
Some penguins live in cold, polar climate zones.
Some penguins live in islands.
Some penguins live in neighborhoods.
Some penguins live in oceans.
Some penguins live in other places.
Some penguins live in Peru.
Some penguins live in sea.
Some penguins live in very warm places like on or very close to the equator.
Some penguins live on ground.
Some penguins live on the shore of Africa and South America.
Some penguins live on thick sheets of ice most of the time due to the extremely cold weather.
Some penguins lose capacity.
Some penguins lose mass.
Some penguins make colonies.
Some penguins make eggs.
Some penguins make milk.
Some penguins occur in environments.
Some penguins occur in sea.
Some penguins play in oceans.
Some penguins possess babies.
Some penguins provide food.
Some penguins reach ages.
Some penguins receive food.
Some penguins regurgitate food.
Some penguins require ground.
Some penguins return to nest sites.
Some penguins return to nests.
Some penguins return to same nest sites.
Some penguins return to sites.
Some penguins seek homes.
Some penguins shake heads.
Some penguins shed feathers.
Some penguins sit on chicks.
Some penguins sit on eggs.
Some penguins sit on stones.
Some penguins stand in fronts.
Some penguins stand on coasts.
Some penguins stay in the water for up to five months without coming to land.
Some penguins take care.
Some penguins thrive in sea.
Some penguins transmit parasites.
Some penguins use knowledge.
Some penguins wait for prey.
A penicillamine is medicine
Penicillamine is also effective in copper poisoning.
Penicillamine is the drug of choice.
Penicillamines are drugs.
Penicillin has NO effect on viruses, it works on bacteria.
Penicillin is an antibiotic drug
Penicillin is antibiotic.
Penicillin is drugs.
Penicillin is located in cabinets.
Penicillin is medicine.
Penicillin is prescription drugs.
Penicillin isa antibiotic.
Penicillins act by inhibiting the formation of a cell wall.
Penicillins appear to be safe.
Penicillins are also the antibiotic type with the most frequent allergic reaction.
Penicillins are antibiotics that interfere with proper cell wall formation in bacteria.
Penicillins are antibiotics used for treatment of a wide variety of infections.
Penicillins are antibiotics used to treat a wide variety of bacterial infections.
Penicillins are bacteriocidal .
Penicillins are generally bacteriocidal at clinically relevant doses.
Penicillins are ineffective, tending to suppress the bacterium without killing it.
Penicillins can cause substantial inactivation of aminoglycosides.
Penicillins exert their action on actively dividingcells by causing abnormal cell wall development.
Penicillins produce most hypersensitivity reactions.
Penicillins work best when there is a constant amount circulating in the body.
Penicillins work by damaging the cell wall of the bacteria.
All penicillins act by interfering with synthesis of the cell wall.
All penicillins inhibit the biosynthesis of the bacterial cell wall.
A penicillinase is an enzyme
Penicillinase has no effect on the activity of ofloxacin.
Penicillinases are B-lactamases.
Penicillinases are enzymes.
Penicillinases are newly evolved enzymes developed in response to our excess use of penicillin.
Penile cancer can occur anywhere on the penis but usually occur on the glands.
Penile cancer is always a concern.
Penile cancer is an extremely rare form of cancer.
Penile cancer is certainly a concerning problem.
Penile cancer is rare but is curable if caught early before invasion to the deeper tissues.
Penile cancer is rare in circumcised men.
Penile cancer occurs almost exclusively in the uncircumcised male at a rate of eight per million.
Penile cancer occurs usually in older men.
Penile cancers are usually skin cancers and as such they start with skin lesions.
Penile cancers occur most commonly in uncircumcised men.
Penile carcinoma is uncommon in Western countries.
Penile erection involves the relaxation of smooth muscle in the corpus cavernosum.
Penile erection is primarily a vascular event.
Penile fracture can occur if the erect penis is bent excessively.
Penile fracture can only occur with an erection.
Penile fractures can also happen during masturbation.
A penile implant is an implant
Penile implants are another option.
Penile implants require surgery.
Penile inversion produces a length which depends upon the amount of tissue available.
Penile length is a measure of masculinity.
Penile pain comes in several forms, most of which are apparent only when the penis is erect.
Penile prostheses are devices that are implanted into the penis.
Penile prosthesis allow one to return to that world of sharing.
Penile torsion consists of a rotation of the penis.
Penis bones are fairly common.
Penis bones are moderately common.
Penis envy is a sad thing.
Penis envy is envy
Penis gourds are the best answer, perhaps in colors.
Penis pumps are gross.
Penis pumps do penis enlargement.
Penis removal is another form of alteration done to the penis.
Penis sheath can be difficult to see.
Penis size is a great subject for jokes.
Penis size is a key element of a man's self-image.
Penis size is quite unimportant.
Penis size is the old standby when insulting men.
Penis size seems unchanged.
Penis size varies among all men.
Penis size varies among different human subgroups, as do other social organs.
Penis width is increased using wider cylinders .
A penis is an organ
Penis isa organ.
Penises also pop up in several of the shorts programs.
Penises are a dime a dozen, but a good working heart is much more difficult to find.
Penises are actually very good barometers.
Penises are appendages.
Penises are capable of pees.
Penises are cool.
Penises are created by vaginas.
Penises are hard to find even in gay movies that ought to know better.
Penises are located in hookers.
Penises are located in shorts.
Penises are made of cells.
Penises are made of flesh.
Penises are part of bodies.
Penises are part of males.
Penises are rather self-maintaining.
Penises are sex organs.
Penises are the most private ones.
Penises are used for peeings.
Penises are used for sexual intercourse.
Penises carry urine.
Penises come in a multitude of sizes, shapes, and curvatures.
Penises come in all shapes, sizes, colors, and even textures.
Penises consist of connective tissue.
Penises consist of tissue.
Penises fill with blood.
Penises force semen.
Penises have (part) corpi.
Penises have (part) cuticles.
Penises have (part) dermis.
Penises have (part) epidermises.
Penises have (part) freckles.
Penises have (part) ground substances.
Penises have (part) liver spots.
Penises have (part) lobes.
Penises have (part) mast cells.
Penises have (part) sections.
Penises have (part) skin cells.
Penises have (part) urethras.
Penises have (part) wrinkles.
Penises have erections.
Penises have functions.
Penises have tubes.
Penises make constant appearances in myths and legends from all over the map.
Penises make more money than vaginas.
Penises nauseate to ears pig.
Penises sound like foghorns.
All penises are blow-up.
All penises are to be removed.
Most penises carry urine.
Most penises consist of connective tissue.
Most penises fill with blood.
Most penises have erections.
Most penises have functions.
Most penises have tubes.
Some penises become glands.
Some penises collect urine.
Some penises enter vaginas.
Some penises grow more when they get hard than other penises .
Some penises grow more when they get hard than other penises.
Some penises have it good.
Some penises have ridges.
Some penises have sheaths.
Some penises have teeth.
Some penises look like flat tubes.
Some penises look like tubes.
A penitence is remorse
Penitence begins by admitting our sin.
Penitence does appease The incensed powers, and sacrifice takes off Their heavy angers.
Penitence fills up the valleys, lays low the mountains, makes straight and smoothes the ways.
Penitence helps remove that.
Penitence is one thing.
A penitent is a religious person
Penitents can apply for more punishing sports such as mountain-climbing and kayaking.
Penitents prepare beforehand by spending time in prayer.
Penitentes are ice formations caused by the combination of the sun, the cold, and the wind.
Penitentes only wish to go through Holy Week undisturbed.
Penitentiary recreation provides one outlet for pent-up energy in prison.
Penitentiary warfare is as subtle as any Victorian drawing room.
A penitentiary is a correctional institution
Penitentiaries seems to be too crowded in both countries.
Every penitentiary is a veritable hell.
Penknife isa knife.
Penknifes have (part) knife blades.
Penknifes have (part) knife edges.
Penknifes have (part) sections.
A penlight is a flashlight
Penlight combines the usefulness of a pen with the convenience of a small flashlight.
PenLight is an answer.
Penlights are ideal stocking stuffers and make fabulous gifts for anyone on any occasion.
A penman is a journalist
Penman gives it an interesting slant.
Penman is a common name there.
Penman is a good author.
Penman is a superb storyteller.
Penman seems to correspond quite accurately.
A penmanship is a hand
Penmanship Create readable documents with legible manuscript.
Penmanship includes the introduction of the lower case cursive letters during the last two terms.
Penmanship is a lost art, or nearly so.
Penmanship is all over the slate.
Penmanship is chirography.
Penmanship is difficult to read.
Penmanship is important.
Penmanship is pretty much a useless talent in an electronic age.
Penmanship is taught to maintain accuracy with cursive writing and neatness in presentation of work.
A pennant is honor
Pennant features players names.
Pennant is a hamlet about a quarter of a mile from the church.
Pennant is clean and sharp.
Pennant is clean.
Pennant is in poor condition.
Pennant is labeled for weed control in field-grown ornamentals.
Pennant is yellow and black with five women in white posed on a pedestal.
Pennant provides good preemergence control of nutsedge in addition to annual grasses.
Pennants are a curious element of sports memorabilia.
Pennants are awards.
Pennants are flags.
Pennants are historical and modern.
Pennants are located in sporting events.
Pennants are pink for girls, blue for boys, white for memorials and yellow for expecting parents.
Pennants are plentiful and inexpensive.
Pennants are three-pointed flags usually finished with grommets on the hoist.
Pennants have a long history of religious, military, maritime and heraldic use.
Pennants Includes both team logos.
Pennants worksheet .
Pennants worksheet color answer key .
Pennate diatoms are elongate with bilateral symmetry .
Pennate diatoms show a long slit, the raphe , along the long axis.
Pennate muscles are feather-shaped.
Penne pasta is tossed in a rich cream sauce with grindings of black pepper.
Penned animals is kind of relative when the pen is a few thousand acres.
Penned salmon eat oily brown pellets that smell like pet food.
A penni is an unit
Pennis are units of Finnish currency.
Penniless students have no vote.
Pennington beach boasts a tidal pool, is unspoiled and tranquil.
Pennino jewelry is highly collectible and scarce and commands high prices.
Pennsylvania is part of America.
Pennsylvania isa thing.
Pennsylvanian bedrock consists of sandstone, shale, coal, and limestone.
Pennsylvanian sedimentation reflects coastal lowland settings and thick peat swamps.
Penny candy costs a nickel.
Penny stock is a certificate
Penny stock is stock.
Penny stocks are a favorite victim and tool of fraudulent message board stock-manipulation schemes.
Penny stocks are cheap according to stock market news .
Penny stocks are extremely vulnerable to manipulation.
Penny stocks are high risk, low-priced, highly speculative stocks usually issued by new companies.
Penny stocks are high risk.
Penny stocks are illiquid, less stable, and more susceptible to manipulation and scams.
Penny stocks are inherently risky.
Penny stocks are low-priced stocks that typically start out at less than one dollar per share.
Penny stocks are one common product sold in boiler room operations.
Penny stocks are 'priced low' for a reason.
Penny stocks are very volatile and speculative.
Penny stocks can be very risky.
Penny stocks contain capital risks.
All penny stocks are very risky.
Most penny stocks are poor investment choices.
Penny wars are where classes try to get the most pennys in thier bucket.
Penny wars is next week with a prize for the class with the most pennies.
A penny is a subunit
Pennies add to the classroom total while the silver subtracts from the total.
Pennies are a good choice for many collectors and the latest boom in coin collecting.
Pennies are a nuisance for businesses too.
Pennies are a nuisance for the nation.
Pennies are a plus.
Pennies are available for check-out from the intramural supervisor.
Pennies are circles.
Pennies are coin.
Pennies are companies.
Pennies are copper.
Pennies are each worth one point.
Pennies are easy to use for copper.
Pennies are fictional characters.
Pennies are fun to collect but a nuisance to shoppers.
Pennies are located in banks.
Pennies are located in drawers.
Pennies are located in ground.
Pennies are located in jars.
Pennies are located in pockets.
Pennies are located in purses.
Pennies are located in rugs.
Pennies are located in wallets.
Pennies are located in water fountains.
Pennies are located in water.
Pennies are much the same today.
Pennies are nothing more than an aftershock of an over-inflated economy.
Pennies are so dumb.
Pennies are subsidiaries.
Pennies are uneconomic and inconvenient.
Pennies are used for collecting.
Pennies are used for currency exchanges.
Pennies are used for good luck.
Pennies are used for luck.
Pennies are used for payings.
Pennies are used for savings.
Pennies are used for spending.
Pennies are worth nothing.
Pennies are worth positive points, silver coins and dollars are negative.
Pennies can flow through the hole and out of our universe.
Pennies count as negative votes.
Pennies count as positive points.
Pennies count toward the floor's score, while silver change counts against the floor's score.
Pennies do add up.
Pennies has a number of strengths.
Pennies make dimes and dimes make dollars.
Pennies make dollars, and sacrifices for a just cause make character.
Pennies make dollars.
Pennies really do add up . .
Pennies stand for cases of beer.
Pennies weight their eyes by now.
Pennies work well, as do poker chips.
Penny beats everyone down the court to score.
Penny believes in the importance of love, including the benefits and happiness it brings.
Penny comes up with a doozy.
Penny conducts training programs for both childbirth educators and doulas.
Penny create from a event but slid cyber blackjack.
Penny drives Outside the local church or both.
Penny enjoys playing the piano and spending time outdoors.
Penny enjoys water sports, entertaining, decorating and walking.
Penny estimates that students found and used several tons of useful items.
Penny finds all most parsimonious trees applying a branch and bound search strategy.
Penny goes to work, where further hijinks ensue, especially with an obviously lesbian client.
Penny hails from Sugar Land, Texas.
Penny indicates size of print.
Penny is available two to three days a week.
Penny is in Illinois.
Penny is in pink and variegated blue.
Penny isa unit.
Penny learn String down many needle outside whatever weather.
Penny leave Wing behind patient within most cycling gears meanwhile deny alongside the cloud.
Penny likes grape gum.
Penny lives in Council Bluffs, Iowa.
Penny loves children and does a great job tending to their needs and watching out for their safety.
Penny loves to dress up in pretty dresses and enjoys playing with dogs.
Penny loves to surprise guests with a different breakfast daily.
Penny now appeals.
Penny paints a world filled with color and harmony.
Penny pinchers unwilling to take the free ISP plunge can still log on cheaply.
Penny presents an identical factual scenario to the case at bar.
Penny serves as an illustration of what can happen to even the best of pitchers from the low minors.
Penny sneaks out a message in a bottle at the film's beginning.
Penny speaks from experience about the importance of motor vehicle safety.
Penny takes an eclectic approach to personal and spiritual enlightenment.
Penny tells it in about twenty seconds.
Penny works in the firm s insurance division.
Penny always has candy and fresh flowers waiting and a wealth of information on the city.
Penny often wears midriff-baring outfits.
Every penny allocated to the program goes to assist patients.
Every penny belongs to the Holocaust victims.
Every penny brought in is put back into the ministry.
Every penny collected by walkers goes directly toward finding a cure.
Every penny collected is earmarked to our projects.
Every penny counts here at the ranch.
Every penny counts when it comes to saving lives.
Every penny counts, so please give generously today.
Every penny counts.
Every penny earned at the show goes directly toward recording costs.
Every penny earned from the low-cost services it provides goes back to fund more services.
Every penny earned goes to charity.
Every penny earns the maximum rate.
Every penny goes back to the community and most of it helps children.
Every penny goes to charity.
Every penny goes to paying our bills.
Every penny goes to support the sanctuary.
Every penny goes to the support of the animals .
Every penny goes where it's needed most to help children.
Every penny helps buy shoes or other items for Utah's needy children.
Every penny helps fund important research and advocacy efforts.
Every penny helps.
Every penny instead goes into the state treasury.
Every penny invested in our beaches strengthens our tourism and marine recreation industries.
Every penny is already dedicated.
Every penny is passed along to our client schools.
Every penny is pumped back into Optimal Outcomes.
Every penny is regulated, completely transparent and accounted for under strict U.S. guidelines.
Every penny is spent on breast cancer research and increasing awareness about breast cancer.
Every penny is spent wisely AND for the sole benefit of our sponsored children.
Every penny is stretched as far as possible to serve the needs of today s families.
Every penny is stretched as far as possible to serve the needs of today's families.
Every penny is stretched to the maximum and used right here in New Mexico.
Every penny is stretched, put toward resources in the best way the school can find.
Every penny is treasured.
Every penny is used for scholarships.
Every penny saved on non-food items means more money for a family's food budget.
Every penny saved on the phone is a penny more for the collection plate.
Every penny spent by an organization lowers the overall profitability of the organization.
Every penny spent has the power to work upon the production processes.
Every penny spent on education saves seven cents tomorrow.
Some pennies contain zinc, which can cause vomiting, anemia, and even death if ingested.
Some pennies contain zinc, which is extremely toxic.
Pennyroyal oil contains many natural insect repellents.
Pennyroyal oil is an effective insect repellant.
Pennyroyal oil is oil
Pennyroyal oil is oil.
Pennyroyal oil is thought to induce uterine contractions via stimulation of beta-receptors.
Pennyroyal toxicity can cause liver failure.
A penologist is a social scientist
Penologists say there is no single explanation.
A penology is criminology
Penology then stresses the low-cost management of a permanent offender population.
Penopubic epispadias is a relatively rare anomaly.
Penpal letters are a good way to go.
Penpal letters arrive regularly, as Ghanian students share their lives with the Vermont students.
Penpal writing is a great way to meet a nice sweet young sexy girl.
Pension assets are also a part of divorce settlements.
A pension fund is a fund
Pension funds are also extremely active buyers.
Pension funds are funds.
Pension funds are no longer able to reclaim the tax credits on dividends from UK companies.
Pension funds are the largest nonbank institutional investor in the country.
Pension funds are vital to the millions of people to whom they give security and comfort in old age.
Pension funds attract depositors and engage pension assets management companies and custodians .
Pension funds can advance a larger social agenda reaching beyond simple individual returns.
Pension funds can also be very large relative to total corporate assets.
Pension funds can change.
Pension funds collect contributions which are then used to buy stocks and shares.
Pension funds cover separately constituted superannuation funds.
Pension funds hold massive amounts of money.
Pension funds invest assets with an optimum mix of growth potential and risk.
Pension funds invest in things all the time.
Pension funds own almost a third of the total stock.
Pension funds play a significant role in infrastructure financing in other countries.
Pension funds provide some kind of insurance.
Many pension funds invest a portion of their assets in index funds.
Some pension funds have such investments.
A pension plan is a program
Pension plans are an appropriate subject.
Pension plans are another story.
Pension plans are complex to say the least.
Pension plans are especially difficult.
Pension plans are famous the world around for cheating the pensioners.
Pension plans are major sources of retirement income.
Pension plans are plans.
Pension plans are safe from creditors and judgements.
Pension plans can be a complex area.
Pension plans differ as to a number of factors and can be designed for practically any business.
Pension plans take some time to vest.
Pension plans tend to buy and hold, which also reduces the supply of shares to our general market.
Pension plans use different approaches to integration.
Pension plans utilize a wide variety of methods of financing, operation, and administration.
Many pension plans have sample or model language for domestic relations orders.
Most pension plans fall within one of two categories.
Most pension plans offer a fixed income equal to a percentage of salary.
Most pension plans require the participant to file a written claim in order for payments to begin.
Some pension plans have restrictions on the use of pension funds.
Some pension plans require the employee to make a small, periodic contribution to the fund.
Pension reform can work anywhere.
Pension reform is a very important aspect.
Pension reform is at the forefront of the global mind.
Pension reform is now on the national agenda in most post-Soviet countries.
Pension reform passes.
Pension reform takes hold . . .
Pension regulations are in accordance with the Korean national pension policy.
Pension schemes provide employees with a tax efficient method of providing for their retirement.
More pension schemes use market value.
Pension systems are the competence of member states.
Pension systems are under pressure, economically and therefore also politically.
Pension systems tend to offer strong incentives for early withdrawal from the labour market.
Many pension systems have different retirement ages for men or women.
A pension is a payment
Pension ceases on marriage.
Pension has rooms for two, three, four and five persons.
Pension is a major issue in that strike.
Pension is based on life income and is also linked to Sweden's economic growth.
Pension is based upon income.
Pension is index linked from the date of retirement, with no limit on the index linking.
Pension is one area of widespread discontent.
Pension is restricted.
Pension offers cheap accommodation suitable especially for young tourists on budget.
Pensions are a case in point.
Pensions are a crucial piece of our national income system.
Pensions are a joke.
Pensions are a key component of the welfare protection systems.
Pensions are a major issue across Europe and the rest of the world.
Pensions are a reward for years of service on the job.
Pensions are a thing of the past.
Pensions are also available for survivors and disability.
Pensions are also no longer safe.
Pensions are also very inflexible.
Pensions are an attractive component of employee compensation packages.
Pensions are an even bigger problem.
Pensions are an important income source for many in old age.
Pensions are an issue for all steelworkers.
Pensions are automatically transferable abroad.
Pensions are by definition a long term investment.
Pensions are dangerously under funded.
Pensions are even smaller.
Pensions are just too important to ignore.
Pensions are late and inadequate.
Pensions are only one form of personal saving.
Pensions are only taxable there, at U.S. rates.
Pensions are part of the full range of retirement products offered by life insurers.
Pensions are particularly hard hit.
Pensions are privately-run small hotels.
Pensions are the major component of income security for retirees.
Pensions are the most important source of income for older people.
Pensions are the same thing.
Pensions are tricky, because they differ from company to company.
Pensions are very good, meaning older people have both the time and money to go abroad.
Pensions are very serious and important assets.
Pensions begin only after certain forms are filled out.
Pensions benefit everyone.
Pensions can act as an incentive for staff to remain in otherwise underpaid jobs.
Pensions can be hard to get to grips with.
Pensions fall into the latter category.
Pensions have a profound influence on the economic conditions of older persons.
Pensions is an example of that.
Pensions plunge retired people into a status of misery bordering on mendicity.
Pensions Read our latest news letter on the web.
Pensions There are pensions.
Pensions typically require more transparency and personal attention.
Pensions vary widely in atmosphere and quality.
Most pension is covered by private pension funds.
Most pensions are divisible.
Some pensions have private bath and toilet in the guestroom.
A pensioner is a beneficiary
Pensioners also can cash their money at any postal office in the republic.
Pensioners are a group who have been strongly encouraged to save.
Pensioners are also a major factor.
Pensioners are beneficiaries.
Pensioners are free of charge.
Pensioners are great people, because they speak their minds.
Pensioners are more likely to be living in houses which are hard to heat.
Pensioners are often in very poor housing conditions.
Pensioners are the most likely group to insist there is no intelligent life out there.
Pensioners are very bad off.
Pensioners constitute a major segment of the population in many single-enterprise towns.
Pensioners deserve a decent basic state pension.
Pensioners enjoy higher capital exemptions if, for example, they draw necessary income from it.
Pensioners have a distinct and specific needs.
Pensioners have to choose between food and medicine.
Pensioners lack both the financial means and the organization to create a threatening opposition.
Pensioners now pay half the cost for chargeable pests.
Pensioners pay half of the regular fee.
Pensioners sell CDs stacked on wooden dowels like digital shish kebabs.
Pensioners frequently undergo some harassment over pension.
All pensioners are welcome.
All pensioners have free travel.
Many pensioners struggle financially during retirement due to lack of planning.
A penstock is a conduit
Penstocks lead the water into a chamber housing the turbine .
Pentachlorophenol exposure can cause spasms, convulsions and coma.
Pentachlorophenol poisoning can be fatal, having caused cardiac and muscular collapse.
A pentacle is a star
Pentacle is a complete system for on-line tuning of focus and astigmatism of electron zmicroscopes.
Pentacle is dark red, and bells have a weathered look.
Pentacles are magazines.
Pentacles are stars.
Pentacles represent the element of earth.
A pentagon is a figure
Pentagons are buildings.
Pentagons are bureaucracy.
Pentagons are figures.
Pentagons are polygons.
Pentagons are round.
Pentagons have five corners and five sides.
Pentagons play no part in any double bonding.
Every pentagonal number is one-third of a triangular number.
Pentagonal sternum is thought by some to be of a more primitive origin.
A pentagram is a star
Pentagrams appear in the Key of Solomon.
Pentagrams are part of pentacles.
Pentagrams regularly appear on tombstones, as do hardened wax and talismans.
Pentamerismus mites are elongate and orange.
A pentathlete is an athlete
Pentathletes are running against the clock, so self-pacing is key.
Most pentathletes think the next event, the showjumping, is more about luck than skill.
Pentatonic melodies are often hauntingly beautiful.
Pentatonic position is also lends itself well to bends .
A pentatonic scale is musical notation
Pentatonic scales are the most widely used musical scales in the world.
Pentatonic scales are very common and are found in folk music from all over the world .
Pentatonic scales are very common and are found in folk music from all over the world.
Pentatonic scales consist of only five intervals.
Pentax products carry a one year guarantee to be free of defects in materials and workmanship.
Pentecost people conduct marriages of such people.
Pentecostal churches allow women to take an equal role in the church.
Pentecostal faith is experiential, communitarian, healing and body-involving.
Pentecostal groups are the most numerous.
Pentecostal parents project their faith on their kids and the kids die.
Pentecostal people are harvesters.
Pentecostal worship is very emotional.
Pentecostals approach Scripture literally, so they see the world populated with demons.
Pentecostals are forever suspicious of institutions or regimentation.
Pentecostals are protestants.
Pentecostals are quite anti-doctrine.
Pentecostals are righteousness oriented.
Pentecostals are still poor, but they somehow no longer live in a culture of poverty.
Pentecostals believe that the end times are near.
Pentecostals believe they are called to achieve two principles.
Pentecostals constitute one of the largest minority religions in Romania.
Pentecostals create sacred space, raise energy, cast spells, channel, even use talismans.
Pentecostals emphasize righteousness over riches.
Pentecostals endeavor to maintain a dialectical relationship between experience and Scripture.
Pentecostals raise it to an expectation.
Pentecostals stand when praying.
Pentecostals tend to take the foundation for granted.
Many Pentecostals attend church every night for a two-hour service.
Most Pentecostals are Arminian.
Most Pentecostals teach the importance of divinely- called leadership.
Some Pentecostals believe in handling snakes, faith healing and exorcisms.
A pentecostalism is religion
Pentecostalism has a face that is warm and friendly.
Pentecostalism is a great factor in fast growth areas.
Pentecostalism is a religion of the disinherited in Brazil.
Pentecostalism is all about healing.
Pentecostalism is communicated in stories, testimonies, and songs.
Pentecostalism is dangerous, indeed, and as such produces some excesses.
Pentecostalism is empty and groundless.
Pentecostalism is prosperous and mainstream, perhaps at the expense of passion.
Pentecostalism represents an even greater dependence on Gnostic tendencies.
Penthouse suites are also available, finely equipped ad have superb views of the city.
Penthouse suites have large reception area, bathroom phone and wet bar.
Every penthouse suite is furnished with a whirlpool bath.
A penthouse is an apartment
Penthouses are apartments.
Penthouses are available.
Penthouses are exclusive.
Penthouses are larger and vary in floor areas.
Penthouses are magazines.
Penthouses are on the corner so view is terrific off the wrap decks overlooking the Sea of Cortez.
Penthouses are suites.
Penthouses can have up to four bedrooms plus sitting room, living room and terraces.
Penthouses have a private roof garden and spa.
Penthouses have a small roof terrace for entertaining friends.
Penthouses have either king-size bed or two twin beds.
Penthouses have roof gardens.
Penthouses offer children a special meeting place with a view.
Penthouses offer either a plunge pool or spa on their private sundecks.
Some penthouses have pools and roof terrace to entertain and impress clients.
A pentimento is a picture
Pentimenti are the changes in composition which a painter makes while producing a painting.
Pentimenti are useful in establishing authenticity.
Pentimentos are paintings.
Some pentimenti are evident, particularly around the unfinished hands.
Pentobarbital injection is available.
A pentoxifylline is a drug
Pentoxifylline attenuates reperfusion injury in skeletal muscle following partial ischemia.
Pentoxifylline inhibits mediator synthesis in an equine in vitro whole blood model of endotoxemia.
A penumbra is a shadow
Penumbras occur in both solar and lunar eclipses .
Penumbral eclipses are difficult or impossible to notice from earth.
Penumbral eclipses are of little interest because they are hard to see.
A penury is poverty
Penury plagues Mexico.
A peonage is practice
Peonage is a form of involuntary servitude based on real or alleged indebtedness.
Peonage is a form of labor control that relies on debt to compel a worker.
Peonage is never an acceptable result of debt.
Peonages are practice.
A peony is a flower
Peonies also make wonderful dried flowers.
Peonies are a fantastic investment.
Peonies are a highly prized and popular perennial and are widely grown in flower gardens.
Peonies are also good background plants for low annual flowers.
Peonies are easy to propagate.
Peonies are flowers.
Peonies are hardy, permanant, very easy to grow and enjoy freedom from pests for the most part.
Peonies are herbaceous perennials that are easily grown in the garden.
Peonies are in bloom, as are irises.
Peonies are large luminous flowers with no discernable scent . .
Peonies are large plants, best planted at the back of the flower border.
Peonies are light feeders.
Peonies are long lived perennials.
Peonies are now in full bloom, if a little bent over by the rains.
Peonies are one perennial that is usually staked.
Peonies are original to the garden.
Peonies are our special crop.
Peonies are our specialty.
Peonies are outstanding as cut flowers.
Peonies are perennials.
Peonies are plants.
Peonies are purple Carnations are white.
Peonies are quite hardy, except for the tree types.
Peonies are relatively easy to grow.
Peonies are truly heirloom plants.
Peonies are unable to withstand strong winds, especially when they are heavy with blossoms.
Peonies are very beautiful.
Peonies begin growing so early in the spring, that they often begin to decline in late summer.
Peonies bloom best in full sun.
Peonies bloom on peony trees.
Peonies can be tricky to grow until they get established and begin blooming.
Peonies can remain in the same place for many years, so choose the location carefully.
Peonies come in a wide range of flower colors including white, cream, yellow, pink, red and rose.
Peonies develop a taproot and many short, thin roots.
Peonies do best in full sun or in light shade.
Peonies do well here.
Peonies grow best in full sun and well-drained soils.
Peonies grow best in full sunlight and well-drained soils.
Peonies grow from two to four feet in height.
Peonies grow in well drained soil in sunny locations in nature.
Peonies have beautiful flowers and foliage.
Peonies have few pests or problems.
Peonies have much to offer with stunning, often fragrant flowers.
Peonies love cold.
Peonies make an excellent companion flower with tall bearded irises.
Peonies make good background plants for low annual flowers.
Peonies make wonderful cut flowers.
Peonies occasionally have problems with spider mites and powdery mildew in Colorado.
Peonies perform best if planted in full sun.
Peonies perform best in full sun and well-drained soils.
Peonies planted in shade are more subject to diseases than when in full sun.
Peonies prefer neutral to slightly alkaline soil.
Peonies prefer rich, well-drained soil.
Peonies range in color from white through pale cream and pink to red.
Peonies require winter cold to flower.
Peonies suffer grievously or die when their roots are disturbed.
Peonies thrive in sunny locations and well-drained soils, tolerating a wide range of soil types.
Peony having scattered, two or three petals lie on one another.
Peony is a Chinese child sold into bondage to a Jewish family living in China.
Peonies often attract small ants as they begin to open.
Many peonies are very good for enjoying indoors as long lasting cut flowers.
Many peonies have the fragrance of old-fashioned roses.
People Carriers are practical and economical.
People finders are one of the newest tools for making the world a smaller place.
People finders are popular.
All people finders provide fields for first and last names.
Most people finders are no better than telephone books.
Some people finders allow for wildcards or partial names.
Some people finders offer lots of bells and whistles.
People food is good.
People groups become demonised, and ridiculous conspiracy stories emerge.
Some people groups are unreached.
People magazine is an example of a refereed journal.
People magazine is launched.
People magazine is the largest selling magazine in our culture.
People magazine takes a bit of a different approach.
People management is essential for success.
People movement is unstable.
People music is the kind of music that can be played anywhere at anytime.
People of color account for nearly a quarter of expatriates surveyed.
People of color appear in popular and news media and occupy positions of power and status.
People of color are also at a disadvantage.
People of color are criminals.
People of color are disproportionately at the bottom of the income distribution curve.
People of color are especially encouraged to apply.
People of color are especially encouraged to join.
People of color are less likely to have health insurance.
People of color are less likely to receive a pension or to have savings income.
People of color are more apt to belong to the latter category.
People of color are more likely than whites to be victims of crime.
People of color are much more likely to be convicted on drug-related charges.
People of color are naturally deficient in some way and inferior to white people.
People of color are now a majority of the state's population.
People of color are our senators, our congresspersons, and the head of all the major corporations.
People of color are seriously under-represented.
People of color are some of the most beautiful people in the entire world.
People of color are strongly encouraged to apply.
People of color are underrepresented among domestic violence service providers.
People of color call it one of the most prominent examples of racism thriving in American society.
People of color can be just as racist as anyone.
People of color can find their leadership experience in higher education isolating at times.
People of color can have that happen every day.
People of color comprise two-thirds of all prisoners nationally.
People of color continue to experience poverty and unemployment disproportionately.
People of color get strange looks just for being in trendy stores.
People of color have lower incomes than whites.
People of color have lower incomes.
People of color is a race
People of color know that race and racism are at the root of the urban crises.
People of color live daily with the prospect of race-based police contacts.
People of color make up approximately one quarter of our student body and our faculty.
People of color receive a special treatment because they are different.
People of color see their nations ruined by capitalism and imperialism.
People of color suffer a disproportionate number of pesticide poisonings.
People of color tend to be less sensitive.
People of color tend to have less adequate access to health insurance and healthcare than whites.
People of color understand there is a gap.
People of colour are, of course, also welcome as guests.
People of colour is a race
People of faith are concerned about what is happening in our nation.
People of faith are decent, loving and patriotic.
People of faith are people of courage.
People of faith can do something to feed hungry neighbors.
People of faith can lead the way to change.
People of faith can play a crucial role in shaping public policy.
People of faith depend on the grace of higher powers for salvation from death.
People of faith face certain issues that nonreligious people are less concerned with.
People of faith have another word for building our public life.
People of faith have opinions.
People of faith know about stories.
People of faith spend a lot of time focusing on relationships.
Many people of faith are restless.
Most people of faith are against discrimination and violence.
Some people of Japan enjoy making paper folding art, which is called Origami .
People of today are more interested in seeing pictures instead of words.
People of today are often deaf to such statements.
People of today are on the go, pressed for time and lazy.
People of today are stupid, the say stupid things, and thir humor is stupid.
People of today know a lot about ancient Egyptian funeral rites and customs.
People power can still trump the power of big money.
People power imagines what life can be if people placed their destiny in their hands.
People power is a special gift and talent of the Filipino people and it is contagious.
People power is already here.
People power is crucial.
People power is here to stay.
People power is like chemotherapy.
People power is the final power of democracy.
People power is the model used by social movements.
People power is usually the strongest tool that nonprofit organizations have.
People power represents an important contribution to the nature center.
People search is by name, city and providence.
People searches are name, city, state.
People skills are also an important quality.
People skills are also critical, especially when it comes to customer service.
People skills are also vital.
People skills are among the essentials for the effective school leader.
People skills are an essential tool for a business owner.
People skills are another important consideration.
People skills are another strength that telecom professionals can take advantage of.
People skills are best for the job.
People skills are equally as important as technology skills .
People skills are essential to being a successful engineer.
People skills are essential.
People skills are immensely important in negotiations between buyer and seller.
People skills are important in all health-related fields.
People skills are important in the profession, and are taught at the cosmetology schools.
People skills are important.
People skills are more important than technical skills .
People skills are more important than technical skills.
People skills are more likely to be acquired in paid jobs or in volunteer work.
People skills are of critical importance.
People skills are paramount to success.
People skills are really important.
People skills are the key to making it here.
People skills are the most important.
People skills are very important too.
People skills are very important.
People skills are vital.
People skills can often make or break a ministry leader.
People today are addicted to their cell phones, computer screens, and microwave ovens.
People today are afraid of dreaming big.
People today are aware that there is something basically wrong with current social values.
People today are busier than any previous generation ever was.
People today are busier than ever before.
People today are busier than they ve ever been.
People today are chiefly concerned with the higher things in life-like prices.
People today are constantly on the go.
People today are dependent on an assortment of communication services.
People today are eager to feel good and to have better health.
People today are extremely sophisticated and wise.
People today are healthier and drinking less.
People today are hopelessly confused about their sexuality.
People today are hungry for community.
People today are in a much different situation.
People today are in general more interested in American citizenship.
People today are less concerned about the sin problem.
People today are mentally lazy.
People today are mentally tired, emotionally exhausted and physically worn down.
People today are more aware of the damage pesticides used in agriculture cause.
People today are more educated and demand better work environments.
People today are more in tune with breaking things down into smaller elements.
People today are more interested in the cleanliness and the decor.
People today are more sophisticated and educated than ever before.
People today are more willing to talk about it.
People today are much more wounded.
People today are no different.
People today are raised from childhood on a diet of high-carbohydrate foods made from grains.
People today are reluctant to give out information about themselves.
People today are tired of phonies.
People today are too anxious.
People today are too busy or too smart to answer even the first question.
People today are too selfish.
People today are unable to maintain promises personally and professionally.
People today are under enormous amounts of stress.
People today are very cautious about preachers and churches.
People today are very concerned with their health and fitness.
People today are very light sensitive.
People today are very light-sensitive.
People today are very much concerned about national security.
People today are very much in tune with all that is bigger, better, and faster.
People today are very savvy in terms of electronics.
People today are very willing to talk about religion and spirituality.
People today are visually sophisticated.
People today become so caught up in life that they forget about Eternal life.
People today believe a new stadium is all it takes to become instant winners.
People today can expect to care for themselves and be independent for many years.
People today can express their ambitions more openly.
People today can now casually meet one another on the Internet.
People today care about one thing, and it's themselves.
People today choose churches that meet their needs.
People today choose other things to express their happiness and good wishes for the bride and groom.
People today choose SUVs because they are safer.
People today collect cards many ways.
People today complain of feeling invisible.
People today demand instant gratification.
People today depend on many things.
People today do exactly the same thing.
People today dont have the time for letterboxed surveys, meetings or local papers.
People today expect to access an online resource as quickly as they can turn to a page in a book.
People today expect to find radio shows and film clips on web sites.
People today face a nuclear war.
People today feel more comfortable in a restaurant where they can see the cooking.
People today feel sensual if they eat a fattening food.
People today get fluoride from other sources as well.
People today grow up lacking concerned community leaders, teachers, and parents.
People today have a great deal of knowledge.
People today have an exaggerated impression of past growth rates.
People today have busy lives and many other things to do.
People today have difficulty programming their VCRs, much less a new chip inside their TV sets.
People today have dreadful conveniences, that make life easier and remove all struggle and meaning.
People today have far more education and exposure to the outside world.
People today have higher expectations of their work than they ve ever had.
People today have immediate access to the thoughts and knowledge of others on a grand scale.
People today have less and less time to get everything done.
People today have many ideas when it comes to the realm of religion.
People today have more alternatives, and some choose to break with tradition and simply take a trip.
People today have more choices between the amount of churches and types of services being offered.
People today have too many answers.
People today have very short attention spans.
People today know that if something is too easy . . .
People today lead busy lives at a fast pace.
People today lead busy lives.
People today lead very busy lives, and time is at a premium.
People today live a fast-paced life with little time to spare.
People today live in a dream world.
People today live in a technological society.
People today live longer and healthier lives than any generation in history.
People today live nearly twice as long as they did in the beginning of the century.
People today look for a church like they are going shopping.
People today ostracize themselves from society.
People today rely more and more on loans and credit to get what they desire.
People today say that our earth is unwell, severely ill with natural and human-made disasters.
People today say that society has changed.
People today seem aware that they're on display.
People today seem hungry for much more than entertainment.
People today seem to have lost the sense of water as a source of life.
People today shudder at the thought that crucifixion was once an accepted execution method.
People today speak a lot about culture.
People today spend billions of dollars, perhaps even trillions on some form of entertainment.
People today spend thousands of rupees on singlesari or even a stole or scarf with kantha work on.
People today suffer back or ankle injuries and they are able to return in a couple of weeks.
People today take better care of their pets and automobiles than themselves.
People today talk about nothing but floods.
People today talk about obesity and there is a multi billion dollar weight loss industry.
People today talk about polluting the environment.
People today tend to be more consumers when they shop for the needs for their families.
People today tend to move around more.
People today tend to think that the only opinion that really matters is their own.
People today think in terms of careers.
People today think instead in the categories of vice and immorality and criminality.
People today think of the Internet as an alternative to print.
People today think that there s a lot of voice on the public Internet.
People today travel far and wide and they have an appreciation of indigenous hand-made crafts.
People today use a variety of ways to travel.
People today use almost half the energy needed to keep all of the earth's species going.
People today wonder why it's called scat singing.
People today work harder and longer than any previous generation.
People today worship a variety of gods , putting their trust in the world.
Many people today are afraid of commitment.
Many people today are afraid of sticking their neck out and intruding.
Many people today are egalitarians when it comes to revelation.
Many people today are in search of a bargain even in the religious realm.
Many people today are increasingly concerned about allowing such x rays.
Many people today are moralists.
Many people today are too busy to attend worship service on a regular basis.
Many people today are unprepared for retirement when it arrives.
Many people today are unwilling to assume such a humble attitude.
Many people today are very satisfied with their lives.
Many people today believe the Bible is outdated and irrelevant for their lives.
Many people today choose to worship the god of money.
Many people today confuse traditional Western religious tolerance with religious pluralism.
Many people today consider Athens in the age of Pericles as an ideal to be lived up to.
Many people today discover that some of their greatest assets are in their retirement accounts.
Many people today dispute the value of action movies.
Many people today do order products over the internet without encountering any problems.
Many people today experience the same sensation.
Many people today fail to see the potential power of prayer.
Many people today fear their own death and have difficulty handling the passing of loved ones.
Many people today feel as if they are wandering in a wilderness.
Many people today feel cut off and alienated from others.
Many people today feel or are made to feel that they are as worthless as that little sparrow.
Many people today feel rushed, pushed, and shoved from one moment to the next.
Many people today feel the same way.
Many people today feel they are adrift in the financial seas.
Many people today feel very frustrated about the future for themselves or their children.
Many people today find that they do very poorly on a high grain diet.
Many people today have exactly the same experience.
Many people today have great difficulty believing the first chapter of the Bible.
Many people today have heroes.
Many people today have little or no church experience.
Many people today have to face the higher cost of educating their children.
Many people today have unrealistic notions about what nutrition can accomplish.
Many people today keep their bank records on computer.
Many people today know that they are Jewish but have no concept what that is supposed to mean.
Many people today lack a sense of the seriousness of sin and the importance of confession.
Many people today laugh and sneer at discipline, but no one laughs about excellence.
Many people today laugh at the idea.
Many people today live in discouragement and have therefore lost the purpose of life.
Many people today live on the edge of their finances.
Many people today live their lives as if they are already in a burial cave a tomb.
Many people today live their lives in a fog.
Many people today live two lives.
Many people today lose their lives because of their faith in Jesus Christ.
Many people today love to collect Americana accessories.
Many people today make it one of their missions to cause as much trouble politically as possible.
Many people today marry as hirelings.
Many people today prefer to make their own god.
Many people today rely on supplements, in pills, powders or liquids.
Many people today revel at finding a mysterious growth that has sprung up literally overnight.
Many people today scoff at proof-texting as either simplistic or manipulative.
Many people today see mysticism as a facet of new-age or Eastern religious thought.
Many people today see their lives as a journey.
Many people today seek to discover and explore their own subjectivity and wholeness.
Many people today seem to think that religion in politics is somehow a new phenomenon.
Many people today sense the urgency of understanding end time prophecy.
Many people today speak of different faiths and often mean by that phrase the content of a religion.
Many people today supplement their income by making money on the internet.
Many people today swear by hydrotherapy as evidence by the many hydrotherapy spas around the world.
Many people today take echinacea to prevent or treat colds and the flu.
Many people today take for granted the privilege to vote.
Many people today think of a prophet as any person who sees the future.
Many people today think of freedom as a headlong flight from responsibility.
Many people today think of love as a feeling.
Many people today think of Stalin s horrors as long ago and far away.
Many people today think of the church as a building, as a place to go.
Many people today think that a sport utility vehicle can do anything.
Many people today think that conservation and economic development run up against each other.
Many people today think that revolution is an impossible idea.
Many people today think that the spirit of the Olympics is being lost for a number of reasons.
Many people today think they are virtual experts on every topic they regard with relevance.
Many people today try to build a healthy house on sand a healthy house on sand.
Many people today use a piece of jewelry or a pendulum to dowse on their own.
Many people today use DBAN to identify broken databases.
Many people today use multiple means of communication.
Many people today view euthanasia as a compassionate response to end the suffering of dying people.
Many people today wear a mask.
Many people today wear fabrics such as nylon or polyester.
Many people today wear such shoes, since they are so much less expensive than leather ones.
Many people today work for themselves, either full-time or in addition to their regular job.
Many people today work full time jobs while pursuing their education.
Many people today write more and more about less and less.
More people today are equity-rich, but cash poor.
More people today are undernourished and starving than ever before.
More people today attend sporting events than attend church.
More people today speak it as a second language than as a native tongue.
Most people today are all too happy to protect a butterfly or bird when it comes to conservation.
Most people today are also meat-eaters.
Most people today are ignorant of the racist teachings of the torah.
Most people today are primarily receivers of information.
Most people today are selfish, having a nice place to live, and only think about themselves.
Most people today are willing to pay a fair price for services received.
Most people today believe that strength training is beneficial.
Most people today build a relationship on erotic love as the foundation.
Most people today can expect to live longer than their parents.
Most people today can probably relate to yuppie love.
Most people today connect the term eugenics with some form of coercion, explicit or implicit.
Most people today consider a car indispensable.
Most people today depend on outside resources for their water needs.
Most people today die of heart disease.
Most people today don t know what an imposing physical specimen our first president was.
Most people today eat foods that come from a grocery store.
Most people today feel like they have less time to get the job done and even less to enjoy life.
Most people today find the new materials easy to care for.
Most people today have a working knowledge of healthy eating, exercise and weight management.
Most people today have access to the Internet.
Most people today have an over acid body, primarily from a diet of acid-forming foods and stress.
Most people today have no idea how bad the actual situation was.
Most people today have no idea why the handshake came about and fewer care.
Most people today have web access, and many use it for screening.
Most people today know at least one gay person, which gives the show a realistic edge.
Most people today know little about Denver s fiery past.
Most people today know that astrology is little more than a parlor game.
Most people today know that such beliefs no longer hold for a healthy, productive system.
Most people today lack the time, attention, and skill required for effective networking.
Most people today live in apartments like the buildings on the right.
Most people today live in cities and towns, but farm life can be noisy, too.
Most people today look on the web for information.
Most people today publish using editors.
Most people today recognize that the use of animals under humane circumstances is important.
Most people today regard the devil as nothing more than a mythological creature.
Most people today say that religion plays only a small part in their lives.
Most people today see the altar as a holy place of prayer.
Most people today see the gods of Egyptian and Greek myths merely as fictional characters.
Most people today spend more time watching TV than they do in traditional learning.
Most people today take the results of that breakup for granted.
Most people today think jury trials are a great thing.
Most people today think Mud Creek is too small for boats.
Most people today underestimate how important human rights values are in our society.
Most people today use e-mail and have address books.
Most people today use the Internet for communication, information and research.
Some people today are scared.
Some people today are studios unto themselves.
Some people today are too busy or too financially strapped to spend time working for free.
Some people today believe dieting is akin to skin bleaching and foot binding.
Some people today claim they've found it in the human growth hormone.
Some people today claim to have, or be led by, the spirit.
Some people today have an unhealthy fascination with evil powers.
Some people today oppose all inhibitions and prohibitions because they stimulate violations.
Some people today reject kashrut because of the higher costs involved for kosher foods.
Some people today spend eight hours a day there.
Some people today use greetings in a traditional manner just because others do.
People TV is it.
A people is a group
People .generally prefer leaders who are capable of being followers as well.
People abandon boats in boat yards.
People abandon domestic animals every day, some of which turn feral and become dangerous.
People abandon the formality and prudence of other forms of written communication.
People abandon their compulsions when they exhaust all other possibilities.
People abroad look at the UK with envy.
People abroad tend to feel powerless and are even bored when they keep hearing stories of suffering.
People absolutely love it.
People absolutely love that.
People absolutely love the easy navigation and stellar nature scenes.
People absolutely love to eat Indian River Fruit.
People absorb and retain information in a variety of different ways.
People absorb impressions rather than substance.
People absorb information very differently when they hear it than when they read the same material.
People absorb L-carnitine mostly from red meat and dairy products.
People absorb more knowledge when the bond is with someone they know and respect.
People absorb more lead if their diet is low in zinc, iron, or calcium, but high in fat.
People absorb new ideas and information differently in LA than, say, in Bucharest.
People absorb some of the energy to which they are exposed.
People absorb what is immediate.
People absorb, into their logos shields, the symbolic tools that are necessary for survival.
People abuse children for a sense of power and a sense of pleasure.
People abuse drugs and alcohol because they're trying to quiet their consciences.
People abuse drugs because they suffer alienation, deprivation, abuse, and hopelessness.
People abuse for numerous reasons.
People abuse power and expect rewards for nothing.
People abuse prescription drugs like valium, codeine, and dilaudid, and people sniff gasoline.
People abuse the coastal marine environment by destroying habitats, by over-fishing and pollution.
People abuse the gift of sexuality when they have sexual experiences outside of marriage.
People abuse the service by reserving nicks they dont use, etc.
People abuse their children all the time.
People abuse their privileges and access forbidden information.
People abuse women and children all the time, and they do get away with it.
People abusing drugs often exhibit a variety of behavioral signs.
People abusing people is as old as mankind.
People abusing the telnet facilities are subject to having their telnet privileges terminated.
People accept a little downtime with data, just because that's the way it has always been.
People accept and respect chances.
People accept censorship out of fear, and our most potent fears are of unorthodox sexuality.
People accept change because they see it as a bridge to a better future.
People accept change only grudgingly.
People accept decadence and decay and champion the disgusting and immoral.
People accept each other unconditionally, for their sameness as well as their differences.
People accept each other.
People accept it and have come back into sexual exploration.
People accept it by our example.
People accept it for what it is and know it's fixed.
People accept it.
People accept or reject change.
People accept people emotionally first and justify logically later.
People accept poor arguments quite frequently.
People accept social structure.
People accept that nature and environment have to be preserved.
People accept that risk daily.
People accept that.
People accept the fact that they see things at an angle when they are under the water.
People accept to be exploited as cheap labor by their own elected or self-imposed leaders.
People accept unreliable software too readily.
People Access an on-line directory and view biographies of key personnel.
People access information they want through a common touch-telephone.
People access reQuest in the library using a PC-compatible computer.
People access resource via anchors in page.
People access the federation's service through a toll-free number.
People access the internet to find information.
People access the site and place credit card orders from all over the world.
People accidentally reveal concealment places of nests and of young to lurking enemies.
People acclimatize at different rates, so no absolute statements are possible.
People account for the top five reasons for tree death.
People accumulate a larger financial stake in their homes as they grow older.
People accumulate it as a way to compensate themselves for past hurts and deficiencies.
People accused of child abuse are targets for beatings.
People accused of crimes have explicit constitutional rights.
People achieve categorical equality, but in the process they lose something.
People acknowledge the problem, but there is little real urgency .
People acknowledge their differences in color, race, abilities and national affluence.
People acquire a range of technical and social skills through education.
People acquire and then demonstrate knowledge in different ways.
People acquire another puppy, and they bring the puppy.
People acquire bad coffee habits in Greenland.
People acquire hookworm larvae through contact with wet sand.
People acquire more pets for many reasons.
People acquire rather than memorize a language by being immersed in it.
People acquire skills by practicing.
People acquire the disease when bitten by fleas that live on rats.
People acquire the parasite by eating the cysts in raw or undercooked meat or fish.
People acquire their first and second languages differently.
People acquire their social skills through learning.
People act according to a standard of respect for everyone.
People act according to different levels of empowerment.
People act according to how they perceive themselves and their reality.
People act according to the specific situation at the time.
People act according to their beliefs and material circumstances.
People act according to their beliefs.
People act all funny around blind people and generally clam up.
People act and feel differently according to how they are dressed.
People act and react in ways that change lives forever.
People act as if good returns are a foregone conclusion, as if stock market investing is a lock.
People act as if nothing had happened at the site of the disaster.
People act as if their candidate winning is a life and death matter.
People act as if they have privacy protection.
People act as king, queen, minister, officer and sujects.
People act as remote guests to valid kelp.
People act as their leaders act.
People act as they do because they have been told certain things are true.
People act badly because they know they can get away with it.
People act based upon their emotions.
People act because of what they think.
People act before they feel.
People act crazy when they get on the interstate.
People act differently according to the severity of their lostness.
People act differently around celebrities.
People act differently in different contexts.
People act differently in two occasions, with a lover and in front of a crowd or camera.
People act differently when they see a priest.
People act for a variety of reasons, some selfish and some humanitarian.
People act in a way consistent with their beliefs and feelings.
People act in accordance with the energy levels of their situations.
People act in accordance with their beliefs.
People act in the social interest and there is mobility of factors of production.
People act like it's an option.
People act like it's heresy.
People act like making money online is rocket science.
People act like the only part that is the diet's fault is the beginning bit.
People act like the world is about to end because of a little dogshit.
People act like they used to have time.
People act like things look.
People act like trading is rocket science.
People act more as an idividual than as a part of a group.
People act more on social responsibility than to legal ones.
People act more professional .
People act on the beliefs they have acquired over a lifetime.
People act on their own.
People act on what they believe to be true.
People act on what they know.
People act only in self-interest.
People act out more, regress, and are more sexual and aggressive when no one knows who they are.
People act out plays on a stage .
People act out violently when they feel powerless.
People act out.
People act pretty happy.
People act quite differently there.
People act spontaneously.
People act to achieve their own goals or solve their own perceived problems.
People act up to demand greater commitment from their governments and fellow citizens.
People act when they have something to act for.
People act within an implicit context that affects patterns of work in complex ways.
People act worse on hooch than they do on drugs.
People act, and results occur.
People act, but their actions have no consequence on their current or future experiences.
People actively compete for resources by conquering and controlling resources.
People actively construct new understandings of the world based on their interactions.
People actively go out and look up what they want on the Internet.
People actively involved in the public life of their community are almost always newspaper readers.
People actively participate, creating and sustaining darna.
People actually are worried about the dry winter.
People actually ask how much the penny candy is, buy around here it still is a penny.
People actually browse on our site, and check out new artists.
People actually buy for emotional reasons.
People actually come to sit around and see the show.
People actually dance in the aisles.
People actually decorate their homes with themes that week.
People actually do fight over the most trivial things.
People actually do it.
People actually do surf the Net for recipes now.
People actually do that.
People actually do win.
People actually do work on the 'net.
People actually get checks, and they pay really well also.
People actually get out of their cars and shoot each other.
People actually get to live here.
People actually grow and eat Okra.
People actually have fun driving old crocks without worrying about hauling home a pewter cup.
People actually have great needs for touch and intimacy.
People actually have jobs.
People actually have off days and they go home to their homes.
People actually have the chance to improve.
People actually have the nerve to complain that their vacation is worth more than someone's life.
People actually hope others fail.
People actually improve their performance just because someone pays attention.
People actually improve.
People actually like taking to people here.
People actually like to work on things they can be proud of.
People actually live in the wonderful Victorian homes, at least part of the year.
People actually look forward to coming together.
People actually look happy.
People actually love to talk football.
People actually lower their standard of living significantly.
People actually make choices according to external circumstances.
People actually pay more attention to editorial copy than they do to a display advertisement.
People actually place a higher value on a program when there is a charge.
People actually prefer to spend their time and money on other fun.
People actually search the web and identify sights that fit under various subjects.
People actually see what to do.
People actually stay around for hours for it.
People actually take in fewer calories each day than they did in the beginning of the century.
People actually take the time to enjoy simple things.
People actually use rules to identify concepts.
People actually yell and belly laugh and throw their cigarette butts on the ground with a belch.
People adapt and get used to a certain level of heat or cold.
People adapt really quickly to ice cream.
People adapt their opinions to it, vote in accord with it, and shape their lives to fit it.
People adapt themselves to teaching in their own ways, but good teachers have some traits in common.
People adapt themselves to the conversational situation.
People adapt to changing circumstances-even to wealth or a disability.
People adapt to new schedules at different rates as do the different rhythms.
People adapt to their climatic environment.
People adapt to what they have.
People adapt, and they survive.
People add a bathroom rather than going on a cruise or buying a new car.
People add drama.
People add hyphens, and supplemental ideologies.
People add interest.
People add new pages, take down old ones, and move things around every day.
People add nutrients to fresh water contaminating it so they can get more fish out of it etc.
People add technological comments and the mediate it.
People add their comments to a newsgroup over time, as they find and read others' postings.
People add their names without sending money.
People add themselves and remove themselves as they wish.
People add themselves to the list automatically.
People add value to all of the information available, online and off.
People adding multiple sections to a site can become a co-editor.
People address themselves to the specific allegations in the case under consideration.
People adhere to a world view or theory that is successful in explaining observations.
People adhere to agreements.
People adjust prices to eliminate excess demand and excess supply.
People adjust their goals and adapt to circumstances as they age.
People adjust their lifestyle much more easily to a slight dizziness than a strong vertigo.
People adjust their personal timing to the places where they study or work.
People adjust their routes based on yesterday's backups or today's traffic forecasts.
People adjust to it.
People adjust to their surroundings, take good things for granted, and complain about bad things.
People adjusting to a new culture often experience physical changes for awhile.
People adjusting to changes behave in somewhat established ways.
People administer the figural test for a study that involves verbal creativity.
People admire and respect confident people.
People admire lily pads, and fish in pond.
People admire people who are humble.
People admire people who lecture and publish.
People admire that fact rather than chastise it.
People admire that.
People admit and respect each other's background.
People Admit it.
People adopt children because they love children and want to bring a child into their family.
People adopt higher values as general motivations.
People adopt roles, as coaches, hosts, and cybrarians.
People adopt the children they want to adopt.
People adore anything that think is a smaller or miniaturized version of animals.
People adore being scared half to death by a good ghost story.
People adore the guy.
People adorn their house and take care of it but show a complete disregard for the outdoors.
People advance and regress.
People advance from training only when they have demonstrated the required competencies.
People advance in life for one thing.
People advertise because it works.
People advertise in appropriate groups, and that's good.
People advertise quality when they have it to offer.
People advocate censorship.
People advocate progressive or even proportional tax plans.
People affect the job.
People affected by compulsive gambling are at higher risk for suicide than most other populations.
People affected by drunk driving is a really good cause, so keep up the good work on the web page.
People affected by eating disorders exhibit high levels of harm avoidance.
People affected by such pressures and expectations react in different ways.
People affected by the problem voice their needs and goals.
People affiliate with others through common interests and pursuits.
People affiliated with different hate groups target too many minorities.
People affix the stickers on personal articles like notebooks, cell phones, etc.
People afflicted by anger tend to lose their temper and become excited at the slightest provocation.
People afflicted with beriberi find their muscles becoming stiff and painful.
People afoot and by bicycle, harvesting berries and nuts from the trees.
People age prematurely because of nutritional deficiencies and poor elimination.
People age quickly on the Internet.
People age slowly from Venus.
People age very differently in real life.
People aging from teenagers to seniors are welcome to apply.
People agree it has become unbearable.
People agree that dealing with traffic congestion and the problems it causes is a priority.
People agree that interracial dating can result in a loss of social status.
People agree that it is some of the most tender, best-tasting jerky they've ever eaten.
People agree that it's benefitting their families.
People agree to have a tracking chip implanted in their hands.
People agree to trade because they expect to benefit.
People agreeing to be induced into hypnosis, by definition, want to cooperate.
People ahead have the right of way.
People aim at definite ends when resorting to a tariff or decreeing minimum wage rates.
People aim at the absence of pain and unpleasure and the experience of strong feelings of pleasure.
People allege that no one can predict timing.
People allow it to happen.
People allow selfishness to guide their decisions, and others are predictably hurt.
People allow their emotions to make decisions rather than relevant important factors.
People almost abuse it in some ways.
People almost expect the government to get hacked.
People already are.
People already buy long distance service.
People already come in ever-increasing numbers.
People already complain because they say Oregon doesn t have a sales tax.
People already do want their GoodTV and are inspired by how it's different.
People already feel guilty for their sins.
People already fill a wide variety of roles.
People already give for altruistic reasons and now they are going to be hammered for it.
People already have a bad impression of politicians.
People already have a powerful incentive to do less work and spend less money.
People already have enough remote controls.
People already have other kinds of computers.
People already have plenty of power.
People already have the skills to draw, write, sculpt, arrange, etc.
People already have their home theaters set up with lots of channels and lots of speakers.
People already know about diet and exercise.
People already know about recording life experiences they care about.
People already know how to give birth, anyway.
People already know how to pay for something by mail.
People already know how to treat people differently.
People already know how to use a credit card, so no training is necessary.
People already know how to use it.
People already know it.
People already know the nutritional benefits of milk.
People already know the story.
People already know they'll be working.
People already know what happened and what's going on.
People already know where they're at.
People already receive tax breaks and other benefits for living in the territories.
People already seek information here.
People already sell illegally produced copies of music and software.
People already speed down the street.
People already spend a lot of time alone, even when they are with their families.
People already spend too much time on the road without having their daily drive disrupted even more.
People already suffering from heart or lung disease face a greater risk of serious illness or death.
People already take liberties, cutting through the property and parking on lawns.
People already talk about a flood of information.
People already understand because they have visited the site.
People already use more than half of the available surface freshwater on Earth.
People already use the Internet to simplify their lives as consumers.
People already walk, so race walking is still easier to do than any other endurance exercise.
People also absorb chloroform through their skin and ingest it in drinking water.
People also acquire the infection from mosquitoes.
People also add nitrate to the environment in the form of fertilizers.
People also add to it .
People also add to it.
People also appreciate homemade gifts, and they are easy to make.
People also appreciate our customized nutritional programs.
People also are busy at their jobs.
People also are closer to each other psychically, and psychologically.
People also are critical actors in the orderliness or lack of orderliness in a school.
People also are more important than any rule formulated for their governance.
People also are more likely to take daytime naps as they grow older.
People also are quite unique in the sense that it is a mixing of Asian, African and Arabic blood.
People also are ready for an all-around athlete who can be a role model for children.
People also argue that our country has flourished and is what it is today because of immigration.
People also ask for referrals to other resources that can lend support.
People also ask for the recipe.
People also ask questions about matters of vital importance in their lives.
People also ask which one is better.
People also associate 'good times' with strong growth, low unemployment and low inflation.
People also assume that a message exists for the moment it is sent and read, and then discarded.
People also assume that the world has already achieved the dream of a just society.
People also avoid using words relating to sickness and death.
People also become aware of time and make generalization for the future form the past experiences.
People also become homosexual in prison.
People also become infected by eating unwashed fruits and vegetables.
People also become trapped in cars during blizzards.
People also believe differently.
People also believe that owls are blind during daylight hours.
People also believe that prayer helps improve students academically.
People also believe the media has way too much power.
People also believe there is a direct link between global warming and urban heat islands.
People also bemoan the loss of open space.
People also blink or close their eyes to show displeasure with someone else.
People also budget other resources such as time, food, gasoline, water, and energy.
People also build ovens out of clay or bricks.
People also build their lives on temporary foundations.
People also burn fossil fuels to heat their homes .
People also burn fossil fuels to heat their homes.
People also burn the tapia woodland undergrowth to control populations of silkworm parasites.
People also buy a lot of air in their products, but that's a topic for another letter.
People also buy and sell spells.
People also buy condoms, which are kept behind the front counter.
People also buy stocks so that they can have a part in making decisions that affect the company.
People also call because they're researching their property or their neighborhood.
People also can access other disaster relief web sites through our web site.
People also can access the guide for free on the Internet.
People also can apply by mail.
People also can ask that the flag be flown on a specific date to mark a special occasion.
People also can get a tuberculosis skin test at the open house.
People also can get drugs so easily here.
People also can get information on the Internet.
People also can get new ideas and knowledge from others.
People also can have personal fighter jet type mecha.
People also can inhale arsenic sawdust when working with the wood.
People also can pay monthly fees.
People also can provide heat by carelessly starting a fire or leaving a fire unattended.
People also can register at the local registrar's offices, in the city hall or courthouse complex.
People also can share their photos.
People also can sign up for the club on the site.
People also can take advantage of such items as records and books advertised on television.
People also can undertake new activities or increase their involvement in other activities.
People also can usually see through a phony testimonial.
People also can walk a labyrinth and reserve private retreat rooms.
People also can worm.
People also capture babies to sell as pets.
People also care about the way they feel about themselves after having risked exposing their anger.
People also care about their economic well-being.
People also carry guns in the workplace to get attention.
People also cause bear mortality in both direct and indirect ways, the researchers assert.
People also celebrate the day with parades and picnics.
People also change jobs so quickly that it is hard to know what they have accomplished.
People also change rocks.
People also change their names by deed poll.
People also choose lovers on an unconscious level.
People also collect quills for ornaments.
People also collect toys, books, comic books, and old records.
People also come back for the red cabbage, German potato salad, potato pancakes, bratwurst and beer.
People also come for fishing and picnicking.
People also come for the atmosphere and the beauty of the neighborhood and houses.
People also come for the scene.
People also come from all over the state, and even the country, to experience the celebration.
People also come here for their multicuisine offerings.
People also come here strictly for information.
People also come in from the community shelter.
People also come to pray for the safe and easy deliveries of soon to be born babies.
People also commit crime because of their attachments to their peers, and by wanting to be accepted.
People also communicate through their touching behavior.
People also compete with prairie dogs for shelter.
People also complain about having no social life.
People also complain that they make noise when mating and fighting, and have endless kittens.
People also confuse the vibrator with the dildo, which is like confusing a rhino with a giraffe.
People also consider switching therapies because of side effects or treatment fatigue.
People also consolidate and exert power to kill off other people too.
People also construct meaning around products and services.
People also cook frozen bean curd,Chinese cabbage and vermicelli in the hot pot.
People also cook with it.
People also create grasslands.
People also create new message threads.
People also create self-representations in their everyday accumulation of objects, clothing, etc.
People also deny themselves larger portions.
People also depend on rain to water their fields.
People also depend on the horseshoe crab.
People also depend upon the resources for their livelihood, either directly or indirectly.
People also destroy their natural homes to make way for cities and farms.
People also develop muscular injuries from overuse or from poor posture.
People also develop sensitivity to chlorine.
People also develop tolerance .
People also develop tolerance.
People also die because of pollution.
People also die early deaths from the effects of poverty.
People also die on the highways and in the hospitals.
People also die.
People also differ in how they define the face.
People also differ in how they interact with one another.
People also differ in how they solve problems.
People also differ in their styles, or the way they tend to understand and deal with situations.
People also dig themselves deeper into credit card debt, while ignoring the future consequences.
People also disagree about whether home schooling helps or hinders a child's social development.
People also discuss fixed and variable costs.
People also do a lot of drugs and alcohol consensually together.
People also do bad things with accreditation cards.
People also do many different things to try to get rid of mosquitoes .
People also do many different things to try to get rid of mosquitoes.
People also do other things besides read on the train.
People also do their work in groups.
People also drink to relax or relieve stress and to feel less inhibited or shy.
People also drive into the sides of trains in broad daylight.
People also drive more miles than before.
People also drive without using their turn signals.
People also earn interest from lending money to people.
People also eat doughnuts as a dessert , or as a snack .
People also eat doughnuts as a dessert, or as a snack.
People also eat foods for enjoyment.
People also eat it for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
People also eat it for energy and internal cleansing.
People also eat some types of flowers.
People also eat some types of fungi, such as mushrooms.
People also eat to calm their nerves and comfort themselves.
People also emit acetone, methyl alcohol and carbon monoxide as byproducts of metabolism.
People also employ the shoulder girdle in activities that require shoulder depression.
People also enjoy buttermilk and chutney made up of different fruits and herbs.
People also enjoy growing flowers in their backyards, outside their homes.
People also enjoy having symbols that represent their motto or philosophy of life.
People also enjoy spending time at a nearby shelter and recently built pavilion.
People also enjoy swimming at the beaches in the summer.
People also enjoy talking and exchange opinion there.
People also enjoy the beautiful surroundings and the quiet of the place.
People also enjoy the birthday coupons and the jokes.
People also enjoy the city's fine restaurants and nightclubs.
People also enjoy volleyball, soccer, tennis, table tennis, netball, and track events.
People also enjoy watching professional matches live and on television.
People also enjoy watching television and going to movies.
People also exaggerate the size of some dinosaur species.
People also exhibit systematic errors based on partitioning a space into subregions.
People also experience a dulling effect on mental processes.
People also experience a variety of other symptoms, such as fatigue.
People also experience different combinations of symptoms.
People also experience different degrees of disability.
People also experience moral evil, the harmful act of a wicked person or group.
People also experience shortness of breath, but they can almost always stop it.
People also face a lack of control over the demands of life.
People also face the challenges of adhering to medicine schedules and making lifestyle changes .
People also face the challenges of adhering to medicine schedules and making lifestyle changes.
People also face the danger of malaria.
People also fail because they lack direction.
People also fail to consider total cost of ownership, opting for the lowest initial outlay instead.
People also fall back on stereotypes when they have to rely on their memory.
People also fear death, and they have the aspiration to truly choose.
People also fear that a college degree is already out of reach for many people.
People also feel angina at different times.
People also feel comfortable here.
People also feel incredibly relaxed.
People also feel social or familial pressures.
People also feel strongly about the anti democratic nature of the electoral procedures.
People also feel the cold more or less keenly depending on which part of the body is exposed.
People also feel unsure about the privacy and security of data and information.
People also fence to keep in shape.
People also file lawsuits to enforce their rights.
People also find centipedes under woodpiles, logs, and landscape timbers.
People also find demography fascinating because it deals with so many personally relevant topics.
People also find information by browsing by subjects.
People also find kava to be of help in the management of stress.
People also find new uses for goya.
People also find sites by using search engines.
People also find springtails in unusual places.
People also find swimming against a current more enjoyable and exhilarating.
People also find talking to a counsellor helpful.
People also find the message in their own way.
People also find themselves getting more and better sleep.
People also fish from the beach when there are no swimmers.
People also fish from the landings and explore the area.
People also follow established pathways.
People also forget how sudden the change was.
People also forget the law of gravity applies to the stock market just as much as anywhere else.
People also form study groups, and there are study guides for the exams.
People also gain information from the periodic table by looking at how it is put together .
People also gamble as signifies luck in financial dealing for the coming year.
People also gamble their lives away in worship of money at the numerous local casinos.
People also gather in the street, sitting on cars while sipping a beer and making conversation.
People also get confused about being a market leader and having the best technology.
People also get divorces.
People also get impulsive about stuff on sale .
People also get information from their perceptions and sensory systems.
People also get sick, or have to miss work for other reasons.
People also get the disease when they eat the infected meat.
People also get things sent in the post including envelopes with razor blades stuck inside.
People also get vitamin-D through exposure to sunlight.
People also give off small amounts of other gases in other ways.
People also give their doors and window-panes a new paint, usually in red color.
People also give their doors and windowpanes a new paint, usually in red color.
People also give their doors and windowpanes a new paint, usually in red colour.
People also go in for all kinds of go goods over here.
People also go into denial, which is an instinctive reaction to danger.
People also go to the mall to have a variety of things to look at.
People also go to the temples for counseling and advice.
People also happen to exist in diffuse form across the land.
People also have a misconception about teaching.
People also have a natural desire to see their name, or the names of people they know, in print.
People also have a perfect right to expect the physician to keep all information private.
People also have a terrible intuition of probabilities.
People also have a very low purchasing power.
People also have big parades and watch football games.
People also have choices of sides when they order.
People also have concerns about discrimination in employment.
People also have concerns about the attitudes of some police officers.
People also have different color sensitivities.
People also have different opinions about abortion .
People also have different opinions about abortion.
People also have different pain tolerance.
People also have differing feelings about acne scars.
People also have difficulty digesting food during the overnight hours.
People also have difficulty with exposure to hot and humid conditions.
People also have diverse functions.
People also have drinks in a different club.
People also have extremely positive reactions to sign language interpreters in churches.
People also have family obligations and other demands outside of work.
People also have habitats.
People also have high expectations for the institutions themselves.
People also have higher expectations.
People also have interests.
People also have many different styles of learning English.
People also have minds.
People also have more knowledge about computers and networks and know how to access information.
People also have more leisure time that they spend outdoors.
People also have needs in times other than crises.
People also have problems when they desire things that are inaccessible.
People also have short jaws.
People also have special refrigerated units designed for wine at home.
People also have spiritual needs and hunger.
People also have strong views about fairness.
People also have taste buds on the soft palate, witch is the back of the roof of the mouth.
People also have the option to write in their ethnic identities.
People also have the right to have their medical care analyzed.
People also have their own preferences when choosing bagpipe music.
People also have time off from work during the holidays.
People also have to be very conscious of cleanliness when handling raw meat.
People also have to carry proper identification and stay within a designated area.
People also have to create the business rules for the various special offers.
People also have to invest for their survival.
People also have to practice carrying it out.
People also have various forms of religion.
People also hear about family planning in schools, social programs, and communities.
People also help by laying down nest boxes.
People also help each other by doing volunteer service.
People also help spread the disease by moving infected animals from place to place.
People also hunt and eat African bullfrogs.
People also impose order on the world.
People also indicate an increase in alertness and perception.
People also influence climate, defined as the prevailing or average pattern of weather.
People also introduce new animals and plants that disturb native plant and animal populations.
People also introduce species to new ranges on purpose.
People also invest by purchasing various collectibles that increase in value.
People also itch uncontrollably or have what appear to be tumors on their bodies.
People also join because they are forced to.
People also keep birds as pets.
People also keep saying that the police are racially profiling people.
People also know oppression and they want an alternative to oppression.
People also laugh more and are more gregarious in the presence of orange.
People also learn of the presence of Indian meal moth in the home by observing the flying moths.
People also learn that if they work hard at something it can be achieved.
People also learn to associate certain behaviors with specific elements.
People also light firecrackers.
People also like basketball, handball, skiing, soccer, and a kind of wrestling called glima.
People also like drinking too much.
People also like our cappuccino blasts.
People also like shooting heroin.
People also like the funny stories and swearing.
People also like the incredible views of the city and river from the fifth floor.
People also like their appliances to make a statement, which has led to the return of big fridges.
People also like to collect guns because they're small.
People also like to eat the lemurs.
People also like to get their groove on in the game corner, on the pool table and pinball machine.
People also like to head for the mountain trails for a hike through the woods.
People also like to indulge in pancakes.
People also like to play classic games so that they can relive childhood memories.
People also like to poke fun at politicians and famous people.
People also like to read, listen and watch gloom and doom.
People also like to save junk, often for no apparent reason than to give the trash man a break.
People also like to see who's who, and who's wearing what.
People also like to shop on their own pages.
People also like to show off and they often mistake knowledge of trivia for raw intelligence.
People ALSO like to swap.
People also like to use fax mail.
People also like to watch caribou travel.
People also limit their ability to feel their full range of feelings.
People also live in caves in the fields.
People also live on the roofs of the many high-rise buildings in Cairo.
People also live on Venus in the tunnels.
People also look for counts of mold or fungus spores.
People also lose sources of clean water when wetlands, or nature's filters, are destroyed.
People also lose the focus of whom they are talking to.
People also lose weight for various reasons.
People also love cricket and rugby.
People also love the breakfast.
People also love the historic houses in town.
People also love to hang our angel icicles in their home all year long.
People also love to know what food was served on the train.
People also lump anarchists in here as potential attackers.
People also make a boat filled with fake gold.
People also make a tea out of it and drink it for the same reason.
People also make assumptions about others based on their race or ethnic background.
People also make cabinets, windows, interior woodwork and wooden craft items.
People also make comments which are very rude and offensive.
People also make common mistakes when judging why others behave as they do.
People also make errors in thinking because the human senses are imperfect.
People also make great museums.
People also make hats, baskets, sandals, and other things with the leaves.
People also make many kinds of furniture with wood, like chairs, dressers, tables, and desks.
People also make new plants using asexual reproduction .
People also make new plants using asexual reproduction.
People also make outdoor fires to cook food in barbecues and over campfires.
People also measure temperature, distances and ingredients for recipes.
People also mention feeling of fullness or pressure in the ear.
People also misjudge how others respond to secrets.
People also misunderstand the early stages of a bird's life.
People also move in and out of the pool.
People also obtain gambling money through their credit cards.
People also offer emotional support during times of personal crisis.
People also open e-mail viruses expecting humor.
People also organize themselves into such a hierarchy.
People also pay attention to crimes that happen where they usually shouldn t occur.
People also pay no personal property taxes .
People also pay respects to their elders by pouring a little water over their hands.
People also perform acts of kindness like releasing pet fish and birds.
People also pity the disabled a lot more.
People also place offerings of food and wine in front of an ancestral tablet.
People also plant maples as shade trees.
People also play a role in spreading seeds both accidentally and intentionally.
People also play with gender for other serious reasons.
People also post their search information from time to time.
People also pray for the well-being of their families, prosperity and traffic safety.
People also prefer a home equity loan because of the often fairly low interest rate.
People also prepare ice cream from the fruit.
People also prepare salads in it .
People also prepare salads in it.
People also provide information to the government when they bid on a government tender.
People also purchase long-term care insurance to defray the costs of nursing home care.
People also put steam engines on boats.
People also race from open wheel cars to trucks.
People also race in cars, boats, airplanes and other vehicles, and on animals like horses.
People also rage at their fickleness, their lack of motivation to live, and their weak compositions.
People also raise goats, sheep, and cattle.
People also raise tobacco.
People also react differently to stress.
People also react very differently to exposure of indoor air pollutants.
People also react very differently to exposure to indoor air pollutants.
People also read for enjoyment, excitement or escape in novels, short stories or poems.
People also read, view, and listen to the communications of others.
People also recite the Holy Koran.
People also refinance to convert their adjustable loan to a fixed loan.
People also release bacteria into the air, when they cough or sneeze.
People also release fish into rivers as an act of kindness.
People also rely on suitable habitat and shelter for survival.
People also rely on the high quality graphics of many print journals.
People also remember well-known places or landmarks where they live, have lived or have visited.
People also remove large blocks of habitat by deforesting and fencing the land.
People also report that they suffered from intense itching, heat, and inflammation.
People also resent being told how and what to think.
People also respond very well to positive requests.
People also review, organize and classify the information resources.
People also run or jump over the embers.
People also save for down payments on a home and for college tuition.
People also save natural resources when they recycle.
People also save to have money in case of an emergency.
People also say it ignores some specific issues in certain parts of the world, like.
People also say that Frankfurt focuses intently on mobility issues for the next century.
People also say that the bible says a god exists.
People also say that the books are too violent.
People also say that they are one of the most intelligent breeds of domestic cats.
People also say they 'feel guilty', if they think they have been unfair or done something wrong.
People also say they see things, like the woman in white.
People also seek a Ph.D. for other reasons, simply because of a love of learning.
People also seem to be infected with a disease spread by a bug.
People also seem to be more open about themselves when safely behind their computer screen.
People also seem to do well with simple, one or two syllable names.
People also seem to have an overall fear of the basement.
People also seem to have been taking advantage of one another.
People also seem to learn more at a faster pace.
People also seem to like being scared for the catharsis of it.
People also seem to love the clinics.
People also share genes with other, less remote cousins.
People also shower to cool off in hot weather.
People also sit at tables, sip beers and smoke cigarettes.
People also sit happily on the wide, low railings.
People also sit in different positions during prayer.
People also speak of the new closeness of the human race.
People also spend a good chunk of company time reading, sending and sorting through e-mail.
People also spend their leisure time on farms, orchards, and at touristic facilities.
People also stay very nice to each other in the midst of all that traffic.
People also step on bridges that day.
People also stereotype themselves in order to avoid math.
People also strike objects when bending to file.
People also strive to attain new, idealized ways of being.
People also suffer indiscriminately from the violence of Satan, the elements, and human nature.
People also suffer when they unable to satisfy their limitless needs and wants.
People also take gooseberry supplements for cancer prevention.
People also take in small amounts of arsenic from the foods they eat, especially seafood and grains.
People also take issue with the creation of chimeras.
People also take it for spasms and inflammation, for bronchitis, rheumatism, and arthritis.
People also take their pets to be blessed at the church.
People also talk about acceptance in their workplaces.
People also talk about the social implications of evolution.
People also talk about wings of buildings.
People also talk slower here.
People also tend to attribute others' actions to their character, rather than their situation.
People also tend to eat far smaller quantities of honey than they do most fruits and vegetables.
People also tend to fall asleep - usually the producers for a start.
People also tend to get careless with email.
People also tend to have incorrect views of places and people they have never encountered.
People also tend to look for some explanation for why they have a problem.
People also tend to meet their mates at college, which further increases their earning potential.
People also tend to more forthright when filling out a form on the computer vice answering a human.
People also tend to over mulch.
People also tend to request a one carat diamond more frequently than other weights.
People also tend to think whether rationally or irrationally during depression.
People also tend to under-report certain activities, which can lead to paradoxical results.
People also tend to use wishful thinking for events.
People also tend to vote the way their parents did.
People also think bats are flying mice.
People also think of the entrepreneur as a person mainly focused on earning money.
People also think that because their cat has never left the front yard that it go any farther.
People also think that siberian huskies are mischievous.
People also think that they can change their attitudes to justify past actions.
People also think, understand, comprehend, and interpret reality in many different ways.
People also threaten the hippo for their meat, hide and ivory teeth.
People also throw pesticides and household cleaners into the river.
People also trace certain traditions of singing and dancing to Africa.
People also travel to trade.
People also treat very low and very high probabilities differently.
People also try and figure things out on their own.
People also understand and fulfill their roles and that really helps.
People also use abbreviations to express emotional states or to qualify what they're saying.
People also use accoustic emmision for monitoring vessel wall thickness.
People also use aerosol cans which send out a compound which breaks down ozone in the atmosphere.
People also use census information in their daily lives.
People also use civets as rodent catchers, since they eat rats and mice.
People also use falcons for hunting, and cormorants for fishing.
People also use it for sparking creative energies, or reducing stress.
People also use it to remove odor from cat boxes, as well as toilets and urinals.
People also use many rainforest materials.
People also use more electricity when the weather is very cold or very hot.
People also use nicknames and change their names, address and phone numbers.
People also use propane to cook their food.
People also use rockets to send machines into orbit around the Earth .
People also use rockets to send machines into orbit around the Earth.
People also use semi trucks if they are moving from one place to another.
People also use shiatsu to try to relieve minor health problems before they become chronic.
People also use snowmobiles for competition.
People also use special taxis to travel to and from nearby countries.
People also use study for the master's as a way to determine interest in pursuing higher degrees.
People also use that time to meet with teachers to review work or receive extra help.
People also use the brainstorming tool improperly.
People also use the drugs for pleasure.
People also use the flakes to cut with.
People also use the little pump jars which quickly become dirty and clog up with flux.
People also use the turtles shells as a decoration.
People also use their large canines instead of elephant ivory.
People also use their smartphones to hide themselves to avoid awkward situations.
People also use their voices and the clapping of their hands.
People also use trainers and cheat.
People also use turtles for food.
People also use water for recreation, such as swimming, fishing and boating.
People also use wetlands for recreational use.
People also value the accessibility of the park to all.
People also value waterfronts as locations for housing, entertainment, and tourism.
People also vary in the value they place on friendships and their association with social networks.
People also vary in their color preferences.
People also visit Buddhist temples and Shinto shrines.
People also visit columbariums and place ancestral tablets in temples.
People also visit the area for adventure and holiday.
People also vote for issues at primary elections.
People also vote on issues at general elections.
People also wake up at night while on it and do very very crazy things.
People also walk for recreation and health benefits or for the enjoyment of being outside.
People also watch pages like the job opportunities like hawks for updates.
People also wear thin gloves made of rubber or plastic to keep things they touch clean.
People also wonder whether the samples can be used in criminal cases.
People also work to save animals threatened by disaster.
People also worry about exposing themselves or their children to inappropriate material on the Web.
People also Wrist trade an shower among little former miss elaine clothes.
People also Wrist trade an shower among little former prom dress accessory.
People also Wrist trade an shower among little former prom gown picture.
People also write software that they generally distribute in two forms.
People altering the environment, however, can have lasting impacts.
People alternate between cardiovascular activity and weight training.
People alternate reading from the text and discussing the topics.
People amble around the place.
People amble down the streets, some holding hands- a fairly common Asian expression of friendship.
People anchor on the last part of a service encounter in their recollections.
People answer questions and get rated on their expertise.
People answer questions as best as they are willing and able to do by their own values and beliefs.
People answer yes.
People anticipate food more if they can smell something nice.
People anticipate great games for a year and get let down in the biggest way.
People anticipate likely consequences and learn through trial and error.
People anticipate the future by developing and employing models of what is going on.
People anywhere can be healed , space is no longer a barrier.
People apologise for polluting the water and promise to do better in the future.
People apologize for polluting the water and promise to do better in the future.
People apparently are interested in what happens.
People appear anxious or fearful.
People appear as luminous eggs softly bobbing along the earthly stratum of the energy grid.
People appear concerned about layoffs and the trade deficit.
People appear dramatic, emotional and erratic.
People appear for their vigil visits.
People appear in fact to be reading and consulting more books than ever before.
People appear in sudden clarity out of nowhere.
People appear on street.
People appear selling everything.
People appear so happy.
People appear to appreciate trees and understand the diverse benefits they provide.
People appear to be filled with frustrations and angers.
People appear to be having fun.
People appear to be satisfied sticking with the larger card issuers despite the higher rates.
People appear to be the only serious enemy of the wolverine.
People appear to be treated as interchangeable parts rather than as living human beings.
People appear to catch colds mainly indoors.
People appear to condone the decay.
People appear to differ in how strongly they respond to their own bodily reactions and behaviors.
People appear to differ in their susceptibility to various emotions and mood states.
People appear to have a natural bias against seeing dietary excess as a problem.
People appear to have an enjoyable time with the apparatus and with each other.
People appear to like the refund idea, but it comes at a price.
People appear to respond in different ways to pain.
People appear to sit at wired or wireless stations indiscriminately.
People appear to use drugs for a variety of different reasons.
People appear together with their animals or the plaything that provides comfort.
People appear transformed, caught up in traditions, planning, spending, traveling.
People appear with frayed seams and spilling pockets.
People applaud and cheer when they visit.
People applaud attempts at entrepreneurship.
People applaud strongly as they make their way to the toilets.
People apply a variety of pressures that adversely affect the health of trees.
People apply fertilizers containing nutrients to try and increase plant productivity.
People apply for accounts at a video store.
People apply for refugee status in refugee camps outside their home countries.
People apply for service, then the office looks at their situation to assess whether they qualify.
People apply individually and are hired independently.
People apply the techniques and operate the equipment and programs.
People apply to hunt the area.
People apply to schools based on their head.
People apply to their categories even less now that they are exposed to different ways of life.
People applying for jobs are often nervous and struggling to try and control their body language.
People applying for part time jobs usually like to stay in their area of the city.
People applying for the other positions go on reserve.
People appreciate a consultant who's sensitive to their fears and constraints.
People appreciate a 'real' voice.
People appreciate accuracy and realism.
People appreciate advance planning and well-organized activities.
People appreciate being appreciated.
People appreciate being called for appointments.
People appreciate being notified in advance that someone is coming to visit.
People appreciate being remembered with a phone call the week following their visit.
People appreciate being thanked and they talk about it.
People appreciate being told the reality.
People appreciate being treated with courtesy.
People appreciate being treated with respect and understanding.
People appreciate birds a lot more.
People appreciate both our regional news programmes and our other local regional programmes.
People appreciate comedy very much, though.
People appreciate considerate, personal service.
People appreciate direct messages about where they stand.
People appreciate even small gestures.
People appreciate getting the information right away.
People appreciate good facilitation.
People appreciate good, hearty, basic writing.
People appreciate great looks.
People appreciate handouts but they are optional.
People appreciate having their comments displayed in a way that is visible to everyone.
People appreciate hearing from distant friends and relatives at any time of the year.
People appreciate honesty and understand that delays can occur.
People appreciate honesty.
People appreciate it and it works.
People appreciate it.
People appreciate knowing when they have been helpful.
People appreciate knowing where they stand.
People appreciate links with the outside.
People appreciate new members of the team who have a positive attitude and take initiative.
People appreciate our collective efforts.
People appreciate recognition for work well done.
People appreciate responsiveness.
People appreciate something more when they have to work for it.
People appreciate something they can relate to.
People appreciate special treatment.
People appreciate that almost any organization has to have certain rules.
People appreciate that and want to be associated with that type of company.
People appreciate that employees are open to working in new ways.
People appreciate that fact.
People appreciate that here.
People appreciate that more.
People appreciate that someone bothered and it takes minimal effort and expense.
People appreciate that, and it certainly helps to sell wine.
People appreciate that, because it makes it more personal.
People appreciate that.
People appreciate the fact that it is extemporaneous.
People appreciate the fact that they can represent both their mother and father's race.
People appreciate the job.
People appreciate the music.
People appreciate the opportunity to participate in a deliberative public discussion.
People appreciate the practicality, looks, strong motor, smooth ride and excellent handling.
People appreciate the rawness.
People appreciate the real thing.
People appreciate the timely information about the status of their pledge.
People appreciate things like regular pay and benefits.
People appreciate things that are different.
People appreciate variety.
People appreciate what women are trying to do.
People appreciate when their talent is recognized.
People approach astrologers with a variety of reasons for readings.
People approach lawyers with real fears.
People approach more readily attractive things and persons.
People approach new information in a known spatial sequence.
People approach projects differently.
People approach situations differently.
People approach the altar with solemnity, weighed down by a burden of sin.
People approach the bench but they never sit down.
People approach the Bible with the same sort of confusion.
People approach the building, and go right up and touch the controversial point.
People approach the holy in innumerable ways.
People approach the task of finding the next house in different ways.
People approach their jobs with more enthusiasm and creativity.
People approach their work differently.
People approach what is sacred through rituals, religion, prayer, etc.
People approach writing in different ways.
People approaching the stand see themselves on a large screen.
People approve of attention, while carelessness is always condemned.
People arbitrarily decide who gets what and how much.
People arbitrarily follow material senses, running like idiots.
People are . . .
People are a bear's biggest enemy.
People are a big inspiration.
People are a bunch of greedy fucking assholes.
People are a commodity.
People are a company s most important and enduring resource.
People are a company's lifeblood.
People are a company's major investment, and their welfare is essential to good business.
People are a company's only sustainable competitive advantage.
People are a different category, it's true.
People are a fraction of the animal world.
People are a little bit afraid of missing any move up.
People are a little bit different.
People are a little bit frightened by passion.
People are a little bit like that here.
People are a little bit more appreciative of each other.
People are a little different here.
People are a little different.
People are a little embarrassed by what they perceive as kid stuff.
People are a little frightened, a little concerned.
People are a little more complicated.
People are a little more familiar with each other and their playing styles.
People are a little more hesitant, and some are sitting back waiting to see what happens.
People are a little more positive now about how things are going in Alabama.
People are a little nervous about what's going to happen as time goes on.
People are a little schizy.
People are a little spoiled as to what rate companies can grow at.
People are a little tired to get another proposal with no real support.
People are a little too quick to sneer at acrobatics.
People are a little worried about it.
People are a little worried about traffic.
People are a lot harder to kill than that.
People are a lot keener to throw mud when they can do it anonymously.
People are a lot less cautious when they initiate a contact than when they are contacted.
People are a lot less likely to break the rules and smoke if they can go outside to do it.
People are a lot like animals, and yawning is one way animal herds transmit moods.
People are a lot like chickens.
People are a lot like crawfish.
People are a lot like daytime television in that respect.
People are a lot like eggs.
People are a lot like popcorn.
People are a lot like sheep.
People are a lot like that.
People are a lot like the people here.
People are a lot more accepting than they used to be.
People are a lot more aware.
People are a lot more calm now that prices are going down, but it's never enough.
People are a lot more comfortable.
People are a lot more friendly out of social circles.
People are a lot more laid back here.
People are a lot more open about things now.
People are a lot more safety oriented today.
People are a lot more sensitive about what's going on in their neighborhood.
People are a lot more Web savvy, and they know what they like.
People are a lot more willing to cede the individual component parts.
People are a lot nicer here.
People are a lot smarter than the experts.
People are a lot stricter about all kinds of sounds in the suburbs.
People are a lot stronger and more intelligient.
People are a magnificent resource for ideas, for knowledge, for insights.
People are a major asset to our global dredging and marine construction company.
People are a major source of contamination in the cleanroom.
People are a major threat to loggerheads.
People are a market commodity, expendable and replaceable.
People are a miracle.
People are a part of an economy when they run a business or work at a job.
People are a part of nature.
People are a part of the picture.
People are a pretty strong method of ruining the ecology.
People are a priority.
People are a process.
People are a product of their specific environment.
People are a real mixed bag.
People are a religion unto themselves, a law unto themselves.
People are a restless lot.
People are a significant part of both.
People are a soft touch.
People are a source of support, ideas and experiences.
People are a strange mix of logic and emotion.
People are a threat to society.
People are a top priority on the ship as well.
People are a town's greatest resource, however, planning for that growth is important.
People are a very valuable asset.
People are a very valuable source of information.
People are a very worthwhile investment.
People are a wall of moving stones.
People are a wonderful reference source.
People are able interact with information without the health risks associated with computing.
People are able to absorb knowledge and understanding of all key principles with minimal effort.
People are able to accept and work with change to varying degrees.
People are able to access information about the latest tornado relief efforts.
People are able to behave like modems when they meet.
People are able to bring smaller and smaller objects in that can do a lot of damage.
People are able to build sturdy homes.
People are able to come here and catch a glimpse of things as they are, as one interconnected whole.
People are able to come in and find good jobs.
People are able to come to the stands to view, interact, and hopefully, try to adopt an animal.
People are able to come together as community to worship.
People are able to come together, combine their ideas, and adapt to changing conditions.
People are able to communicate in many different ways it s just up to the person.
People are able to communicate in spite of great distances and look for their soul-mates.
People are able to communicate with others all over the world.
People are able to comprehend and respond to another person's reversal in speech.
People are able to connect, regardless of age, disability, or geographic barriers.
People are able to contribute to marine safety in many ways.
People are able to deceive themselves and numb their pain through denial.
People are able to discriminate more accurately among logos that are natural or representative.
People are able to discuss their home improvement needs with a variety of contractors.
People are able to download or upload almost anything they want.
People are able to express their opinions without the fear of incrimination.
People are able to express themselves through their music.
People are able to feel like real stakeholders in the budget process.
People are able to float in water, because they have a density just lower than water.
People are able to gain respect and dignity from being a contributing member of the community.
People are able to get immediate help.
People are able to get involved that way.
People are able to give what they can.
People are able to handle everything in life.
People are able to hide their money thereby avoiding taxes.
People are able to join the most appropriate union for their job or sector.
People are able to keep our internal temperature about the same.
People are able to laugh at themselves, open their hearts and recognize their spiritual potential.
People are able to learn several effective techniques to identify forgeries and illicit checks.
People are able to lose themselves in it.
People are able to make their own choices as to their destruction.
People are able to make their own plans and investment decisions if they know of schemes in advance.
People are able to meet and interact with others in real-time.
People are able to move around again and commercial exchanges have started in the disaster zones.
People are able to organize things if they want to.
People are able to pay their rent and move their lives forward.
People are able to play with the structures of given stories and create new stories.
People are able to put up with limitations because they expect the future to be better.
People are able to repair churches.
People are able to respond immediately and make a booking.
People are able to restart their lives after mourning and grieving for their dead.
People are able to return to the West and say they recorded so many conversions in Romania.
People are able to return to their regular lifestyle faster.
People are able to share and collaborate without feeling defensive.
People are able to skidoo, camp, ski, dog team and walk easily on the land.
People are able to slow down and say their good-byes and hellos without being hurried or rained on.
People are able to source parts from suppliers around the world.
People are able to speak fluently in languages they have never studied, etc.
People are able to speak to their strengths.
People are able to spend more time together and get to know each other better.
People are able to stand apart from the system now.
People are able to support themselves and their families.
People are able to survive in the cold of Antarctica if they wear the right kind of clothes.
People are able to talk to other people without regard to geographical borders.
People are able to then experience and understand their feelings.
People are able to think all by themselves.
People are able to think and act with a comprehensive, systems approach.
People are able to trade their products with each other.
People are able to understand decision tree models after a brief explanation.
People are able to use odor cues to distinguish the emotional state of others.
People are able to use, adapt, contribute and enhance a project.
People are able to vote from the age of sixteen.
People are about as happy as they make up their mind to be.
People are about the only predators that have much impact on deer populations.
People are absent for vacation, sick leave, and many other reasons.
People are absolute morons.
People are absurd.
People are accessible, and the duties of our existence are so much easier to complete.
People are accidental hosts.
People are accountable for information and answers, and responses to information are immediate.
People are accountable to one another as individuals and to the entire congregation.
People are accountable.
People are accustomed to considering difficulties as something negative.
People are accustomed to different vocabularies, value systems and levels of understanding.
People are accustomed to free speech.
People are accustomed to frequent system changes and unexpected downtime.
People are accustomed to haggling over the price of automobiles, whether new or used.
People are accustomed to having plenty of space and access to unspoiled countryside.
People are accustomed to learning through film.
People are accustomed to looking at map representations of spatial phenomena.
People are accustomed to ministries working with their own staffs and doing their own things.
People are accustomed to observing mirror images of themselves.
People are accustomed to ringing the bell on the eve of every Lunar New Year.
People are accustomed to seeing high quality graphics and images out in the wild.
People are accustomed to seeing the party in power controlling all aspects of Mexican life.
People are accustomed to their little evils.
People are accustomed to watching a performance, to quietly looking as the story unfolds.
People are active and interesting.
People are active in protest, and plenty of people are willing to take part in mass actions.
People are active participants in creating situations and interactions they experience as conflict.
People are actually healthier when they leave, than when they came in.
People are actually scared.
People are actually short on supply.
People are actually there to watch the games.
People are acutely aware of the power of branding.
People are adamantly opposed to cutting benefits and raising the retirement age.
People are addicted to foods.
People are addicted to innumerable possibilities - drugs, eating, gambling, money, sex, etc.
People are addicted to the games, and the promise of something for almost nothing.
People are addicted to the Internet.
People are addicted.
People are adept at interpreting local signs to find the next move needed.
People are adults.
People are adverse to pain, as are pets.
People are advised to cut down on saturated fat and read labels on food they buy.
People are advised to rest and take medicine to control fever.
People are afraid - they can feel the frustration in the air.
People are afraid a rift is coming.
People are afraid about their own job security.
People are afraid afraid of life, afraid of death.
People are afraid and react accordingly.
People are afraid because if they lose their memory, they've lost control of their lives.
People are afraid because they have lost their sense of humor.
People are afraid computers are going to push doctors and patients apart.
People are afraid for their future and afraid for Lebanon's destiny and identity.
People are afraid for their jobs.
People are afraid for their lives.
People are afraid for their safety.
People are afraid it's going to turn academic.
People are afraid now.
People are afraid nowadays.
People are afraid of a new war.
People are afraid of a pluralistic society.
People are afraid of addiction.
People are afraid of aging.
People are afraid of being called racist.
People are afraid of being left behind.
People are afraid of being sick and want good news.
People are afraid of being sued if they touch.
People are afraid of blank forms.
People are afraid of Boolean.
People are afraid of causing anger or discomfort in an established relationship.
People are afraid of change.
People are afraid of civil war.
People are afraid of conflict.
People are afraid of crime, squalor and the attendant depreciation of their real estate.
People are afraid of each other.
People are afraid of getting sick.
People are afraid of going into business because they are afraid to take risks.
People are afraid of hackers because they are frightened of computers.
People are afraid of having children.
People are afraid of intuition because they think it somehow precludes rational thought.
People are afraid of investing.
People are afraid of involuntary exclusion from the hospital.
People are afraid of it and they hide the disease however they can.
People are afraid of libraries and librarians.
People are afraid of losing jobs to the whims of multinationals.
People are afraid of losing what they have.
People are afraid of medical waste.
People are afraid of mental illness, they just don t have enough information about it.
People are afraid of mixed-use and density.
People are afraid of moving into the unknown.
People are afraid of negative effects to themselves and the environment.
People are afraid of or repulsed by the idea of severe handicaps.
People are afraid of overdrinking.
People are afraid of people, but nonetheless have the basic human desire for some form of intimacy.
People are afraid of sadness and grief and they're horrible, horrible feelings.
People are afraid of sex.
People are afraid of surgery and of hospitals.
People are afraid of taking unpopular measures.
People are afraid of that issue.
People are afraid of the having to be the latter just to get at the former.
People are afraid of the stigma.
People are afraid of the sun and a clear sky.
People are afraid of the unknown.
People are afraid of their tough character and use of black magic.
People are afraid of things that are different or foreign to their way of thinking.
People are afraid of venturing into the unknown.
People are afraid of what homosexuality means.
People are afraid of what they are.
People are afraid of what they don t understand.
People are afraid of working to death.
People are afraid that a change is really the start of something bigger and deeper.
People are afraid that the west coast of Florida is going to look like the east coast.
People are afraid the water is contaminated.
People are afraid they'll look stupid.
People are afraid they'll lose respect, status, power, or control.
People are afraid they're going to get fired or get blackballed.
People are afraid to be blunt.
People are afraid to be different than everyone else in society and try to blend in with others.
People are afraid to be evaluated.
People are afraid to be ridiculous.
People are afraid to be too pious.
People are afraid to change or learn something new.
People are afraid to change the software in case it breaks the system.
People are afraid to come into our neighborhoods.
People are afraid to come to work - they are scared of being attacked.
People are afraid to come.
People are afraid to commit, or open up.
People are afraid to complain.
People are afraid to confront the person directly.
People are afraid to connect.
People are afraid to deal with it.
People are afraid to file for workers comp because they don t want to be penalized in the game.
People are afraid to fly.
People are afraid to get examined.
People are afraid to get involved with someone who seems to be always having problems.
People are afraid to get out of line.
People are afraid to give out their credit card.
People are afraid to go indoors.
People are afraid to go out at night, they're distrustful.
People are afraid to go out of doors.
People are afraid to go out.
People are afraid to go outside and talk with neighbors.
People are afraid to go there.
People are afraid to go underground because that is the world their fears inhabit.
People are afraid to laugh in a church.
People are afraid to leave 'The Village' because a body was found.
People are afraid to let their children out of the house.
People are afraid to look inside when they have avoided knowing their inner selves.
People are afraid to make the moral statements.
People are afraid to mention the word.
People are afraid to miss out on something.
People are afraid to report things.
People are afraid to respond.
People are afraid to say it.
People are afraid to say what they think because they're afraid of being called racist.
People are afraid to search out that low and hit that, and say, 'Wow.
People are afraid to seek treatment because it's an offence to abort.
People are afraid to send their credit card information over the Net.
People are afraid to show affection for members of the same sex, even non-sexual.
People are afraid to socialize.
People are afraid to speak out.
People are afraid to stand up for our rights.
People are afraid to take a stand.
People are afraid to talk about it.
People are afraid to talk about liberating their zones.
People are afraid to talk about politics.
People are afraid to talk about racism and differences, or even talk about there being a problem.
People are afraid to talk.
People are afraid to try anything.
People are afraid to use furniture in their bathrooms.
People are afraid to voice their opinion, even to an independent foreign tourist.
People are afraid to volunteer for church and other community groups.
People are afraid to vote for change, they think change is something terrible.
People are afraid to walk alone in the streets after dark.
People are afraid when they don t have money but there are alternatives.
People are afraid, uncertain - and shut themselves away.
People are afraid.
People are after an undefeated season.
People are after meaning and hope.
People are after the look without the expense.
People are again fly rod fishing for little tunny and doing well.
People are again on the streets.
People are against communism because of the control.
People are against density, and they're against sprawl.
People are against gambling.
People are against it.
People are against more services because they see people in food lines.
People are against things, they're for things.
People are aglow with confidence.
People are alike all over.
People are all at church.
People are all attention-grabbing whores at heart.
People are all but slaves to time.
People are all confused and in a real state of shock.
People are all different and respond to different clays in unique ways.
People are all different, and there is no single best choice for everyone.
People are all different, even the countries full of so-called 'nutters'.
People are all different, having divergent timetables in making the adjustment at such a loss.
People are all different.
People are all elderly.
People are all here for one single purpose.
People are all just crazy about the show.
People are all mixed up about the difference between civilization and technology.
People are all over the building doing work for the online sites . . . .
People are all over the field.
People are all over the place on engine hours.
People are all over the place.
People are all over, swerving, passing, occasionally cussing at each other as tempers flare.
People are all relaxed and going about their business.
People are all right here - they're no worse than in other places.
People are all soft and curvy.
People are all surprised.
People are all the same but some have a better sense of reality than others.
People are all the same.
People are all too ready to jump on the back of someone who is the national captain.
People are all very friendly, supportive and committed.
People are all well off and there is no poverty.
People are allergic to a variety of things.
People are allergic to change.
People are almost always busy whenever someone calls.
People are almost always timid when they start sea kayaking.
People are almost embarrassed to talk about it.
People are almost encouraged to drink.
People are almost infinitely adaptable for short time periods.
People are almost unanimous in their unconcern for their souls.
People are almost uniformly good natured and courteous.
People are alone while stuck in a crowd.
People are already annoyed as all get-out with their HMOs.
People are already dissatisfied with the performance of the Internet.
People are already excited when they get seated in the tent.
People are already familiar with surfing the Web.
People are already focused on schools because of the bond referendum.
People are already highly skilled at using speech and gestures to communicate with each other.
People are already lawless.
People are already suspicious of the church's practical value.
People are already there, they already know what it's about.
People are already too alienated and too readily viewed as objects.
People are already wary of investing in flaky people.
People are already weary and cynical.
People are also a danger to the land hermit crab.
People are also a danger to the sea.
People are also a threat.
People are also about two-thirds water.
People are also afraid of a run on the bank.
People are also an important component of the technology transfer process.
People are also aware of the copper mining south of our fair city.
People are also aware of the identities of the teenage boys arrested.
People are also biological resources.
People are also concerned about change in the economic and social environment.
People are also concerned about data accuracy.
People are also concerned about specific areas within the broader watershed.
People are also concerned about the effects that gaming is having on the communities.
People are also concerned that the current system fails to promote self-reliance.
People are also concerned that the prices are up, and the stations keep changing.
People are also concerned with how the device looks.
People are also creative when they sing a song, hum a lullaby or even give directions to someone.
People are also critical of the media's scrutiny of political candidates.
People are also dirty until they're clean.
People are also displeased about continuing construction scenes on campus.
People are also divided from gods .
People are also good indicators to the future.
People are also helpful.
People are also highly complex.
People are also holistic in nature.
People are also in search of community events information.
People are also interested in information about setting up a good home office.
People are also interested.
People are also keen on getting paid support.
People are also less likely to read long messages.
People are also like that.
People are also more aware of preventive vision care than in the past.
People are also more courteous and respectful of the rights of others.
People are also more likely to be motivated to exercise if their physician recommends it.
People are also more sensitive to motion than to objects that are standing still.
People are also one-eye dominant and use one eye only when asked to line up two objects.
People are also part of the Wisconsin landscape.
People are also power.
People are also prepared to pay more for the wool insulation, as it is a natural product.
People are also selective in what's remembered.
People are also so helpful.
People are also sometimes the detectors for a far more deadly presence in the sea.
People are also strong and resilient.
People are also suspicious of the traditional providers of legal information.
People are also tangible resources that are often scheduled.
People are also the puffer fish predator.
People are also unique because they have their own way of doing things.
People are also unique in their ability to communicate on many levels and in multiple forms.
People are also very different, with varying realities and needs.
People are also very efficient creatures.
People are also very jaded from the decline in ethical news and data services.
People are also very kind and helpful.
People are also very poor at predicting long range effects of novel technologies.
People are also wary of the quality of the products and the stability of the merchant.
People are also welcome to bring by any books, CDs and videos that they wish to trade or sell.
People are also welcome to point to the site in the signature block of their outgoing messages.
People are also welcome to visit any current classes to see what is involved in the program.
People are also woefully lazy.
People are also worried about plagues, epidemics and having a weakened immune system.
People are also worried about their privacy online.
People are always a bit nervous they are missing something.
People are always afraid of making the wrong choice.
People are always afraid of the dark.
People are always afraid of the unknown.
People are always afraid of whats different.
People are always amazed at how they look and function.
People are always amazed when they see it.
People are always an issue, of course.
People are always appalled at the mention of slave labor in China and elsewhere.
People are always around in a relationship.
People are always arrogant, judgemental, and convinced of their own superiority.
People are always available for work in the past tense.
People are always being asked how they feel, what they want, what they think.
People are always busy, running and coming, never knowing when they're going to be home.
People are always curious about newcomers.
People are always curious about others' lives.
People are always dissatisfied and hunting for something new.
People are always eager to get a copy of it.
People are always extra ready to be lad astray in times of trouble or uncertainty.
People are always extremely polite.
People are always fearful of the damage a hurricane can do.
People are always free to leave the list.
People are always full of promises about what they can provide.
People are always giddy with excitement when a new personal homepage hits the internet.
People are always glad to help and put the good of the whole society in front of themselves.
People are always good for a look.
People are always gracious.
People are always here, even over the winter break, for research or basketball games.
People are always hungry for interesting nuggets like that.
People are always important to a well run organization.
People are always impressed.
People are always in motion.
People are always 'in process' until they die.
People are always in such a hurry.
People are always interested in enrollment.
People are always interested in extinct animals of the past.
People are always interested in how a composer and lyricist work together.
People are always interested in how others have conquered human frailties.
People are always interested in how things started.
People are always interested in other's stories.
People are always interested in personal stories.
People are always interested in saving money.
People are always interested in the amount of their deductible.
People are always interested to see the chemistry they use everyday and how it works.
People are always interesting subjects for paintings.
People are always interesting to watch.
People are always larger and they are more than their mistakes or their wrongdoings.
People are always least knowledgeable about their local area and the same go s for over there.
People are always like, 'They play hard.
People are always likely to want some form of human contact for peer level support.
People are always mature and immature.
People are always more convinced by a knowledgeable argument.
People are always more effective when they have clear goals.
People are always more important than structures.
People are always more important.
People are always more interesting than things.
People are always nervous about immensely wealthy people.
People are always nervous about their haircuts.
People are always on our site asking for more information.
People are always on the go in life.
People are always on the lookout for a new diet.
People are always on the lookout for new or unusual gift ideas.
People are always on the lookout for sources of advice they can trust.
People are always on the move.
People are always on the run in the city.
People are always on the verge of tears.
People are always on the wrong side at the wrong time.
People are always out and about.
People are always overconfident about technology.
People are always poor in the same way.
People are always proud of something, no matter how humble their circumstances.
People are always quite surprised.
People are always ready to believe the worst.
People are always ready to knock new entrants or changes in entrants into particular markets.
People are always ready to smile.
People are always ready to talk about what went right.
People are always resistant to change and new technology.
People are always responsible for their own actions.
People are always responsive to that if it's something meaningful.
People are always safe at church.
People are always so afraid of loosing a photo.
People are always so turned off because they are certain that religion is restrictive.
People are always surprised at how big our menu is, and it's good for healthy people too.
People are always surprised at how birdlike they are.
People are always surprised by the danger of heat.
People are always surprised when they come face to face with contemporary Latin American art.
People are always surprised when they see a child or a teenager act selfish or rude.
People are always surprised when they visit.
People are always suspicious of their purse-strings, and many are just greedy.
People are always suspicious.
People are always the competitive edge.
People are always the drivers.
People are always the main focus of attention when developing automation solutions.
People are always the most important part of any living situation.
People are always the most valuable asset.
People are always the ones that buy.
People are always to trying to add useful features to their sites.
People are always trying to discover new things, be the first at something.
People are always unaware of their own culture.
People are always very conscious about where they put their alcohol, even when they're drunk.
People are always very impressed with how creative and able engineers are.
People are always very nice and really nice.
People are always wary about overreacting.
People are always wary and a little afraid of change.
People are always welcome to make enquires in person on the ward with the clients permission.
People are always welcome.
People are always what they are because of their attitude and the thoughts that engulf their mind.
People are always willing to help out a charity.
People are always willing to help.
People are always willing to lend a part or a helping hand.
People are always willing to listen to someone's opinions.
People are always willing to pay for solutions.
People are always worried about other people.
People are always worried about the arm and the hole under the arm.
People are always worried about what comes next.
People are amazed and delighted by it.
People are amazed at how much money can be saved by going with a small provider.
People are amazed at how realistic and strong it is.
People are amazed at the speed, but it does the same thing as before.
People are amazed at what an attractive setting it can make and how inexpensive it can be.
People are amazed by the high degree of cooperation in North Carolina.
People are amazed how creative people are.
People are amazed how small are some of the details in the fairies.
People are amazed that a monk is a funny guy.
People are amazed that bright color filled images can be captured in near total darkness.
People are amazed that our campus is as beautiful as it is.
People are amazed that the footprint of the two stages is so similar.
People are amazed they are machine sewn.
People are amazed when they find out the 'secret ingredient'.
People are amazed when they learn about the variety of scholarships and grants available.
People are amazed when they realize they're listening to a single instrument.
People are amazed when they see what the building can become.
People are amazed with their sparkly and flashing appearance.
People are amazed, but fearful.
People are amazed.
People are amazing.
People are Amazing.
People are amazingly bright and can understand what's necessary.
People are amazingly resilient if given at least a little reinforcement for their efforts.
People are amazingly stupid sometimes.
People are ambivalent about making changes in their lives and in our society.
People are among the most important elements in building a successful company.
People are an essential element of an enabling environment.
People are an essential ingredient to the success of any business or organization.
People are an essential part of the social work profession in many ways.
People are an integral component of the global ecosystem.
People are an integral part of every financial process.
People are an integral part of the urban forest ecosystem.
People are an integral part of the watershed.
People are an invaluable information source.
People are an investment.
People are an organisation.
People are an organization s greatest resource.
People are an organization s most appreciable asset.
People are an organization's most important and valuable resource.
People are an organization's most important asset.
People are an organization's most valuable resource.
People are analog.
People are and always have been in control of the whole shootin' match.
People are angry about corruption and abuse of power.
People are angry and afraid.
People are angry and alienated and feel they have lost control.
People are angry and quick to blame.
People are angry and they have been hurt.
People are angry and they re willing to put their bodies on the line.
People are angry at the abuse of power by the ruling party.
People are angry because workers here put in a record-making performance.
People are angry here because they are getting a little bit and they want more.
People are angry, and a lot have moved their accounts already.
People are angry, and they have been hurt.
People are angry, fearful, defiant and seeking vengeance.
People are angry, frightened, and sick of talking about race.
People are angry, real angry.
People are angry, upset, mean spirited, under increased tension and pressure.
People are angry.
People are animals in a biological sense, people are social, people are rational.
People are animals too.
People are animals with more instincts than other animals, and some of a kind that is worth study.
People are animals, but with senses.
People are animals.
People are another important element of an enabling environment.
People are another, crucial, element.
People are another.
People are antsy about any kind of for-profit postings, particularly in housing.
People are antsy about any kind of for-profit postings.
People are anxious about many things.
People are anxious about tomorrow because it seems so different from yesterday.
People are anxious and looking for solutions.
People are anxious and tense and startle easily.
People are anxious for a system that has great effects for a modest price.
People are anxious for answers.
People are anxious for new names.
People are anxious to do something about society's problems.
People are anxious to get back to their own home, their own bed and their pets.
People are anxious to get started.
People are anxious to go on with their lives after a divorce or the loss of a partner.
People are anxious to read the newspaper when a horrifying photo is on the front page.
People are anxious to see the agreement, but for the most part they're happy about it.
People are anxious.
People are any institution's greatest resource.
People are apathetic.
People are apparently willing to trade sleep for an easier commute.
People are appreciative of the gifts.
People are apprehensive at first if they can follow strict guidelines.
People are apprehensive of different things.
People are apprehensive.
People are appropriately hesitant to give out personal information.
People are apt to be deceived in regard to what they believe.
People are apt to be of their guard in proportion as they imagine themselves in security.
People are apt to forget how easy it is to conserve water.
People are Arkansas most important resource.
People are Arkansas' most important resource.
People are arrogant.
People are artefacts.
People are as consciously aware in hypnosis as their conscious mind wants to be.
People are as different as their DNA and so are their reactions to genetic news about themselves.
People are as different as they can be.
People are as entertained by the fist a cuffs as they are by goals being scored.
People are as fearful of losing their jobs as they are with people losing influence and power.
People are as fed up with it here as they are in Britain.
People are as important to business strategy as capital and technology.
People are as interesting as their limitations.
People are as stupid as ever.
People are as they always have been.
People are as unique as the homes they buy.
People are ashamed of their lost sense of control in their lives.
People are Asian.
People are ask to describe favorite local activities, sports, hobbies and sites of interest.
People are asked to scratch each page and identify the odor.
People are asleep out there.
People are asleep, and long to sleep.
People are asleep.
People are assholes.
People are associated with the animal for the year that they are born.
People are at a greater risk of contracting one now than ever before.
People are at all different financial stages so some people have more work to do than others.
People are at different levels of readiness for change.
People are at different phases of how they feel.
People are at different points of readiness for change.
People are at ease.
People are at home on the land.
People are at home or with their families eating, drinking and celebrating.
People are at once both amazingly easy to kill, and also astonishingly durable.
People are at once worried and despairing about the Internet.
People are at peace and contented.
People are at risk for exposure if their domestic pets have come in contact with a rabid animal.
People are at risk of AIDs to the extent that they are exposed to blood and certain bodily fluids.
People are at risk of transmitting from one or more weeks before onset of symptoms.
People are at the centre of the environment in Jamaica.
People are at the heart of all our activities.
People are at the heart of any company's success.
People are at the heart of conservation as well as the source of many threats.
People are at the heart of every great story.
People are at the heart of every successful marketing and sales operation.
People are at the heart of it all.
People are at the heart of our design process.
People are at the heart of success.
People are at the service of things.
People are at the top of the food web.
People are at their best when they are living their mission and are constantly growing.
People are at their best when they are living their mission and constantly growing.
People are automatically interested.
People are autonomous, detached, and indifferent to one bound, committed, attached to one another.
People are available to come into the classroom to bring videos and demonstrate equipment.
People are averse to change in anything.
People are awake.
People are awakened to receive drugs or give blood when staff is available.
People are a-wakeup today.
People are aware and already spending their money with concerns of health and the environment.
People are aware of all that can be done.
People are aware of how overcrowded our schools are.
People are aware of it and are starting to use it.
People are aware of it now.
People are aware of it, nationally aware of it.
People are aware of tea and paan.
People are aware of that.
People are aware of the consequences of their food decisions.
People are aware of the dangers of the Internet.
People are aware of the destruction made along the shore.
People are aware of the difference.
People are aware of the drought.
People are aware of the fact that they can do local changes without fighting about it.
People are aware of the importance of developing a presence on the Internet.
People are aware of the ticking clock in the background.
People are aware of what is going on and realize there are new processes.
People are aware of what's going on.
People are aware of what's what with respect to fair housing.
People are aware of who is sitting nearby.
People are aware that many festivals are funded by beer and other companies.
People are aware that something is wrong.
People are aware that the validity of many talent agencies is questionable.
People are aware that there are many sides to every issue.
People are aware that there is a point where they stop and the other person begins.
People are aware that there is an Endangered Species Act.
People are aware that they can come and sit down to talk to the agency.
People are aware that they have needs.
People are aware they are living on a powder keg.
People are aware.
People are awash with new technology and the rate of change in getting faster.
People are away all the time now.
People are away from their families more than they want.
People are away working, and increasingly the online option is growing.
People are awesome.
People are awestruck when they visit here.
People are back in their homes.
People are back on the streets.
People are back out on the streets in shops and cafes.
People are back out walking and letting their children ride their bicycles around.
People are back to work, but nine to five is far from normal.
People are back to work.
People are bad about sending back tapes.
People are bad by nature, which is why badness comes so easily.
People are bad enough by themselves.
People are bad.
People are badly needed, a camp is planned and there's strong local support.
People are badly out of touch with themselves.
People are barefoot and topless.
People are Basically Bad.
People are basically cheap and they want something for nothing.
People are basically clean and tidy, preferring to keep a defined area neat and free from litter.
People are basically control freaks when given layout or design tasks.
People are basically good and want to do the right things.
People are basically good, although they also have a strong tendency toward selfishness.
People are basically good, but limited opportunities and injustice rankle many.
People are basically good, but they can be corrupted by environmental circumstances.
People are basically good, though flawed, with a tendency to sin.
People are basically good.
People are Basically Good.
People are basically good-hearted.
People are basically gullible, and they are easily persuaded to do most anything.
People are basically lazy.
People are basically optimistic .
People are basically optimistic.
People are basically rational.
People are basically responsible for their own wellness treatment.
People are basically selfish.
People are basically vicious, selfish, and nasty, and the masses are stupid sheep.
People are beautiful there.
People are beautiful when they love each other.
People are beautiful.
People are because of the leader.
People are beginning to talk politics, now the conventions are over.
People are behind the computers.
People are being badly let down.
People are best to judge.
People are better able to deal with such problems.
People are better able to generate their own permanent antibodies.
People are better able to keep pounds off if they combine exercise and a healthful diet.
People are better at language, the arts and emotions that make life worthwhile.
People are better at making really bad music now than they have ever been.
People are better at recognising information than recalling information.
People are better at recognition than recall.
People are better at recognizing names rather than numbers.
People are better educated, too.
People are better equipped for direct democracy than they used to be.
People are better fed and better clothed and, most important, better educated.
People are better judges of their OWN interests than is any body else.
People are better off having an apple as a snack than a candy bar.
People are better off if they develop their own spells.
People are better off in three gorges resettlement.
People are better off married.
People are better off when they learn how to help themselves.
People are better off with free trade than tariffs.
People are better off with free trade than with tariffs or other trade barriers.
People are better off with free trade than with tariffs.
People are better pleased when one grants a favor nobly and generously.
People are better prepared for life with good questions than with good answers.
People are big on concrete and asphalt because that's where the lobbyists are.
People are bigger than the parts that make up the whole.
People are bigger, faster, smarter.
People are bilingual in Spanish.
People are binary - they're in one asset class or another.
People are biochemically and psychologically unique, and the body is unbelievably complex.
People are bipeds, so are birds.
People are bird watching, walking for pleasure and gardening.
People are bitter and confused.
People are blacklisted.
People are blind to the real needs of deaf children.
People are blind.
People are bored because they've done everything they can do.
People are bored on flights.
People are bored really easily.
People are bored with dead dry formalistic, traditionalistic, and legalistic religion.
People are bored with each other.
People are bored with old-fashioned gym routines.
People are bored with their lives.
People are bored.
People are born all sorts of ways.
People are born altruistic.
People are born good and learn to be bad.
People are born with a certain religion.
People are born with two kidneys.
People are born, people die, but the earth spins on.
People are born, people die.
People are born, people grow up, people move, people die.
People are born, they create machinery to call themselves or other people names, and then they die.
People are born, they live and they die and have much going on in between.
People are born, they live, they regenerate, and they die.
People are both a part of nature and apart from nature.
People are both alike and different in many ways.
People are both angry and scared.
People are both consumers and producers.
People are both outraged and incensed.
People are both predictable and unpredictable.
People are both sacred and social.
People are bound to lose more kin and friend the longer the bombings continue.
People are bright and formed social units for teamwork.
People are brilliance and discernment and vision.
People are bring their fountains and ponds indoors.
People are bundles of balancing acts, emotional and rational, spiritual and physical.
People are burned out, they're exhausted, they're lonely.
People are busier than ever and are hard-pressed to find time to see their dentist.
People are busier than ever, and are very careful about how they spend their time.
People are busier than ever, and in most households both spouses work full time.
People are busier today and spend less time at the mall.
People are busier, time is at more of a premium.
People are busier.
People are business, leaders make it what it is.
People are business.
People are busy - just trying to make ends meet.
People are busy and have little time to shop for gifts.
People are busy and have many demands to meet.
People are busy and have money in their pocket.
People are busy and stressed.
People are busy and they're pulled so many different directions.
People are busy and want to complete their banking on their own time and convenience.
People are busy busy busy.
People are busy calling each other, arranging time off from work, and making travel plans.
People are busy creatures.
People are busy doing other things.
People are busy doing that which people do.
People are busy doing their routine work.
People are busy dying here.
People are busy making decorations and becoming very friendly.
People are busy now.
People are busy on the computers.
People are busy online and want to get straight to the point.
People are busy seeding, playing ball, doing other spring work.
People are busy setting up generators while the island is re-wired.
People are busy staying alive, while others are busy exaggerating minor things.
People are busy today going to school activities, working, chauffeuring kids here and there.
People are busy today.
People are busy trying to jump courses.
People are busy with their own lives.
People are busy with things to do, planes to catch, etc.
People are busy, and our product is made for busy people.
People are busy, and sometimes they shop at midnight.
People are busy, and the country is moving along.
People are busy, people are tired.
People are busy, sometimes unmotivated and often distracted.
People are busy, they have lives.
People are busy, worried and tired.
People are busy.
People are by far the centers' most important product.
People are by nature good, but can act bad.
People are by nature habitual and conservative.
People are by nature helpful and typically willing to help others.
People are by nature mostly trusting.
People are by nature self-motivated .
People are by nature social creatures.
People are by nature untrustworthy.
People are by products, somethings.
People are cagey about their true motives, thinking that it reveals too much of who they are.
People are calmer and they are also making the place better.
People are capable of accomplishing incredible, positive feats.
People are capable of being affected by the results of their behavior.
People are capable of changing.
People are capable of deciding whether to participate in surveys and ethnographic research.
People are capable of dissimulating and certain things are difficult to determine.
People are capable of good actions.
People are capable of keeping it interesting with a little bit of imagination.
People are capable of learning at any age, and learning is good for the brain.
People are capable of learning new ways of thinking and behaving.
People are capable of making distinctions.
People are capable of moving to where employment exists.
People are capable of saying anything in front of a camera.
People are capable of slandering others easily.
People are capable of terrible cruelties to each other.
People are carbon dioxide emitters.
People are career.
People are casual about letting the bank own most things through purchase contracts and leasing.
People are cattle.
People are causes.
People are caution in dealing with love and sex.
People are cautious about what they buy.
People are central to our efforts to shape the international environment.
People are central to the identification and prioritisation of their own local agenda.
People are certainly abuzz with rumor and opinion.
People are certainly the key to successful shipping.
People are certianly free to work on getting it running on other architectures.
People are chameleons when trying to impress others.
People are cheap.
People are children.
People are Christened by being brought into Christian fellowship through baptism.
People are citizens.
People are civilized and gentle and loving.
People are clamoring to find images of the New York skyline.
People are clamoring to get on the air and have their opinions validated.
People are clamoring to get on, learn about it, read about it.
People are clamoring to use it.
People are clamouring for power.
People are clear about what they want personally in the coming year.
People are clearly committed to marriage.
People are clearly concerned about what has happened to currencies elsewhere in southeast Asia.
People are clearly concerned and looking for answers as never before.
People are clearly interested in looking for medical information on the Internet.
People are clearly reluctant to change the Constitution.
People are clearly the region's most abundant and most valuable resource.
People are clearly tired of being reminded that it is their civic duty to vote.
People are clearly willing to pay to get access to that kind of information.
People are clever.
People are close by to provide or locate financial, technical and business support.
People are close here, but they've changed a lot.
People are close to one another.
People are closing ranks, they feel the organisation is being infiltrated by external forces.
People are cogs constrained by the machine.
People are coin operated.
People are collectors.
People are comfortable and familiar with a sequel.
People are comfortable and have time to focus on their leaders morals.
People are comfortable at different temperatures.
People are comfortable being passive while watching the tube.
People are comfortable betting Woods.
People are comfortable eating and sleeping on mats on the floor.
People are comfortable here.
People are comfortable in using the print medium.
People are comfortable picking up the phone and calling.
People are comfortable talking on the phone.
People are comfortable with familiarity and a new face is just hard to adapt to.
People are comfortable with the absolute lows put in and looking to cautiously accumulate.
People are comfortable with the familiar and the known.
People are comfortable with TVs.
People are comin' back into the churches.
People are coming back to race days, sponsors are happy and it's become a real tourist attraction.
People are coming in for alternatives to prescription medicine, it's more than just supplements.
People are coming over six and seven deep, the line is continuous.
People are committed to eliminating child poverty and reducing the gap between the rich and poor.
People are committed to finding a way to reuse the structure in one form or another.
People are committed to keeping their neighborhoods comfortable and safe.
People are committed to seeing self determination become a reality.
People are commodities, that's what People magazine is all about.
People are commodities.
People are commonly unaware that they have resist- ances.
People are community oriented.
People are comparative shoppers.
People are competent and have a lot of untapped potential.
People are competing with their compact discs now, for example, to have as few errors as possible.
People are competitive .
People are competitive by nature.
People are complacent sometimes where privacy is respected and people are permissive.
People are complacent to the risks that a serious avalanche poses.
People are complacent.
People are completely apathetic to the flagrant violation of privacy.
People are completely different online than in person.
People are completely emotional about it.
People are complex and many sided.
People are complex and plays often reflect that better than any book on psychology ever can.
People are complex beings.
People are complex creatures.
People are complex entities.
People are complex individuals and in groups they are even more complex.
People are complex, very complex.
People are complex.
People are complicated and messed up.
People are complicated and messy.
People are complicated like that.
People are complicated, ambiguous beings.
People are complicated.
People are compromisers.
People are concerned about being able to walk and be safe on the streets at night.
People are concerned about biosafety.
People are concerned about breathing the fumes all day.
People are concerned about corruption and low ethical standards among government officials.
People are concerned about education, downtown improvement projects, and proposed tax cuts.
People are concerned about future implications.
People are concerned about giving credit cards online.
People are concerned about habitat loss in and along rivers, streams and lakes.
People are concerned about how food is raised and what goes into it.
People are concerned about how many people they send to our meetings and how expensive it is.
People are concerned about how their private data is being collected, sold, resold and used.
People are concerned about how to cope in our rapidly changing information society.
People are concerned about increasing class sizes and overcrowding.
People are concerned about insurance cheating and are looking for a way to help stop it.
People are concerned about it being in their yards.
People are concerned about losing their jobs.
People are concerned about minding their own business, rather that getting involved.
People are concerned about national debt.
People are concerned about outdoor recreation.
People are concerned about pollution, the stench of hog farms and water.
People are concerned about privacy issues.
People are concerned about privacy, censorship, quality of life, employment, access and equity.
People are concerned about privacy, particularly on the internet.
People are concerned about privacy, particularly on the Internet.
People are concerned about public schools, universities, the roads, their elderly parents.
People are concerned about recreation and the source of their drinking water.
People are concerned about security on the web.
People are concerned about several unilateral moves the United States has taken recently.
People are concerned about that.
People are concerned about the conflict between work and family, or lifestyle.
People are concerned about the dominance of multicar teams.
People are concerned about the economy.
People are concerned about the effectiveness of advertising on the Web.
People are concerned about the environment and giving back to the land.
People are concerned about the environmental implications of such operations, and rightly so.
People are concerned about the impact on prey populations such as the elk in Yellowstone.
People are concerned about the interactions with humans and livestock.
People are concerned about the issue wherever they eat.
People are concerned about the low yield rate.
People are concerned about the quality of air, both indoors and outside.
People are concerned about the quality of schools and traffic circulation.
People are concerned about the sale of mailing lists.
People are concerned about the steel guitar's longevity.
People are concerned about the uncertainty and frankly, there is no way to reduce that.
People are concerned about their children.
People are concerned about their children's privacy.
People are concerned about their future and lives as they watch their communities die.
People are concerned about their jobs.
People are concerned about their local environment and strong civil society institutions dominate.
People are concerned about their privacy.
People are concerned about their reputation in the society.
People are concerned about traffic and the quality of life.
People are concerned about violence, moral values, drugs.
People are concerned about wasting water because only one percent is drinkable.
People are concerned about what THEY are like.
People are concerned about what they consider to be excessive growth of plants in their ponds.
People are concerned about which side of the church they sit on.
People are concerned and always have a smile on their face.
People are concerned and rightly so.
People are concerned because cutthroat trout are a main predator on sockeye fry.
People are concerned because they think they owe for services.
People are concerned because they thought last year was normal, but it was abnormal.
People are concerned for themselves and their children.
People are concerned only with their own interests without righteousness.
People are concerned that children are hearing about the president's sex life.
People are concerned that our scoring is off, but defense and discipline win games.
People are concerned that the quality of health care is going down.
People are concerned that the quality of life here in Montana is threatened by development.
People are concerned throughout the city about that.
People are concerned when guns are in the hands of any section of the community and held on to.
People are concerned with access and equity of access.
People are concerned with comfort just as much as fashion today.
People are concerned with growing spiritually and encouraging others.
People are concerned with issues like assisted living, nursing homes and health care.
People are concerned with the destruction of natural environment throughout the world.
People are concerned with the future use of the site even if the site is capped.
People are concerned with what their private lives are vs. what they do politically.
People are concerned with why they have to pay more taxes and why their paycheck is getting cut.
People are concerned, and that's appropriate.
People are concerned, and they are saying 'Wait a minute.
People are concerned, they are afraid.
People are concerned.
People are conductors.
People are confident that they can transfer their job skills to the home.
People are confident that what they get is right.
People are confident, and the rates are good.
People are confident, smarter.
People are conformists.
People are confused about goals.
People are confused about it.
People are confused about new translations of the Bible.
People are confused about the law.
People are confused about their allegiance to their family and their allegiance to work.
People are confused and in a real state of shock.
People are confused and panicked, and the sirens are on most of the time.
People are confused because nobody is doing it.
People are confused because their consciousness is active and their thought is passive.
People are confused enough today.
People are confused on America's highways.
People are confused, almost, because the range of the instrument is lower.
People are confused, and confusion leads to frustration, which leads to anger.
People are confused, and rightly so.
People are confused.
People are conscious about what they eat.
People are conscious of better future for their children.
People are conscious that their health is their main asset, and they want control over that asset.
People are conservative and mostly middle class.
People are consistently supid throughout history.
People are constantly bombarded with commercial messages everywhere they go.
People are constantly coming hear, they come because it is there job.
People are constantly in and out and welcome to stay.
People are constantly in the street, coming to or from shul.
People are constantly joining the community, the nature of the searching is completely dynamic.
People are constantly on the go, but also constantly encouraged to be physically fit.
People are constantly on the move.
People are constantly on their phones.
People are constantly surprised.
People are consumers and producers of goods.
People are consumers just like other types of birds.
People are contemptuous of politicians and are totally uninterested in the political process itself.
People are content if treated fairly.
People are content to believe what they hear without examination.
People are content to sit on the front porch and just do nothing.
People are content to turn over their liberty to gain a modicum of security.
People are content.
People are continually on the move.
People are continuously searching the net for information, they crave it.
People are conventional.
People are convinced it has medicinal properties.
People are convinced that having win-win agreements is a great approach.
People are convinced that they can make a difference and they are determined to do so.
People are cool.
People are courteous to foreigners.
People are courteous, friendly, and helpful.
People are courteous.
People are cranky.
People are craving communicating with each other - they want a place where they can meet people.
People are crazy about basketball up there.
People are crazy about hockey here.
People are crazy about soy right now.
People are crazy about the new millennium.
People are crazy and times are strange, indeed.
People are crazy and times are strange.
People are crazy down there.
People are crazy everywhere.
People are crazy to buy anything else.
People are crazy to take the installment plan.
People are crazy who still take slides.
People are crazy.
People are creat ing new software programs all the time.
People are creative and farm livestock as well as plant crops.
People are creative creatures, and anyone can come up with a promising idea for a game.
People are creative, period.
People are creative, social, and whole.
People are creative.
People are creatures of habit and tradition.
People are creatures of habit but they re also fickle and can change their minds in a split second.
People are creatures of habit so they continue to click-click.
People are creatures of habit.
People are critical assets in every successful organisation.
People are criticized for expressing their preferences in insulting ways.
People are crucial to organizational success and the reason businesses flourish.
People are crucial.
People Are Crucial.
People are cruel to animals for a variety of reasons.
People are cruel.
People are crushed or turned into statues.
People are crying, enough is enough.
People are culturally centric.
People are curious about authors.
People are curious about how to use their new insights in business.
People are curious about human evolution and the scientific study of our origins.
People are curious about independent professionals.
People are curious about nudism.
People are curious about pets in carriers.
People are curious about the subjects that artist's choose.
People are curious about what other people do behind closed doors.
People are curious about which direction the foundation is going.
People are curious about why they and others behave as they do.
People are curious after all.
People are curious and some are . . .
People are curious and they are toolmakers.
People are curious and they want to know, but they are afraid.
People are curious animals.
People are curious to know the lives of others, but slow to correct their own.
People are curious to know the truth of who they are, where they are from, and where they are going.
People are curious to know what way they have voted.
People are curious when they see something different.
People are curious why and for how long.
People are curious, so they watch.
People are curious, that's human nature.
People are curious.
People are cynical and pessimistic.
People are cynical.
People are dancing, the alcohol is flowing, music is non-stop and everyone is having a blast.
People are dancing, the alcohol is flowing, music is nonstop and everyone is having a blast.
People are dangerous things.
People are dangerous.
People are dawn to such beauty naturally and no one knows why.
People are dead, buried under the ground.
People are dead.
People are deaf to it.
People are deep, even the seemingly shallow ones.
People are deeply concerned about the future of the church.
People are deeply disappointed with politics.
People are deeply interested in the human aspect of the war.
People are deeply woven.
People are defensive about ads.
People are definitely confused about what the difference is between smoking and nicotine.
People are definitely more somber walking out.
People are definitely on one side of the fence or the other.
People are definitely open to it.
People are definitely typical.
People are definitely up on it.
People are delighted because of the much lower costs of real estate and the many choices they have.
People are delighted to participate.
People are delighted to receive a document signed by one of their heroes.
People are delighted to see the birds.
People are demons.
People are dependent on such special servants for the fulfilment of their needs.
People are dependent on watersheds for our habitat as well.
People are depressed and in some cases, despondent.
People are depressed.
People are desperate and are frightened to leave their houses.
People are desperate for a new solution.
People are desperate for accurate advice and are tired of being scammed.
People are desperate for any news about the film, even unrelated gratuitous nudity.
People are desperate for food and shelter.
People are desperate for knowledge.
People are desperate for meaningful companionship.
People are desperate over there.
People are desperate to cut and simplify their taxes.
People are desperate to find meaning, when, ultimately, there is none.
People are desperate to get excitement.
People are desperate to get out of debt, and they'll try anything to escape the money pit.
People are desperate to make sense of it.
People are desperate to show their pictures.
People are desperate to talk.
People are desperate, but want to avoid civil war.
People are desperate.
People are desperately frightened.
People are determined to make it succeed.
People are determined to repeat history - even if they do read it.
People are devious.
People are devoted to their studies in school.
People are dickweeds, people can act like dickweeds.
People are different all over the world.
People are different and enjoy different things, naturally.
People are different and have different needs.
People are different and have different perspectives on negotiations.
People are different and learn differently.
People are different and respond to different things.
People are different and so are their insurance needs.
People are different and their experiences of mental illness are different.
People are different and therefore work differently.
People are different and they do different things.
People are different and they like to do different things.
People are different from each other.
People are different from one another.
People are different here.
People are different in a lot of ways, but also the same in a lot of ways.
People are different in fundamental ways.
People are different in group situations.
People are different in size, shape, strength and in other ways.
People are different in so many ways.
People are different in the way they manage difficulties.
People are different in their religious beliefs, and practices within each faith are different.
People are different now.
People are different out there.
People are different people to different people.
People are different that way.
People are different when it comes to making investment decisions.
People are different, and every church is different.
People are different, and it is necessary as well as natural to wonder how and why.
People are different, and their response to individual drugs can vary.
People are different, and there is a variety of ways to approach or study a subject.
People are different, and they react differently to death.
People are different, experience levers are different.
People are different, having different abilities, talents and interests.
People are different, in our estimation, from plants and animals, and are more important.
People are different, so their bowels are different.
People are different, so their reasons for doing anything are different.
People are different, so whyshouldn't software be.
People are different, some are tall, others short, fat, skinny.
People are different, the cultures are different and so is the lifestyle.
People are different, time is different, the climate is different, and the day's pace is different.
People are different, with different expectations, a new pace of life.
People are different, with unique aptitudes, talents and interests emerging at an early age.
People are different, yet online courses are pitched to everyone in the same way.
People are different.
People are Different.
People are difficult to govern because they have too much knowledge.
People are difinitely unique here.
People are diploid.
People are disappointed and defeated.
People are disappointed and disillusioned and unconcerned with what is going on.
People are disappointed and it has to be resolved.
People are disappointed because governments promise much and deliver little.
People are disappointed in Canada as well.
People are disappointed with the lack of flying cars and personal jet packs.
People are disappointed.
People are discontent with the same ol' routine, even though they're secure in staying with it.
People are disenchanted.
People are disguised as animals and animals are transformed into people.
People are disgusted.
People are disrespectful to each other at school again, even after all that's gone on.
People are disrespectful to our cows.
People are dissatisfied with easy answers.
People are dissatisfied with their jobs.
People are dissatisfied with what they see as the arrogance of power.
People are distraught and divided over values.
People are distraught every day in minor incidents across the city.
People are distraught.
People are divided in response to squirrels.
People are divided over what to do about illegal aliens.
People are divided.
People are do very evil things.
People are down here to have a good time.
People are down on lawyers anyway.
People are down on their physical looks and wished they looked more attractive.
People are down there for so many other events besides baseball.
People are down, their families are down.
People are dressed nicely, the warm room is clean and neat with scented candles burning.
People are dressed-up a lot more.
People are dubious and leery of making a big gift right now.
People are duly concerned about property prices.
People are dumb because they use stereotypes.
People are dumb terminals.
People are dumb.
People are dumber than mules.
People are dyin' just for a thrill.
People are eager for books about the Muslim world.
People are eager for scapegoats and easy answers.
People are eager for the gospel.
People are eager to accept any printed materials.
People are eager to come to Minnesota to learn from our experiences.
People are eager to confess.
People are eager to do something, they just want to be told what and how.
People are eager to extrapolate.
People are eager to get their communities back on their feet.
People are eager to get to know different cultures.
People are eager to get work projects to a logical stopping place.
People are eager to have the trees cut down.
People are eager to help a foreigner, and services are improving rapidly.
People are eager to help save black rhinos or mountain gorillas.
People are eager to know about issues that concern their society.
People are eager to know the opinion of developers themselves.
People are eager to know what is cooking on that burner.
People are eager to know what is happening in order to prepare for it psychologically.
People are eager to label or identify nearly anything they own with a sign.
People are eager to learn about new things.
People are eager to remain.
People are eager to talk about the war but are generally convinced that their side is right.
People are eager to tell.
People are eager to try such a beer, but most are available only in selected geographic areas.
People are easier to love when they are happy.
People are easily confused online by the multitude of choices everywhere.
People are easily engaged and less intimidated online.
People are easy to distract.
People are economically rational, allocating limited means for graded ends.
People are egalitarian and encourage the voicing of anyone's opinions no matter how old or young.
People are either against abortion or else they support it.
People are either charming or tedious.
People are either completely good or bad.
People are either for dredging or against it.
People are either for it or against it.
People are either generous in matters of money, unjust or just.
People are either in an expanding or contracting spiral of life.
People are either on one side or the other.
People are either part of the solution or part of the problem.
People are either peasants or unemployed or civil servants.
People are either rich or very poor.
People are either successful or complete failures in their career pursuits .
People are either successful or complete failures in their career pursuits.
People are either their friend s or their enem ies .
People are either trading time for money, or money for time.
People are either visual, auditory or kinesthetic communicators.
People are embarrassed about being shown up among their peers.
People are embarrassed to ask for help or admit they have a problem.
People are embarrassed.
People are emotional beings and make buying decisions though the feelings they get.
People are emotional beings.
People are emotionally afraid.
People are encourage to bring lawn chairs or a blanket and a picnic supper.
People are encourage to submit there assignments by email.
People are encouraged to think that resources are ever expanding when the opposite is actually true.
People are encouraged to think that resources are ever expanding when the opposite is true.
People are endlessly fascinating.
People are endlessly resourceful.
People are energy and time conscious.
People are energy beings.
People are engaged and respected.
People are engaged, so action and awareness become merged.
People are engaged, there's a camaraderie here.
People are engaged.
People are enraged.
People are enthusiastic about results, and a live person translates that message most effectively.
People are enthusiastic to believe anything.
People are enthusiastic.
People are envious and have big mouths.
People are envious.
People are environmentally aware.
People are equal and deserve as much liberty as possible, but everyone gets the same amount.
People are equal and full participants in the community of their choice.
People are equal and have a right to individual freedom.
People are equal in respect of honor and dignity.
People are equal, and are equally destined for immeasurable joy.
People are equal.
People are especially interested in the speed at which information can be located.
People are especially vulnerable to rationalizations when they seek to advance a noble cause.
People are essential to the success of the library's mission.
People are essentially evil and lazy.
People are essentially fair-minded.
People are essentially good, and are bad only when facing extreme circumstances.
People are essentially red meat.
People are eternal but things pass away.
People are ethical or unethical.
People are eukaryotes.
People are euphoric that someone so popular shares their beliefs.
People are even fewer and farther between now.
People are even free to talk themselves into believing that a bad thing is good.
People are even less inclined to read on a TV screen than on a computer monitor.
People are even less so.
People are even more sensitive to windchill than livestock.
People are even willing to go to Alaska to save a few oily otters.
People are Events.
People are ever more concerned about privacy.
People are everything.
People are everywhere - Sources of professional contacts are plentiful.
People are everywhere buying or just looking around.
People are everywhere moving around with a sense of purpose.
People are everywhere on the move.
People are everywhere, desperately trying to finish papers.
People are everywhere, laughing, talking, walking, dancing.
People are everywhere, sitting, ever waiting.
People are everywhere.
People are evil.
People are examples of one way to organize the consciousness in matter.
People are excited about getting outside.
People are excited about having the opportunity to recycle oil in a safe and pleasant way.
People are excited about hockey.
People are excited about it.
People are excited about new players.
People are excited about radio.
People are excited about the opportunities that lay ahead.
People are excited about the program.
People are excited about what's happening.
People are excited and eager to participate.
People are excited and it's a reaction to a positive message.
People are excited and ready to play.
People are excited and smiling.
People are excited baseball is back and the controversies are over.
People are excited that one of their own is running.
People are excited that people of faith are coming together in one voice.
People are excited that things are coming around.
People are excited to come to work in the morning, and excited about the work that they do.
People are excited to have that sort of backing.
People are excited to meet after years of sharing an enormous intimacy about their illnesses.
People are excited, and they're hungry.
People are excited, but they act sedately.
People are excited, enthusiastic about what they do.
People are excited, really excited.
People are excited, relieved, happy.
People are excited, so they have to do something.
People are excited, they see possibilities here.
People are excited.
People are exempt from being disqualified under any of the following circumstances.
People are exhausted, they have errands to run and family to see.
People are expendable, technology is sacrosanct.
People Are Expensive' - in search of new flavours.
People are expensive and error-prone and hard to get hold of.
People Are Expensive is it's second release.
People are exposed directly to smoke via the respiratory tract though inhalation of air pollutants.
People are exposed to the chemicals in hair dyes through skin contact.
People are extraordinarily non-judgmental here.
People are extremely busy and their lives are hectic.
People are extremely busy during the holiday season.
People are extremely cooperative.
People are extremely different.
People are extremely diverse.
People are extremely friendly and it's beautiful there.
People are extremely friendly here.
People are extremely friendly in the Philippines.
People are extremely frustrated and upset.
People are extremely hard-working, and people can solve their own problems.
People are extremely interested in distributed computing.
People are extremely interested in long-term care.
People are extremely interested in the sport.
People are extremely supportive.
People are extremely unhappy with how they're being treated.
People are extremely weak.
People are fairly accurate at estimating how far ahead of schedule they are.
People are fairly mature.
People are fairly shocked but glad it's over.
People are fair-minded and want justice done.
People are fallible.
People are familiar with .NET domains.
People are familiar with boxes.
People are familiar with how to pass a drug test.
People are familiar with it and the work they do around the world.
People are familiar with it, and it has worked well at times in the past.
People are familiar with many bacteria species because of the diseases they produce.
People are familiar with the brands.
People are familiar with the default colors of links and their use is recommended.
People are familiar with the monks and the programmes.
People are familiar with using a conventional radio receiver to listen to programming.
People are famously irrational in deciding what hazards to pay attention to.
People are fans of CGI stars' creators, rather than the stars themselves.
People are fantastic.
People are far apart from one another, and churches are also far apart.
People are far apart, but connected.
People are far better motivated to change if they are given a positive message.
People are far better off now.
People are far from information and opportunity as well as from each other.
People are far less happy than they seem and everyone feels guilty and alone.
People are far more alike than different beneath the vast array of costumes and cultures.
People are far more alike than they are different.
People are far more concerned with residential theft or violent crimes.
People are far more important than buildings.
People are far more important than the machines and software.
People are far more important than things.
People are far more impressed by outward wonders.
People are far more inclined to take a chance on something they can see.
People are far more interested in getting as many drinks in as possible.
People are far more likely to bookmark a site when asked.
People are far more likely to postpone childbearing when they have good reasons for doing so.
People are far more oriented toward some future events.
People are far more patient if they know why they have to be patient.
People are far more robust than can be captured by racial and ethnic categories.
People are far too busy to visit a web site without a good reason.
People are far too complicated to fit into one of four polar categories.
People are far too concerned with the RC here.
People are far too goddamn stupid to let that happen.
People are far too ready to test scripture by what they desire rather than the other way around.
People are far too sophisticated to be caught out in the way that Middle America was then.
People are fascinated with circus animals.
People are fascinating and fun most of the time.
People are fascinating and magnificent.
People are fascinating, process is boring.
People are fascinating.
People are fast here.
People are fast.
People are faster and things just happen faster.
People are fat and happy.
People are fat on bad music.
People are fearful and don t know where to turn.
People are fearful and they are right to be.
People are fearful because of lack of faith.
People are fearful for the future.
People are fearful of conflict.
People are fearful of viruses.
People are fearful that by saving money they are skimping on quality.
People are fearful, anxious and disappointed.
People are fearful.
People are few and far between up here.
People are few in Montana's northeast corner, but smiles are abundant.
People are fickle in their allegiences.
People are fickle.
People are finally open to cutting-edge, contemporary design.
People are finally worried.
People are finicky when it comes to free, free is a good price point.
People are finite.
People are first and foremost concerned with themselves.
People are first and foremost information processors .
People are first and foremost their own healers.
People are fit based on their use of energy production and utilization.
People are fit in after the fact.
People are flat-out excited.
People are flexible and are willing to give new bands a break.
People are flexible and do whatever's necessary to make sure patients are cared for.
People are flexible, accepting contradictions.
People are flexible, but they are also stubborn.
People are flexible, organised and helpful.
People are flexible.
People are fluid, especially in the inner city.
People are focused on learning first and foremost.
People are focused on the problems of everyday life, of pollution, congestion and unplanned growth.
People are fond of decorating their homes with fragrant flowers and beautiful plants.
People are fond of fish and makhana, produce of a water plant used in making tasty milky dish.
People are fools.
People are for being friends.
People are for or against wars on specific issues.
People are four times as likely to volunteer if asked.
People are fragile.
People are freaks.
People are free and equal in dignity and their rights.
People are free from abuse and neglect.
People are free here to ask questions, explore new ideas and seek answers.
People are free to agree or disagree with the opinions expressed in the column.
People are free to be Budd- hists or atheists.
People are free to become what they choose to be.
People are free to believe what they want.
People are free to believe whatever silliness they want.
People are free to buy supplemental insurance, if they wish.
People are free to celebrate the spiritual dimensions of their being in any fashion they choose.
People are free to cheer for one club or the other without compulsion or lies.
People are free to choose however they want to do their genital integrity activism.
People are free to choose what they believe.
People are free to choose what they watch.
People are free to choose whatever view they wish to hold.
People are free to come and ask questions or go and find other sources of medical information.
People are free to come and go as they please.
People are free to come and go as they wish.
People are free to come up with stuff on their own.
People are free to comment about judgements and the implication thereof.
People are free to communicate openly with each other regardless of position or title.
People are free to create their own experiences.
People are free to do as they choose, form groups as they choose, and oppress others as they choose.
People are free to do as they wish.
People are free to do whatever they please with their working papers.
People are free to do with their money what they wish.
People are free to download and use the poetry for themselves and for ministry.
People are free to draw any inference they want.
People are free to drop in then without an appointment.
People are free to engage in whatever they want.
People are free to engage one another or pick up on things that have just been said.
People are free to farm their land.
People are free to gather for meetings, as long as they are peaceful and carry no weapons.
People are free to go elsewhere and express themselves.
People are free to go hiking.
People are free to hang at the bar and talk tech trash for as long as they feel like it.
People are free to have a family picnic, fly a kite or hike the nature trails.
People are free to interact with whomever they think is necessary to achieve a goal.
People are free to join together in groups and have the right to withdraw their labour if they wish.
People are free to jump off of any cliff they want to in our society.
People are free to jump on and off according to their wants and needs.
People are free to kill and rape.
People are free to leave a site and surf somewhere else if they get turned off.
People are free to leave whenever the place starts to suck.
People are free to live and go to school where they choose.
People are free to live their lives as they wish.
People are free to make decisions based solely on their principles.
People are free to move about as they choose.
People are free to move and students to work within a frontier-free internal area.
People are free to move around during the show to bid on items and purchase snacks.
People are free to move.
People are free to post on any subject.
People are free to protest, and they do so often in large but mostly orderly numbers.
People are free to put any information on the Internet without identifying themselves.
People are free to read it.
People are free to respond fully, partially, or even ignore such spiritual opportunities.
People are free to say and write whatever they wish, with some carefully defined exceptions.
People are free to say what they think, worship as they choose and live their lives as they please.
People are free to say what they want.
People are free to shop where they want.
People are free to sit anywhere in the restaurant.
People are free to spend their volunteer time how they like.
People are free to start businesses, but they are also free to fail.
People are free to support any institution in which they believe.
People are free to take as much or as little as they like.
People are free to talk about theories, but that s all they are, theories.
People are free to think what they want and say what they want.
People are free to travel within the country.
People are free to use the electronic .jpg files.
People are free to use whatever gear they want.
People are free to walk in the forests, which cover two-thirds of the country.
People are free to work in parallel yet function as one large team.
People are free to work with their minds rather than their backs.
People are frequently in the chat room discussing various topics.
People are frequently more intelligent in some categories that others, sometimes dramatically so.
People are friendlier here.
People are friendlier in rural neighbourhoods.
People are friendlier when they've had too much to drink.
People are friendlier.
People are friendly and a sense of community is readily apparent.
People are friendly and courteous.
People are friendly and getting around town is relatively easy.
People are friendly and helpful. . . .
People are friendly and helpful.
People are friendly and informal, and the evening is very relaxed.
People are friendly and it's easy to have a chat and a tea.
People are friendly and kind and they share.
People are friendly and love to get to know others from far away places.
People are friendly and more likely to say hello or talk a bit than in Greece.
People are friendly and nice.
People are friendly and offer a smile readily.
People are friendly and proud to be a part of a versatile city.
People are friendly and seem to be in a good mood.
People are friendly and seem to hold no animosity to anyone.
People are friendly and social live centers around pubs.
People are friendly and the atmosphere is laid-back.
People are friendly and the benefits are stellar.
People are friendly and the country is diverse.
People are friendly and the lifestyle here is slow and relaxing.
People are friendly and the pace of life is easy.
People are friendly and the scenery is beautiful scenery.
People are friendly and there are very nice people here.
People are friendly and they're there to dance and listen to music.
People are friendly and tolerant.
People are friendly and treat foreign visitors wonderfully.
People are friendly and usually willing to help out a newcomer.
People are friendly and very socialable.
People are friendly and welcome visitors from around the world.
People are friendly and welcoming to beginners.
People are friendly and welcoming.
People are friendly and willing to help foreigner visitors.
People are friendly and willing to help.
People are friendly and work at maintaining social networks within the community.
People are friendly here with no reason.
People are friendly here, and they are proud of their rich heritage.
People are friendly here, too.
People are friendly here.
People are friendly in general but harsh under economic hardship.
People are friendly out here and can help, most of the time.
People are friendly, and glad to see foreigners.
People are friendly, and it's easy to get involved with a lot of different things.
People are friendly, and teams have time to get acquainted.
People are friendly, and the boarders rip.
People are friendly, and the city is a safe one.
People are friendly, and the food is great.
People are friendly, and there's a sense of community.
People are friendly, atmosphere is urban withfine linens on the tables.
People are friendly, dignified and take care of their beautiful island.
People are friendly, focused and optimistic.
People are friendly, helpful, and generous.
People are friendly, roleplay is wacky and everybody loves a snug.
People are friendly, the scenery is beautiful.
People are friendly, though, and children are universally loved throughout Mexico.
People are friendly, unpretentious, and hardworking.
People are friendly, warm and like to share in both areas of country and love powwows.
People are friendly, with an open-door policy.
People are friendly.
People are frightened by assault weapons because they look menacing.
People are frightened by it.
People are frightened of religious expressions of faith and in their fear they use ridicule.
People are frightened of the possibility of having the government read their email.
People are frightened.
People are from different cultures and backgrounds.
People are from too many diverse cultures with no common language, heritage or religion.
People are front-runners for good reason.
People are frustrated and dismayed that chronic offenders continue to drive drunk.
People are frustrated and they are talking about separating from the city.
People are frustrated and tired of cattle getting sick.
People are full more knowledgeable.
People are full of advice.
People are full of contradictions, and they don t always act the way they think they act.
People are full of distrust.
People are full of fascinating surprises.
People are full of ideas.
People are full of information.
People are full of questions.
People are full of wisdom.
People are fully able to communicate as long as there are structures to communicate within.
People are functionally illiterate for a variety of reasons.
People are fundamentally social in their brain structure and generally make decisions accordingly.
People are fundamentally, intrinsically motivated to do the right thing.
People are funi.
People are funny . .
People are funny about money.
People are funny about statistics.
People are funny about their money.
People are funny in the ways they have responded to oppressive atmospheres and attitudes.
People are funny that way.
People are funny, though.
People are funny, to say the least.
People are funny.
People are furious at being routed unfairly once more.
People are generally a little better off financially, and they're a lot friendlier.
People are generally afraidto think about the happenings after death.
People are generally appreciative when foreigners speak their language.
People are generally better convinced by reasons that they themselves have reached.
People are generally calmer in the morning.
People are generally capable of carrying out normal actions and activities while high.
People are generally clear on what reconciliation means.
People are generally concerned about protecting their personal health information.
People are generally conservative and stick with quite simplistic views.
People are generally cruel, emotionless shits.
People are generally fearful and distrustful of change.
People are generally friendlier and are more apt to approach an officer on a bicycle.
People are generally full of shit.
People are generally good at doing what they like and like what they're good at doing.
People are generally good.
People are generally happy and there is evidence of good morale.
People are generally happy with how things operate.
People are generally happy with what their life is like.
People are generally happy.
People are generally helpful when they know it is for education.
People are generally helpful, just ask nicely.
People are generally interested in working with issues that effect their present life.
People are generally more comfortable writing and reading in their native languages.
People are generally more keen to buy whole systems than just parts.
People are generally more rude and crass, especially with strangers.
People are generally much harder on themselves than they are on others.
People are generally much nicer in person than they are in the lists.
People are generally nice and helpful.
People are generally nice to and respectful to others without regard to occupation or social status.
People are generally optimistic.
People are generally poor and unpretentious.
People are generally proud of whatever they're selling.
People are generally receptive to it.
People are generally reluctant to change their movie-going habits.
People are generally resistant to change.
People are generally smart enough to figure things out on their own.
People are generally smart enough to notice extreme initiation rituals within a few days.
People are generally stupid in the United States.
People are generally stupid.
People are generally supportive of current plans to regulate managed care programs.
People are generally surprised at how lean and nutritious goat meat really is.
People are generally unable to let go of their work.
People are generally underhydrated as it is.
People are generally upbeat about the future.
People are generally very concerned about pollution.
People are generally very friendly and helpful and find foreigners very interesting.
People are generally very friendly and helpful.
People are generally very kind.
People are generally very nice and very politically correct.
People are generally very resistant to change.
People are generally wary of spies.
People are generally wary of the classics.
People are generous around here.
People are generous.
People are genetically hard-wired to make certain associations.
People are gentle and mostly buddhist.
People are gentle, polite and very friendly.
People are genuine and easygoing.
People are genuine moral agents, and they make real moral choices.
People are genuinely distressed .
People are genuinely excited about it.
People are genuinely friendly and proud of their city's beauty and safety.
People are genuinely friendly to strangers.
People are genuinely interested in our collections.
People are genuinely interested in polo.
People are genuinely interested.
People are genuinely scared.
People are genuinely surprised by the consistent clear sunny weather.
People are glad for a chance to be proud of their clandestine literary craft.
People are glad that the demand for mandatory overtime was taken off the table.
People are glad they're able to have the chance to see it.
People are glad to be there.
People are glad to have the Mississippi.
People are glad to share anything they feel they have an abundance of.
People are glad to work on a winning team.
People are goal oriented and they want to succeed.
People are goal-oriented beings.
People are godless and wicked.
People are going around screaming, they have lost hope, they are in despair.
People are going into nursing homes older, nursing home administrators say.
People are going on the pager too soon, it can be very overwhelming.
People are going to be moving around, it's just the nature of the industry.
People are going to communities because they have a sense of character, they show their heritage.
People are going to get high, that's a fact.
People are going to hit that curveball, it's a mistake.
People are going to listen to what they want, that's just a fact.
People are going to pay that kind of money, people expect instant results.
People are going to say whatever they want, it's human nature.
People are going to say, think and believe whatever they want to.
People are going to use drugs anyway, the reasoning goes.
People are gong to be open to influence and the lies.
People are gonna do what they wanna do anyway.
People are good and decent.
People are good at bungling things themselves.
People are good at filling in the blanks in a sentence.
People are good at finding things in the real world.
People are good at putting on false expressions and can become highly skilled at doing so.
People are good at what they like and usually like what they are good at.
People are good conductors.
People are good everywhere.
People are good guys or bad guys.
People are good if they're getting it now.
People are good or bad.
People are good, but they are a bit too skinny to be satisfying.
People are good, kind, generous and interesting the world over.
People are good, kind, understanding and always forgiving.
People are good.
People are graphically oriented.
People are grateful for our help.
People are grateful for the food aid they are now getting.
People are grateful for the value.
People are grateful to hear the truth.
People are great.
People are greedy and lazy.
People are greedy and like to believe that they can get something for nothing.
People are greedy and want something for nothing.
People are greedy, too.
People are greedy.
People are gregarious by nature.
People are grief-stricken, enraged and tense.
People are grumpy.
People are guilty of committing moral wrongdoing and evil.
People are gullible saps.
People are half asleep and want to remain that way.
People are happier and therefore healthier when in contact with other living things.
People are happier coming to work when they know that they are wanted and appreciated.
People are happier in their work if they have control over what they do.
People are happier when they do that.
People are happier when they have the freedom and flexibility they desire.
People are happier when working on farms that implement modern technology.
People are happiest in a building where change occurs at all time scales, from weeks to centuries.
People are happiest when there are other people around.
People are happy and excited about supporting.
People are happy and smiling and it s difficult to be sad in that kind of crowd.
People are happy and so are the kids.
People are happy and they want to be here.
People are happy around here.
People are happy at work now.
People are happy because the winter has finally ended.
People are happy for the time off but that's about it.
People are happy here.
People are happy to be here.
People are happy to be there.
People are happy to be treated responsibly.
People are happy to do it.
People are happy to get good results with less strain.
People are happy to go into work.
People are happy to have relative peace.
People are happy to help others if they can.
People are happy to pay the price if they can see the value.
People are happy to see the 'boys in blue' return.
People are happy to stop watching a programme and start buying a product.
People are happy to tell time and it is okay to ask anyone for time.
People are happy when the children play well but get utterly bewildered when there is trouble.
People are happy when their work and play spaces duplicate features of the ancestral African plain.
People are happy when they create, or when they feel their job is fulfilling.
People are happy with it.
People are happy with the efforts that have been made to simplify federal student aid forms.
People are happy with the photo as it is.
People are happy with the status-quo, and no one is working for change.
People are happy with the way things are going here.
People are happy with what they have.
People are happy.
People are hard at work on various commission projects.
People are hard to know.
People are hard to work with.
People are harder to reach and less likely to answer telephone surveys.
People are hard-pressed to get more done is less amount of time.
People are hard-pressed to say just where all the vendors have gone.
People are hard-put to believe in anything.
People are hard-working and eager to create a better life for themselves and their families.
People are hard-working, tolerant and respectful.
People are hateful because of the indifference that churches teach.
People are hateful, mean, cruel, and savage.
People are having fun playing the course, it's esthetically beautiful again, it's open.
People are healthier and live longer than they did in the past.
People are healthier for it.
People are healthier when they get physical satisfaction.
People are healthier, live longer and can enjoy a significantly better environment.
People are healthier, live longer, and are more productive than ever before in history.
People are healthier, they live longer, they're more active, they want more physical exercise.
People are healthy and benefit from a full range of needed health services.
People are healthy and benefit from the full range of needed health care services.
People are healthy and benefit from the full range of needed health services.
People are healthy mentally, and that is part of the tradition and the culture of Africa.
People are healthy, and they prosper.
People are heartsick.
People are heavier.
People are helpful and go out of their way to make others feel welcome.
People are helpless when it comes to their automobiles.
People are herd animals, but now much better connected to the herd.
People are here because they believe in Molokai.
People are here because they really want to be here.
People are here because they want to be here.
People are here because they want to be.
People are here because they wish it well.
People are here for a variety of reasons, often with a lot of emotional content attached.
People are here for many different reasons.
People are here from all over the country.
People are here from all over the nation-from Florida to Alaska.
People are here from all over the world, singing songs in English and French. . . .
People are here in order to practice, to help others, or to learn anything from others.
People are here in solidarity with all of the groups in terms of their issues.
People are here to express themselves in the music.
People are here to express themselves.
People are here to forget their problems and have a good time.
People are here to get a view of the playing field.
People are here to help and the kids do very well.
People are here to help.
People are here to see and be seen, and hopefully to get picked up.
People are here to talk to others.
People are here.
People are hesitant to employ software in safety-critical applications.
People are hesitant to make transactions through cyberspace .
People are hesitant to put all of their assets with a person they've just met.
People are hesitant to replace poor spiritual concepts with better spiritual concepts.
People are hesitant to submit information on the web.
People are hesitant when the returns are so risky.
People are hesitant, however, to give to a faltering or unguided program.
People are heterotrophs.
People are highly conservative about entertaining changes in positioning.
People are highly literate and about one-third urbanized.
People are highly resistant about changes in positioning.
People are highly resistant to uncomfortable truths but love to hear pretty lies.
People are highly selective in what they see in what they are viewing.
People are highly sexed and generally find reinforcing pleasure from sexual intercourse.
People are highly suspect.
People are highly sympathetic to the farmers here.
People are hilarious sometimes.
People are hippocrites.
People are holistic beings unique individuals, developing according to a defined pattern.
People are home, resting, or going to church.
People are home.
People are homeless and dying of diseases.
People are homeless and starving in our own communities.
People are homeless and without jobs.
People are homeless because they are poor.
People are homeless due to economic, social, mental health and chemical dependency factors.
People are homeless, there is often no power, no safe water, no food.
People are homesick, spending the night in sleeping bags, and eating bad food.
People are honest, and there s confession.
People are honest.
People are hopeful and dismayed, fearful and satisfied.
People are hopeful, especially the young.
People are horror-stricken as loved ones vanish before their eyes.
People are hospitable and friendly in a no-nonsense way.
People are hospitable, but also proud and independent.
People are human and make mistakes.
People are human and mistakes happen.
People are human beings first.
People are human which means they occasionally make mistakes.
People are human, and make mistakes, but there looks to be a pattern here.
People are human, and sometimes act irrationally.
People are human, frail, and sinful.
People are human.
People are humiliated.
People are hungry and have no money to buy food.
People are hungry and homeless.
People are hungry and one good word is bread for a thousand.
People are hungry and people are lonely.
People are hungry and people want justice.
People are hungry and poor because the rich have more than their fair share.
People are hungry and thirsty, needing shelter.
People are hungry because they are poor.
People are hungry because they have lost their means to acquire food.
People are hungry for a faith they can feel.
People are hungry for a good bang for their buck.
People are hungry for a life with meaning, purpose, and hope.
People are hungry for a place that is warm and friendly.
People are hungry for authentic experience.
People are hungry for available space.
People are hungry for candidates who offer a message of why the candidate deserves to be elected.
People are hungry for change.
People are hungry for discussion of the forces that affect their lives.
People are hungry for good words.
People are hungry for heroes in their communities, the hero in themselves.
People are hungry for holistic products they can use easily to help themselves and their families.
People are hungry for horses.
People are hungry for ideas and direction.
People are hungry for inner peace and are discovering it in all sorts of places.
People are hungry for intimacy.
People are hungry for it.
People are hungry for knowledge and there is no shortage of willing learners.
People are hungry for leadership.
People are hungry for motivation and humor.
People are hungry for new rock music, especially high school and college age kids.
People are hungry for opportunities to grow into their jobs.
People are hungry for peace, just as people are hungry for food.
People are hungry for personal connection.
People are hungry for power because they want attention and recognition.
People are hungry for reliable information.
People are hungry for solutions.
People are hungry for something more.
People are hungry for something new, something supernatural.
People are hungry for spiritual community today.
People are hungry for spirituality.
People are hungry for substance.
People are hungry for that kind of emotion.
People are hungry for that.
People are hungry for the benefits of flowers all year.
People are hungry for the facts about their candidates.
People are hungry for the knowledge of the unknown and mysterious future.
People are hungry for the living word.
People are hungry for the mystery side of religion.
People are hungry for the truth.
People are hungry for tradition, nostalgia, the outdoors.
People are hungry for tradition, people are hungry for an ageless, timeless truth.
People are hungry here, in search of things to feed their souls.
People are hungry in hometowns across America.
People are hungry to be partners in improving the city's schools.
People are hungry to be reassured.
People are hungry to feel a connection, but they feel so isolated from endangered species.
People are hungry to have some information about what the Bible says about the future.
People are hungry, and hungry to know that someone cares.
People are hungry, lost, lonely, and scared.
People are hungry, neglected, lonely.
People are hungry, sick and tired.
People are hungry, there are no jobs, they see no future.
People are hungry.
People are hypocrites.
People are idealistic.
People are idiots, and films are made for the masses.
People are idiots.
People are ignorant about the colorectal cancer, and they are embarrassed to talk about their stool.
People are ignorant about the disease.
People are ignorant creatures for different reasons.
People are ignorant of all that's out there, on both sides of the issue.
People are ignorant of bi-polar, depression, etc.
People are ignorant of security responsibilities, threats, and risks to information.
People are ignorant of the fact that the mother has to go away and get food.
People are ignorant.
People are illegally transplanting pike.
People are illiterate and are very dogmatic.
People are illiterate, ignorant.
People are illogical and full of contradictions.
People are illogical, unreasonable and self centered.
People are illogical, unreasonable and self-centered.
People are illogical, unreasonable, and self-centred.
People are impatient and call a slow delivery rambling.
People are impatient creatures.
People are impatient with the quality of government services.
People are impatient.
People are imperfect, and make mistakes.
People are imperfect, judgmental, given to emotional decisions, and other human traits.
People are imperfect. . . .
People are imperfect.
People are important .
People are important and action demonstrates that.
People are important for dispersing plants, too.
People are important in today's world too.
People are important to society in many different ways.
People are important, all people.
People are important, especially in understanding the movement of goods and services.
People are important, especially the smart ones.
People are important, particularly on the marketing and merchandising side.
People are important.
People are impossibly strong and fast.
People are impressed with big numbers.
People are impressed with individuals who are organized and focused.
People are impressed with the output.
People are impressed with the positive impact of service organizations.
People are impressionable.
People are impulsive.
People are in a barbaric condition and then they grow up and become civilized.
People are in a big hurry and suspicious of subscriptions in general.
People are in a constant state of change.
People are in a daze.
People are in a funk.
People are in a good mood to take over the fate in their hands.
People are in a good mood, and everyone's chattering away.
People are in a good mood.
People are in a hurry on the net and love to click on things.
People are in a hurry, and the Web relentlessly encourages context-switching.
People are in a hurry, they are nervous, they want to manage to do everything.
People are in a hurry.
People are in a panic or under pressure about home, marriage, work and finances.
People are in a panic over violence in the schools and the government needs a scapegoat.
People are in a psychological coma.
People are in a quandary as to which version to memorize.
People are in a rush.
People are in a state of excitement and awe.
People are in a state of panic and fear.
People are in a state of shock.
People are in a tailgate mood and can come right over.
People are in a thoughtful mood.
People are in a very entrenched system here, and a lot of what they do is dictated by their gender.
People are in agony and anyone who is sensitive to the soul can see it.
People are in agreement with that.
People are in an awful, terrible and tragic condition.
People are in and out of here all the time.
People are in and out of the game so much.
People are in and out of the room.
People are in and out of the system in a long period of time.
People are in awe of the water, woods, and winter.
People are in bad shape without.
People are in bondage to the lies they believe and are perishing for lack of knowledge.
People are in cages and apes give the orders.
People are in closets, sharing rooms and the music teacher is running around the halls.
People are in confusion what to do.
People are in contact with their gods.
People are in cults for many different reasons.
People are in danger of epidemies of jaundice, salmonellis and skin diseases.
People are in danger of getting rabies from feral cats.
People are in danger.
People are in debt for life now.
People are in debt today to an extent never before.
People are in denial of the problem, that's the biggest thing.
People are in denial, and they are ambivalent.
People are in despair.
People are in desperate shape.
People are in different places in their lives.
People are in different situations and have to do the best they can for themselves.
People are in direct competition with the natural environment for access to water.
People are in early.
People are in effect taking the law into their own hands.
People are in fact striving for meaning and spirituality.
People are in favor of progress.
People are in fear because of increased crime.
People are in fear of people.
People are in fear threat of further tremors and choosing to camp outside their homes.
People are in fear, anxiety and disappointment.
People are in for a ride .
People are in hell before they die.
People are in hell when they have low self-esteem.
People are in homeless shelters, children are crying, people are upset.
People are in hunger everywhere.
People are in it because they love it.
People are in it to feel a release from tension and anxiety.
People are in jail because they did something that got negatively acknowledged.
People are in jail, and the public needs to know whether that is right.
People are in Jail.
People are in line at it constantly.
People are in line to obtain a teaching job.
People are in love with mermaids as they have been for centuries.
People are in love with paper.
People are in love with the horse in America.
People are in love with their own names, and, ofttimes, it is the key to their heart.
People are in love with their own selves, and covetousness rules.
People are in many ways working against globalisation.
People are in more of a rush.
People are in motion spiritually.
People are in much the same situation.
People are in no hurry here, enjoying the moment.
People are in no way detained for anything other than road traffic matters.
People are in no way encouraged to capture turtles from the wild for the race.
People are in pain and trouble on every hand.
People are in pain, emotionally and socially and psychologically.
People are in pain.
People are in plentiful supply.
People are in power, power to the people.
People are in prison, are naked and are hungry.
People are in prison.
People are in queue waiting to place their breakfast order through a window to the kitchen.
People are in real dire straits.
People are in search for a meaning and a purpose.
People are in shock and go into automatic pilot.
People are in shock right now.
People are in shock.
People are in sort of a disbelief at the traffic that travels on the two-lane street through here.
People are in such a hurry all the time.
People are in such bad condition they have heart problems and brain defects due to lack of protein.
People are in tears, it's so funny.
People are in that they can manage how they bring themselves to their time available.
People are in the aisles from the minute the plane takes off.
People are in the area offering to apply a shingle oil on their roofs.
People are in the capitol, so they feel obliged to work.
People are in the dark.
People are in the habit of buying things that way.
People are in the holiday spirit.
People are in the park to enjoy themselves.
People are in the process of adapting to changing technologies by retraining.
People are in the right places.
People are in the same situation.
People are in the water.
People are in their nightclothes watching television.
People are in there changing things all the time.
People are in there combing their hair, putting on makeup and using the toilet.
People are in too much of a hurry.
People are in touch.
People are in transit, new places, new friends, new buildings.
People are in transition from being colonized to being free.
People are in want.
People are inauthentic, incomplete, and estranged from themselves.
People are incapable of ignoring a slide projected on a screen.
People are incapable of making that distinction.
People are incapable of reasoning well without logic.
People are inclined to believe the worst of subordinate, excluded social groups.
People are inclined to go with what the chairman says.
People are inclined to know more instead of to judge more.
People are inclined to say that's just politics.
People are inclined to say, 'OK, customer disability,' and they see the wheelchair user.
People are inconsistent.
People are incorrect to compare a director to an author.
People are increasingly afraid of their government.
People are increasingly aware of the effects of diet, exercise, and genetic factors on their health.
People are increasingly aware that the environment is at risk as never before.
People are increasingly comfortable with substituting representations of reality for the real.
People are increasingly committed to protecting the environment.
People are increasingly concerned about the safety of the water resources.
People are increasingly dependent on IT for their work.
People are increasingly eager to use computers to prepare and file their taxes.
People are increasingly interested in learning of their ancestors and their relationships.
People are increasingly mistrustful of big science and big business.
People are increasingly mobile.
People are increasingly receptive to the gospel.
People are increasingly unwilling to come out at night to a tent meeting.
People are increasingly worried about health issues.
People are incredibly adaptable, yet at the same time, they are incredibly resistant to change.
People are incredibly bizarre when it comes to spending money.
People are incredibly fascinating to watch.
People are incredibly impressed.
People are incredibly nice here.
People are incredibly optimistic.
People are incredibly upset.
People are indeed a company's greatest asset.
People are indeed people.
People are indeed sick and tired of corporate mono-culture.
People are indeed stingy.
People are indeed, creatures of habit.
People are independent and self-sufficient.
People are indeterministically unreliable.
People are indifferent in the postmodern world.
People are indifferent.
People are indispensable in world missions, but people alone are useless in world missions.
People are individualists.
People are individually responsible for creating the lives they lead.
People are individuals and trends are just that.
People are individuals with different perspectives and methods.
People are individuals, and each person has different needs.
People are individuals, as well as being members ofa particular group, sex, country or religion.
People are individuals, groups, and animals that instigate actions.
People are individuals, no matter which historical period they happen to live in.
People are individuals, some good, some bad.
People are individuals, they respond differently. . . .
People are individuals.
People are inert by nature.
People are infectious as long as they have ulcers.
People are infectious while symptoms are present and up to four days after diarrhea has stopped.
People are infinitely more relaxed about relaxing in Germany than in America.
People are influenced by their environment.
People are ingenuous and creative for their own purposes.
People are inherantly lazy.
People are inherantly stupid.
People are inherently curious.
People are inherently evil and self-centered.
People are inherently good.
People are inherently stupid.
People are inherently territorial.
People are inherently worthy.
People are innately selfish, especially where food is involved.
People are innately theatrical.
People are innocent until proven guilty here.
People are innocent until proven guilty.
People are inquiring about stolen automobiles, insurance companies inquire about stolen automobiles.
People are inquisitive.
People are insane.
People are insecure because they have no control over themselves or their environment, or both.
People are inspired by space travel and planetary science.
People are intelligent enough to evaluate the source of an anonymous writing.
People are intelligent when they do what they do to survive.
People are intelligent, machines are tools.
People are intelligent.
People are intense.
People are intensly loyal.
People are interdependent with others in the group, giving priority to the goals of their in-groups.
People are interdependent.
People are interested and ask about it.
People are interested enough to want to show the slide show to their own church.
People are interested in a range of issues.
People are interested in being a little closer to neutral on the way into the meeting.
People are interested in birds.
People are interested in buffers for a variety of reasons, and popularity seems only to be growing.
People are interested in creating more than a home, they want a lifestyle.
People are interested in different things.
People are interested in dinosaurs now .
People are interested in effectiveness.
People are interested in extra-terrestrial life.
People are interested in fighting our corner.
People are interested in finding new things.
People are interested in having relationships with others who are similar to themselves.
People are interested in hearing new stuff from the studio.
People are interested in how their federal dollars are being used.
People are interested in human rights issues.
People are interested in humans and their relationship to climate change.
People are interested in imported products.
People are interested in it, but no ground has been broken.
People are interested in Jewish art in their home.
People are interested in learning more about biotechnology.
People are interested in looking at all three.
People are interested in melding spirituality with high-tech advantages of medicine.
People are interested in more.
People are interested in moving on and getting a degree beyond that.
People are interested in national politics too.
People are interested in Oregon now because of what's happening in business.
People are interested in other people.
People are interested in people.
People are interested in planting a few bushes.
People are interested in points, rankings, and records.
People are interested in politics, which is. . .
People are interested in promoting Utah.
People are interested in questions of origins.
People are interested in replacing more axioms by fewer axioms, especially shorter axioms.
People are interested in saving their jobs and improving their working conditions.
People are interested in schools.
People are interested in staying healthy.
People are interested in teasmades for many different reasons.
People are interested in that information.
People are interested in that stuff.
People are interested in the achievements of political parties.
People are interested in the compliance status of local companies.
People are interested in the environment until it costs some extra money.
People are interested in the importance of finding one's spiritual identity and a change of heart.
People are interested in the past and the artifacts associated with it.
People are interested in the security and reduction in maintenance.
People are interested in the sight of a cute puppy happily dancing along in harness.
People are interested in the unknown.
People are interested in themselves.
People are interested in traditional umiaks, and possible future evolutions too.
People are interested in trying to find out what's going on out there.
People are interested in UFOs, perhaps for the wrong reason, but they are interested.
People are interested in voting on local issues.
People are interested in what other people are doing.
People are interested in what others have to say - they are just shy about posting.
People are interested in what others say and do.
People are interested in what the boy has to say.
People are interested in what's between the characters.
People are interested to try it, and when they do they like it.
People are interested, however, and customers and employees alike share an intense sense of loss.
People are interested.
People are interesting animals.
People are interesting.
People are intimate strangers to one another.
People are into being natural up here and are free to create whatever they want to be and look like.
People are into buy, buy, buy.
People are into chickens.
People are into convenience and they're into computers.
People are into feasts here.
People are into music here, creatively.
People are into spice.
People are into the garagey kind of rock, but nothing definitive as big beat.
People are into writing small web browsers.
People are intriguing, and organizations are, well, frequently a pain in the neck.
People are intrinsic and indispensable to the mission of a place of learning.
People are intrinsically motivated to reduce inconsistent cognitions.
People are intrinsically priceless.
People are invariably friendly and conversational, and the hour passes quickly.
People are inventive.
People are inventors of evil things.
People are invisible to each other on the web.
People are involved and interested, and there are no signs of boredom.
People are irrational, so forget 'em.
People are irrelevant.
People are irresponsible.
People are irritable, confused or apathetic.
People are jealous by nature.
People are jealous of it and they admire it.
People are jealous of the wealth they think sportsmen have.
People are jealous.
People are jerks.
People are judgmental about looks.
People are juggling numerous demands for family and work, even fading leisure time is a struggle.
People are jumpy, and they have a right to be jumpy.
People are just a bit concerned about the pupal skins on the trees.
People are just a little bit more tight with their money.
People are just a whole lot mellower.
People are just about as happy as they are willing to be.
People are just about as happy as they make up their minds to be.
People are just about bothered about TRPs.
People are just afraid to give it a name and challenge it.
People are just afraid to park down here because of all the truck traffic.
People are just amazed and delighted to discover that they can actually stop worrying in bed.
People are just an inconvenience.
People are just angry.
People are just as happy as they make up their minds to be.
People are just as passionate about their academics as their social lives.
People are just as wonder filled as things.
People are just awestruck by the banality of the commercial.
People are just awful.
People are just back to normal.
People are just bags of guts to grease the machine.
People are just bored with listening to 'em.
People are just complaining more, that's all.
People are just concerned.
People are just crazy right now.
People are just critical and contrary.
People are just curious about it.
People are just die-hard loyal to their drivers.
People are just different in basic ways.
People are just different.
People are just disgusted.
People are just ecstatic.
People are just excited to be back at school.
People are just flat-out happy to be here.
People are just fuckers sometimes.
People are just genuinely glad to be able to help.
People are just ignorant today.
People are just ignorant.
People are just impatient.
People are just in a hurry.
People are just insatiable.
People are just joyous.
People are just kind of angry.
People are just less concerned with price.
People are just like cockroaches.
People are just like that.
People are just more careful now.
People are just more fun to party with.
People are just more in a hurry than in the past.
People are just natural collectors.
People are just naturally resistant to being persuaded.
People are just nervous.
People are just nice and very helpful.
People are just nuts.
People are just often suspicious of what's free.
People are just on top of each other.
People are just out for themselves.
People are just out to enjoy good music.
People are just overwhelmed and turned off by the endless campaign.
People are just part of Scotland's advantage.
People are just people, no matter what they do, or who they are.
People are just people, regardless of gender.
People are just people.
People are just perennially interested in things having to do with sex.
People are just picky.
People are just plain angry at their spouses.
People are just plain interesting.
People are just plain scared of technology stocks.
People are just plain tired of being interupted.
People are just pleased to get questions answered.
People are just protective of their work.
People are just really scared of the market right now.
People are just really, really into the show.
People are just rude sometimes.
People are just ruder on the Internet.
People are just sexual, the prefix is immaterial.
People are just shocked when they see it.
People are just sick and tired of being bothered.
People are just sick and tired of the way they are being treated.
People are just sick of it.
People are just sick of the charade.
People are just sick of using condoms.
People are just sick.
People are just so at ease, comfortable, and it's easy.
People are just so busy.
People are just so cool.
People are just so darn skeptical.
People are just so dissatisfied with public schools.
People are just so excited about it.
People are just so grateful.
People are just so human .
People are just so interesting.
People are just so set that they have to go somewhere.
People are just so stupid sometimes.
People are just so sweet.
People are just so transitional around here anyway, always moving.
People are just so unpleasant to be around.
People are just sort of grasping at straws.
People are just stunned.
People are just the same.
People are just the way they are.
People are just there to meet people.
People are just thrilled.
People are just tired of all the warning labels now.
People are just tired of being told what they can say, what they can listen to.
People are just tired of it.
People are just tired of money buying influence.
People are just tired of others playing the Civil War and Civil Rights Movement against each other.
People are just tired, dead tired out there.
People are just too busy to eat.
People are just too damned serious.
People are just too different.
People are just too disorderly.
People are just too involved with time and how they have to be at a place at a certain time.
People are just too overextended.
People are just too selfish and lack common sense.
People are just too weirded out on the subject.
People are just toooooo crazy.
People are just very uninhibited in New Orleans.
People are just very worried and very unclear what the limits are.
People are just weird.
People are justifiably concerned.
People are justified then in asking as to what have been the fruits of military interventionism.
People are keen on their own sites and often want to post and repost repetitive announcements.
People are keen to be involved in their upkeep.
People are keen to cooperate in such timeframes.
People are keen to sort out problems and make the system better.
People are keener to keep the environment clean now.
People are keenly aware of how racial segregation devalues their neighborhood.
People are keep quiet.
People are kept informed, are always accessible, can respond quickly, and take action remotely.
People are key .
People are key.
People are killed for religious beliefs.
People are killed.
People are kind and care for each other.
People are kind and very cooperative.
People are kind in offering advice on what to do.
People are kind of stoic.
People are kind of strange.
People are kind of stuck on the Web page notion because it has been so successful.
People are kind, considerate and grateful for help.
People are kind, evil, generous, fruitful, greedy, salivating.
People are kind.
People are kinder than usual.
People are knowledgeable about archives and understand the importance of preserving history.
People are language users.
People are largely brunettes, and are much more attractive.
People are largely what they are taught to be.
People are later to work for production lines.
People are lawful.
People are lax when it comes to maintaining cleanliness levels.
People are lax when it comes to safety.
People are lazy to do something for the comfortable life.
People are lazy, and they put all their trust in the authorities.
People are lazy, that's the problem.
People are lazy.
People are leaders because they use their own minds.
People are leary of giving credit card info.
People are leery about banking services.
People are leery because they think it is too good to be true.
People are less able to pick up and move for whatever reason.
People are less afraid to interact and ask questions.
People are less camera ready and a bit more naive here.
People are less careful.
People are less concerned about what they sound like.
People are less considerate now, especially the young ones.
People are less embarrassed about using condoms.
People are less healthy today than they've ever been before.
People are less hesitant about giving a donation when they know how their money is being used.
People are less hopeful that their country can be saved anytime soon.
People are less inclined to trust someone who's inflexible.
People are less inhibited.
People are less interested in giving larger amounts and getting their name in the paper.
People are less interested in intellectual content in the last several years.
People are less interested in it.
People are less interested in the stars.
People are less intimidated with each other.
People are less likely buy products during economic slowdowns.
People are less likely to be lonely with a canine friend around.
People are less likely to be threatened by good listeners.
People are less likely to break a commitment with someone else than with themselves.
People are less likely to brush off a meeting if they have played a role in the planning process.
People are less likely to buy a product that looks unprofessional.
People are less likely to complain if they're already at home when they get the lousy food.
People are less likely to damage anything to which they have contributed.
People are less likely to do business with such an organisation.
People are less likely to hang around if they are standing.
People are LESS likely to help another person when they are alone than when there is a group around.
People are less likely to hit an impasse when many options are being evaluated.
People are less likely to leave if there is money at stake.
People are less likely to lose a key than forget a password.
People are less likely to reject something they have been a party to creating.
People are less likely to run for office.
People are less likely to struggle when they are told what is going to happen.
People are less likely to think they have enough left over to help the poor.
People are less likely to use machine that have a high learning curve.
People are less likely to use machines that have a high learning curve.
People are less likely to want their business numbers unpublished.
People are less prepared to accept a father or son being treated as a corporate kamikaze pilot.
People are less reactive, less skittish, and more thoughtful about the moment and about the future.
People are less resistant to change than they where a hundred years ago.
People are less stressed and more likely to be present and healthy.
People are less sure about what behaviour to expect.
People are less suspicious of mothers with babies.
People are less tolerant and they expect more.
People are less tolerant of slow download times.
People are less willing to buy new homes if they feel that the economy is slowing down.
People are lethargic, have cramps and the symptoms of heat exhaustion.
People are life-long learners and seek information in many ways in many places.
People are lightweight and bounce a lot when separated from the heavier, rolling machine.
People are like a bunch of billiard balls bumping into each other on a pool table.
People are like a pot of crabs.
People are like animals.
People are like cameras .
People are like Cattle in Italy Well, only when they're moving in large herds, anyway.
People are like characters in a zoo.
People are like donuts.
People are like eggs.
People are like fish.
People are like flowers.
People are like grains of sand.
People are like grass.
People are like LegoTM blocks.
People are like magnets.
People are like monkeys.
People are like one breed of dog - all about the same size.
People are like online.
People are like plants - if the big plants steal all the sun, the little ones die.
People are like plants.
People are like sheep going to the slaughter because they have no knowledge.
People are like sheep.
People are like ships.
People are like snowflakes, there are never two that are exactly alike.
People are like stained glass windows.
People are like stained-glass windows.
People are like tea bags. .
People are like tea bags.
People are like that too.
People are like that, and institutions are even more like that.
People are like that.
People are like the butterfly.
People are like the individual drops of water bobbing up and down in the ocean.
People are like the stock market.
People are like the traffic light.
People are like trees.
People are like tubes nothing more than tubes spewing fluids from top and bottom.
People are like zombies.
People are likely to be fit for much longer.
People are likely to choose Occitan only insofar it is a desirable language.
People are likely to compete for scarce resources, prestige and power positions.
People are likely to continue on the basis on which they first came.
People are likely to engage someone they know by reputation.
People are likely to have more older people in their families today than in the past.
People are likely to have more sick days, get more colds, and be less productive.
People are likely to have more than one in every family.
People are likely to have to change their careers many times in their working lives.
People are likely to judge one first by their outward appearance.
People are likely to look elsewhere if they are required to wait too long for the information.
People are likely to sign off the server if they receive too much unwanted E-mail.
People are likely to stay home rather than make that trip to Vegas.
People are likely to suffer if their family, friends or allies suffer.
People are likely to support it once they know what it is.
People are limited.
People are listed for a transplant get so well and are taken off anything is possible.
People are literally afraid of change.
People are literally unaware that millions are worse off, including millions of children.
People are literally unaware that millions are worse off,including millions of children.
People are little more than pressurized sacks full of blood and intestines.
People are living longer, medicine is on the cutting edge.
People are loath to share cars.
People are loathe to risk their lives without justification.
People are located in weddings.
People are lonely and isolated from one another.
People are lonely because they build walls instead of bridges.
People are lonely because they don t try to be friendly.
People are lonely because they have lost purpose in life.
People are lonely for each other.
People are lonely, beaten, hungry and confused.
People are lonely, bored and intoxicated, looking for anything to do.
People are lonely.
People are looking for materials to make themselves, their homes stand out.
People are loosey-goosey in Greenville with the use of the land.
People are losers and worthless and society is going downhill faster and faster every day.
People are loud.
People are louder and they're in more of a hurry.
People are low key.
People are loyal and committed to their job.
People are loyal to their community and their lord.
People are loyal.
People are lucky if they make that in an hour.
People are lucky to live here.
People are lucky to work for food.
People are lucky.
People are machines.
People are mad and they want to know why gas prices are so high.
People are mad at each other and the whole company is a mess.
People are mad, and people are talking.
People are mad.
People are magnetic.
People are maimed, people die.
People are makin' a joyful noise.
People are mammals too.
People are mammals.
People are manageable.
People are man's medicine.
People are marvelous in their generosity if they just know the cause is there.
People are masters in prolonging their rules.
People are masters of their countries and boss to their governments.
People are mean and cruel.
People are mean because they can be.
People are mean in Barcelona.
People are mean to each other and they are pissing in their own drinking water supply.
People are mean to each other just because of their differences.
People are mean when they try to save the nation from the consequences of liberal ideology.
People are mean, and curse.
People are mean.
People are meanies there.
People are meant to exist as part of a family unit.
People are measurably taller in the morning than they are in the evening.
People are media-savvy.
People are medicine.
People are members of groups that have a great deal of influence on our behavior.
People are mental, physical, spiritual and sexual beings.
People are mentally slower and less vigorous.
People are merciful.
People are merely a different ar- rangement of molecules.
People are merely biological organisms just like any other life form.
People are merely one resource among many.
People are merely people.
People are merely slaves to serve their dictators, or so-called emperors.
People are messy .
People are messy.
People are metaphors.
People are miserable.
People are missing the real life in their lives, so they want a substitute life.
People are mistrustful of money going directly into homes.
People are mis-typing the number.
People are mis-typing their serial number.
People are mixed.
People are mobile and migrate long distances due to flood, bandits, and foreign invaders.
People are mobile, borders are open.
People are mobile, including belly dancing teachers.
People are mobile.
People are models themselves.
People are money-obsessed, are losing their morality.
People are monogamous, promiscuous, celibate or whatever as they wish.
People are morally incapable of resisting everything that is wrong and evil.
People are more accepting of fame today because of all the media outlets.
People are more accepting.
People are more accident prone because of drinking as well.
People are more active and health conscious.
People are more active at certain levels of the pyramid at different life stages.
People are more active during the warmer seasons.
People are more adventurous, they're willing to try different things.
People are more affluent, and they don t want to keep and clean bass.
People are more afraid of the unknown than of the known.
People are more aggressive in demanding answers.
People are more alike than they are different and every Olympic march-in underlines it.
People are more alike than they are different.
People are more amazed at the physical prowess of a professional basketball player.
People are more and more aware of the things they can do to help improve their cardiac health.
People are more and more conscious of their diet.
People are more and more fearful of each other.
People are more and more interested in discovering their roots, in finding it s own identity.
People are more and more into alternative things right now.
People are more and more likely to talk to a therapist about their families and money.
People are more approachable to an officer riding a bike than one in a car.
People are more apt to accept a new or modified behavior if they trust and respect the authority.
People are more apt to agree when they sit or stand side by side than when they face each other.
People are more apt to die from bee stings, lightning strikes and drunk drivers.
People are more apt to follow the rules if there is a contract.
People are more apt to pay for it because there are so few in the area.
People are more apt to remember beginning and ending cards.
People are more apt to reply to e-mail than a formal letter, because of it's casual nature.
People are more apt to spill their souls because of the intimacy online affords.
People are more apt to trust persons with soft, feminine-like features.
People are more apt to try products with a solid guarantee.
People are more apt to work when the understand their spiritual gifts.
People are more at risk of getting meningitis if they have a viral infection already.
People are more attractive if they have a better personality.
People are more aware how important and valuable it is to protect their ideas and creativity.
People are more aware now than ever before.
People are more aware now.
People are more aware of businesses or home owners who have used feng shui now.
People are more aware of Chinese baby girls than they are of U.S. kids.
People are more aware of crime.
People are more aware of genetics and potential genetic involvement in their diagnosis.
People are more aware of our history now.
People are more aware of the environment today, and they want to do the right thing.
People are more aware of the problem and the ripple effect it has in the community.
People are more aware of the qualities in our air, qualities of our water, food source qualities.
People are more aware of their capacity to sue.
People are more aware of their rights.
People are more aware of their support systems and environmental effects.
People are more aware of what is going on in the world.
People are more aware that all faculty and staff are working together for the students.
People are more aware that many charters lack educated professionals and accountability.
People are more aware that their pets can get anxiety, and they want to do something about it.
People are more aware today of making nonprofits accountable for the money they bring in.
People are more aware, more sensitive.
People are more aware.
People are more body-conscious than spirit conscious.
People are more brazen.
People are more busy and have less leisure time.
People are more careful about expenditures on consumer goods.
People are more careful on stairs because they expect to fall there.
People are more careful to welcome visitors and to show genuine pleasure that they have come.
People are more careless . . .
People are more cautious now.
People are more cautious, but there is still significant momentum in the current economy.
People are more cautious.
People are more clamorous for earthly bread, than anxious concerning food for their souls.
People are more comfortable and usually recuperate more quickly at home.
People are more comfortable buying from established companies.
People are more comfortable buying products together.
People are more comfortable delivering bad news using email than in person.
People are more comfortable in group situations than venturing out on their own.
People are more comfortable in their homes and are better able to talk about their problems there.
People are more comfortable talking and dealing with a human than a machine.
People are more comfortable telling the truth to someone whom they trust and can relate to.
People are more comfortable when things continue to be done in the same way.
People are more comfortable with the known than the unknown.
People are more comfortable with the once frowned-upon notion of making a profit.
People are more comfortable with the permanence and portability of paper for important documents.
People are more committed to decisions they had a hand in making.
People are more committed to things they developed.
People are more complex.
People are more compliant when they feel better after taking something.
People are more complicated than that.
People are more concerned about a whole range of things about their health and appearance.
People are more concerned about getting food on the table every day.
People are more concerned about how they are ranked during the first week of the release.
People are more concerned about their rights today.
People are more concerned and fearful of the unknown.
People are more concerned obsessed, even with the bottom line.
People are more concerned to look after their loved ones' body parts.
People are more concerned today about their ability to meet financial demands.
People are more concerned with their own welfare than that of the nation.
People are more concerned with total cost than they are with privacy issues.
People are more confident and cozy because of the strong economy.
People are more confident in our ability to manage plants.
People are more confident on their bikes than they used to be.
People are more confused than ever about weight loss.
People are more connected and the pace of work is moving faster than ever before.
People are more conscious of safety in the home.
People are more conscious of simplifying their lives and saving money.
People are more conscious of the shortcomings of the experts.
People are more contraversial, because there is no fear of physical backlash.
People are more cooperative if the feelings are backed up by visualizations and words.
People are more creative and productive when they work together.
People are more creative when they prepare their minds.
People are more critical of the issues, such as corruption, cronyism and nepotism.
People are more demanding in emotional satisfaction.
People are more descriptive.
People are more diligent in their research, but the problem remains of the ultimate choice.
People are more disenfranchised and removed from the process.
People are more educated about what it is like here.
People are more educated about wine.
People are more educated and civilized than before.
People are more educated.
People are more effective when they can manage their own time and find their own motivation.
People are more energetic and daily problems are less stressful.
People are more enlightened than that but that question gets raised.
People are more enlightened.
People are more enthusiastic and focused when they are working toward a concrete goal.
People are more environmentally sensitive today than at any time in the past.
People are more exposed to congressional procedures and judicial hearings.
People are more exposed to it.
People are more familiar with risotto, and it s now on the menu of more restaurants.
People are more familiar with the country codes.
People are more familiar with the pattern in dogs and cattle.
People are more fashionable.
People are more favorably disposed towards training and education, rather than regulation.
People are more focused about the use of the Internet.
People are more focused on collecting experiences.
People are more focused on themselves, so that's what they write about.
People are more fragile than stocks, however.
People are more free to speak, to move, and to associate with others.
People are more friendly here than in the bigger towns in Switzerland.
People are more friendly in the southwest comer of the state.
People are more friendly.
People are more health and nutrition conscious.
People are more health conscious and therefore, are eating more nuts, vegetables and fruits.
People are more health conscious today than ever before.
People are more hostile and rude.
People are more impatient now.
People are more impatient than they have ever been.
People are more important than a commodity.
People are more important than animals.
People are more important than any customer.
People are more important than chickens.
People are more important than companies.
People are more important than computers.
People are more important than databases.
People are more important than dingoes.
People are more important than dogma or ideology.
People are more important than dollars.
People are more important than idealism.
People are more important than ideas and concepts.
People are more important than markets.
People are more important than money and fame.
People are more important than money.
People are more important than paper and more important than computers.
People are more important than parking spaces.
People are more important than principles.
People are more important than profit.
People are more important than profits.
People are more important than programs.
People are more important than property.
People are more important than religious rules.
People are more important than rules.
People are more important than schedules.
People are more important than structure.
People are more important than the environment.
People are more important than their disabilities.
People are more important than things and thrills.
People are more important than things.
People are more important than what they produce.
People are more important, they say.
People are more important.
People are more in a party state of mind after a win than a loss, and there was nice weather.
People are more inclined to accept advertising material from a skater.
People are more inclined to buy from good-looking salespeople.
People are more inclined to buy tickets when they know that they can drop tickets on certain items.
People are more inclined to give after a disaster hits than to help buy insurance for the region.
People are more inclined to give to specific projects rather than to vague concepts.
People are more inclined to listen to friends than to strangers.
People are more inclined to listen to others if they are listened to.
People are more inclined to open themselves in a comfortable and reassuring setting.
People are more inclined to pay attention and to take it to heart.
People are more inclined to pay attention.
People are more inclined to respond to assertive behavior than aggressive behavior.
People are more individualistic requiring more demands on others.
People are more informal than they used to be, and friendly both to one another and to visitors.
People are more informed and wiser.
People are more Informed.
People are more intelligent and creative when they practice it.
People are more intelligent now.
People are more intelligent than animals.
People are more intelligent together than they are apart.
People are more interested and involved in a project if they have personal investment or interest.
People are more interested in capitalism, in making money. . . .
People are more interested in convenient truth, than actual truth.
People are more interested in dance music.
People are more interested in eco-tourism now.
People are more interested in education and welfare.
People are more interested in family traditions and genealogy and their background.
People are more interested in feeling spiritual than being spiritual.
People are more interested in natural holistic approaches.
People are more interested in our spirituality than anything else.
People are more interested in profits, business, and income than our achievements in space.
People are more interested in seeing their money and talents and their work affecting people.
People are more interested in their heritage everyday.
People are more interested in their own salvation rather than producing a just society.
People are more interested in themselves than anything else.
People are more interested in voting because they are voting for the president.
People are more interested in writing code than telling people about it.
People are more interested, more informed.
People are more interesting than anyone realizes.
People are more interesting than concepts.
People are more intimidated by computers.
People are more into it.
People are more into socializing in a healthy way.
People are more into yoga, tai chi, martial arts.
People are more intolerant of others.
People are more involved and interested.
People are more Involved.
People are more irritable and less likely to tolerate disagreement.
People are more keenly aware of their environment.
People are more knowledgeable of the recreation potential.
People are more knowledgeable.
People are more laid back in Australia.
People are more likely to agree with a group than have a different opinion.
People are more likely to agree with a message of hate if they are angry.
People are more likely to be active if they join a fitness club .
People are more likely to be exposed during renovations.
People are more likely to be healthy and in a good frame of mind.
People are more likely to be heard when they do things in a different way.
People are more likely to be killed with their own gun than to kill an attacker.
People are more likely to be stressed or sad if they have a poor diet and lack exercise.
People are more likely to be struck by lightning than attacked by a mountain lion.
People are more likely to believe a big lie than a small one.
People are more likely to believe a letter from someone who is similar to themselves.
People are more likely to build on one another's ideas without undue conflict.
People are more likely to build on one another's ideas, without undue conflict.
People are more likely to buy into changes if they're part of the process.
People are more likely to buy products and services from a business name they recognize.
People are more likely to click on a new banner than one they've already visited.
People are more likely to click on a specialized banner exchange than on a general exchange.
People are more likely to click on a well-placed text link than a lot of ugly banners.
People are more likely to click to find out about a product than to find out about our company.
People are more likely to come to faith in a small church than in a megachurch.
People are more likely to comply once they've made a public commitment.
People are more likely to confide in family members, most naturally their mothers or close siblings.
People are more likely to continue to give gifts if they are thanked.
People are more likely to cooperate on a task if they can communicate with one another first.
People are more likely to develop a more severe case if they're smokers.
People are more likely to develop heart disease if they have a family history of it.
People are more likely to die from heart disease than cancer, stroke, lung diseases or accidents.
People are more likely to die of a hospital infection than they are to die in a road accident.
People are more likely to disclose personal information to females than to males.
People are more likely to discuss sex than finances.
People are more likely to do business with someone they know.
People are more likely to do business with someone they trust.
People are more likely to eat out on their birthday than any other holiday or special occasion.
People are more likely to e-mail than call or come in person.
People are more likely to exercise options if it means they can receive cash sooner.
People are more likely to fall asleep on high-speed, long, boring, rural highways.
People are more likely to find humor in situations they've been in themselves.
People are more likely to flow in.
People are more likely to follow links than to scroll down.
People are more likely to get behind a winner than a loser is.
People are more likely to get divorced than change their bank account.
People are more likely to hire an attorney to help with an insurance claim.
People are more likely to invite others when there is a meal involved.
People are more likely to laugh in social context.
People are more likely to learn by making mistakes than by being told what to do.
People are more likely to listen to friends than to strangers.
People are more likely to misunderstand each other.
People are more likely to move into a church of people like themselves.
People are more likely to protect resources they know and use.
People are more likely to read a report that's attractive and well-organized, with clear headlines.
People are more likely to read a short letter than a long one.
People are more likely to read an email that starts of with their own personal name at the top.
People are more likely to read an email that starts off with their own personal name at the top.
People are more likely to read many short paragraphs than a few long paragraphs.
People are more likely to remember images than words.
People are more likely to remember the name of companies that have a human face attached.
People are more likely to report food poisoning from a commercial source.
People are more likely to respond because it is close to home.
People are more likely to respond to a letter.
People are more likely to respond to problems close to home.
People are more likely to smoke if their parents, family, and friends do.
People are more likely to speak their minds freely and comprehensively.
People are more likely to spend lots of time on our ring if they find it easy and fast to use.
People are more likely to stay involved and feel connected to a local network of people.
People are more likely to stereotype when a.
People are more likely to succeed when they are excited about a project and feel responsible.
People are more likely to support a cause if they are properly informed.
People are more likely to support a decision with which they agree.
People are more likely to support a solution when they have been part of developing it.
People are more likely to take risks and explore if they are comfortable and can rely on the design.
People are more likely to throw trash in areas where there is trash.
People are more likely to trust a business or person who acts in a similar manner most of the time.
People are more likely to trust a person who seems to be acting in their benefit.
People are more likely to understand what the decision means.
People are more likely to use a form than send an email.
People are more likely to walk away from a loan if the property declines in value.
People are more likely to work on activities upon which a large number of other people depend.
People are more literal in their thinking.
People are more mobile and move to different areas.
People are more mobile now.
People are more mobile, causing more things to spread.
People are more mobile.
People are more motivated to exercise when they can make social connections and enjoy themselves.
People are more motivated to put in extra effort when they know the higher-ups value it.
People are more motivated to stay healthy.
People are more natural if they are doing something rather than just posing.
People are more on the move now than at any time in history.
People are more open and direct in their comments.
People are more open and have some really big questions.
People are more open and they want quality.
People are more open both to offer and to seek the prayers of others.
People are more open-minded, and they are in better condition to absorb more techniques.
People are more open-minded.
People are more optimistic than they have ever been.
People are more outgoing, courageous and have a higher self-esteem than before.
People are more paranoid than ever.
People are more passionate and considerate.
People are more positive about West Orange's future.
People are more positive.
People are more precious for what they are than for what they have.
People are more precious that what they produce.
People are more productive and retain more information when they're motivated and having fun.
People are more productive in blue rooms.
People are more productive in certain settings than others.
People are more productive when nurtured.
People are more productive when they work in a comfortable, distraction-free environment.
People are more productive, motivated and competitive.
People are more productive.
People are more prone to accidents after drinking.
People are more prone to disturbed eating during times of stress and uncertainty.
People are more prone to give to things they perceive to benefit themselves.
People are more prone to injury or mishap after drinking.
People are more prosperous.
People are more ready to travel and sink roots.
People are more realistic about what are niche markets and what are large markets.
People are more receptive and acceptive than ever before.
People are more receptive here, they're quicker to pick up on new ideas.
People are more receptive to a value deal.
People are more receptive to the idea of working with other groups to achieve common goals.
People are more receptive when they realize that they are affected.
People are more relaxed about the idea.
People are more relaxed and calm.
People are more relaxed today.
People are more relaxed when they know what's going to happen.
People are more relaxed, freer to ask questions than they are, for example, during grand rounds.
People are more relaxed, more receptive to ideas.
People are more relaxed.
People are more responsive to good humoured person.
People are more risk adverse when the risk is direct.
People are more savvy about the process.
People are more sceptical about content online than offline.
People are more selective of the jobs they accept .
People are more sensitive than any electronic devices.
People are more sensitive to differentials than absolute amounts.
People are more serious about life than the showmen of Washington or Hollywood think.
People are more serious in practice than in the past.
People are more skeptical about content online than offline.
People are more skeptical today.
People are more skeptical.
People are more sophisticated now.
People are more sophisticated.
People are more spiritually hungry today than ever before.
People are more spread out and hidden.
People are more stressed out than ever before.
People are more stressed than ever, working longer hours than ever, for less pay than ever.
People are more supportive of changes when they are involved.
People are more supportive of things when they have been included in the planning.
People are more supportive when they understand the objectives.
People are more suspicious of government.
People are more suspicious.
People are more sympathetic, more thoughtful, more understanding.
People are more than a figure on a balance sheet.
People are more than bodies they have psychological, social, emotional, and spiritual needs.
People are more than chess players.
People are more than cogs in an economic machine or consumers of goods and services.
People are more than eager to get the harder roof fixtures and they're willing to take in people.
People are more than enthusiastic.
People are more than ever interested in the process of how things come to be.
People are more than happy to be involved in religion, they'll agree to rules. . . .
People are more than just customers.
People are more than merely physical and cognitive processors.
People are more than names and dates.
People are more than prepared to assume that all good springs from the economy.
People are more than products.
People are more than resumes, e-mails, voice mails and faxes.
People are more than the sum of their biological parts.
People are more than their athletic or artistic abilities.
People are more than their emotions.
People are more than their type.
People are more than twice as likely to buy a shoe that is too small than too big.
People are more than willing to pay a few extra bucks for a shirt that's visibly Polo.
People are more that skill sets.
People are more then free to have there own views and stupidity.
People are more thoughtful with voice mail.
People are more tolerant.
People are more tolerating of others opinions here.
People are more trusting and willing to delegate planning.
People are more trusting there.
People are more uncertain about the future today than they have been for many years.
People are more under stress.
People are more understanding.
People are more unhappy about congestion and traffic safety than any other city issues.
People are more unpredictable and complex than technology.
People are more used to buying in shops.
People are more vigorous and healthy.
People are more wide spread than ever before.
People are more willing to admit guilt when a fine is the punishment.
People are more willing to be governed by a government when they have a say in that government.
People are more willing to build roads than transit systems.
People are more willing to buy some sort of a treat.
People are more willing to buy the idea if it's advertised as a solution to an emotional issue.
People are more willing to get involved in a project when they have participated in the planning.
People are more willing to get involved on a set schedule.
People are more willing to get massages.
People are more willing to give ground on a close call.
People are more willing to go to new places, meet new people, and learn new things.
People are more willing to help each other when goals are shared and the environment is supportive.
People are more willing to help each other when they share tips.
People are more willing to identify distress and disturbance now.
People are more willing to invest in our wells and to lease their land for drilling.
People are more willing to leave their jobs to go independent.
People are more willing to lend a hand when needed.
People are more willing to listen to positive messages.
People are more willing to listen.
People are more willing to make change.
People are more willing to pay for services when they know they are of good quality.
People are more willing to protect the culture if they can understand it.
People are more willing to put out money for something in return.
People are more willing to shop and donate here because they know it's for a good cause.
People are more willing to take a chance.
People are more willing to take risks if the cost is lower.
People are more willing to turn to violence.
People are more worried about if a company has solid funding.
People are more worried about outdoor pollen counts than they are about indoor allergens.
People are more worried about violent crime and are taking measures to defend themselves.
People are morons.
People are mortal, since they die.
People are most adaptable the younger that they are.
People are most comfortable around others who are like themselves.
People are most comfortable doing what they grew up with.
People are most comfortable with describing things in the language of their problem domain.
People are most comfortable with labels that clearly and concisely provide meaning.
People are most comfortable with what they know.
People are most concerned about their immediate survival.
People are most contagious from about two weeks before symptoms begin until two weeks after.
People are most contagious when they have adult lice on their head.
People are most destructive once they have ceased to feel that they too are part of nature.
People are most enthusiastic about sex within the first year of their relationships.
People are most familiar with seeing it on gray horses, but it can appear on any color.
People are most familiar with the patented honeycomb shape.
People are most impatient when they are in a hurry to get home or attend a business appointment.
People are most infectious a few days before and after the onset of symptoms.
People are most interested in themselves.
People are most likely to attend an event if they have made a reservation.
People are most likely to base decisions about quality on the factors they can personally measure.
People are most likely to be exposed to methyl mercury through eating contaminated fish.
People are most likely to believe what they see firsthand.
People are most likely to catch chicken pox in late winter and early spring.
People are most likely to catch chickenpox in late winter or early spring.
People are most likely to change themselves when they feel supported and cared for.
People are most likely to organize around particular issues that affect their lives daily.
People are most likely to respond to positive, well-reasoned posts.
People are most likely to stay where they can be successful performing their jobs.
People are most likely to transmit the virus when sores can be seen.
People are most likely to transmit the virus when the lesions are evident.
People are most motivated on their first day.
People are most often wrong when they make predictions.
People are most successful learning when they start from where they are and move forward.
People are most successful when they integrate and develop both sides of the brain.
People are most susceptible to the fungus during hot months in humid areas.
People are most vulnerable when they discover how ill they are . . .
People are most worried about the lake overflowing.
People are mostly idiots when they get behind the wheel.
People are mostly quiet.
People are mostly unaware of the possibilities that tambura has.
People are motivated and helped to change their behaviors.
People are motivated to feed deer for a variety of reasons.
People are motivated.
People are much better at adapting to computers than computers are at adapting to people.
People are much better at interpreting pictures.
People are much better off choosing to do what they enjoy and what they're good at, preferably both.
People are much braver and freer than four years ago.
People are much happier.
People are much less forgiving.
People are much less likely to buy and keep cats as pets if they are perceived as threatening.
People are much less likely to think that they are victims.
People are much less that way.
People are much like sheep and are easily led astray.
People are much lovelier when they hate each other.
People are much more accepting.
People are much more anonymous.
People are much more apt to download a file that is free from the potential of a virus.
People are much more attractive when they re living.
People are much more attuned to safety and health issues.
People are much more aware of the situation.
People are much more aware.
People are much more comfortable with a TV and a remote control rather than a PC and keyboard.
People are much more comfortable with doing their banking online.
People are much more comfortable with it, and there is less fear of something different.
People are much more comfortable with traditional living arrangements.
People are much more complex than computers.
People are much more complicated.
People are much more concerned about the casino and property taxes than anything else.
People are much more easily connected to each other, obviously because of the Internet.
People are much more expensive than machines.
People are much more familiar and relaxed with television than with personal computers.
People are much more genuine here.
People are much more impressed with the paintings than the digital art.
People are much more in touch with the church outside China now.
People are much more inclined to evaluate the person rather than give automatic respect.
People are much more inclined to sue after an accident.
People are much more inclined to support something they've invested in.
People are much more informed much much quicker because of the Internet.
People are much more interested in local news and gossip than other entertainment.
People are much more interested in value.
People are much more knowledgeable about how tequila is made and aged.
People are much more likely to accept risks that are taken voluntarily.
People are much more likely to be sick if they are poor than if they are well off.
People are much more likely to boast about winning than admit to losing.
People are much more likely to click a button and keep going.
People are much more likely to click on a new banner than one they remember having seen.
People are much more likely to dump on property where a dumpsite already exists.
People are much more likely to join a congregation if they already feel a part of it.
People are much more likely to offer to help with a specific, clearly defined task.
People are much more likely to purchase an item that they have seen.
People are much more likely to read an article and comment, as compared to a book.
People are much more likely to say barn door after the biasing context than bart doard.
People are much more likely to want a book than to visit a website.
People are much more likely to wear a free ribbon than a button which they have to pay a dollar for.
People are much more loath to just call in on fellow church members.
People are much more malleable and easy to work with.
People are much more open and sharing.
People are much more open now.
People are much more positive and understanding when they are informed.
People are much more receptive when addressed by name.
People are much more relaxed and typically friendlier.
People are much more resilient than they're given credit for.
People are much more sensitive now, they help and support each other.
People are much more serious.
People are much more sophisticated and much more concerned today.
People are much more specific about their place in society.
People are much more tolerant and relaxed about sexual activity than they are say, about violence.
People are much more tolerant here and the weather's better too.
People are much more understanding today.
People are much more used to hearing chick singers on the radio.
People are much more violent now.
People are much more willing to have their picture taken with a point and shoot.
People are much more willing to make a commitment when they know what the commitment involves.
People are much more willing to try new things now.
People are much nicer during the holidays.
People are much nicer in the Midwest.
People are much nicer than TV often portrays.
People are much quicker to dismiss a victim's claims than they are to consider the accused guilty.
People are much scarier than mountains or rivers.
People are much smarter about their feet today.
People are much the same around the world, and many of their diseases and injuries are the same.
People are much the same the world over.
People are much to cruel.
People are much too complicated for such assertions to be made.
People are much too short-term oriented.
People are much, much, much more interested in that than they are in the presidential campaign.
People are multi-dimensional.
People are multi-layered.
People are mumbling in the alleys.
People are mumbling or slurring their words.
People are musicians, callers, dance organizers, and dancers.
People are myopic.
People are mysterious.
People are naive and think businesses sell as fast as houses.
People are naked here.
People are nasty pains in the behind.
People are nasty with each other.
People are natural lifelong learners.
People are naturally afraid of the unknown and usually unwilling to accomodate.
People are naturally closer to some people than others.
People are naturally creative.
People are naturally curious about objects in the sky.
People are naturally curious about other people, and children are no exception.
People are naturally curious about the universe and our place in it.
People are naturally curious about their design and function.
People are naturally curious about what happened.
People are naturally curious and are free to ask where their visitors come from.
People are naturally curious and interviewers are likely to take the bait.
People are naturally curious and want to know more.
People are naturally curious to know what their peers think about a major news event.
People are naturally curious.
People are naturally funny.
People are naturally generous.
People are naturally inclined to participate in decisions that affect their lives.
People are naturally inclined to sexual intercourse.
People are naturally inclined to use leftover meats for curry.
People are naturally interested in knowing more about the history of their family.
People are naturally interested in people more than ideas.
People are naturally more caring of each other, and the community reinforces that.
People are naturally more competitive than cooperative.
People are naturally proud of their own countries.
People are naturally quite concerned about the safety of the food they eat.
People are naturally sacramental perceivers.
People are naturally susceptible to wishful thinking.
People are naturally suspicious of new developments of which they have no experience.
People are naturally suspicious of people who call themselves freelance journalists.
People are naturally suspicious of things hatched secretly by people who think they know best.
People are naturally suspicious of things that are managed by some other organization.
People are naturally uneasy about it because it seems unnatural.
People are naturally unequal in real life just as pitches are naturally unequal in Bach.
People are naturally very hostile to and suspicious of unsolicited commercial email.
People are naturally very visually oriented.
People are naturally wary on the Web.
People are near uprising.
People are near.
People are nearly unanimous in support of the idea of lower costs for medical care.
People are negative about change.
People are neighbors helping each other.
People are neither as good as that nor as bad as that.
People are neither good nor bad.
People are neither infallible nor omniscient.
People are nervous about buying goods online any way.
People are nervous about driving their vehicles and want to know what to do.
People are nervous about that.
People are nervous and that's good.
People are nervous, scared.
People are nervous.
People are net resource producers.
People are never alone.
People are never commodities.
People are never consistent.
People are never happy who want change.
People are never honest like that.
People are never merely a product of the external world.
People are never more sincere than when they assume their own moral superiority.
People are never more willing to help their neighbors than when they are casualties of nature.
People are never quite satisfied with their wages.
People are never satisfied with knowledge and learning and education.
People are never satisfied.
People are never so near playing the fool as when they think themselves wise.
People are never truly alone in an environment - some form of wildlife is always nearby.
People are never truly alone in an environment.
People are never who they seem online.
People are next.
People are nice and courteous.
People are nice and friendly but the mindset is decidedly alien.
People are nice and friendly here.
People are nice and the environment, greenery is good.
People are nice and the pace of life is better than in Philadelphia.
People are nice and very friendly.
People are nice and warm in Mexico.
People are nice to each other.
People are nice, and they always let Tristan in at night.
People are nice, friendly.
People are nice, give an apple.
People are nice, occasional hickers.
People are nice.
People are nicer on the roads and more patient when waiting in line at the post office.
People are nine times more likely to commit suicide if they have a history of it in their family.
People are no good.
People are no longer able to define themselves by national identity.
People are no longer afraid of it.
People are no longer afraid of the government.
People are no longer afraid to participate in the political life of our nation.
People are no longer ashamed to buy a Chinese product.
People are no longer at home, they are tourists separated from their own environment.
People are no longer beholden to their vendor.
People are no longer citizens, they are consumers.
People are no longer content to be slaves.
People are no longer dependent on physicians for medical information.
People are no longer dismissive of the fact that disasters are getting worse.
People are no longer in denial about it.
People are no longer in the mood to party.
People are no longer just defending the status quo.
People are no longer just worried, they're scared.
People are no longer merely inconvenienced by the occasional phone call during dinner.
People are no longer nomadic.
People are no longer people, they are inmates, a number and maybe a last name.
People are no longer satisfied in sitting back and being passively entertained.
People are no longer satisfied with a basic livelihood.
People are no longer so congratulatory.
People are no longer the measure for economical development.
People are no longer the most important asset - knowledge is.
People are no longer under the law but under grace.
People are no longer willing just to sign their personal or business documents without legal advice.
People are no longer willing simply to be victims.
People are no longer willing to accept the old status quo.
People are no longer willing to be isolated in their cars.
People are no longer willing to be treated like pawns in their jobs.
People are no longer willing to pay money for a crazy idea or something with 'dot-com' on the end.
People are no longer willing to put money into high burn rates.
People are no longer willing to see a person for who they are.
People are no longer willing to see a quarter, a third of their kids fail to read.
People are no longer willing to sit at home and ignore the deteriorating security.
People are no longer willing to wait ten or more years for a telephone.
People are no more or less gullible than they have always been.
People are no more rooted in their world and lose their orientation.
People are no more than cybernetic patterns.
People are nodes on a network and the vehicle can also be a node.
People are nomads for many reasons .
People are nomads for many reasons.
People are non-drivers for a variety of reasons.
People are non-immune are at high risk of severe disease.
People are normal prior to exposure but injure their ability to detoxify.
People are normally awake when they are in places of assembly.
People are normally co-operative.
People are normally crowded around the viewing areas.
People are normally curious.
People are normally familiar with the things they build.
People are normally impatient when waiting to see something on the internet.
People are normally pretty polite.
People are nostalgic.
People are nothing compared to the mountains.
People are nothing more than undeveloped supers.
People are nothing.
People are notorious for their inconsistency.
People are notoriously awful at recognizing faces from other races.
People are notoriously bad at predicting that.
People are notoriously difficult things.
People are now able to find prosperity almost anywhere.
People are now able to go into the data base on their own and download the needed information.
People are now able to register via the web as before.
People are now able to work together in ways only imagined a few years ago.
People are now accustomed to home deliveries, especially the heavy bulky items such as pet food.
People are now accustomed to living and working indoors.
People are now afraid to join, they are afraid of losing their jobs.
People are now afraid to speak out because they fear getting sued.
People are now apparently ready to stop playing political games with public television.
People are now busy collecting slides from Newfoundland to British Columbia.
People are now busy opening up to their soul's level and beyond to higher dimensions.
People are now comfortable with their clothes off.
People are now concerned with possible procedures for initiating said action.
People are now content to finish the day taking walking and talking breaks with each other.
People are now divided and the nation is shamefully divided.
People are now equally concerned about the quality of life in Israel.
People are now free to suit their own style and taste.
People are now in conflict about vision and mission and theological infighting begins.
People are now in the mood for making compromises and deals.
People are now less afraid to inform their employers of their domestic problems.
People are now more aware and are taking note of what is going on.
People are now more aware of the true addictive nature of nicotine and tobacco use.
People are now more eager to embrace technology.
People are now more educated and it's more affordable than other trips.
People are now more likely to be viewed as problems than as potential problem-solvers.
People are now more likely to take time off work for a nervous breakdown than by breaking their leg.
People are now more rewarded on their team efforts than on individual efforts.
People are now much less concerned with technology.
People are now much more aware of karts, even with just the indoor machines.
People are now much more financially aware.
People are now parking and walking.
People are now ready to begin interviewing.
People are now ready to understand aspects of plant healing from a multi-dimensional perspective.
People are now scared of the consequences if the talks fail.
People are now wary about the future of dotcom marketplaces.
People are now willing to accept compromising offers like a lateral move because of the market.
People are now willing to interrupt homophobic jokes and slurs.
People are now worried that managed care only manages costs and, in effect, rations care.
People are nowadays index conscious.
People are nowhere near so fluid, being both material and opaque.
People are numb to advertising, brochures and promotion.
People are numb to art.
People are numbers, machines are idols and no one looks each other in the eye.
People are nuts about it.
People are nuts over coins with color.
People are obese if they are so fat that their health is harmed.
People are objectified when they are treated as a means to an end.
People are objects.
People are obviously happy after eating the food.
People are obviously hungry for a way to make the free market and free software work together.
People are obviously more important than buildings.
People are obviously off for the weekend.
People are occasionally suicidal, but states never are.
People are odd.
People are of a particular sex .
People are of course free to put more into their private pensions than just the rebate.
People are of different levels.
People are of greater value for what they are than for what they have.
People are of many kinds.
People are of the opinion that there is more chance of being run over by a bus.
People are off all walking aids anywhere from three weeks to two months.
People are offended delivery charges have gone up.
People are often a major factor in generation of static charges.
People are often a very good source for information.
People are often afraid of a new level.
People are often afraid of repeating themselves and often apologise for speaking.
People are often afraid of spiders because of their ill-deserved reputation for venomizing victims.
People are often allergic to their pollen.
People are often amazed at how a fifteen year old can make such an important decision in life.
People are often amazed at how bad things are in Haiti.
People are often amazed at the size of the company.
People are often amazed at what the town has to offer to the residents.
People are often as right about keeping busy as they are about time healing wounds.
People are often astounded when they find out what is just over the horizon from the coast.
People are often at war with their own bodies.
People are often both lazy and ill-informed.
People are often calcium -depleted when they're diagnosed.
People are often concerned about being sued for reporting child abuse.
People are often concerned about spam when they think about mailing lists.
People are often confused about the difference between a magazine and a periodical.
People are often confused about where to put the limited sums they can save.
People are often curious about life in tents.
People are often disappointed because they've set their expectations too high.
People are often disappointed when they rent property over the phone or through the mail.
People are often distrustful of people from other races and cultures.
People are often either more physical or intellectual.
People are often embarrassed about allowing physical abuse to go on for years.
People are often embarrassed to ask for financial help, especially from the government.
People are often envious of professional writers - or at least they say they are.
People are often excited about art but very insecure about their lack of knowledge.
People are often fearful of strange or unusual behaviour.
People are often friendly and happy to be there.
People are often frightened by something they have never seen before.
People are often happier at work than at home.
People are often happy to help a tourist.
People are often happy to talk about themselves.
People are often hard up, and filling bottles with Nile water can be a great way to make a few bob.
People are often hesitant to pledge a stated amount and for good reason.
People are often hesitate about returning for further education.
People are often ideologically inconsistenct, and think and behave differently from what they say .
People are often in a hurry and drive at unsafe speeds, very close to our children and pets.
People are often in a vulnerable state when they are seeking counseling services.
People are often inaccurate in predicting long range emotions related to significant life events.
People are often inclined to adopt a single rabbit.
People are often interested in knowing the type of camera equipment a photographer uses.
People are often interested in upgrading their computers when they want to be on the Internet.
People are often lazy when it comes to eating out.
People are often like machines, running on automatic.
People are often more direct and honest by e-mail than by personal contact.
People are often more satisfied and successful working in a field that matches their interests.
People are often more sensitive to toxic substances than test animals.
People are often more talkative and less predictable.
People are often more timid at night, but bears retreat at night as well as by day.
People are often more uninhibited than usual when communicating via email.
People are often more willing to participate if they ve been part of the decision-making process.
People are often more willing to talk about themselves over the screen, than they are in person.
People are often more willing to work when they know the job is close-ended.
People are often most afraid of crimes committed by strangers.
People are often most open to the gospel during times of transition.
People are often naturally in rapport.
People are often nervous about asking the questions the have about therapy.
People are often pleased to be asked for their thoughts and given opportunities to get involved.
People are often proud of their physical strength, health, and good looks.
People are often quick to complain.
People are often quite proud of their patterns.
People are often reluctant to accept the unpleasant .
People are often reluctant to ask questions unless encouraged to do so.
People are often reluctant to get involved.
People are often reluctant to have a ring cut off.
People are often reluctant to make a scene themselves, and punish others for taking that chance.
People are often reluctant to offer ideas, fearing the criticism of others.
People are often reluctant to seek help because of stigma, fear, denial and lack of knowledge.
People are often reluctant to talk about child care as education.
People are often resistant to beginning therapy for many reasons.
People are often rich sources of information.
People are often satisfied to recognize their own suggestions in a student's presentation.
People are often scared off by new technology.
People are often seronegative and often have no known history of tick bite or any kind of rash.
People are often shy and suspicious.
People are often shy to ask the first question.
People are often sleepy and inattentive, and class participation can be a struggle.
People are often surprised at how quickly a normally dry arroyo can become a raging torrent.
People are often surprised at the size of the final tax bill in the given example.
People are often surprised by the qualities and conduct that others describe as gifts.
People are often surprised how quickly birds fledge from a nest.
People are often surprised to discover how expensive technical support can be.
People are often surprised to discover that sunny Lebanon is also a great place to ski.
People are often surprised to find it is difficult to meditate.
People are often surprised to hear of the biological diversity that still exists in the Caribbean.
People are often surprised to learn about trails that are within a brief walk from their front door.
People are often surprised to learn that cats live complete, happy lives indoors.
People are often surprised to see how much they have in common.
People are often surprised when they attend our services.
People are often surprised when they hear that willpower can be transmitted over the telephone.
People are often surprised when they see the list in the annual report.
People are often surprised.
People are often suspicious of strangers.
People are often tired after a transatlantic flight so it is nice to have a room booked.
People are often too aggressive on their installation schedules.
People are often types, too.
People are often unable to perceive or assess how small imbalances can really add up.
People are often unaware of the amount of salt they consume.
People are often unaware of the degree to which they depend on their servants.
People are often unaware of the potential legal weapons they are carrying.
People are often unaware of their poor nutritional habits, high calorie, high fat foods.
People are often unaware of tick bites.
People are often unaware that personal needs are being met by their anger.
People are often uncertain about the costs behind making and running a website.
People are often uncertain and hesitant at the beginning of their research projects.
People are often unclear on the difference between the constraint and the predicate.
People are often uncomfortable talking about romance, as it's a very emotional topic.
People are often under the impression that a goalkeeper's position is sedentary.
People are often unreasonable, illogica, and self centered.
People are often unreasonable, illogical and self-centered.
People are often unreasonable, illogical, and self-centered.
People are often unwilling to negotiate over issues of identity, justice, security, and dignity.
People are often very happy to know they can be helpful.
People are often very reluctant to give out any personal information on a Web site.
People are often willing to help if they buy into the vision.
People are often willing to help out with the data.
People are often willing to live with it - wide range of ciphers are vulnerable.
People are often without their needed prescription drugs, because the cost of it is unaffordable.
People are often worried about the costs of such claims.
People are often wrong about particular points without the theory suffering.
People are often wrong in their thoughts and evaluations a.
People are often wrong when they think a child has head lice.
People are often wrong.
People are ok with conclusions about charter changes discussed.
People are old and wise enough to make their own decisions on what they send and read.
People are omnivores too.
People are omnivores, eating and digesting meat, grains, fruits and vegetables.
People are omnivores.
People are on different points on a continuum, it's hard to pinpoint where they are.
People are on different time frames on the bowl side.
People are on duty who can help with software application problems.
People are on edge and have trouble falling asleep.
People are on edge, and yet demoralized, too.
People are on edge.
People are on one side or the other.
People are on some serious crack.
People are on tennis courts, swimming in pools, etc.
People are on that planet already.
People are on the deck waving.
People are on the edge of their seat for almost every pitch, even when the pitcher is at bat.
People are on the go and want to access information anytime, anywhere and consequently.
People are on the government's side.
People are on the Internet all the time.
People are on the Internet because they have nowhere else to be.
People are on the Internet because they want an easy way to shop.
People are on the Internet, people work with digital cameras.
People are on the move as never before.
People are on the move too.
People are on the move, and political and spiritual changes are occurring in the country.
People are on the move, trying to flee the country.
People are on the move.
People are on the other end of the information and ideas accessed through a computer.
People are on the phone now lobbying for every single dollar.
People are on the plane every day.
People are on the right track to fight the cancer by educating themselves.
People are on the road, or in meetings, or on another line.
People are on the shore and out in boats.
People are on the sides of minorities.
People are on the sidewalks all night long.
People are on the streets more often than they're at home.
People are on the Web to be entertained and gather information quickly.
People are on the whole healthier and hence happier.
People are on their feet moving and dancing through the first three numbers.
People are on their last nerves.
People are on their way with their families to church.
People are on trial, their futures are on the line.
People are on vacation, outdoor activities up, etc.
People are once again able to lead a normal existence.
People are once again ready to face up to the challenges of a changing society and a global economy.
People are once more learning to have fun, for the pure sake of having fun.
People are one of the biggest.
People are one of the keys to success in risk management.
People are on-line because they truly want to be there.
People are online.
People are only a stranger here once.
People are only as developed as the information they access.
People are only as generous as they can afford to be.
People are only as sick as their darkest secrets.
People are only as strong as they mentally and physically make themselves to be.
People are only capable of disbelief, rather then true belief.
People are only concerned about their own homes and their own front yards.
People are only concerned with where they can get the data or use some server systems.
People are only happy to have members because each member is a link to more information.
People are only happy when they are playing or watching a game.
People are only human and by being so, they make mistakes.
People are only human and even the best intentions lose interest.
People are only human, and as such, are prone to error.
People are only human.
People are only one ingredients, although it is one of the basic ones.
People are only one of the living things on our Planet Earth.
People are only people.
People are only the rock in movies.
People are only there by appointment or for a scheduled discussion.
People are only there for the orchestra concert.
People are only too willing to share their experiences and offer advice, tips and resources.
People are only visible if they are in motion.
People are only willing to spend time and energy that they think are worthwhile.
People are open and cultured.
People are open and trusting.
People are open to one another, eager to be of assistance and to learn about other cultures.
People are open to so many things to worry about.
People are open to the gospel.
People are open.
People are openly and intensely emotional in both cases.
People are open-minded in that regard.
People are open-minded, they're looking at choices, they're excited about open source.
People are optimistic about meeting the health challenges of old age.
People are optimistic about the economy.
People are optimistic and highly involved with the betterment of the local economy.
People are optimistic and hopeful when they remarry.
People are optimistic here.
People are optimistic problems can be solved.
People are optimistic that the conditions for life are out there.
People are optimistic, there's money to do things and people are prepared to take risks.
People are optimistic.
People are optimizers.
People are or can be rational.
People are order-seeking.
People are our biggest asset.
People are our biggest challenge and our biggest joy.
People are our business and our business is people.
People are our closest relatives, after all.
People are our country's most important asset.
People are our focus.
People are our foundation.
People are our fundamental asset.
People are our greatest asset.
People are our greatest assets.
People are our greatest concern.
People are our greatest resource.
People are our greatest strength.
People are our guests.
People are our key asset.
People are our main assets.
People are our main ingredient.
People are our main resource.
People are our most important asset and are the source of our strength.
People are our most important asset and the key to our future.
People are our most important asset for achieving results.
People are our most important asset.
People are our most important assets.
People are our most important product is one of the oldest aphorisms in business.
People are our most important resource.
People are our most precious commodity.
People are our most valuable asset and everyone is treated with respect.
People are our most valuable asset.
People are our most valuable assets.
People are our most valuable resource .
People are our most valuable resource.
People are our most valued resource.
People are our most vital resource.
People are our number one asset.
People are our organization.
People are our primary asset.
People are our prime assets.
People are our principal strength.
People are our strength, and that is an asset that needs our attention and commitment.
People are our strength.
People are out a lot of money iv.
People are out and about tending their land.
People are out and about, yet surprisingly our streets and thoroughfares appear less congested.
People are out at night, and feel it's a livable, safe, walkable city.
People are out away from their computers.
People are out enjoying themselves.
People are out for good reasons only - playing golf, swimming.
People are out for themselves.
People are out in the big city to enjoy themselves, to be part of the action.
People are out in the streets with no shelter, no food and other basic needs.
People are out in the Summer.
People are out looking and most want to move after school gets out.
People are out more.
People are out of gas.
People are out of their element here.
People are out of their homes daily on a year round basis.
People are out of their minds if they'll let something like a banner size stand in the way.
People are out of work here.
People are out of work or worried about their jobs.
People are out on Iowa's rivers in great numbers.
People are out running, walking, rollerblading, walking their dogs, and pram-pushing.
People are out there buying homes, and when that happens, price increases tend to follow.
People are out there doing their own thing in their own way.
People are out there expressing themselves on a bigger mountain.
People are out there just looking for the one reportable problem.
People are out there looking for jobs or hoping to earn a little extra money.
People are out there looking, but some are less likely to commit.
People are out there playing as hard as they can.
People are out there searching for a personal relationship with a god and with nature.
People are out there seeking refunds.
People are out there self-medicating against it.
People are out there talking about it.
People are out there to have fun.
People are out there to win.
People are out there watching and snooping, and they're finding new tools every day.
People are out there working on it.
People are out there, in the city, in countries all around the world, fighting at every level.
People are out there.
People are out to have a good time.
People are out to shop, pass the time of day with their neighbors, and visit friends.
People are out walking along the streets.
People are out working in their yards and children are riding their bikes and playing.
People are out working.
People are out, wanting to play.
People are outraged by seeing somebody trying to climb something.
People are outraged by the convictions.
People are outraged for a week or so and then go back to televised sports where there's no violence.
People are outraged when they feel their words have been twisted.
People are outraged when they read how much prison time non-violent offenders receive.
People are outraged.
People are outside listening to the music.
People are over-extended on their credit cards and it's payback time.
People are overjoyed and are showering gifts on the new brood.
People are overwhelmed.
People are overwhelmingly in favour of it.
People are overwhelmingly interested in privacy policies on the web.
People are overworked.
People are paid to check for political content For dissenters, the internet is a gift.
People are painfully aware of the disjuncture between work and happiness.
People are paralyzed and are dying out of hopelessness, starvation and sicknesses.
People are paramount.
People are paranoid about anybody having an edge.
People are paranoid.
People are part of an economy when they decide how to spend and save their money.
People are part of ecosystems.
People are part of nature and vice versa.
People are part of nature, too, and when people die, they make room for more people.
People are part of nature.
People are part of the ecosystem.
People are part of the environment too.
People are part of the environment, too.
People are part of the environment.
People are particularly adept at manipulation for a number of reasons.
People are particularly adept atmanipulation for a number of reasons.
People are particularly concerned about middle-school kids.
People are particularly likely to be upset when they are hungry or over tired.
People are particularly likely to be upset when they are hungry or overtired.
People are particularly likely to be upset when they are hungry or tired.
People are particularly likely to be upset when they're hungry or overtired.
People are particularly vulnerable upon the death of a loved one.
People are partly lethargic.
People are passionate about all art forms in Europe.
People are passionate about graduation.
People are passionate about many things.
People are passionate about old growth forests.
People are passionate about the home team and sports.
People are passionate about their beliefs where angels are concerned.
People are passionate about what they're doing.
People are passive contributors with little authority.
People are past the fear.
People are patient and well behaved.
People are pattern-seeking.
People are paying, they want to laugh.
People are peace-loving people.
People are people after all and they just want relationship.
People are people all over the world.
People are people and a terrific adventure is always going to be welcomed.
People are people and being nude has nothing to do with it.
People are people and evil is evil.
People are people and it happens.
People are people and it's as simple as that.
People are people and solutions tried in one place can often work in others.
People are people and they like to watch things going on in real life.
People are people and things happen.
People are people anywhere.
People are people are people regardless, regardless of the date on the calendar.
People are people are people.
People are people because there are other people.
People are people everywhere, and that is all that really matters.
People are people everywhere.
People are people no matter what the country, language, or race.
People are people the world over.
People are people too.
People are people who pass on.
People are people with different personalities.
People are people with the same emotions and basic needs as early man.
People are people, after all.
People are people, and all things being equal, nothing is .
People are people, and culture is only part of the background.
People are people, and deserve individual attention even when such attention appears redundant.
People are people, and even with the best intentions, weird things happen.
People are people, and injuries are injuries.
People are people, and it's fun to hear their stories.
People are people, and people fail.
People are people, and they have the same hopes, dreams, and goals.
People are people, but programmers are something else.
People are people, even in cyberspace.
People are people, forgetful and foolish under the wrong circumstances.
People Are People, in Kindergarten or Primaries.
People are people, no matter what they do for a living.
People are people, plain and simple.
People are people, regardless of how the DNA strand got into the egg.
People are people, some just make more money.
People are people, whether they are blind, sighted, black, white or pink.
People are people.
People are People.
People are people.
People are perfectly capable of being had without advance advertising.
People are perfectly free to vote for vouchers if they wish.
People are perhaps the biggest asset any company has.
People are persistent.
People are personal about their clothing.
People are personal.
People are pessimistic.
People are physical in the Big Ten.
People are pickier now, which is good.
People are picky, and they have decidedly more sophisticated palates.
People are pissed that the city is tearing down housing projects, they have no place to go.
People are pissed, and talk radio is just a vent hole.
People are pistol-whipped a few times.
People are pitiful.
People are pleasant in Mount Mohawk.
People are pleasantly surprised with the food service.
People are pleased, for example, when their major religious festivals are acknowledged.
People are policy.
People are polished and put-together.
People are polite and hospitable.
People are polite here.
People are polite in crowds and shoving is considered discourteous.
People are polite to the software they are using.
People are polite, but ready to pounce.
People are polite, courteous, loving.
People are polite.
People are political beings.
People are politically afraid to advocate birth control.
People are poor and they hated the military.
People are poor because they are lazy or lack capacity.
People are poor because they are poor.
People are poor because they refuse to work.
People are poor in a different way.
People are poor largely because they are incompetent and unintelligent.
People are poor.
People are positively addicted to it.
People are power hungry.
People are power.
People are powerful.
People are powerless to help themselves.
People are powerless without the right information.
People are predictable, sophomores particularly so.
People are predictable.
People are predictably shallow and one-dimensional.
People are predominantly visual and they believe more what they see in writing.
People are prepare to protest and take action on behalf of the ancient sea turtles.
People are prepared and become highly enthusiastic about achieving.
People are prepared beforehand in case of arrest.
People are prepared to pay a penny a minute to have a Scottish e-mail and web address.
People are prepared to put in money on a risk or an opportunity basis.
People are prepared to sort of throw things away a little more.
People are prepared to tolerate helping people out.
People are present, they are positive, they are excited.
People are pretty . . .
People are pretty big on claiming land, after all.
People are pretty blatant here.
People are pretty comfortable with the nitrided oxides, even though it is a difficult process.
People are pretty committed to the Palm.
People are pretty complicated.
People are pretty content, because of so much foot traffic.
People are pretty cynical.
People are pretty demanding of what they want.
People are pretty desperate.
People are pretty evenly and passionately divided on the issue.
People are pretty excited about it.
People are pretty excited around here.
People are pretty familiar with it.
People are pretty fed up with it already.
People are pretty fed up with war as a problem-solving tool.
People are pretty fickle.
People are pretty friendly and supportive here, too.
People are pretty friendly and willing to help.
People are pretty friendly, and the town of Jackson has some nice shops and restaurants.
People are pretty friendly.
People are pretty good at remembering words, especially if the words have meaning.
People are pretty grounded.
People are pretty happy staring at their TVs the way they are.
People are pretty happy to be getting a stick signed by a player.
People are pretty helpful.
People are pretty loyal around here.
People are pretty much alike.
People are pretty much interchangeable.
People are pretty much on board that they want to do what they can help.
People are pretty much on their own.
People are pretty much the same everywhere.
People are pretty much the same.
People are pretty nervous and scared.
People are pretty nice there.
People are pretty nice, in general.
People are pretty nice.
People are pretty religious about coffee.
People are pretty sad about the whole thing.
People are pretty successful in sailing.
People are pretty tolerant around here.
People are pretty weary, and just want it to be over.
People are pretty willing to help and most love to talk about themselves.
People are pretty worried it seems.
People are price shopping.
People are price-conscious.
People are prime examples of intelligent agents.
People are probably just skeptical about giving information out.
People are probably more familiar with that one.
People are probably most familiar with the blue scandisk screen.
People are probably the sources, through damming, of most new lake basins at present.
People are product.
People are productive when doing what they do best.
People are products of society.
People are products of their environment.
People are profoundly bad, but irresistibly funny.
People are progressive and do appreciate good humor.
People are progressively less inclined to believe what they see and read.
People are prominent in the story, and they are responsible for the action.
People are prone to be cynical.
People are prone to being highly influenced by what they read, see and hear.
People are prone to consider old stories and myths as primitive imaginings.
People are prone to errors.
People are prone to exaggerate when faced with an uncertain fear.
People are prone to feel that a position set firmly in the Scripture is unimportant.
People are prone to having accidents.
People are prone to miscount.
People are protected, they are secured.
People are proud and happy to exhibit their success.
People are proud creatures.
People are proud in what they have developped.
People are proud of being bad at it.
People are proud of that.
People are proud of the existing system and see it as a source of collective values and identity.
People are proud of the fact that there is more thinking nowadays than in the past.
People are proud of the school and very willing to comment and respond when asked.
People are proud of their heritage, their community and their accomplishments.
People are proud of their heritage.
People are proud of their past and just love to tell legends about their heroes.
People are proud of their professional titles and what they have worked for.
People are proud of their things and strive to make their things better.
People are proud that they have iceboxes in Asap.
People are proud to live in such a place, and want to keep it intact and healthy.
People are proud to work there.
People are pulled together at certain times and places, events happen for no appraiant reason.
People are punished for their crimes, mines are shut down for two weeks, etc.
People are puny.
People are pussies.
People are quadriplegics, or diabetics, or alcoholics, or just butt-ugly.
People are quality conscious.
People are queer, they're always crowing, scrambling and rushing about.
People are quick responders.
People are quick to criticize.
People are quick to discern.
People are quick to judge.
People are quick to offer arguments for and against the continued existence of grizzlies.
People are quick to perceive a deliberate deception, and equally prompt to resent it.
People are quick to point out other people's downfalls here in America.
People are quick to respond to a post, and keep a conversation going.
People are quick to tire of the normalcy of life And search fruitlessly for things unattainable.
People are quicker to accept change in their minds than in their hearts.
People are quicker to adapt to change, which is reflected in their tastes and buying philosophy.
People are quiet and isolated in separate buildings.
People are quiet but many smiles.
People are quiet here due to the relaxation of the waters.
People are quirky.
People are quite active and can care for themselves within several weeks of the surgery.
People are quite aware that some neighborhoods are gloomy and others pleasant.
People are quite aware that some neighborhoods are sad and others pleasant.
People are quite careless with e-mail resumes.
People are quite comfortable talking about uncomfortable things in the card shop.
People are quite concerned about waste processing and recycling.
People are quite concerned when the oil prices are down.
People are quite confused about what goes into a design document.
People are quite friendly there.
People are quite good at identifying the good from the bad.
People are quite happy to be here.
People are quite happy when told they have become cadres.
People are quite programmatic in Taiwan.
People are quite responsive and helpful.
People are quite right to say that it is better to see once than to hear a hundred ones.
People are rabid about protecting history here.
People are rabid when it comes to spam.
People are racists, wont change, keep blacks separate from whites.
People are rare in architectural photography, but perhaps they are useful.
People are rational animals.
People are rational ignorant about many things besides politics.
People are reactive creatures, reflecting their emotions like mirrors.
People are readily able to easily see the benefits.
People are readily available.
People are ready and responding well to tobacco control and prevention programs.
People are ready for a broader discussion.
People are ready for a change in late night.
People are ready for a change, something different.
People are ready for a change.
People are ready for it.
People are ready for lunch.
People are ready for something a little different, maybe.
People are ready for something different, something non-ideological, and something that works.
People are ready for spring.
People are ready for that.
People are ready for the creative elements at different points in their education.
People are ready for the truth.
People are ready for unsophisticated, trashy, vaudeville-type humour.
People are ready now to hear someone that's a little more experienced.
People are ready often to die for what they believe in.
People are ready to change.
People are ready to dress up again, ready to be feminine, ready to be beautiful again.
People are ready to listen.
People are ready to move forward and work as a team.
People are ready to party according to the old ways.
People are ready to pay a price for each pleasure in the above list.
People are ready to reexamine previously unassailable subjects.
People are ready to sacrifice if they feel something is worthwhile.
People are ready to see what the coaches have done and see some 'live ammo' action.
People are ready to start building a new country.
People are ready to start the parade near the community house.
People are ready to stop searching and start finding.
People are ready to take a commercial risk, they want to work and earn more.
People are ready to try something new.
People are ready, and it also extends the season for our season-pass holders.
People are ready, willing and able to help.
People are ready.
People are real excited about Michigan women's basketball.
People are real excited.
People are real friendly.
People are real good at paying their taxes in Manatee County.
People are real interested in who passes on and when.
People are real nice about that.
People are real nice.
People are real strong on studying and pursuing further schooling.
People are real, their articulatory apparatus is real, and the connections in their brains are real.
People are real.
People are realistic about moving without an increase or even taking a slight cut.
People are realistic.
People are really appreciative.
People are really apprehensive about what is happening.
People are really attached to the look that s their sexuality, it really means something to people.
People are really bad at rembering how and when their attitudes transform.
People are really beautiful creatures, just gorgeous.
People are really bitchy today.
People are really bullish.
People are really complaining, they seem to feel they're getting ripped off a lot by artists.
People are really confused.
People are really crazy.
People are really diggin' the shows.
People are really ensconced in their lives.
People are really evasive.
People are really excited about having a live person on the end of the line.
People are really excited about it.
People are really excited about that.
People are really excited about the cards themselves, beyond the autographs.
People are really excited about what they're doing.
People are really excited.
People are really fascinating.
People are really fond of feeling confused and ignored.
People are really friendly too - no posiness or agression, just a chilled and happy vibe.
People are really friendly, intelligent, and very professional.
People are really funny creatures.
People are really good and considerate toward train passengers.
People are really good with graphics.
People are really great for donating time and money to a great cause.
People are really happy to give.
People are really hungry for good horror fiction.
People are really hungry for our information about health restoration and wellness.
People are really hungry for something made by someone.
People are really idiots when it comes to sequels.
People are really impressed by how fast the information is received.
People are really impressed with a professional-looking portfolio.
People are really interested and seriously considering it.
People are really interested in dinosaurs.
People are really interested in finding out what's happening.
People are really interested in independent films right now.
People are really interested in it.
People are really interested, and they want to understand how things work.
People are really interested.
People are really into making everything individual.
People are really into that.
People are really just very confused.
People are really keen to do big stunts.
People are really mad at the government.
People are really more farsighted and want to do the right thing for the environment.
People are really nice.
People are really optimistic. . . .
People are really over the chiffon and beads of last year.
People are really passionate about it.
People are really passionate.
People are really pushing siding now, it's quicker.
People are really quite remarkable when they start thinking that they can do things.
People are really rabid about frequent flyer miles.
People are really receptive.
People are really respectful.
People are really scared.
People are really silly when it comes to email addresses.
People are really smart.
People are really stupid about anything technological and complicated, so it's no surprise.
People are really stupid about guns.
People are really surprised, especially around lesbian battering.
People are really thirsty for democracy.
People are really thrilled at what's going on.
People are really tired of hearing about condoms.
People are really to share their knowledge and expertise.
People are really torn up.
People are really uncertain about tomorrow.
People are really upset that someone decided to spoil it.
People are really upset.
People are really very peculiar.
People are really worried.
People are really, really fucked up.
People are really, really nice here.
People are reasonable.
People are reasonably slow to change their behaviours.
People are rebellious at heart.
People are recognizable, as are small animals.
People are recording music, recording data and downloading photographs.
People are regrettably inclined to white wash their past faults.
People are regularly dismembered and disfigured.
People are relatively defenseless, and a man alone in the wild finds it tough to survive.
People are relatively highly educated, with the highest literacy rate in South-East Asia.
People are relatively honest.
People are relatively safe here.
People are relaxed about timings in comparison to the west.
People are relaxed and friendly.
People are relaxed.
People are religious for dishonest reasons.
People are relly excited about it and they talk about it all the time.
People are reluctant because they know the difficulties inherent to that area of the world.
People are reluctant to accept the aid.
People are reluctant to acknowledge problems they feel they can t do anything about.
People are reluctant to answer many personal questions.
People are reluctant to bring other sheep on to their land.
People are reluctant to burst someone's bubble with cold truth.
People are reluctant to buy over the internet using their credit card.
People are reluctant to change positions in an uncertain environment.
People are reluctant to change what they already have an investment in.
People are reluctant to come and then want to come back.
People are reluctant to come forward if they don t have to do it.
People are reluctant to come here for shopping, because they find no parking place.
People are reluctant to come together.
People are reluctant to come up to people in wheelchairs.
People are reluctant to comment on the future as the corporate climate becomes less easy to predict.
People are reluctant to engage in electronic commerce unless they know it's private and protected.
People are reluctant to face trade-offs coupled with choosing a specific course of action.
People are reluctant to further their education by driving long distances.
People are reluctant to get involved in celebrity cases.
People are reluctant to get involved, afraid of drawing fire.
People are reluctant to give credit card numbers over the Web.
People are reluctant to give to systems.
People are reluctant to jeopardize their hard-won health.
People are reluctant to move.
People are reluctant to park a block or two from their destination.
People are reluctant to participate in activities alone.
People are reluctant to put more money into taxes.
People are reluctant to release information on attackers.
People are reluctant to relinquish benefits they have learnt to take for granted.
People are reluctant to say what they actually use on Internet lists.
People are reluctant to speak.
People are reluctant to spend big dollars online.
People are reluctant to tackle the question of happiness for at least two reasons.
People are reluctant to throw coupons away.
People are reluctant to try new software.
People are reluctant to try new things.
People are reluctant to turn over agricultural land for housing.
People are reluctant to understand people other that themselves.
People are reluctant to wear headsets.
People are remarkably good at identifying objects on the basis of limited cues.
People are remarkably lazy about doing their homework.
People are remarkably overconfident.
People are repelled by many aspects of human cloning.
People are representatives of clouds - more people, more clouds.
People are represented by numbers only.
People are resilient.
People are resistant to change, even if it's for the better.
People are resistant to change, even when they know it is for the better.
People are resistant to change.
People are resistant to looking biblically and radically at our societal assumptions.
People are resistant to paying attention.
People are resistant when faced with decisions before they see any value.
People are resistant.
People are resistent to change.
People are resources .
People are resources.
People are respectful of each other.
People are response-able, the primary agents in determining their own behaviour.
People are responsible and accountable for their actions.
People are responsible for and to others.
People are responsible for choosing their own destinies because they chose freely from alternatives.
People are responsible for content on the Internet.
People are responsible for maintaining their own health through healthy living.
People are responsible for other catastrophes.
People are responsible for protecting and improving their environment.
People are responsible for the choices they make.
People are responsible for the documents they author and make available publicly on the Web.
People are responsible for the protection, aid, and comfort of their own families.
People are responsible for the success of any enterprise.
People are responsible for their actions.
People are responsible for their choices.
People are responsible for their deliberate and conscious behavior. . . .
People are responsible for their deliberate and conscious behavior.
People are responsible for their own actions.
People are responsible for their own fears.
People are responsible for their own healing and heal at their own pace.
People are responsible for their own medical care and expenses.
People are responsible for their own mistakes.
People are responsible for their own performance.
People are responsible for themselves and can make their own decisions.
People are responsible for themselves plain and simple.
People are responsible to protect and improve their environment.
People are responsible.
People are restless, waiting for the spectacular.
People are restless.
People are richer than they are being given credit for.
People are richer.
People are right outside.
People are right to ask to see a warrant.
People are right to be alarmed when judges give light sentences for murder and other violent crimes.
People are right to be cautious about any operation.
People are right to point to the burgeoning professional class.
People are right to raise the point that the new highway program is expensive.
People are right, scripting is very powerful.
People are right.
People are righteous.
People are rightly angry that New Labour allows the rich to keep stealing that money.
People are rightly concerned about the dangers of smoking.
People are rightly concerned by dramatic acts like school shootings and terrorist bombings.
People are rightly outraged when a child is abused or murdered anywhere.
People are rightly wary of it.
People are role playing, and playing out a fantasy role.
People are roughly the same everywhere.
People are RSVPing through e-mail.
People are rude here.
People are rude to some animals.
People are rude, less patient and more aggressive.
People are rude.
People are sad.
People are sadder but wiser, and, fortunately, they are just as visionary as ever.
People are safe in their homes and on the streets.
People are safe.
People are safer dealing with well-known and trusted merchants.
People are safer from natural accidents, and disease then ever before.
People are safer, richer and live in a cleaner environment.
People are same essentially.
People are sane.
People are satisfied to run a federation of specialization.
People are satisfied with services.
People are satisfied with their personal life situations.
People are saying fuck the chain, fuck everything else.
People are scarce.
People are scared about money.
People are scared about pesticides.
People are scared about the future.
People are scared about the traumatic event happening again.
People are scared all over the place.
People are scared and rightly so.
People are scared and upset.
People are scared and want to feel they have control and protection.
People are scared because they are taking our water.
People are scared because they can be sued.
People are scared by it.
People are scared for good reason.
People are scared half-silly about crime on the Internet.
People are scared of anything that casts a shadow.
People are scared of beef now.
People are scared of giving an idea for fear of being judged.
People are scared of losing.
People are scared of one another.
People are scared of squatters.
People are scared of suicide, so they try to stay away from it.
People are scared of the board and quite often feel compelled to go and burn it in the backyard.
People are scared of the future.
People are scared of the speed and the merging that occur in traffic circles.
People are scared of the unknown.
People are scared out of their wits.
People are scared that if they ask consumers what they want they'll say everything.
People are scared to buy much until they see how the power issue settles.
People are scared to come out of there doors.
People are scared to come out.
People are scared to come to town.
People are scared to death of cancer.
People are scared to death of the witch doctors, because they often place curses on folks.
People are scared to death of their own divinity.
People are scared to death they're in line for a commuting or a telecommuting population.
People are scared to death.
People are scared to do business with upstarts.
People are scared to even ask why they are delayed for an hour, late at night.
People are scared to fly.
People are scared to say the soup's cold.
People are scared to take deductions because of their fear.
People are scared to talk.
People are scared to tell the truth.
People are scared to venture out after dark or alone.
People are scared, and when they get scared they stop spending.
People are scared, angry, and feeling betrayed.
People are scared, panicky, and foolish.
People are scared, there are so many rumors.
People are scared, they think it s a big-wig job.
People are scared, threatened, angry and frustrated.
People are scared.
People are scattered all over the world, our readiness is down and our equipment is wearing out.
People are schmucks.
People are screaming, There s still kids in the building.
People are second best.
People are secondary.
People are second-guessing and questioning it.
People are secretive and moody.
People are secretive.
People are secure about their personal safety and health care in a sustainable society.
People are secure in their communal existence, in the countryside, in the cities, in the towns.
People are security.
People are seeing all prospects, all hope for the future melt away.
People are seen as making systematic progression in a certain order through a series of phases.
People are selective relativist.
People are selective, but they ve opened up to value ideas.
People are self interested, so are companies.
People are self-centered, and they want everything to come back to what they already know.
People are self-contained computers usually capable of far more than they think they are.
People are self-disciplined.
People are selfish .
People are selfish and harsh now.
People are selfish.
People are self-medicating without any guidance.
People are self-selecting.
People are selling their animals to buy flour - that is if they have any livestock left.
People are semi-retired.
People are sensitive about knowledge about themselves being disclosed.
People are sensitive about public virtue vs. private lives.
People are sensitive and can be hurt very easily.
People are sensitive to color.
People are sensitive to contradictions and inconsistencies.
People are sensitive to different things.
People are sensitive to the pain relief medications.
People are sensitive to their surroundings and any changes to it.
People are sensitive to values by which they identify themselves.
People are sentimental.
People are serene when they look at the words.
People are serious and committed.
People are serious in their demand and their resolve.
People are serious in their jobs because they want to reach their goals.
People are serious on their demand and their resolve.
People are service oriented, educated and progressive.
People are seven times more likely to respond if the call is toll-free.
People are severely flawed.
People are sexual beings.
People are sexually active much earlier now and are much more comfortable with their sexuality.
People are sheep.
People are shitheads.
People are shocked and horrified by what has happened here.
People are shocked at first when they hear it, but that's all.
People are shocked at that.
People are shocked how many they've never even heard of.
People are shocked when they hear that body parts from babies are being sold.
People are shocked.
People are short of breath mostly when they lie down because fluid seeps throughout the lung tissue.
People are shortsighted on investments and it takes more money upfront to build geothermal.
People are shortsighted on investments, and it takes more money upfront to build geothermal.
People are shortsighted.
People are shuttled to the southern tip by a tram service.
People are shy and nervous.
People are shy.
People are sick and just needing help.
People are sick and tired and some are outraged.
People are sick and tired because they are rotting inside, or in other words fermenting or molding.
People are sick and tired of Afro-American nationalists.
People are sick and tired of being slaves to their jobs.
People are sick and tired of doom and gloom.
People are sick and tired of feeling bad over relationships.
People are sick and tired of the frenetic, high-pressure shopping mall experience.
People are sick and tired of unchecked development and environmental degradation.
People are sick and tired of vending machine politics.
People are sick and tired of waiting.
People are sick and tired of working in run-down office buildings.
People are sick in bed.
People are sick of clean living and want to go crazy.
People are sick of commuting so if they work in town, they want to be close to town.
People are sick of commuting.
People are sick of companies that are long on pitch but short on personality.
People are sick of football.
People are sick of it all.
People are sick of it.
People are sick of politicians dumping the issue in the too hard basket.
People are sick of politics and partisanship.
People are sick of politics.
People are sick of that word.
People are sick of the negative ads.
People are sick of the partisan wrangling that has paralyzed Washington in recent years.
People are sick of the revisionist approach to aliens and future beings.
People are sick of the talk of another referendum.
People are sick of the violence.
People are sick of upgrading.
People are sick of working.
People are sick to death of being gouged at the gas station.
People are sick to the teeth of processed and hyped pop bands.
People are sick, children die, but the greedy poisoner remains undetected.
People are sick, dying, or dead.
People are sick, they're misguided or they're stupid, but they're never bad.
People are sick.
People are sickos.
People are silent.
People are silly and childlike in thinking that it is for the peace of mind.
People are simple in their living and they dislike ostentation.
People are simply afraid of the unknown.
People are simply afraid.
People are simply angry when they see politics and prejudice dressed up as science and certainty.
People are simply characters without a plot.
People are simply in their cars for longer periods of time.
People are simply more comfortable in a solar home that is full of natural daylight and open spaces.
People are simply more comfortable with simple email interaction.
People are simply people.
People are simply pre-disposed to killing each other.
People are simply proud of the young musician's success.
People are simply sick of the product.
People are simply the result of chance.
People are simply victims of their addiction.
People are sinful by nature therefore, there are prisions.
People are sinful by nature.
People are sinful, but redeemable.
People are single issue-oriented.
People are skansters.
People are skeptical of organized religion and they mistrust religious leaders.
People are skeptical when they first approach the device.
People are skeptical.
People are skeptics, and on the Internet, they have every right to be.
People are slaughtered and in turn exterminate their fellows.
People are slaves to fear and loneliness, to illness and to disability.
People are slow to alter their habits and harder to train than dogs.
People are slow to fill up an empty collection plate and a little salt gets things going.
People are slow to let go of political and religious differences.
People are slow to make commitments.
People are sly, but addicts are even slyer.
People are smart about their money and their priorities.
People are smart agents, richly interconnected.
People are smart and clever and wise.
People are smart and most people want fresh food.
People are smart enough to make their own choices.
People are smart in different ways.
People are smart, interested in all sorts of topical, intellectual, cultural things.
People are smart, they can handle it.
People are smart.
People are smarter than flimmakers want to believe.
People are smarter than television.
People are smelly and personal.
People are so accustomed to conformity that it actually scares most people to think for themselves.
People are so accustomed to thinking of the past as being fixed, unchangeable.
People are so afraid of emotions.
People are so afraid of having bone problems, they create a whole new set by starving their horses.
People are so afraid of having their bodies become impure.
People are so afraid of liability.
People are so afraid of such a new level.
People are so afraid of taking chances.
People are so afraid.
People are so aggressive.
People are so amazing.
People are so annoying.
People are so anthropocentric.
People are so anxious and excited to race that they do things that are a little more risky.
People are so appreciative.
People are so ashamed of singing.
People are so attuned to seeing corporate billboards when they drive down the road.
People are so biased.
People are so blind.
People are so body conscious, especially at that age.
People are so busy making money that they never stop to think about the quality of their lives.
People are so busy now, they have no time for small talk.
People are so busy today.
People are so busy.
People are so careful about their lawns in Fort Worth.
People are so careless in their living.
People are so caring and supportive.
People are so cavalier when they come in.
People are so cheap here.
People are so close to the field they can see the stitches on the baseballs.
People are so complicated.
People are so concerned about kids and their violence.
People are so concerned about spoiling their babies.
People are so conditioned to believe in cures.
People are so confused about themselves, the confusion can sometimes lead to personal downfalls.
People are so confused about what to do with their family affairs, love life, finances, health.
People are so cool.
People are so creative in Guyana.
People are so creul.
People are so crunched for time that they just want to get their exercise or workout over with.
People are so curious about it.
People are so cynical about honesty.
People are so cynical about stuff, they believe the first bad thing they'll hear about a politician.
People are so cynical about the possibilities for group progress.
People are so damn rude.
People are so damn weird.
People ARE so damned lazy mentally.
People are so damned self-centered and inconsiderate.
People are so deceived that they can smile and walk out the door with their shoulders thrown back.
People are so deep into their defenses.
People are so different all over the world.
People are so different here.
People are so different in all parts of the world.
People are so different in how they act in Mississippi.
People are so different, their constitutions, physical condition, age in life.
People are so disgusted.
People are so distracted and deceived in their blind trust of the government.
People are so eager to deify . . .
People are so eager to find quick answers to very difficult questions.
People are so easy to trick.
People are so enthusiastic.
People are so excited about the new millennium.
People are so expensive.
People are so fascinated with figures.
People are so fickle. . . .
People are so flattered to have students come and see what they do.
People are so focused on their looks taht they forget the best benefits of exercise are invisible.
People are so focused on themselves that they lack passion for the lost.
People are so freakin jumpy to get involved.
People are so friendly and generous.
People are so friendly and happy to be there.
People are so friendly and willing to help.
People are so friendly here.
People are so friendly, and they share their love.
People are so friendly, patient, outgoing and accepting.
People are so friendly.
People are so fucking juvenile.
People are so full of energy and very kind.
People are so funny about that.
People are so generous and caring.
People are so generous.
People are so glad to have help with technology.
People are so good out there.
People are so grateful and are changing the dialogue with their own teens.
People are so grateful to have jobs.
People are so grateful.
People are so gullible.
People are so happy to come to work each day and are proud of the work they do.
People are so happy to feel more empowered.
People are so happy to have a new life and new relationships with their kids.
People are so hard to read sometimes.
People are so hard to train sometimes.
People are so helpful and friendly.
People are so helpful, especially when there's baseball.
People are so hungry for information.
People are so hungry that they're dividing up a grasshopper for a meal.
People are so hungry to make money that they seem blind to potential conflicts of interest.
People are so hypocritical about things - even religion .
People are so hypocritical.
People are so ignorant.
People are so impatient.
People are so indifferent to each other.
People are so interesting and open - it's easy to make friends quickly.
People are so interesting.
People are so into their own game they tend to forget there are people on the course.
People are so intolerant when they believe in different religion.
People are so involved with their music.
People are so ironic sometimes.
People are so irreverent to life.
People are so isolated here.
People are so jazzed about vampires and ghosts . . .
People are so judgmental.
People are so kind.
People are so lame.
People are so lazy.
People are so lemming-like.
People are so litigation-happy. . . .
People are so money-conscious, they ignore 'little' issues like freedom.
People are so motivated by fear.
People are so much into the revenge factor, an eye for an eye.
People are so much more accepting when they are adults.
People are so much more complex than that.
People are so much more flexible than computers and so prone to suggestion.
People are so much more hardworking, kids are less spoiled.
People are so much more interested in it now.
People are so much more relaxed because they're rolling over into a new millennium.
People are so much themselves then that it's especially touching.
People are so mutton-like sometimes.
People are so narrow minded.
People are so narrow-minded.
People are so needy.
People are so nice and friendly.
People are so nice here.
People are so nice.
People are so oblivious to others.
People are so obsessed with form.
People are so open here.
People are so outraged at the prospective death toll.
People are so passionate about it.
People are so passionate about music.
People are so passionate about what they want to do.
People are so passionate.
People are so peoplish.
People are so pleased with it that they have almost forgotten just how much it cost to build.
People are so plugged-in, constantly on the phone, fax, and email.
People are so poor in Russia today that they have stopped caring about others, let alone refugees.
People are so predictable.
People are so proud of their efforts, and far more productive.
People are so ready for good new and kind news.
People are so ready to go off on each other.
People are so ready to protect their pets right now.
People are so ready to quit when things get tough.
People are so resistant to doing anything for youth.
People are so responsive and dedicated.
People are so rude.
People are so rushed and pressured that they can snap at the slightest provocation.
People are so rushed, things are constantly changing, from jobs to technology and the economy.
People are so sad.
People are so scared of nakedness and sex.
People are so scared.
People are so scattered.
People are so self-absorbed and yet terribly apathetic.
People are so senseless.
People are so serious nowadays.
People are so serious on stigmatizing people.
People are so sick of it.
People are so sloppy when it comes to managing their desktop.
People are so sneaky.
People are so snooty about children's literature.
People are so so so much more than just eating sleeping working machines.
People are so specialized now, placing no value on being well-rounded.
People are so stingy with love, gestures of appreciation and gratitude.
People are so stoopid.
People are so strange.
People are so stressed and tense and angry.
People are so stressed.
People are so stubborn tho, they dont believe in making things better.
People are so stuck in negative thinking in their day to day lives.
People are so stupid and naive.
People are so stupid sometimes.
People are so stupid, selfish, and apathetic.
People are so stupid.
People are SO stupid.
People are so superficial.
People are so supportive.
People are so suspicious.
People are so talented.
People are so temporal mental.
People are so terribly easy to manipulate.
People are so tied up with the festivities that they don t have time to check out films.
People are so tight.
People are so tired of all the Asian food.
People are so tuned in to their videos and film.
People are so unfamiliar with the symptoms of a stroke.
People are so unpredictable and inexplicable.
People are so used to getting their needs met government that personal initiative is down.
People are so used to hearing of death and violence they have no empathy.
People are so used to that.
People are so used to the sell-offs.
People are so vain.
People are so very nice.
People are so warm and happy.
People are so weak and easy to control.
People are so willing to be famous that they'll even debase themselves.
People are so willing to believe gossip without questioning the source.
People are so willing, but it is so hard for the patient to ask.
People are so wonderful.
People are so worried about everything.
People are so worried about having their feelings hurt.
People are social animals and therefore it is only natural to have such feelings.
People are social animals.
People are social beings by nature.
People are social beings more than individuals.
People are social beings.
People are social, perceptive creatures whose preferred way of learning is often experimental.
People are social.
People are sold , bought , and traded much like slaves .
People are sold, bought, and traded much like slaves.
People are sometimes afraid to give blood and there is nothing to be afraid of.
People are sometimes afraid to tell their sexual partner that they have an infection.
People are sometimes concerned about the weather conditions on the equator.
People are sometimes disappointed when they come here and expect something more spectacular.
People are sometimes hesitant about contemporary music.
People are sometimes imprecise about their desires, even to themselves.
People are sometimes interested in determining how the tax is split between suppliers and buyers.
People are sometimes more socially active than at other times.
People are sometimes nice, sometimes incredibly impertinent.
People are sometimes surprised at the athletic abilities of our athletes.
People are sometimes surprised at the idea of serving a sweeter wine with dinner.
People are sometimes surprised to find secondhand items priced higher than new ones.
People are sometimes unsure of how to go about actually moving toward reconciliation.
People are sometimes wrong.
People are somewhat tolerant of video degradation.
People are somewhat voyeuristic by nature.
People are sophisticated today.
People are sort of funny about their music.
People are sources of narcissistic supply.
People are special because they are all different.
People are special in their own unique ways.
People are spending more time with their kids and restaurant-going is a reflection of that.
People are spending too doggone much time on their yards, that's why.
People are spies, or traffic in arms, or they are transvestites, or gamblers.
People are spiritually hungry in ways that they weren t in the old world.
People are spiritually inquisitive nowadays.
People are spiritually sick because of their sins.
People are spontaneous and prefer to buy with credit versus cash.
People are startin' to get some money.
People are steer wrestling and calf roping everywhere around here.
People are still a little confused.
People are still a priority, whether by phone or letter or banging on the door.
People are still able to create accounts, and to log in.
People are still able to go searching for gold in the park .
People are still able to go searching for gold in the park.
People are still able to object to their valuation in the normal way.
People are still absolutely worshipful.
People are still absorbing what they have just heard.
People are still accountable to the whole system.
People are still afraid here.
People are still afraid of it, but that s their problem.
People are still afraid to express their opinions, to start fighting.
People are still alive who remember it.
People are still amazed at how smoothly everything went.
People are still at the core of community building.
People are still at work in the Circuits Lab.
People are still baffled when they see a Muslim woman on the bus.
People are still being suppressed , Nkoli points out.
People are still China's greatest resource.
People are still close enough to be shopping and spending money in Fulton.
People are still confronted with suffering, mass graves continue to be opened.
People are still confused today over the calendar.
People are still conscious of class and as concerned with income as ever.
People are still everywhere, but smiles have replaced the cloned, expressionless faces of the past.
People are still excited about the future.
People are still free in America.
People are still friendly.
People are still happy to burn themselves, and pay for it, in pursuit of the right image.
People are still happy.
People are still here, and it's lit up at night.
People are still homeless.
People are still hopeful.
People are still hungry when students are on summer break.
People are still hungry.
People are still in danger.
People are still in jail for expressing themselves.
People are still in jail.
People are still in shock.
People are still in town and the pool management has had the chance to work out any kinks.
People are still in very bad shape from the flooding, even now.
People are still interested in basic e-mail messaging.
People are still interested.
People are still leery about flying.
People are still less mobile than currency, goods, and ideas.
People are still overworked and the loan for the family home still takes a lifetime to pay off.
People are still people and rules of social awareness apply.
People are still people online.
People are still people, and people mess up.
People are still polite and friendly.
People are still prejudiced against different races and ethnic groups.
People are still prejudiced.
People are still prepared to claimb onto roof, to build barricades or to taking actions.
People are still prepared to fight on.
People are still prepared to forego CD quality to get the music cheaper.
People are still pretty confused.
People are still proud of their town and towk together to make good things happen.
People are still proud to say they are from New York City and relate to things New York.
People are still quite keen on making short-term profit, in speculating.
People are still really deeply affected.
People are still reluctant to send their credit card details over the web.
People are still reluctant to use credit cards, even with secure encrypted transactions.
People are still scared they can contract the disease from touching somebody else.
People are still sick unnecessarily.
People are still somewhat happy and willing to shop.
People are still stuck in the idea of Aboriginal culture as dot paintings and red earth.
People are still surprised when they see it arrive on time.
People are still the best source of information.
People are still their biggest enemy.
People are still under siege, unable to go to work or shop in their own town.
People are still unwilling to invest long term, largely because of a lack of law.
People are still upset about it.
People are still very cautious.
People are still very concerned about posting their material if only a logline on line.
People are still very ignorant.
People are still very much focused on the overhang of debt and the excess of capacity.
People are still very much interested but seem to be turning their backs on the real problems.
People are still very nervous about putting credit card numbers into their computer.
People are still very nervous about putting their credit card numbers into an ecommerce site.
People are still very quick to turn bullish.
People are still very reluctant.
People are still very shocked by it.
People are still very stirred up.
People are still very upset.
People are still very wary about giving out that sort of information with good reason.
People are still very wary about giving out that sort of information.
People are still very wary about giving out that sort of information-with good reason.
People are still willing to borrow money to finance spending.
People are still willing to pay more for superior service, even online.
People are still, and forever continue, to be fascinated by the shape of the pyramid.
People are still, even tonight, waiting in trees and on rooftops to be rescued.
People are stingy.
People are stoked to get their rec.
People Are Strange' .
People are strange at sporting events, they turn into obnoxious animals.
People are strange creatures.
People Are Strange dr.
People are strange here, but more importantly they are honest to themselves and their community.
People are strange, and sometimes do wrong.
People are strange, complex, unavoidably flawed, and yet noble in many ways.
People are strange.
People are strapped for credit and there's a downturn in the economy.
People are strong, resilient creatures.
People are stubborn.
People are stuck inside being inactive for so long.
People are stung when they accidentally step on a stingray.
People are stung when they blunder into a passing jellyfish.
People are stunned, but they also know it's part of the sport.
People are stunned, looking for ground.
People are Stupid .
People are stupid and ignorant.
People are stupid and lazy and bad.
People are stupid and they like gossip.
People are stupid and unquestioning beings who subscribe to deadly and absurd ideas.
People are stupid by nature.
People are stupid enough as it is now, they're lazy and self-centered.
People are stupid enough to do anything to get in the public eye.
People are Stupid, cont.
People are stupid.
People Are Stupid.
People are stupider than anybody.
People are subject to physical and chemical laws that influence their behavior.
People are subjects rather than objects.
People are substance.
People are successes if they just stay out of prison.
People are successful if they work hard.
People are such creatures of habit.
People are such goddamn phonies.
People are such high-aired asses and noses around here.
People are such sheep.
People are such skilled hunters.
People are such suckers.
People are such wimps.
People are such wonderful machines.
People are suckers for give aways.
People are suckers for giveaways.
People are suckers for mindless beach-reading.
People are suicidal only for a limited period of time.
People are suicidal, in homicidal rages, inert and unable to rise from their beds.
People are super friendly.
People are superficial.
People are superstitious here.
People are superstitious.
People are supportive of different ideas.
People are supportive of the public funding of biotech and the new products that result.
People are sure to come with ideas and recommendations.
People are sure to notice.
People are surprised about the delayed reaction.
People are surprised afterwards at how they feel they have contributed to the meaning of the film.
People are surprised at how big our menu is.
People are surprised at how fast it is.
People are surprised at how many people are upgrading.
People are surprised at how much the people in D line depend on the food from the land.
People are surprised at what they see inside.
People are surprised by that.
People are surprised by the interactivity of the exhibit.
People are surprised by what women are doing.
People are surprised that the question can even be asked.
People are surprised the first time they hear a cheetah call.
People are surprised to find that treatments are actually quite relaxing.
People are surprised to find their legs shaking and sweat on their brow during tai chi.
People are surprised to hear that.
People are surprised to learn that a dusty old horned lizard has been found in the cornerstone.
People are surprised to learn that our students compete in swim meets, bowling, wrestling and track.
People are surprised to learn that the intact penis requires no special care.
People are surprised to learn that there are rules guiding our practices, conduct.
People are surprised to see such large sharks in shallow water.
People are surprised to see their local dry cleaners on the database.
People are surprised when they come down to find what they find.
People are surprised when they come into the store.
People are surprised when they discover how much expectations vary from department to department.
People are surprised when they find out what a serving is.
People are surprised when they find out where they get most of their information.
People are surprised when they find out who's doing the spamming.
People are surprised with how much aggression currently exists in society.
People are surprised.
People are surprising, both negatively and positively when viewing someone with medical problems.
People are surprising.
People are surprisingly generous.
People are surprisingly open about describing the problems in their workplace.
People are surprisingly receptive.
People are surprisingly similar to each other.
People are susceptible to depression for many reasons.
People are susceptible to influenza infection throughout their lives.
People are suspicious of advertising - the best advert is satisfied parents.
People are suspicious of being pinned down before they even know what the options are.
People are suspicious of each other.
People are suspicious of schools.
People are suspicious of too commercial looking broadcasts.
People are suspicious when there is no trust.
People are suspicious, because they lack knowledge.
People are suspicious.
People are swarming through the technology-crammed space, their faces rapt with deadline.
People are sweet, give an apple.
People are symmetrical.
People are symptoms of dreams.
People are tactile.
People are talkative, but about silly things.
People are talkin' - talkin' 'bout Dubya.
People are taller now.
People are tangible and their age is measurable, revealing far more accurate forecasts over time.
People are tense, uncaring and vapid.
People are terribly cynical about politics.
People are terribly worried about the costs of processing illegitimate boat people refugees.
People are territorial and suspicious by nature.
People are terror stricken as loved ones vanish before their eyes.
People are terror-stricken as loved ones vanish before their eyes.
People are tested to see what they have learned.
People are thankful for acts of kindness, no matter how little.
People are that jacked up for it.
People are that way from childhood.
People are that way here.
People are that way, too.
People are that way.
People are the agents of change.
People are the barn owls' biggest enemies.
People are the basis for everything else.
People are the basis of Old Republic s dynamic standing in the title insurance industry.
People are the basis of our significance.
People are the beginning and the end of every business.
People are the best asset any company can have.
People are the best judge of their own bodies and know how to handle things.
People are the best memories.
People are the best regulators of their own behaviors.
People are the best resources for learning gift giving customs.
People are the biggest investment a company makes.
People are the biggest obstacle to the advancement and use of technology.
People are the biggest threat to the survival of the Asian rhino.
People are the cause of all the problems.
People are the center of our development efforts in Africa.
People are the center of our existence.
People are the center of the world.
People are the central focus for a policy on tourism.
People are the change in organizational change.
People are the changers in the process.
People are the Chapter's most important resource.
People are the church.
People are the common denominator of progress.
People are the common denominator.
People ARE the company.
People are the competitive advantage of business.
People are the core of any health services research project.
People are the core of our business.
People are the core of the business.
People are the cornerstone of our business.
People are the critical element.
People are the critical success factor for most organizations.
People are the culprits, human society is.
People are the deciding factor.
People are the delivery system.
People are the devil's prey.
People are the difference.
People are the draw.
People are the drivers of today's competitive business advantages.
People are the engine of prosperity.
People are the engines of success.
People are the entire purpose of all our economic activity.
People are the essential members of any partnership.
People are the essential resource that sets apart the average company from the exceptional company.
People are the final arbiter of their own type.
People are the first animal to dominate the earth because of intellect and cooperation.
People are the focus of our organization.
People are the foundation of great organizations.
People are the foundation of our success and the key to achieving our vision.
People are the generators, recipients and users of knowledge and the products that flow from it.
People are the greatest asset to any company.
People are the greatest source of capital.
People are the hardest ones in terms of getting it right.
People are the heart and soul of any business.
People are the heart and soul of any successful organization.
People are the heart and spirit of all that counts.
People are the heart of an agency.
People are the highest element of creation.
People are the history and herstory that have made and appreciated art through the ages.
People are the hottest media.
People are the ideas and innovation behind our next technological advance.
People are the institutions.
People are the instruments that transfer prayers into music and words.
People are the key business resource for any region.
People are the key in any educational pursuit.
People are the key in competency-based systems.
People are the key resource for most businesses.
People are the key resource in permaculture.
People are the key resource, and to manage people effectively requires effective leadership.
People are the key resources and their effective use is critical to a successful operation.
People are the key to achieving our vision.
People are the key to achieving the educational mission.
People are the key to any change success.
People are the key to any service and support program.
People are the key to change.
People are the key to effective technology integration.
People are the key to ensuring quality.
People are the key to learning success.
People are the key to life.
People are the key to scientific and technological advance and economic and social progress.
People are the key to success for any organization.
People are the key to success.
People are the key to successful technology programs.
People are the key to that.
People are the key to unlocking other people's potential.
People are the key, partnership is critical and the process needs to be right.
People are the key.
People are the killer app.
People are the life blood of our organisation.
People are the life of the church.
People are the lifeblood of a company.
People are the lifeblood of any business enterprise.
People are the lifeblood of any business.
People are the lifeblood of organizations.
People are the lifeline of any organization.
People are the main assets of any organization.
People are the main reason knapweed is spreading across the country.
People are the major cause of knapweed spread.
People are the major factor in implementing new ideas successfully.
People are the masters of a country.
People are the means and the immediate point of the business.
People are the message.
People are the most common denominator for lexicography all over the world.
People are the most complex variable in the planning equation.
People are the most critical element of any organization or system.
People are the most effective coordinators of processes in har-mony with and enabled by technology.
People are the most important and valuable resource of any nation.
People are the most important asset of any organization.
People are the most important asset that our systems have.
People are the most important asset.
People are the most important component in a successful crisis management plan.
People are the most important component of schools, and people tend to behave as they are treated.
People are the most important consideration when joining a new group.
People are the most important element in protecting our environment.
People are the most important factor.
People are the most important ingredient to any industry.
People are the most important part of any business, and our people are the best.
People are the most important part of the transformation process.
People are the most important piece of the puzzle.
People are the most important resource and unhappy people cause major problems.
People are the most important resource in an enterprise.
People are the most important resource of any organization.
People are the most important resource.
People are the most important resources because they have knowledge and skills.
People are the most important resources in organizations.
People are the most important thing.
People are the most interesting and perhaps most difficult subject.
People are the most interesting thing in the world, whether they're real or fictional.
People are the most successful and satisfied when they are employed doing what they love to do.
People are the most useless species, on the face of the planet.
People are the most valuable asset during an emergency.
People are the most valuable assets of any business.
People are the most variable, least predictable, and most important part of any system.
People are the most vulnerable chain in long-term space expedition.
People are the ones who are human or inhuman.
People are the ones who attach human justification to the actions.
People are the ones who can tell their stories better than anybody else.
People are the ones who have to act.
People are the ones who learn from others.
People are the only animal that drinks the milk of the mother of another species.
People are the only competitive difference within the restaurant industry.
People are the only creatures on earth who can laugh.
People are the only ones who kill their young while still unborn.
People are the only source of blood.
People are the only source.
People are the only thing in the universe with purpose.
People are the only thing that matter.
People are the opposite.
People are the owner and the source of the power.
People are the pilgrims and pilgrimages provide people the ability to freely move about and advance.
People ARE the point.
People are the power behind every enterprise, but people belong first and foremost to families.
People are the primary culprits of introducing and spreading the noxious non-native weed.
People are the primary data-gathering instruments.
People are the primary organizational resource.
People are the primary resource of any organization.
People are the principal enablers.
People are the priority.
People are the prisoners of our society.
People are the problem, and criminals are the biggest problem of the whole equation.
People are the problem, but people are also the solution.
People are the problem.
People are the product of freedom.
People are the product of the socializing experiences of their generation.
People are the product of their culture and only imagine they are self-governing.
People are the rainbows in our neighborhoods.
People are the raw resource around which business success revolves.
People are the real actors in any initiative.
People are the real key to effective action plans, particularly in a small towns.
People are the real sources of information.
People are the root of all evil.
People are the same all over the world.
People are the same and they have the same needs.
People are the same as reflections.
People are the same everywhere.
People are the same from Kentucky down to the glades.
People are the same in that they identify themselves within social environments.
People are the same no matter what the milieu is.
People are the same the world over.
People are the same way.
People are the same whatever their race.
People are the same yet different.
People are the same, they have different weaknesses, different strengths and stuff.
People are the same, though their circumstances differ terribly.
People are the same.
People are the single most important ingredient of the success formula.
People are the solution or the problem.
People are the solution.
People are the soul of the project.
People are the source of a great deal of knowledge within the hobby.
People are the source of most comfort.
People are the source of our strength.
People are the source of problems and are burdens on the organization.
People are the strength of our past and the foundation of our future.
People are the subject matter of all courses in human development.
People are the subjects of history.
People are the teachers.
People are the thinking animals, and much of civilization proceeds intelligently.
People are the treasure.
People are the ultimate resource.
People are the variable that's left.
People are the vehicle.
People are the very best toys.
People are the very opposite.
People are the vital link to any organization s success.
People are the way they are.
People are the weakest link in any computer security scheme.
People are the wombat's worst enemy.
People are the world s greatest capital.
People are their chief enemy.
People are their main predators.
People are their own people.
People are their passion.
People are their very best when they live and work with passion , purpose and balance.
People are their words.
People are themselves - warts and all.
People are then a productive asset rather than an unnecessary cost burden.
People are then able to make calls, and they do so'.
People are then able to orient themselves and walk out.
People are then freely willing to trade freedom for security.
People are then overcrowded in small areas where the land is fertile.
People are theoretically susceptible to infection.
People are there because they want to be there.
People are there everyday.
People are there for fun.
People are there for recreation.
People are there for sun and fun, birds for food and rest.
People are there for very different reasons and they'd like to see it go in different ways.
People are there more for the parties than the money, which makes for good parties.
People are there more smiling, and the nature always green and healthy.
People are there now maintaining livestock, doing laundry.
People are there on the cusp between life and death.
People are there to be cool.
People are there to have a good time.
People are there to have fun, and usually are willing to help others out in a pinch.
People are there to hike and bike and enjoy the outdoors.
People are there to lend a hand, and an ambulance takes the drowning victim to the hospital.
People are there to party.
People are there to socialize.
People are there to take the drugs and dance and just feel good.
People are there together.
People are there, lots of people, interacting with each other.
People are there.
People are therefore only too glad to dismiss it as stupid, meaningless, and worthless.
People are therefore, given false images to what is going on.
People are they key to everything.
People are third.
People are thirsty for help and very willing to make the right adjustments.
People are thorough and driven, and they're crazy about technology.
People are thoughtful in Hollywood and appreciative.
People are thoughtless or feel themselves immune.
People are thrilled that videoconferencing has become so user friendly.
People are thrilled when they see the results.
People are thrilled. . . .
People are through with their work and in no big hurry.
People are timed and the person who is quickest wins.
People are time-starved today and the eye naturally gravitates to a picture.
People are time-starved.
People are tip-toeing around.
People are tired after a seizure.
People are tired and playing safe.
People are tired and sick and hungry.
People are tired but feel really good.
People are tired of a continual diet of negativity.
People are tired of a definition with more holes than a sponge.
People are tired of all the interruptions and distractions.
People are tired of always filling out the same information again and again.
People are tired of an endless stream of software updates.
People are tired of band-aids all over the campus.
People are tired of being condemned by hypocrites.
People are tired of being dictated to by the funeral industry.
People are tired of being hoodwinked.
People are tired of being lied to and insulted.
People are tired of being lied to.
People are tired of being swindled and scammed at every turn.
People are tired of being told what to do.
People are tired of buying from inept sales folks and service by techs who dont really give a damn.
People are tired of congestion and they want to use advanced passenger trains as the way out.
People are tired of dirty.
People are tired of divisiveness.
People are tired of doing that transportation bit, and Chicago has grown.
People are tired of doom and gloom, which is why our bands are coming back.
People are tired of fighting.
People are tired of figures, charges and counter-charges.
People are tired of fixing old pipes.
People are tired of getting something that was created for everyone.
People are tired of going to South Philadelphia to see a game or concert.
People are tired of going to web sites with little to no solid informational content.
People are tired of hassles and long lines and forms to fill out.
People are tired of having to go to a well to just get water.
People are tired of hearing about it.
People are tired of hearing it.
People are tired of hearing the jargon from both sides.
People are tired of hearing the same pablum repeated over and over.
People are tired of hearing the same songs over and over.
People are tired of helping Africa.
People are tired of irresponsibility, substance abuse, wasteful living, promiscuity, and cheating.
People are tired of it.
People are tired of living off yesterday s leftovers.
People are tired of losing.
People are tired of mediocrity and false hopes.
People are tired of memories.
People are tired of negative campaigning, especially right now.
People are tired of negative criticism, it's too easy.
People are tired of negativity and stuff.
People are tired of negativity.
People are tired of partisan bickering.
People are tired of paying by the minute.
People are tired of paying ever-higher taxes and working harder to subsidize big government.
People are tired of paying for that.
People are tired of paying high gas prices, and they are starting to look at alternatives.
People are tired of paying tolls.
People are tired of political and diplomatic talk.
People are tired of potato chips.
People are tired of reading about the wining and dining of lobbyists.
People are tired of riots and high crime rates and are eager for a safe, secure place to live.
People are tired of sham.
People are tired of sitting in parking lots having trouble getting to work.
People are tired of so much information and pollution.
People are tired of subsidizing shows with jury fees.
People are tired of sweatshop conditions, whether it's sorting garbage or working in factories.
People are tired of taking drugs and concerned about their potentially devastating side effects.
People are tired of talking.
People are tired of that.
People are tired of the confusion.
People are tired of the crap that's out there.
People are tired of the delay.
People are tired of the fighting.
People are tired of the hatred and killing in their community.
People are tired of the jurisdictional battles and turf wars.
People are tired of the modern belief that everything can be answered by science and reason.
People are tired of the mud slinging, they're tired of the negative ads.
People are tired of the poor. . . .
People are tired of the problems they see and hear about every day in their communities.
People are tired of the same old charity rigamarole.
People are tired of the same old sales lines.
People are tired of the same old things, of things that are scripted, the sense of predictability.
People are tired of the same thing.
People are tired of the wayang - and just want the country to move on from the current impasse.
People are tired of traditional politicians.
People are tired of war.
People are tired on arrival, after their journey.
People are tired, and their consciences are tired.
People are tired, and want a rest.
People are tired, ready for bed, and they've already heard the news earlier in the day.
People are tired, weary and worn out, and some are almost ready to give up the battle.
People are tired.
People are to a great extent accomplices in the reigning spectacle.
People are to be friends.
People are to be given the benefit of the doubt until they cease to deserve it.
People are to be given the chance to turn all unwanted medicines to safe-keeping.
People are to be led as opposed to being managed.
People are to be respected.
People are to be responsible for the care and safety of their own belongings and instruments.
People are to be whipped into line by the lure of safety in numbers.
People are to call to make reservations.
People are to concerned about purchaseing gifts they have lost the true meaning.
People are to do good and refrain from evil.
People are to exercise justice and righteousness as individuals.
People are to feel guilty until proved innocent.
People are to involved to establish new connections.
People are to share only at a level which feels comfortable.
People are to some extent forging a path.
People are to stay away from their nesting areas.
People are together morning, afternoon, and evening.
People are toldabout preserving their environment, healthcare, food andnutrition.
People are tolerant of visitors.
People are tolerant, friendly and accessible, but it works the way it works.
People are too afraid of how they look to live .
People are too afraid of offending.
People are too afraid to speak out .
People are too anxious to say what they want to say.
People are too busy fighting or hiding in any shelter they can find.
People are too busy for each other.
People are too busy keeping ahead of theIr neighbour.
People are too busy nowadays.
People are too busy to be social.
People are too busy to care.
People are too busy to get involved in larger issues.
People are too busy trying to get laid to talk to their friends.
People are too busy trying to make money.
People are too busy trying to make that extra shilling that health and fitness comes last.
People are too busy, going to work, coming home, and it's nice to watch someone else's life.
People are too busy, it is said.
People are too caught up in the daily struggle for survival to pour a lot of energy into ideology.
People are too chicken to ask.
People are too complicated.
People are too concerned about the way they look to eat anything they actually enjoy.
People are too concerned with being 'in their head' rathe r than 'out of their head'.
People are too cynical to expect anything more than what they're getting now.
People are too damned sensitive.
People are too damned spoiled.
People are too dangerous to look at.
People are too daring and lose their lives.
People are too demanding, loud, unpredictable and so on.
People are too dependent on government.
People are too dependent on the Internet.
People are too different for that.
People are too distant.
People are too embedded in ethnicity or in religion.
People are too fashion conscience here.
People are too focused on the winner.
People are too fond of idle talk, of maliciously disparaging others.
People are too fragile.
People are too frightened to face the fact of the matter.
People are too frightened to fly.
People are too frightened to talk because they get thrown out.
People are too greedy.
People are too immature to have a balanced opinion.
People are too impatient for change.
People are too interested in hanging on to their jobs to worry about ideology.
People are too interested in self gain and self interest.
People are too keen to give away money.
People are too lazy to switch the channel.
People are too lazy to think and are afraid of change.
People are too lazy to type the extra four letters.
People are too lazy, etc.
People are too obsessed with popularity.
People are too often prone to let good aspects take care of themselves, as well as the evil.
People are too often resistant to change.
People are too overworked to prepare regular meals at home from fresh, whole, unprocessed foods.
People are too polite.
People are too prejudiced.
People are too proud, spending hundreds of dollars and getting in trouble financially.
People are too quick to get divorces.
People are too quick to jump to conclusions.
People are too relaxed.
People are too rigid in their views of sexuality.
People are too scared to report what they know.
People are too scary.
People are too self-centered.
People are too self-conscious.
People are too selfish to think of themselves as an illusion.
People are too selfish.
People are too sensitive.
People are too serious.
People are too slow to figure themselves out.
People are too smart for that too.
People are too smart for that.
People are too smart to be satisfied with window dressing and promises.
People are too smart.
People are too spread out and go to too many places for it to work.
People are too stupid to have guns, too stupid to keep a job and too stupid to get into college.
People are too stupid to put on their seatbelts.
People are too terrified even to poke their nose outside.
People are too tired and worn out to give the effort needed to be a good partner.
People are too tired.
People are too uptight, unfriendly, and conservative.
People are too used to going where they please.
People are too willing to judge before having all the facts, and they chose to hate the unknown.
People are too worried about technology.
People are too worried about value.
People are totally convinced.
People are totally loyal to the driver from their country.
People are touchy about being labeled.
People are touchy, sensitive.
People are touchy.
People are tough.
People are tremendously concerned about the unmitigated loss of open space in their own communities.
People are tribal.
People are trigger-shy about coming forward with their symptoms.
People are truly frightened, though loathe to admit it.
People are truly hungry and thirsty.
People are typically scanners, readers, browsers or in depth users.
People are typically very friendly and responsive.
People are ugly.
People are ultimately responsible for their own thinking and actions.
People are unable to accept that the Kingdom of God is present.
People are unable to be good consumers, they have no money, thus more layoffs occur.
People are unable to move from one town to the next, even for medical treatment.
People are unable to read, therefore unable to interpret scripture.
People are unable to return to traditional structures now that reforms have fallen through.
People are unable to secure enough parts.
People are unanimous about that.
People are unaware of the destruction of farm lands by the petro-chemical industry.
People are unaware of the environmental impacts of used oils.
People are unaware of the problems and loss of awareness that accompanies car phones.
People are unaware of the things that are slowly destroying our Earth.
People are unbelievable.
People are unbelievably kind when they've seen how much something matters.
People are uncertain about the best way to go about getting the clients.
People are uncertain as to how things are here.
People are uncertain by the times.
People are uncertain of their values.
People are uncivilised and patience has completely dissolved.
People are unclear on what they are feeling.
People are uncomfortable asserting their best attributes.
People are uncomfortable coming here, and it's a damn shame.
People are uncomfortable with color.
People are uncomfortable with death and our society discourages the expression of grief.
People are uncomfortable with silence.
People are uncomfortable with tears, yet tears are a natural part of grieving.
People are uncommitted to decisions.
People are under a lot of pressure.
People are under great economic and psychological pressure.
People are under no obligation to accept cheques for payment.
People are under pressure, the world is fast moving and leaving people behind.
People are under some very false concepts.
People are under the impression that developing client-server applications generally costs too much.
People are under the impression that service meant rendering help to the forlorn and the weak.
People are under tremendous stress to keep up with the rapid rate of change.
People are understandably angry and want retribution for the unprecedented violent attacks.
People are understandably confused about what philosophy is.
People are understandably curious about the lives of the authors of great software.
People are understandably upset.
People are understandably wary, and very slow to reach for their wallets.
People are understanding.
People are uneasy about that.
People are uneasy about travelling.
People are uneasy when there are so many changes in buying and selling hospitals.
People are unemployed and live in tiny make-shift shacks.
People are unemployed.
People are unfair.
People are unhappy amidst plenty of wealth, possessions, prestige and conveniences.
People are unhappy with the equipment at the lagoon.
People are unhappy, despairing, angry.
People are uninformed.
People are uninterested because they have no information.
People are unique individuals who process differently and at different speeds.
People are unique, and they do things in dissimilar ways.
People are unique.
People are uniquely different, and treatment decisions are uniquely different.
People are unlikely to be motivated to enter a workplace in which they are unwelcome.
People are unlikely to conduct business when they can smell fear in the room.
People are unlikely to eat fries in the D.C. subway, and they'll belt up their kids.
People are unlikely to get bored if the group stays active and keeps doing new things.
People are unlikely to notice that one is missing.
People are unpredictable and almost always developed new wants.
People are unpredictable and scary in today's society.
People are unpredictable, they can leave, get sick, and they can die.
People are unpredictable.
People are unpretentious, caring, creative and very proud.
People are unproductive waiting in traffic or lines.
People are unreasonable, illogical and self centered.
People are unreasonable, illogical and self-centered.
People are unreasonable, illogical, and self-centered.
People are unreasonable, illogical, self-centered.
People are unreasonable, illolgical, and self-centered.
People are unsure about the variety of activities and what our objectives are.
People are unsure and insecure.
People are unsure how to rely on their hearing.
People are unsure of the new technology.
People are unsure of their insurance coverage.
People are unsure whom and what to believe about the deaths.
People are unwilling to invest in the older parts of the community.
People are unwilling to take the views of others into consideration.
People are up here studying everything.
People are up in arms in Florida and other places.
People are up in arms promoting their views both for and against the bill.
People are upbeat, positive and full of energy.
People are upset about it, obviously, and frustrated by it.
People are upset about telemarketers interfering with their precious family and personal time.
People are upset and fed up, and their opportunities are shrinking.
People are upset because they want a diagnosis.
People are upset in general.
People are upset that they have to look at an ad because it gets in the way of stealing music.
People are upset that they've been manipulated.
People are upset, and kids are crying.
People are upset, no matter what their political persuasion.
People are upset, they're shocked, they're concerned about the future of the country.
People are upset.
People are uptight.
People are urged to winterize vehicles and plumbing before the winterlike temperatures arrive.
People are use to hearing buy low and sell high.
People are usually a unique combination of the doshas .
People are usually able to resume their normal activities within a few days.
People are usually amazed at how fast it works and how effective it is.
People are usually amazed that they feel so little.
People are usually at the point of desperation when they get around to hiring freelancers.
People are usually aware of all of the rules of their culture.
People are usually close to nature , and inherit old good custom.
People are usually cool about stinking away in their own filth.
People are usually fairly good at recognizing when someone is being terribly unfair.
People are usually frightened of it just like typhoon coming.
People are usually generous with their knowledge.
People are usually glad they've gotten up and shaken out the cobwebs.
People are usually glad to help because they want to know how it is all done.
People are usually glad to see a new face.
People are usually happiest in jobs that match their interests and personality type.
People are usually happiest when they have the chance to do the things they do well.
People are usually happy to help.
People are usually happy to provide information, advice and insight.
People are usually healthy and active.
People are usually horny because they're thinking about sex.
People are usually in a hurry on-line.
People are usually in 'cloud nine' when they fall in love.
People are usually interested in the subject, and naturism is something to be proud of.
People are usually more aware of associated emotions.
People are usually more candid when they are out of the workplace.
People are usually more concerned with whether their swimsuits fit.
People are usually more hesitant to approach larger groups of people.
People are usually more receptive to working things out and comprising when they feel understood.
People are usually more than happy to tip on a goodexperience.
People are usually nice enough to include a pointer to the new address.
People are usually of all ages.
People are usually on the younger side and seem to fit right in with the music.
People are usually on their best behaviour when they come to court.
People are usually open and helpful.
People are usually pretty good and spotting phony things.
People are usually proud of their Indian ancestry and often overstate it.
People are usually really generous with money going to their church during the holidays.
People are usually really nice.
People are usually reasonable.
People are usually resistant to mandatory training.
People are usually shy to bring in any new processes.
People are usually so busy that they lose sight of the big picture.
People are usually surprised and excited to discover the variety and openness of what is offered.
People are usually surprised at both the normal life expectancy and size that goldfish reach.
People are usually surprised to hear that, because of all our prisons.
People are usually there in the evening hours.
People are usually unaware of their adaptors.
People are usually very grateful to have someone to talk with.
People are usually very happy with the accommodations.
People are usually very understanding when young children are involved.
People are usually willing to abide by the rules if they understand why they are there.
People are vaguely aware that doctors and nurses too often thwart death simply because they can.
People are valuable if they are strong, rich, wanted.
People are valuable.
People are very . .
People are very accepting of the concept, both young and old.
People are very accurate at reading aloud pronounceable nonwords.
People are very adaptable Test instruments.
People are very adaptable, even when changes are coming very fast and the stress is very grave.
People are very adept at disturbing the soil through tilling and construction.
People are very afraid of commitment.
People are very afraid of disclosure still.
People are very ambitions here.
People are very angry about the bombing of Serbia.
People are very angry that the price of petrol can go up and down within a very short space of time.
People are very angry.
People are very anxious about the possible infection of family members, friends, and school mates.
People are very anxious to take home evidence of their being here.
People are very anxious to vote.
People are very appreciative.
People are very attentive and respectful in Japan, they listen and learn a lot of music.
People are very attracted to are senery and are very impressed with our schools.
People are very attracted to western writing right now, for many reasons.
People are very aware.
People are very bitter about it.
People are very busy and some lists are very busy, too.
People are very busy here and sometimes forget to sign or fill out something.
People are very busy.
People are very calm.
People are very careful about what kind of food and meat they buy.
People are very cautions about moving around.
People are very civil, almost to a fault.
People are very clever at generating interest.
People are very close to their history . .
People are very comfortable being racist when they think nobody around is going to tell.
People are very comfortable buying what they know and are familiar with.
People are very comfortable directly contacting a peer who works in another area.
People are very comfortable working online now.
People are very committed to the economic well being of Fulton.
People are very complex creatures.
People are very complex organisms.
People are very complicated and confusing at times.
People are very concerned about human parasites, intestinal worms and flukes.
People are very concerned about that.
People are very concerned about the cost.
People are very concerned about the forest.
People are very concerned about the price spikes.
People are very concerned about their county, their town.
People are very concerned about things like privacy and Internet fraud.
People are very concerned about whether they have a profit or a loss in a stock they own.
People are very concerned over what the Mideast violence is going to mean.
People are very concerned that insulin can cause weight gain.
People are very concerned with housing density, air quality and, of course, safety.
People are very concerned with students being able to read with proficiency by third grade.
People are very concerned. . . .
People are very conflicted.
People are very confused about the structures of the committees.
People are very confused.
People are very conscientious about it.
People are very conscious here.
People are very conscious of their responsibilities as citizens of the globe.
People are very conservative about borders.
People are very considerate.
People are very courteous and very cordial.
People are very creative.
People are very curious about it.
People are very curious about technology.
People are very curious about the music.
People are very curious and want to study and understand new things.
People are very curious, but often keep their distance.
People are very dependent on public transport and some of the systems work pretty well for people.
People are very desperate.
People are very determined to fight. .
People are very different and their sleeping patterns are different too.
People are very different.
People are very disappointed.
People are very discouraged by referral services that list only paying participants.
People are very diverse.
People are very divided about smoking.
People are very down to earth.
People are very eager to get involved.
People are very educated here and very receptive to anything.
People are very energized.
People are very enthused about traditional archery.
People are very enthusiastic and many are willing to help with the campaign.
People are very enthusiastic.
People are very environmentally conscious here.
People are very excited about our message of rediscovering America through the humanities.
People are very excited about proactive management of networks.
People are very excited.
People are very fascinated with twins and other multiples.
People are very fascinated with what they don t understand.
People are very fickle about what cities they think are hip.
People are very focused and friendly.
People are very focused on their neighborhood.
People are very fond of their cigarette brands.
People are very forgiving.
People are very fragile, including newborns, accident victims, infectious disease patients.
People are very friendly also helpful during difficult times.
People are very friendly and accommodating.
People are very friendly and being visited and visiting every day becomes a normal way of life.
People are very friendly and helpful.
People are very friendly and it is a good place to raise kids.
People are very friendly and kind.
People are very friendly and look out for each other.
People are very friendly and teamwork oriented.
People are very friendly and understanding of the needs of our small business.
People are very friendly and very concerned about the village.
People are very friendly and very nice.
People are very friendly here.
People are very friendly in Virginia.
People are very friendly, landscape and everything else is beautiful.
People are very friendly, stopping to introduce themselves on the street.
People are very friendly, there are a lot of quiet places, a lot of beautiful things to see.
People are very friendly.
People are very frightened right now.
People are very frightened to ask for the tape to be stopped before consulting the solicitor.
People are very frightened.
People are very frustrated with paper government.
People are very funny.
People are very generous with their produce.
People are very generous with their time and everyone agreed to do it without pay.
People are very generous.
People are very giving.
People are very good about paying their mortgages.
People are very good at figuring out the meaning of things that are ambiguous.
People are very good at finding and pursuing their comparative advantages.
People are very good at having opinions.
People are very good at justifying the things that they do.
People are very good at making excuses to make their crimes more palatable.
People are very good at tuning out mass e-mail.
People are very grateful.
People are very happy to find someone they can speak with.
People are very happy with it.
People are very happy with the finishes because they are eco-friendly and have low emissions.
People are very happy, especially older folks and parents with small kids.
People are very hard.
People are very health-minded now.
People are very helpful and friendly.
People are very helpful and supportive.
People are very helpful to one another.
People are very helpful.
People are very hospitable there, but the thing is that no white person did that before.
People are very hostile.
People are very ignorant and stubborn in America.
People are very ill informed about the real nature of science.
People are very impressed by all of the great work that the graduates are doing in the field.
People are very impressed with the area.
People are very informed about it.
People are very ingenious in finding new ways to apply technology.
People are very innovative.
People are very intelligent and adventurers.
People are very interested in an international exchange.
People are very interested in anything that has to do with history.
People are very interested in art there.
People are very interested in foreigners.
People are very interested in how the team is doing.
People are very interested in measurement and how to know that their dollar is performing.
People are very interested in preserving their personal security online.
People are very interested in the bagpipes.
People are very interested.
People are very intrigued by insects, by the alien characteristics bugs have.
People are very intrigued by that.
People are very inventive and even managed to borrow squash through the closed doors.
People are very isolated, yet seem to be quite satisfied with their lives.
People are very jealous about retaining their administrative boundaries.
People are very judgmental about sexual orientation and it's very irritating.
People are very judgmental.
People are very jumpy about the issue.
People are very kind in the Midwest.
People are very kind.
People are very likable.
People are very loath to use something if it's going to interfere with their word processing.
People are very loose in what they call external communications materials.
People are very loyal here.
People are very merry.
People are very mobile here.
People are very moralistic about drug users, but our stance is the same.
People are very much concerned about the problem.
People are very much in awe of stained glass.
People are very much in the dark about the whole concept.
People are very much interested in hearing philosophy when it is spoken by a child.
People are very much interested in service.
People are very much into being natural.
People are very much used to their experience on the Internet at home.
People are very nervous as to whether the government has control over the whole situation.
People are very nervous, very anxious.
People are very nervous, very hyper.
People are very nice and very organized.
People are very nice around here.
People are very nice in Oklahoma.
People are very nice, and it seemed very safe.
People are very nice.
People are very open and talk freely.
People are very open minded there.
People are very open to friendships, business associations and affiliations.
People are very open to on-line communication.
People are very open.
People are very opinionated on the subject.
People are very outgoing, caring, and warm.
People are very passionate about motor racing and they know the risks.
People are very passionate about motor racing.
People are very patronizing.
People are very personal and friendly.
People are very pissed off at the corporations and they're very aware.
People are very pleased with the results.
People are very politically aware, but it's mellow and nice.
People are very poor, get sick, are hungry and die.
People are very poor.
People are very positive about the crosswalk.
People are very positive.
People are very practical out here.
People are very protective of Highlands.
People are very protective of the area.
People are very protective of their space.
People are very proud of that heritage.
People are very proud of the South and their Southern symbols.
People are very proud to say they work here.
People are very pure and whole, especially with the land and ocean.
People are very quarrel and they behave like an animal.
People are very quick to call about problems with the public schools.
People are very quick to make macroeconomic pronouncements about how to solve the problems in Asia.
People are very reactive now.
People are very ready to help.
People are very receptive to common phrases and catchy words.
People are very receptive to venison.
People are very receptive.
People are very religious about the music they like.
People are very resistant to change.
People are very respectful of people's opinions and people's differences.
People are very respectful of the neighborhood.
People are very responsive.
People are very reticent to trigger that kind of alarm,. .
People are very right to be concerned about food safety issues.
People are very sad, very angry.
People are very savvy, and they know what they want.
People are very scared.
People are VERY scared.
People are very self-sufficient in their ideas of less government instead of more government.
People are very self-sufficient.
People are very sensitive about their kids.
People are very sensitive about their paychecks, after all.
People are very sensitive about where they put their money.
People are very sensitive now.
People are very sensitive to child abuse today.
People are very sensitive to destruction.
People are very sensitive to other individuals' eye positions.
People are very sensitive.
People are very serious about their work.
People are very serious here about recycling and proper disposal.
People are very set in how they prepare their maize - it's almost mystical.
People are very similar to their ancestors when it comes to storing body fat.
People are very similar, and at the same time very different from each other.
People are very skeptical about the invisible.
People are very skeptical of proclamations that the world is coming to an end.
People are very skeptical.
People are very skittish about tests.
People are very skittish out there.
People are very slow to change their minds so it can be hard to change an unfavourable view.
People are very slow to recognize that they have a problem.
People are very smart here.
People are very smart.
People are very sociable and kind to visitors in Seoul.
People are very solidly in favor of that.
People are very special.
People are very specific about what they select.
People are very stable here.
People are very strange.
People are very strict about queueing and waiting their turn.
People are very studious here.
People are very suggestible.
People are very supportive and have lots of ideas.
People are very supportive because it is in their back yard.
People are very supportive for business growth and opportunity.
People are very supportive of our struggle.
People are very supportive of recycling.
People are very susceptible to that.
People are very sympathetic in such situations.
People are very sympathetic to helping the good work of churches, mosques and synagogues.
People are very tender for months and years after they lose someone they care about.
People are very tense.
People are very territorial.
People are very timid about changing their minds.
People are very tired of all the lies they have heard over the years .
People are very tired of seeing the very graphic shows.
People are very tired of spending their hard earned money and going nowhere but to the 'poor farm'.
People are very tired of the war.
People are very tired of what's passing for country music anymore.
People are very touchy about the programs they use.
People are very trusting on the Web.
People are very unhappy with the situation.
People are very unhappy with the system of government right now.
People are very unjaded here.
People are very unpretentious, very hard-working and honest.
People are very upbeat about it.
People are very upset about the economy.
People are very upset about the mosquito problem in the county.
People are very upset that the prosecution was so weak.
People are very upset with the three full-time officials and how they handled the sewage overflows.
People are very upset.
People are very very worried.
People are very visual.
People are very vulnerable when they cry.
People are very warm and friendly in the South.
People are very warm and genuine.
People are very warm.
People are very wary about winding up on mailing lists - or worst of all, telemarketing lists.
People are very wary of handing out personal information.
People are very wary.
People are very welcoming and genuinely helpful, friendly and sociable.
People are very well aware that something's worse than it used to be.
People are very well taken care of.
People are very willing to bargain towards the end of the day.
People are very willing to criticize and very unwilling to offer to make a difference.
People are very willing to help out with questions and concerns.
People are very willing to judge, period.
People are very willing to share their thoughts, experiences and contacts.
People are very worried about epinions going out of business.
People are very worried about questions like that.
People are very worried about the health implications.
People are very worried in terms of safety.
People are very worried.
People are very, very angry about what is happening.
People are very, very angry and serious about doing something about their pay.
People are very, very careful about what they do around here.
People are very, very deficient in taking five fruits and vegetables a day, especially raw.
People are very, very fearful of their job security there.
People are very, very friendly.
People are very, very good, and they send money.
People are very, very interested in South Florida.
People are very, very resistant to change.
People are very, very scared.
People are very, very supportive.
People are very, very upset.
People are very, very, frightened.
People are vey open- minded.
People are victims of their genetic make-up and are therefore relieved of any moral responsibility.
People are vigilant about potential dangers to their identities.
People are violent because they never learned to disagree in a non-violent way.
People are virtually under continuous fear of attack.
People are visceral and sports are visceral so the tie is tight.
People are visibly shocked when they see photos of the logging in the canyon.
People are visual animals.
People are visual by nature.
People are visual creatures.
People are visually oriented.
People are vital to the success or instrumental to the failure of any organization.
People are vital, physical beings.
People are viviparous.
People are vulnerable and that can be really attractive.
People are vulnerable to despots whenever there is a large movement of wealth between social strata.
People are vulnerable to shopping rituals and TV inspired greed.
People are vulnerable to slick ads.
People are vulnerable whenever they make a choice - nobody likes to make a mistake.
People are vulnerable.
People are waiting in lines up to two hours to get building permits, city officials say.
People are warm and dry.
People are warm and friendly.
People are warm in that part of the world.
People are warm, relaxed, laid-back and willing to have fun.
People are warm.
People are warned to avoid eating shrimp and lobster.
People are wary of change, especially when they are told they have no say in it.
People are wary of that, so it can be a tricky balancing act.
People are wary of the ease with which their personal information can be collected and used.
People are wary of the Internet, so transparency is paramount.
People are wary, hold bundles tightly, hear words as stone.
People are wasteful of cheap resources, because they are cheap.
People are watchin'.
People are way overreacting.
People are way too harsh about the age thing.
People are weak in a time of fear.
People are weak, and there is so much to do.
People are weak, and they're lonely, too.
People are weak.
People are weak-they are attached to places.
People are weary and tired of fighting one another over secondary issues.
People are weary of it.
People are weary of scientific specialization and rationalism and intellectualism.
People are weary of the image of Appalachian hillbillies in miners' hats and rope belts.
People are weary.
People are weird.
People are welcome at all times.
People are welcome at the nature preserve, but only in canoes or on foot.
People are welcome here, wherever they come from.
People are welcome in our church family from every denominational background.
People are welcome to attend any part of the retreat.
People are welcome to attend at any point throughout the day.
People are welcome to attend for only part of the camp and to pay a reduced cost.
People are welcome to attend one, several, or all of the sessions.
People are welcome to attend the meeting and present their views.
People are welcome to bring and eat lunches during lecture.
People are welcome to bring friends and come unannounced.
People are welcome to bring lawn or folding chairs, blankets and coolers.
People are welcome to bring memorabilia to share with one another.
People are welcome to bring their lunch and dine while the meeting is in progress.
People are welcome to bring their lunch.
People are welcome to buy gifts as individuals, teams, and offices etc.
People are welcome to buy gifts as individuals, teams, offices, schools etc.
People are welcome to come and go as they please.
People are welcome to come and go during the marathon.
People are welcome to come in and use computers themselves on site.
People are welcome to come in the party.
People are welcome to come to one or both prayer times.
People are welcome to discuss any particular dietary practice.
People are welcome to dress informally for worship, and that is modeled by ushers and greeters.
People are welcome to email about bookings or make their inquiries online.
People are welcome to enter studies in studio practice or art history with no background in art.
People are welcome to examine the documents by using the buttons below.
People are welcome to form teams and participate or to come as spectators.
People are welcome to help themselves to a snack at any time during the service.
People are welcome to join at any time during the year.
People are welcome to join list and participate in calls.
People are welcome to join the conference at any time.
People are welcome to join the group at any time.
People are welcome to join the team next year, owever.
People are welcome to join.
People are welcome to linger.
People are welcome to partake and continue discussion.
People are welcome to send information to post to it.
People are welcome to show up and join in.
People are welcome to start their own subgroups also.
People are welcome to state their beef.
People are welcome to stay and continue their research in the search room after the session.
People are welcome to stay here as long as they want.
People are welcome to stay the whole night or to show support by attending for several hours.
People are welcome to stop by for hot coffee, apple cider and good food.
People are welcome to submit inventions or requests.
People are welcome to take the teachings and meditations on whatever level they like.
People are welcome to take work home and work out of the office.
People are welcome to talk to the press about the alternative sexual community in general.
People are welcome to thrash at anything and everything in there.
People are welcome to walk in.
People are welcome to walk to the fishing grounds.
People are welcome to walk.
People are welcome to watch and get a free drink of cider right off the press.
People are welcome whenever they can come, and for the amount of time that fits their schedule.
People are welcome, but only on nature's terms.
People are well aware of the rollback of the arsenic standard.
People are well clothed and nobody looks hungry.
People are well connected and network extremely well.
People are well organized to defend the community against the epidemic.
People are well trained.
People are well-connected to their cultural traditions.
People are well-traveled now.
People are whack.
People are what Guam is truly about.
People are what make a difference.
People are what make all of our celebrations so wonderful.
People are what make an event great.
People are what make business go forward and make it fun.
People are what make life exciting and livable.
People are what make our company the best it can be.
People are what make phonelines work.
People are what make programs work.
People are what make that equipment produce the necessary results.
People are what make the atmosphere.
People are what make the difference between mediocrity and truly superior achievements.
People are what make the difference here.
People are what make the difference.
People are what make trust work fascinating and satisfying.
People are what makes a successful racing team.
People are what makes technology happen.
People are what makes the fishing, the hunting, and the camping so memorable.
People are what makes the world go around.
People are what parties feed on.
People are what produce profits.
People are what really matter.
People are what they are.
People are what they do, and what people do affects every aspect of who they are.
People are what they have been.
People are what they like.
People are what turn technology into instruments of help and tools of hope.
People are what's happening.
People are what's important in life.
People are what's important.
People are whipped until bloody.
People are who they are because of what they have experienced.
People are who they are.
People are whores in so many different ways.
People are wide awake, and, if they are Wired types, they are near their computers.
People are wide-eyed at first when they hear the words 'blind' and 'golf' in the same sentence.
People are willing and ready to help one another.
People are willing to accept almost anything, believe almost anything, permit almost anything.
People are willing to accept the PC as a facilitator.
People are willing to break their necks for own ideas.
People are willing to buy at high-end shows.
People are willing to change their behavior because it's so cheap.
People are willing to commute.
People are willing to consider leaving their jobs because they feel unsettled.
People are willing to cooperate and help each other out beyond the bounds of their research groups.
People are willing to deal with traffic and road construction in order to use their roads.
People are willing to die, however, for something they believe is genuinely true.
People are willing to discuss the material or talk about other school-related activities.
People are willing to do many things for money.
People are willing to do whatever it takes to maintain their habits of perpetual laziness.
People are willing to download.
People are willing to drive an hour to live in a place they want to live in.
People are willing to eat smaller portions only if that portion really tastes wonderful.
People are willing to experiment with desserts so it is a good food to use with soy.
People are willing to fight for excellent service from that department, fair treatment and dignity.
People are willing to fight.
People are willing to find their own answers instead of staying on hold to reach tech support.
People are willing to fly to have their work done at a quality shop.
People are willing to follow when leaders are willing to lead.
People are willing to forgive their enemies.
People are willing to give their life up before renouncing it.
People are willing to give toys away.
People are willing to give up choice for a price advantage.
People are willing to give up leisure time for voluntary activities for the community good.
People are willing to give up privacy in order to catch crooks.
People are willing to give whatever is necessary to protect that view.
People are willing to grab onto anything to back up their prediction of doom.
People are willing to help one another.
People are willing to keep an eye on things for each other.
People are willing to live with what's out there.
People are willing to look at different types of dogs as being fine with extra weight.
People are willing to look at new opportunities.
People are willing to overlook side effects when it comes to treating a life-threatening disease.
People are willing to pay a bit more to buy from knowledgeable, local retailers.
People are willing to pay a little bit more for better service.
People are willing to pay a premium for that.
People are willing to pay a premium for their cars.
People are willing to pay for ebooks.
People are willing to pay for good, convenient riding arrangements.
People are willing to pay for it.
People are willing to pay for matchmaking that works.
People are willing to pay for quality, uniqueness.
People are willing to pay for security.
People are willing to pay for the use of money.
People are willing to pay for things providing they get choice and options.
People are willing to pay for things.
People are willing to pay for useful services.
People are willing to pay if it's a premier service.
People are willing to pay if they get good value.
People are willing to pay more for a tame budgie.
People are willing to pay more for the disk because they can print fresh quality pages any time.
People are willing to pay more rent than advertised.
People are willing to pay more to get energy that is easier on the earth.
People are willing to pay something to get less material that is more targeted to their interests.
People are willing to pay tax at the point of purchase.
People are willing to pay the price.
People are willing to pay their taxes voluntarily now, because they feel the system is fair.
People are willing to pay through taxes for community services they consider vital.
People are willing to pay to fly coca out of our region.
People are willing to pay to get places faster.
People are willing to pay to reduce the hassle of traveling.
People are willing to pitch in and do their jobs.
People are willing to pitch in to share ideas and make things happen.
People are willing to play the game.
People are willing to rape everything out of our mother to make a few bucks.
People are willing to sacrifice for something that they are very hungry for.
People are willing to sacrifice their freedom, their careers, and even their lives for revenge.
People are willing to save water.
People are willing to send checks and money orders without thinking about it.
People are willing to share shop secrets and techniques.
People are willing to slave away for others only as long as they think things are getting better.
People are willing to speak out and be engaged in a national debate.
People are willing to spend a little bit of money to get the best possible name for their business.
People are willing to spend a lot of time and money watching icebergs.
People are willing to spend a ton of money to essentially take forever to get somewhere.
People are willing to spend money on pets.
People are willing to spend money to improve specific quality of life issues.
People are willing to suffer in both mental and physical aspects.
People are willing to tackle important and complex issues.
People are willing to take artistic risks.
People are willing to take challenges, they are willing to go that extra mile.
People are willing to take chances.
People are willing to take cuts to save jobs, if such plans are explained and implemented carefully.
People are willing to take interns.
People are willing to take measurable risks.
People are willing to take risks there.
People are willing to take sex seriously even as they are vaguely titillated by doing so.
People are willing to talk about family and even fatherhood.
People are willing to talk to each other even if they hold very different points of views.
People are willing to tolerate subtle sales overtones if done in an informative and interesting way.
People are willing to work at local levels and in professional associations.
People are window shopping.
People are wise to be treat bears with caution.
People are wise to that lie.
People are wise.
People are wiser about the amount of money in publishing.
People are with schools, but they have no idea where they are.
People are without heating oil.
People are without homes and missing loved ones.
People are without spiritual discipline and prayer, without renunciation and dispassion.
People are witness to the crash in the stock markets which ruined lakhs of small investors.
People are Wonderful .
People are wonderful.
People are wonderfully creative in how, when and why they express themselves.
People are wonderfully unique, especially so when it comes to serotonin.
People are wont to regard every enactment as law.
People are worried about death.
People are worried about education, housing, immigrants, territories.
People are worried about fraud.
People are worried about funding cuts.
People are worried about genetically modified organisms getting into the environment.
People are worried about getting to the restaurants, the movies, the shopping malls.
People are worried about health care in Ontario.
People are worried about intimidation.
People are worried about it.
People are worried about jobs and companies are concerned about sales.
People are worried about jobs now, everyone is.
People are worried about literally being buried in their own solid waste.
People are worried about more than taxes.
People are worried about production methods on the farm and in processing plants.
People are worried about search engines peering over their shoulder when they search for stuff.
People are worried about security issues and fraud.
People are worried about serial numbers on microchips.
People are worried about the arithmetic nature of the algorithm.
People are worried about the economy, the efficiency of the government and the outflow of money.
People are worried about the effects of changing the current policy at a premature stage.
People are worried about the future of their children.
People are worried about the future.
People are worried about the impact of pollution on their health.
People are worried about the impact on house prices and so on if the rail services alter.
People are worried about the quality of their housing.
People are worried about the small amounts of radioactive liquids and gases that they emit.
People are worried about the smoke and wondering if the fires are close by.
People are worried about the state of the oceans.
People are worried about their bottom lines.
People are worried about their future ability to feed their families.
People are worried about their futures and their children's futures.
People are worried about their futures.
People are worried about their health, but they're also concerned about their jobs.
People are worried about their image and with whom they are seen.
People are worried about their jobs.
People are worried about what is outside their home.
People are worried right now.
People are worried to take action, to make the wrong decision.
People are worried to trust others that they meet.
People are worried when they think of a possible attack by China.
People are worried, but it's an unknown worry.
People are worried, but they are going back to work.
People are worried, people really want to know what is happening.
People are worried.
People Are Worried.
People are worse now.
People are worth fighting for to save.
People are worth more than anything.
People are worth more than things.
People are writhing in agony, flames are burning, moans of pain and despair are everywhere.
People are writing simple applets, that's about it.
People are wrong.
People are, after all, a company's most important asset in many cases.
People are, although mosquito-borne pathogens run second.
People are, and always have been, interested in their health.
People are, at last, no longer calling Sydney the sleeping giant.
People are, by nature, creatures that gravitate toward others like themselves.
People are, by nature, curious.
People are, by nature, habitual and conservative.
People are, by nature, problem-solvers.
People are, by nature, unpredictable.
People are, elsewhere, but in English.
People are, for the first time, using animals to transport goods.
People are, for the most part, interested in serious conversation.
People are, however, very suspicious about such declarations.
People are, in an incredible way, so very trusting.
People are, in essence, doing their own profiling.
People are, in general, friendly and hospitable.
People are, indeed, too busy to waste time reading a lot of material.
People are, of course, free to disagree.
People are, of course, free to put more into their private pensions than just the rebate.
People are, rightfully so, waiting to see what happens next.
People are, therefore, a school's greatest asset.
People are, too.
People are. are.
People aren t diving in to buy on dips, but they aren t rushing to sell, either.
People aren t even at their desks.
People aren t even safe in their own homes.
People aren t lukewarm about India.
People aren t on the same page.
People aren,t as aware about disability-related issues.
People argue about congestion.
People argue about exactly how bad that influence gets.
People argue about how much they exist in law.
People argue about large details of the cochlea.
People argue about relative expressiveness between declarative languages.
People argue about the reasons for voter apathy, but no one disputes the fact that it exists.
People argue about things like appropriate interest rates and how many subsidies it requires.
People argue about what the word 'castle' means.
People argue about who the best is.
People argue against tiny matters of language change with great emotion.
People argue based on their own maps and fail to realize that others use different maps.
People argue because they disagree.
People argue entirely too much.
People argue fine critical points, predict future plot arcs, share Italian recipes.
People argue for a position based on where they sit or what they do.
People argue in conscious, rational terms . . .
People argue less with written or posted rules than they do with the verbal rule.
People argue over the order and sequence of needs in the hierarchy.
People argue that homosexuality is a choice.
People argue that if a driver is really rude, they have permission to retaliate.
People argue that the cameras work just as effectively as any beat cop does.
People argue that the second amendment clearly states that people have to right to bear arms.
People argue that there is physical danger in traffic and noting on the Net.
People arount the world celebrated, in most ancient times, the winter solstice.
People arrange to meet on a certain web page at a specified time.
People arranging to go abroad are under increasing pressure from the security forces.
People arrive after fights and arguments, after breaking up a relationship.
People arrive all through the evening.
People arrive at locations of program.
People arrive at the door and it is night.
People arrive at the meeting in different states.
People arrive by boat or airplane, or by hiking or riding mules down and up the pali trail.
People arrive during the service.
People arrive early in the morning to sell anything and everything in front of our home.
People arrive ever more quickly at places where they spend ever less time.
People arrive every day by the thousands, without skills, drawn by the promise of jobs.
People arrive from Barcelona or Madrid, and down from France.
People arrive here from all over the world, and they find an unexplainable magic.
People arrive in buses and they walk to the entrance.
People arrive in wheelchairs and walk outta here on two legs.
People arrive on the scene to survey the long-range damage done.
People arrive steadily now.
People arrive with a lot of enthusiasm, but in about a week, that enthusiasm dissipates.
People arrive with a permit for the field.
People arrive, get kids settled, get nametags, refreshments, small talk.
People arriving in the area from the south and east often stop here for orientation to the park.
People articulate beautifully and great attention is paid to fluctuations of tone within the phrase.
People articulate the call in many ways.
People ascribe a stereotype to everybody in the subject group.
People ascribe invulnerability, near immortality to our centers of attention.
People ask - if it is free, can it really be any good.
People ask about certification of teachers.
People ask about condom sizes.
People ask about getting it into the lungs.
People ask about it.
People ask about our lives here and they're looking for tepees . . .
People ask about providing food and water near the nest site.
People ask about rail passes.
People ask about techniques, special considerations, manipulation, etc.
People ask about that all the time.
People ask about the avant-garde.
People ask about the rankings and how to boost a team's ranking.
People ask about V-class.
People ask all sorts of questions and discuss a wide variety of topics on te list.
People ask all sorts of questions and discuss a wide variety of topics on the list.
People ask all the time about writer's block.
People ask all the time how the building plans are coming.
People ask all the time how to get images onto pages.
People ask all the time how wine ages.
People ask all the time where the watches are made.
People ask all the time.
People ask and answer questions from each other.
People ask brief questions and expect brief answers.
People ask but all heard is drone.
People ask each other what it means and begin to arrange for it.
People ask for a second slice.
People ask for advice, for referrals, for recommendations, for prayers.
People ask for criticism, but they only want praise.
People ask for divine help here.
People ask for help in different ways.
People ask for it everywhere all the time.
People ask for it.
People ask for leaders and leaders ask for followers.
People ask for long life of their spouse, growth of their crops and well being.
People ask for permission before leaving the table.
People ask for references.
People ask for the recipe all the time and wonder if they can substitute fresh vegetables.
People ask for wills, trusts, and probate work.
People ask how they can afford to set up a similar program.
People ask how they can make footdips etc if they are travelling round.
People ask how they can tell whether what they hear is the inner voice or their own mind.
People ask how to use a koan.
People ask if it is hard to work with a home office puppy.
People ask if it's getting any better.
People ask if life here is hard and strange.
People ask if our kids bite.
People ask if the exhibit is connected to the bay.
People ask if their small gifts make a difference.
People ask if they are goats or miniature deer.
People ask if they can correct the problem by adding more diesel fuel to the blend.
People ask it, because they have had their own beginning.
People ask many questions about our large family.
People ask more questions and reflect more on the responses.
People ask mostly for arm bands or butterflies.
People ask occasionally what it's like to receive quite a bit of acclaim.
People ask often about the girls.
People ask probing and intelligent questions about the subject matter of the film.
People ask questions all the time.
People ask questions and criticize.
People ask questions and they want to try it.
Psychotic depression is more prevalent in late life than in midlife.
Many psychotic disorders are long-term.
Psychotic episodes are also possible.
Some psychotic episodes are short-lived and occur irregularly.
Some psychotic episodes bear an uncomfortable resemblance to mystical experience.
Psychotic illnesses can have a physical or emotional cause.
Psychotic illnesses have a physical or emotional cause.
Psychotic reactions are unusual but possible.
Psychotic squirrels terrorize animal-phobic student Ah, the pleasures of fall.
Psychotic symptoms are also significant in determining diagnosis.
Psychotic symptoms are common during manic episodes.
Psychotic symptoms associated with bipolar typically reflect the extreme mood state at the time.
Psychotic symptoms can sometimes persist for months or years after use has ceased.
Psychotic symptoms interfere with a person's daily functioning and can be quite debilitating.
Psychotic thoughts are often unrelated to the individual s overall mood.
Psychotic women can estimate menstrual cycle phase as well as controls.
A psychotic is a sufferer
Psychotics are frequently glib and loquacious and liable to say anything.
Psychotics have frequent delusions, which affect any decision-making.
Psychotics search for unwilling partners.
Psychotics talk themselves into their psychoses with a staggering dedication and persistence.
Psychotics usually have a past history of sexual crimes such as rape or incest.
Psychotics usually require treatment in a mental hospital.
Psychotropic drugs affect the progress and outcome of therapy.
Psychotropic drugs are appropriate options.
Psychotropic drugs are very powerful and can have numerous good effects.
Psychotropic drugs do change the normal functioning of the brain.
Psychotropic drugs heighten body temperature.
Psychotropic medication can be a beneficial adjunct to positive behavioral intervention.
Psychotropic medication is a treatment method favored by many psychiatrists.
All psychotropic medications cross the placenta and cause in utero exposure to the developing fetus.
Most psychotropic medications undergo hepatic transformation.
Some psychotropic medications elevate the prolactin level.
Psychotropic plants are teleports to parallel worlds.
Psychotropic poisoning involves serious cases characterized by the irritation of brain tissue.
Psychrometric calculations are altitude corrected.
Some psychrometric software is actually free of charge.
Psychrophilic bacteria work in the lowest temperature range.
Psychrotrophic bacteria are capable of quality degradation.
Some psychtropic medicines can make addictive problems worse.
Psycological lifts come from progressive cricket.
A psyllid is a louse
Psyllids also occur on other plants in the potato family, such as eggplant and pepper.
Psyllids are small soft-bodied insects related to aphids.
Psyllids feed by sucking plant juices.
Psyllids feed on the phloem and heavy nymphal feeding kills saplings.
Psyllium husk is a source of dietary fiber.
Psyllium husk is another effective remedy for constipation.
Psyllium husk is non-allergenic and the ultimate quality soluble fiber.
Psyllium husks are a gift from nature, for our long term health.
Psyllium husks are pure dietary fiber, composed mostly of hemicellulose.
Psyllium seed contains a mixture of soluble and insoluble fiber.
Psyllium seed contains a soluble fiber, mucilage, that expands a great deal in water.
Psyllium seed is a bulk-forming laxative.
Psyllium seed is safe even if taken for extended lengths of time and is non-addictive.
Psyllium seeds are oval-shaped, odorless, practically tasteless, and are coated with mucilage.
A psyllium is a plantain
Psyllium acts as a bulk-forming laxative for treating constipation.
Psyllium acts as a bulk-forming laxative to cleanse the bowel and encourage normal elimination.
Psyllium also tends to swell up in the digestive tract and cause a feeling of fullness.
Psyllium apparently lowers cholesterol by dragging bile acids out of the body.
Psyllium can cause allergic reactions in sensitive individuals.
Psyllium causes gas and bloating in some people.
Psyllium causes inflammation of the gastrointestinal tract.
Psyllium cleans debris from the system and combats constipation.
Psyllium comes in powder, wafer and granule form.
Psyllium contains mucilagins that are beneficial as both a laxative and an anti-diarrheal.
Psyllium has high amounts of undigestible fiber that has a mucilage quality.
Psyllium has high amounts of undigestible fiber that has a mucilaginous quality.
Psyllium has no harmful chemical side effects, just pure food fiber.
Psyllium has no harmful side effects.
Psyllium has the highest level of soluble fiber known to man.
Psyllium has the highest level of soluble fiber known.
Psyllium helps flush it all out.
Psyllium is a bulk laxative used in the treatment of constipation.
Psyllium is a great way to detoxify.
Psyllium is a major source of fiber.
Psyllium is a natural high- fiber ingredient that can help speed movement in the intestines.
Psyllium is a primary ingredient in many laxatives.
Psyllium is a safe and effective source of natural fiber.
Psyllium is a very safe and effective laxative.
Psyllium is added to some cereals to increase fiber content.
Psyllium is an annual herb native to Mediterranean climates.
Psyllium is available without prescription as granules, powder, or wafers.
Psyllium is gentler than most other laxatives.
Psyllium is high in soluble dietary fiber.
Psyllium is just the thing the body needs.
Psyllium is primarily soluble fiber and comes from a grain.
Psyllium is safe, but allergic reactions are possible.
Psyllium is the husk from a seed.
Psyllium is the most effective medical treatment.
Psyllium is useful for relieving constipation.
Psyllium is useful for restoring normal bowel functions and promoting healthy colon functions.
Psyllium is virtually inert.
Psyllium keeps the folds and pockets in the colon free of toxic material that gathers there.
Psyllium offers several advantages over other dietary sources of bulk fiber.
Psyllium provides bulk to the diet.
Psyllium provides safe, gentle and effective cleansing.
Psyllium Soften the stools, preventing constipation, colitis and hemorrhoids, clean the intestines.
Psyllium usually is taken one to three times daily as a laxative.
A psyop is an operation
Psyops are propaganda.
Psyops can be as simple as blackmail or as complex as digital broadcast satellite transmissions.
Psyops comes by very late.
Psyops comes by.
Psyops comes in to do their radio show.
Psyops does their radio show.
Psyops gives out papers.
Psyops passes out their papers.
Ptarmigan Lake is located just at the tree line of the Rockies.
A ptarmigan is a grouse
Ptarmigan are browner.
Ptarmigan change color twice a year.
Ptarmigan contain mouth-watering meat that makes for a great meal.
Ptarmigan feed on the buds of willow and hea ther.
Ptarmigan feed on the buds of willow and heather.
Ptarmigan is it s main prey.
Ptarmigan is the larger one and was the first one to open at the same time as the platter pull.
Ptarmigan sinks trustful, tired in Housewife's lap.
Ptarmigan spend much of their time under an insulating blanket of snow.
Ptarmigan visit our yard every winter.
Ptarmigans are Arctic birds belonging to the grouse family.
Ptarmigans are common above treeline .
Ptarmigans are grouses.
Ptarmigans are white in the winter, but brown in the summer.
Ptarmigans eat the seeds, buds, and twigs of low willows, alders, and dwarf birches.
Ptarmigans have three seasonal plumages per year, instead of the two that are usual for most birds.
Ptarmigans moult again in spring.
Ptarmigans spend most of their lives on the ground at or above the tree line.
Ptarmigans spend the winter in the tundra willow patches at timberline.
A pteridologist is an expert
Pteridologists study all aspects of fem biology.
A pteridophyte is a tracheophyte
Pteridophytes also show a transition from simple to complex leaves.
Pteridophytes are cryptogamic plants, meaning that they are flowerless and seedless.
Pteridophytes are ferns.
Pteridophytes are seedless vascular plants that are gametophyte dependent.
Pteridophytes can provide important perspectives in understanding the structure of meristems.
Pteridophytes constitute the lowest group of plants which have true roots.
Pteridophytes Pteridophytes The ferns and their allies.
Pteridophytes range greatly in size.
Most pteridophytes have underground stems parallel to the substrate called rhizomes.
Most pteridophytes lack mechanisms of asexual reproduction by gametophytes.
A pterodactyl is a reptile
Pterodactyls are pterosaurs.
Pterodactyls glide above a soggy marsh.
Pterodactyls have extremely fragile wings.
Pterodactyls patrol the skies.
Pterois species are popular aquarium fish.
Some pterosaur skulls have internal casts of their brains preserved.
A pterosaur is a reptile
Pterosaurs are a distinct group that went extinct about the time that birds arose.
Pterosaurs are a group of flying reptiles, distantly related to the dinosaurs.
Pterosaurs are known to have been eaten by theropods .
Pterosaurs are the earliest vertebrates known to have evolved powered flight .
Pterosaurs are the earliest vertebrates known to have evolved powered flight.
Pterosaurs are the earliest vertebrates known to have flown.
Pterosaurs feed in a diversity of ways.
Pterosaurs fly in and fly with their lower jaws skimming in the surface of the lake for fish.
Pterosaurs have the same general stratigraphic range as dinosaurs do.
Pterosaurs maybe are dinosaurs.
Pterosaurs seem to have the same speed range as modern birds.
A pterygium is a mucosa
Pterygium is a thickening of the membrane that covers the eyeball.
Pterygium is a wing-like fibrovascular membrane usually on the side of the cornea towards the nose.
Pterygium is more common in hot, dry climates.
Pterygiums can start out as pinguecula, but can grow as an independent entity as well.
PTFE hose is unaffected by all fluids presently used in fluid power systems.
Some pto- maines are poisonous but most are harmless.
A ptomaine is paraffin
Ptomaines are foul-smelling products of bacteria present in putrefying food.
Ptomaines form decomposing proteins and are completely neutralized by the human digestive system.
A ptosis is disability
Ptosis affects both eyes, but often one eye appears worse than the other.
Ptosis can also occur following routine cataract surgery.
Ptosis can be congenital, meaning that a person was born with the condition.
Ptosis can be the initial sign of a systemic disease or occur in conjunction with various syndromes.
Ptosis is a condition where the upper eyelid droops over the eye.
Ptosis is a drooping of the eyelid.
Ptosis is a predominant feature in patients with mtDNA deletions.
Ptosis is due to dysfunction of the muscles that elevate the eyelid.
Ptosis is the first feature, followed by progressive limitation of the range of eye movements.
Ptosis is when the muscles of the upper eyelids weaken and the eyelid droops because of it.
Ptosis occurs when the eyelid droops more than is considered normal.
Ptosis refers to drooping eyelids.
Ptosises are diseases.
Ptosises are prolapse.
All pts commands accept optional arguments and flags.
PTS meetings are very informative and fun.
PTSA site does include links to other internet sites.
Most PTSD treatment is done on an outpatient basis.
PU provides the technical courses and the local institution provides the general education courses.
A pub crawl is a circuit
Pub crawls are a great way to entertain friends.
Pub food complements the suds nicely.
Pub food is also an excellent value.
Pub food is also fantastic value for money.
Pub food is available as are numerous house and regional craft beers.
Pub food is available.
Pub food is cheap, but certainly filling.
Pub grub includes burgers, pastas and finger foods.
Pub grub is almost always nasty.
Pub grub is served.
Pub lunches are available daily and happy hours during the evening.
Pub names have a colourful history too.
Pub sign blows down.
A pub is a tavern
Pub isa building.
Pub stop at the end.
Pubs also sell stout and porter.
Pubs also serve food.
Pubs are a center of most communities.
Pubs are also an introduction to the local food and drink scene.
Pubs are also very important as is the devevlopment of pub culture.
Pubs are an important part of Irish culture.
Pubs are another great London tradition.
Pubs are areas.
Pubs are bars.
Pubs are buildings.
Pubs are casual and relaxed.
Pubs are crowded places.
Pubs are different from bars.
Pubs are different to bars.
Pubs are everywhere.
Pubs are generally cheaper than hotel lounges for alcoholic drinks.
Pubs are generally cheaper than hotel lounges when purchasing alcoholic drinks.
Pubs are located in cities.
Pubs are located in towns.
Pubs are more casual than the clubs, although clubs resist people wearing suits.
Pubs are nothing like bars.
Pubs are often at the heart of small communities and are every bit as important as other amenities.
Pubs are often the heart of a community's social life.
Pubs are open nearly all day.
Pubs are part of the daily routine in Ireland.
Pubs are places.
Pubs are popular social meeting places and sell soft drinks as well as alcohol.
Pubs are primarily blue-collar, the place where rugby fans like to call home.
Pubs are quiet places.
Pubs are the most abundant establishments, it seems, but the Irish do have a reputation to uphold.
Pubs are used for drinking.
Pubs are usually bars .
Pubs are where people meet up and relax for the evening while drinking pints of lager or ale.
Pubs are where they keep the talk.
Pubs change according to the time of day.
Pubs generally have lower prices and rely on low labour costs and high turnover to produce a profit.
Pubs generally open until midnight in Scotland.
Pubs have (part) bases.
Pubs have (part) boilers.
Pubs have (part) ceilings.
Pubs have (part) courtyards.
Pubs have (part) doorknobs.
Pubs have (part) doorsteps.
Pubs have (part) elevator cars.
Pubs have (part) elevators.
Pubs have (part) floors.
Pubs have (part) foundation stones.
Pubs have (part) foyers.
Pubs have (part) hinges.
Pubs have (part) interior doors.
Pubs have (part) readsides.
Pubs have (part) roof peaks.
Pubs have (part) roofs.
Pubs have (part) room light.
Pubs have (part) saloons.
Pubs have (part) sections.
Pubs have (part) staircases.
Pubs have (part) stairs.
Pubs have (part) storeys.
Pubs have (part) walls.
Pubs have (part) window frames.
Pubs have (part) windowpanes.
Pubs have (part) windows.
Pubs have air conditioners.
Pubs have pool tables.
Pubs have their own street signs in Scotland.
Pubs here serve hearty filling fare which goes down well with a few litres of beer.
Pubs offer an attractive variety of real ales.
Pubs play a crucial role in the working of our discipline.
Pubs pride themselves on their egalitarian atmosphere.
PUBS provide an elementary document preparation system.
Pubs provides links to the agency's newsletters.
Pubs say tax changes have seen a drop in trade.
Pubs serve both alcoholic and non-alcoholic drinks.
Pubs serve it all day with grilled tomatoes and wild mushrooms on the side.
Pubs still offer good deals on food as well as drink.
Pubs often get nicknames, as do schools.
Pubs often sell food or snacks as well as drinks.
All pubs are closed for the month.
All pubs are equal.
All pubs serve bar food.
All pubs welcome dykes as well as gay men.
Many pubs also sell cooked food or snacks, usually at lunch time, and are often good value.
Many pubs also sell food such as fish and chips and meat pies .
Many pubs also sell food such as fish and chips and meat pies.
Many pubs assume by taking on an Irish name that they qualify.
Many pubs date back several centuries, and their names often refer to historic events.
Many pubs have a good reputation for free music.
Many pubs have an upstairs room that is free or very cheap to hire.
Many pubs have music nights and feature everything from traditional to jazz to rock.
Many pubs have sessions.
Many pubs have specials on certain nights.
Many pubs have two or more different bars.
Many pubs serve food and, of course, music and 'the craic' are synonymous with West Cork pubs.
Most pubs also serve coffee, snacks and meals.
Most pubs are open to about twelve pm all week, later on the weekend.
Most pubs have a great atmosphere, with all the locals.
Most pubs have a public phone too.
Most pubs offer good food at affordable prices too.
Most pubs sell snack foods and often meals as well.
Most pubs serve food and the popularity is growing all the time.
Most pubs serve food, ranging from snacks to hot meals.
Most pubs welcome well behaved children but reserve the right to refuse entry.
Some pub anecdotes.
Some pub guides to our cities from the selective full descriptions to lists of names and addresses.
Some pubs are extremely old and have historical importance.
Some pubs are more female-friendly than others.
Some pubs have excellent guests that vary.
Some pubs hire bands or singers to entertain patrons .
Some pubs hire bands or singers to entertain patrons.
Some pubs offer a limited menu as well.
Some pubs take meal orders at the bar, others have separate food counters.
Pubertal gynecomastia is generally physiologic and regresses without treatment.
Puberty appears to be arriving slightly later again.
Puberty arrives about two years later in boys than in girls.
Puberty begins at the usual time and results in a normal size penis, but the testes are small.
Puberty begins because male and female hormones are released into the bloodstream.
Puberty begins earlier than most parents and many health professionals realize.
Puberty brings changes to their sleep-wake cycle.
Puberty can be a beautiful, creative, wonderful time for kids and parents, if handled properly.
Puberty can be a scary time for kids.
Puberty can be a time of poor body image.
Puberty can be incomplete or delayed.
Puberty can be overwhelming for teens.
Puberty can be tough on kids.
Puberty can cause temporary excess shedding during the teen years.
Puberty can start at an early age and progress at a very slow rate.
Puberty causes sexual maturity.
Puberty causes some insulin resistance because of the hormones.
Puberty compounds their adjustment problems.
Puberty does appear to be a factor in higher blood sugars and increased insulin needs.
Puberty ends when an adolescent is sexually mature .
Puberty improves asthma.
Puberty involves a growth spurt along with sexual development.
Puberty involves the increased secretion of several hormones.
Puberty is a period
Puberty is a stage in life when physical changes happen allowing the individual to reproduce.
Puberty is also a RITE of passage.
Puberty is also much easier to go through if the tonsils are still intact.
Puberty is also the period when some guys begin questioning their sexual orientation.
Puberty is also the time that girls have their first period.
Puberty is biological processes.
Puberty is earlier and earlier, perhaps because of nutrition.
Puberty is just around the corner.
Puberty is more closely related to body weight than to age.
Puberty is often the cause of a hormonal surge.
Puberty is over.
Puberty is part of adolescence.
Puberty is processes.
Puberty is when people change from childhood to adulthood.
Puberty isa period.
Puberty leads to adolescence.
Puberty leads to hormonal and sexual changes.
Puberty occurs gradually over several years.
Puberty occurs in most horses during their yearling year.
Puberty refers to the age in years of the onset of puberty.
Puberty refers to the physical changes that alter a child's body into a reproductive adult's body.
Puberty refers to the physical changes that occur during adolescence.
Puberty resets adolescents' biological clocks to favor later bedtimes and wake-up times.
Puberty seems to be part of the answer.
Puberty tends to begin earlier in females, often two years earlier than boys.
Puberty triggers a growth spurt.
Most puberty is part of adolescence.
Pubic education is necessary to address societal acceptance of increased air activity and accidents.
Some pubic grooms lead to depletion.
Pubic hair appears during puberty in girls and boys .
Pubic hair appears during puberty in girls and boys.
Pubic hair appears, followed by underarm and facial hair.
Pubic hair becomes both coarser and more curled and spreads to cover the area between the legs.
Pubic hair begins to grow at about the same time the growth spurt occurs.
Pubic hair begins to grow in a triangular patch in the pubic area, lightly at first.
Pubic hair begins to take a triangular shape and underarm hair appears.
Pubic hair can vary by amount, color, texture, and coarseness.
Pubic hair causes crime.
Pubic hair decreases, the labia majora atrophy, and the labia minora and clitoris shrink in size.
Pubic hair fills the pubic area and extends onto the surface of the thighs and up the abdomen.
Pubic hair grows there on most adolescents and adult women.
Pubic hair grows with male pattern.
Pubic hair grows, and the child's body shape changes.
Pubic hair grows, as do whiskers.
Pubic hair grows.
Pubic hair is a kind of terminal hair type.
Pubic hair is a wild rabbit in Colorado.
Pubic hair is a wild rabbit.
Pubic hair is as natural as the hair on one's head or on one's legs and armpits.
Pubic hair is body hair.
Pubic hair is completely natural.
Pubic hair is either completely absent or very sparse.
Pubic hair is hair that grows in the pubic region, which is the part of the body where the penis is.
Pubic hair is hair
Pubic hair is hair.
Pubic hair is natural, healthy and beautiful.
Pubic hair is no substitute for wit.
Pubic hair is often the second unequivocal change of puberty.
Pubic hair is optional.
Pubic hair is shorter , curlier and rougher than hair on the head .
Pubic hair is shorter, curlier and rougher than hair on the head.
Pubic hair is well established and breasts grow further.
Pubic hair is what is known as a secondary sex characteristic .
Pubic hair spreads to the thighs and upward towards the stomach.
Pubic hairs appear.
Pubic lice are also completely curable, using a cream or shampoo rubbed into the pubic hair.
Pubic lice are difficult to see because of their location and appearance.
Pubic lice are frequently the color and size of small freckles.
Pubic lice are insect parasites that are transmitted sexually.
Pubic lice are more common in adults.
Pubic lice are parasitic insects which differ in appearance from head lice and body lice.
Pubic lice are small white specks resembling which looks like a tiny white speck against the hair.
Pubic lice are smaller and have more compact, crablike bodies than head or body lice.
Pubic lice are smaller than the other two species, and have a short body resembling a crab.
Pubic lice are somewhat smaller.
Pubic lice are t iny insect-like creatures, which live in the genital region.
Pubic lice are tan to greyish-white in color.
Pubic lice are tiny insects in the genital area that cause redness and itching.
Pubic lice are tiny parasitic insects that live on coarse human body hair, such as pubic hair.
Pubic lice are tiny wingless insects that cause itching in the genital region.
Pubic lice are tiny, flat-bodied, wingless insects that live on the skin.
Pubic lice attach themselves to the base of pubic hairs where they bite the skin and lay their eggs.
Pubic lice can also involve eyelashes, eyebrows, beard and body hair.
Pubic lice can also live in beards and eyebrows.
Pubic lice can infect the pubic area and cause intense itching as well as a red rash.
Pubic lice cement their eggs to hairs in the pubic or perianal regions.
Pubic lice infect hairy parts of the body, especially around the groin and under the arms.
Pubic lice infect hairy parts of the body, especially around the pubic hair.
Pubic lice is an infestation of small parasites that causes redness and itching around the genitals.
Pubic lice is diagnosed by a physical examination of the infested area.
Pubic lice live in the hair around the sex organs and lay their eggs on shafts of hair.
Pubic lice look like very little crabs.
Pubic lice occurs when adult lice lay eggs, called nits, on the hair shaft close to the skin.
Most pubic lice have lifespans.
Most pubic lice have shapes.
Pubic lice have lifespans.
Pubic lice have shapes.
Pubic stress symphysitis in a female distance runner.
Pubic symphysis is symmetric.
Public acceptance is a primary concern to be addressed in any nuclear waste management enterprise.
Public acceptance is critical.
Public access allows everyone to view how the other members voted.
Public access allows producers to be active citizens, to live the ideal of participatory democracy.
Public access insures public confidence.
Public access is a huge issue in Massachusetts.
Public access is a major consideration.
Public access is a section line easement located where the lake is closest to the road.
Public access is a statutory requirement in bankruptcy courts.
Public access is also a growing problem to public lands.
Public access is also a plus for consideration of projects.
Public access is also available by modem for tax information.
Public access is always at risk from private property interests.
Public access is always free.
Public access is an ongoing issue.
Public access is another possibility.
Public access is available at a state-owned ramp in the southeast corner.
Public access is available at all our inland lakes and streams.
Public access is available at cybercaf s and libraries in main towns and cities.
Public access is available at cybercaf s in Abidjan.
Public access is available at cybercaf s.
Public access is available at the offices of cvtelecom .
Public access is available both above and below the dam.
Public access is available here .
Public access is available in cybercaf s all over the country.
Public access is available in cybercaf s in main towns.
Public access is available in cybercaf s.
Public access is available in cybercafes in main towns.
Public access is available in hotels in larger cities and in cybercafes.
Public access is available in several cybercaf s and at 'cyber points'.
Public access is available in the library.
Public access is available through a data services program.
Public access is available to all items accepted in lieu of tax.
Public access is available.
Public access is by appointment only.
Public access is by foot only.
Public access is by round-trip boat transportation.
Public access is car-top from the Trout Lake Road.
Public access is currently via minicomputer terminal, but dedicated PC and modern links are planned.
Public access is E of the river and road.
Public access is essential for democracy to work.
Public access is generally at the discretion of the landowner.
Public access is generally limited to pedestrians.
Public access is good via bus and roads.
Public access is great.
Public access is guaranteed along all or part of the water.
Public access is guaranteed by law.
Public access is important.
Public access is largely by boat.
Public access is likely shortly after that.
Public access is limited to certain areas.
Public access is limited to foot traffic.
Public access is limited, although that is poised to change.
Public access is limited, routes of appeal are murky and there are no old familiar faces.
Public access is limited.
Public access is managed through a reservation-only system.
Public access is minimal.
Public access is often an afterthought.
Public access is one of the greatest assets that the City of Chicago has to offer.
Public access is only by appointment.
Public access is permitted during the day.
Public access is poor.
Public access is possible via an optional read-only view of aircraft availability.
Public access is possible via an optional read-only view of boat availability.
Public access is possible via an optional read-only view of vehicle availability.
Public access is provided by a parking area and boardwalk.
Public access is provided on equipment in a public access booth adjacent to the reading room.
Public access is readily available in many locations.
Public access is restricted to information currently in the public domain.
Public access is restricted.
Public access is supported and encouraged.
Public access is supported by two methods.
Public access is the central issue in planning for the Manhattan waterfront.
Public access is the critical part of it.
Public access is the number one issue.
Public access is through four large entrances.
Public access is usually a restricted right.
Public access is very limited because of the deep sloughs that dominate the property.
Public access is where it can be rebuilt.
Public access is year round.
Public access pages only.
Public access refers to accessibility for trained users to use AEDs in public places.
All public access catalogs with web interfaces.
All public access is okay, so no checking is required for public access.
More public access is needed to relieve parking congestion.
Most public accesses are on gravel or dirt roads.
Public accessibility appears to be the key factor.
Public accommodation can have a sample phone available to demonstrate the use of the in-room phone.
Public accommodations are any place or business that affects commerce.
Public accommodations are any services or businesses open to the general public.
Public accommodations are facilities that are open to the public.
Public accommodations can consider recruiting qualified employees with mental retardation.
Public accountability is a critical element in designs of continuous improvement systems.
Public accountability is a further basic characteristic of a democratic polity.
Public accountability is a natural ingredient of a universal health system.
Public accountability is increased as elected representation forms part of the governance structure.
Public accountability is seen as a drawback.
Public accountability is the universal enforcement mechanism.
Public accountability requires that equal opportunity and diversity be our standard.
Public accountants are often self-employed or in partnership with other accountants.
Public accountants are the main external advisors to small businesses in many developed countries.
Public accountants have their own business or work for accounting firms.
Public accountants have their own business or work for public accounting firms.
Public accountants have their own businesses or work for public accounting firms.
Public accountants have their own careeres or work for accounting firms.
Public accountants perform accounting, auditing, tax and financial consulting for their clients.
Public accountants provide accounting, auditing, tax, and consulting services.
Many public accountants specialize in taxes.
Some public accountants are self-employed.
Public accounting consists of the Big Six CPA firms, regional firms and local firms.
Public accounting enhances the economic accountability of business enterprises.
Public accounting is a plus.
Public accounting is a recession-proof occupation.
Public accounting is also an excellent springboard for other careers in accounting.
Public accounting is by far the largest employer of our graduates.
Public accounting is only one branch of accounting.
Public accounting offers a good opportunity for learning about many types of businesses.
Public accounting offers career paths in auditing, taxation, and management consulting.
Public accusation is one device.
Public action encompasses any effort to make the allegations common knowledge in the community.
Public action is indispensable.
Public action refers to policy or actions planned and implemented in an organized context.
Public action shapes public values.
All public actions affect the distribution of income.
All public actions have an associated time delay.
Public activities tend to be less funded and meet lower standards.
Public address is insignificant in time and in career-wise thinking.
Public adjusters are a rarity in the insurance industry.
Public adjusters are like doctors, lawyers and other professionals.
Public adjusters deal directly with people possessing flood insurance.
Public adjusters represent consumers who have fire or other property insurance losses.
Public adjusters represent the insured in the process.
Public adjusters work exclusively for policy holders.
Some public adjusters are like TV lawyers who never try cases.
Public administration analyzes the management of government and non-profit agencies.
Public administration includes organization, budgeting, personnel, and ethics.
Public administration is also multidisciplinary.
Public administration is chaotic and getting worse.
Public administration is concerned with the delivery of services to the public.
Public administration is detailed and systematic execution of public law.
Public administration is inefficient.
Public administration is organized at the national, county and municipal levels.
Public administration practices in developing societies.
Public administration trends like third party government and privatization.
Public administrator is a term that covers a wide range of government employees.
Public administrators manage virtually every aspect of public service.
Public administrators run our harbors, our airports, our public transportation systems.
Public administrators run the government.
Many public administrators have a background in law or business.
Most public administrators are in offices with a small number of employees.
Public advertising is incompatible with a claim of a private offering.
Public advocacy is an important tool in creating impetus for change.
Public advocacy is the next logical step.
Public affairs fits the message to the audience.
Public affairs has first place priority.
Public affairs involves educating persons to become responsible citizens and leaders.
Public affairs is about taking values seriously.
Public affairs is one of the university's five mission themes.
Public affairs promises to put knowledge in a moral as well as a utilitarian context.
Public affairs reporting students travel each semester to the state capital in Nashville.
Public affairs writes press releases on company achievements are sent to the media.
Public agencies account for one third of all employment.
Public agencies are also eligible.
Public agencies are covered employers without regard to the number of employees employed.
Public agencies are exempt from having to post a bond.
Public agencies are exempt from payment of filing fees.
Public agencies are exempt when performing a public service.
Public agencies are exempt.
Public agencies are generally less expensive than private agencies.
Public agencies are one exception to that rule.
Public agencies are responsible for payment of adoption subsidies.
Public agencies are the primary users of the technologies.
Public agencies are usually non-profit organizations which are affiliated with a government agency.
Public agencies can help, too.
Public agencies can make unilateral rules for comp time.
Public agencies can share and pool candidate information more efficiently.
Public agencies can take advantage of tax-exempt financing for their projects.
Public agencies can utilize the data for cost of media only and no charge for internet downloads.
Public agencies compete just as private ones do.
Public agencies encompass all government and quasi-government departments or organizations.
Public agencies experience less administrative costs by working with only one contractor.
Public agencies have a responsibility to conduct thorough investigations in response to reports.
Public agencies have additional concerns.
Public agencies have interest.
Public agencies have little control over stories before publication or broadcast.
Public agencies have no fees.
Public agencies have public interest.
Public agencies implement rules that they deem best to carry out their mission.
Public agencies provide expertise.
Public agencies receive funding for economic development projects.
Public agencies regulate utility rates, operations, and services as a substitute for competition.
Public agencies require civil service exams, usually both written and oral.
Public agencies retain control of funds used to serve private school children.
Public agencies run some programs, but the activities they organize are usually limited.
Public agencies run some programs, but their activities they organize are usually limited.
Public agencies tend to be risk-averse.
Public agencies to take actions.
Public agencies try to respond in a timely manner, but they can always use help.
Public agency includes a commission, board, agency or other governmental body.
All public agencies take a reactive approach to protective services.
Many public agencies lack a consistent methodology for reporting costs.
Most public agencies have interest.
Most public agencies have public interest.
Most public agencies have Web pages and provide some employees with e-mail and Internet access.
Most public agencies provide expertise.
Some public agencies depend on market rates for their electricity.
Public aid is accepted.
Public amenities can make the station area more attractive for development over time.
Public anger results from inadequate consultation.
Public anger soars.
Public angers grows.
Public apathy is a criminal's greatest ally.
Public apathy is the criminal's greatest ally.
Public appearances are almost exclusively at open-air markets or in high schools and conferences.
Public appointments are, quite simply, appointments to the boards of public bodies.
Public approval is also important to an efficient permitting system.
Public approval is nurtured through exhibitions of increasing stature.
Public aquaria display jellyfish.
Public aquariums are usually well stocked with specimens and have little room for additional sharks.
Most public aquariums have seawater systems that are contaminated with fouling hydroids.
Public arbitrators bring a varied range of experience and background to the arbitrations.
Public archaeology is the interface between archaeologists and the lay public.
Public archives are available at the homepage.
Public Archives View the archives of lists that have public contents.
Public areas are accessible to visitors.
Public areas are at the top and access controlled member areas are toward the bottom.
Public areas are attractive.
Public areas are bright and attractive, and offer plenty of nooks for sitting.
Public areas are contemporary in style and include a foyer lounge, a bar and a smart restaurant.
Public areas are equipped with complimentary high-speed wireless Internet access.
Public areas are fully air-conditioned.
Public areas are magnificent, and it has two fine restaurants, one overlooking the garden.
Public areas are minimal and simply offer a breakfast room.
Public areas are on the ground floor and very accessible.
Public areas are on two floors, with a first-floor lounge and bar overlooking the restaurant.
Public areas are open for all members to read and store.
Public areas are open plan and feature a stylish, contemporary decor.
Public areas are readily available to all students and guests.
Public areas are splendid, highlighted by original antiques.
Public areas are splendid, with marble, fine wood and artistic draperies.
Public areas are the most common harassment sites-especially as reported by girls.
Public areas do show signs of wear, however, including chipped stairway tiles and worn paint.
Public areas encourage between-meeting interaction.
Public areas feature marble.
Public areas get a lot of foot traffic and floors can get wet quickly.
Public areas have the highest cleaning priority.
Public areas offer generous deck space, a dining room and bar.
All public area are air-conditioned.
All public areas are accesable by wheelchair.
All public areas are accessible by elevators with Braille or voice floor identification.
All public areas are accessible by the physically challenged.
All public areas are available to students and faculty after hours by card access.
All public areas are climate-controlled.
All public areas are deep in paper, plastic and styrofoam waste.
All public areas are fully air-conditioned.
All public areas are handicap accessible.
All public areas are reachable for wheelchair users.
All public areas are smoke-free.
All public areas are wheelchair accessible.
All public areas have wheelchair access.
Most public areas cater for wheel chair access.
Public art can be a tool for that.
Public art can be entertaining, enlightening and educational.
Public art can be many things ranging from pure form to a commemoration.
Public art can provide beauty, comfort, serenity, playfulness, and mindfulness.
Public art can provide new landmarks in the built environment.
Public art can say much more for the corporation or institution than volumes of advertising.
Public art can serve to acknowledge, heal, and inspire change.
Public art can spark ideas and conversation or simply mark a place to meet someone to study.
Public art enhances our lives and our community.
Public art enhances to the quality of life of a community.
Public art has a long historical tradition of controversy.
Public art has many facets.
Public art has the ability to transform the ordinary into the exceptional.
Public art invites interaction and response.
Public art invites interpretation, criticism O ne woman said it looks like a ball of yarn.
Public art is a growth area.
Public art is actually very personal.
Public art is always on some level political because the use of public space is a political act.
Public art is an excellent way to improve and give definition to an open space.
Public art is an important civic asset.
Public art is an underestimated feature that increases people's use and enjoyment of public spaces.
Public art is art available to everyone.
Public art is capitalized at purchase cost.
Public art is conceived in a very broad meaning.
Public art is important to the life of any city.
Public art is included at the building phase.
Public art is now a part of the planning process for every significant public-works project.
Public art is one way to refine our vision.
Public art is scattered throughout the area, and often turns up in rather surprising locations.
Public art is statuary, fountains, gazebos and trees located in evocative settings.
Public art is the art that is part of our everyday life, part of our public spaces.
Public art ranges from stand-alone monuments to a large tile mural.
Public art recognizes and celebrates the importance of art outside galleries and museums.
Public art reveals something about a city.
Public art strengthens our sense of place.
Public assemblies are actually a small part of the overall work of a congregation b.
Public assemblies require government approval, which is frequently denied to Christian groups.
Public assess is unrestricted for most buildings, though laboratories are usually locked.
Public assistance claims data are a measure of local family financial distress.
Public assistance demoralizes people.
Public assistance is aid
Public assistance is also available with special planning.
Public assistance is only a temporary way of life.
Public assistance is the perceived primary goal.
Public assistance is up for the county in terms of new claims, but total claims are slightly lower.
Public assistance provides unhappy couples the means to establish separate households.
Most public assumptions regarding the use of an attorney is to sue the pants off someone.
Public astronomy is bigger and better than ever, thanks to their efforts.
Public attendance is highly encouraged.
Public attendance is welcome.
Public attention can well be derogatory.
Public attention is drawn, more than ever, to the issues surrounding abortion.
Public attention shifts to other matters.
Most public attention focuses on our growing income gap.
Public attitude hardens when angry pressure groups repeatedly whinge and storm.
Public attitude is still a challenge for future growth.
Public attitudes are an important indicator of the extent of European integration.
Public attitudes are even more confused.
Public attitudes are more ambivalent.
Public attitudes are the ultimate barrier.
Public attitudes are too numerous, diverse, and at times contradictory to characterize one-sidedly.
Public attitudes are what really ultimately controls conduct.
Public attitudes can have a major effect on the use of alternative modes.
Public attitudes concerning a range of social and political changes are much more mixed.
Public attitudes move in cycles.
Public attitudes reflect decreasing acceptance of tobacco use as a social norm.
Public attitudes regarding medical testing on nonhuman animals seem somewhat inconsistent.
Public attractions bring in tourism-related tax dollars, helping to keep taxes low.
Public auctions are as common today as the cold.
Public auctions are the last step in the state's surplus program.
Public auctions get people very excited, and when that happens the prices can rise very rapidly.
Public audit is an important link in that chain of accountability.
Any public audit experience a plus.
Public authorities continue to be well disposed towards business.
Public authorities have an obligation to minimize harm to students.
Public authorities keep a vast amount of information about individuals.
Public authority is in the hands of a representative of the masses.
Some public authorities issue calls for tender in arabic only.
Public awareness activities through media focus on the new program and the law.
Public awareness campaigns to eliminate silicosis.
Public awareness campaigns to encourage compliance.
Public awareness campaigns to promote boater education.
Public awareness can be an important means of combating the menace.
Public awareness can be leveraged to solicit higher-volume donations from larger regional employers.
Public awareness can be positive and supportive.
Public awareness can help our causes tremendously.
Public awareness continues to increase.
Public awareness continues.
Public awareness generates resources.
Public awareness impacts people of all ages in the community.
Public awareness is a crucial tool in helping the conservation of our natural habitat.
Public awareness is a goal the group takes seriously.
Public awareness is a key component.
Public awareness is a major challenge for health workers.
Public awareness is a vital weapon in the fight against such financial fraud.
Public awareness is also a factor.
Public awareness is an important aspect of successful crisis intervention.
Public awareness is combined with law enforcement activities.
Public awareness is crucial in order for all children to be accepted and valued.
Public awareness is crucial to the success of the scheme.
Public awareness is encouraged by meetings with invited speakers e.g.
Public awareness is essential for the overall success for any community project.
Public awareness is essential in any public relations campaign.
Public awareness is essential to a society that respects human rights in both theory and practice.
Public awareness is essential to the success of any biosolids management program.
Public awareness is essential.
Public awareness is everyone's responsibility.
Public awareness is extremely important to our group.
Public awareness is fundamental in determining whether programs are adequately funded.
Public awareness is heightened and individuals with disabilities are learning about their rights.
Public awareness is important for further conservation efforts.
Public awareness is increased by displaying at trade shows, fairs, shopping malls etc.
Public awareness is key in the PR field.
Public awareness is key.
Public awareness is low and uncertainty is high .
Public awareness is low.
Public awareness is more often the best solution.
Public awareness is needed to establish a clear link between soil and atmosphere stewardship.
Public awareness is only one ingredient necessary to resolve conflicts or end tyranny.
Public awareness is only the first step in helping to alleviate the suffering of wildlife.
Public awareness is only the first step.
Public awareness is paramount for the voters exercising their constitutional right to vote.
Public awareness is the critical first step to reduce the number of needless deaths and injuries .
Public awareness is the critical first step to reduce the number of needless deaths and injuries.
Public awareness is the first step in changing habits and making rural roadways safer.
Public awareness is the first step in successful programs for saving water.
Public awareness is the key to placing shelter animals in new, happy homes.
Public awareness is the key to preserving wild fall chinook.
Public awareness is the key to renewing pressure on the United States to sign the Ottawa Treaty.
Public awareness is the key.
Public awareness is the most effective way to fight back against giant corporations.
Public awareness is the most important part of being able to ban dog racing.
Public awareness is very important to our work.
Public awareness is viewed as essential.
Public awareness plays an enormous part in wetland conservation.
Public awareness provides impetus for change and mobilization of community resources.
Public awareness sharpens.
Public awareness Write news columns on marriage and couple issues.
Most public banks are highly inefficient, with high intermediation costs.
Public bar open all year.
Public bars are almost always part of a hotel.
Public baths are places where one can take a hot bath as well as shower for a charge.
Public baths provide weekly social and sanitary functions in Tunisian towns.
Public bathing is banned due to turbidity and high bacteria counts.
Public bathrooms are near the office on first floor.
Public bathrooms are notorious for their tendency to attract perverts, snoops and thieves.
Public bathrooms are often scarce and difficult to locate.
Public bathrooms are the best kept secret in town.
Public bathrooms are the nastiest places on earth.
All public bathrooms continue to be retrofitted to be accessible to our guests with disabilities.
Public beach is across the street just a few minutes from the hotel.
Public beaches abound, along with fine parks, bicycle trails, golf courses, and tennis courts.
Public beaches are free of charge.
Public beaches are fun for everyone when they are kept clean.
Public beaches are part of the Eastern Shore Seaside Park system.
Public beaches offer surf bathing and bluefish and bass fishing.
Public beaches provide access to kayaking, swimming, and wind surfing.
All public beaches have lifeguards.
Many public beaches have some access by public transportation.
Public behavior is also a factor, and outreach becomes a balancing act.
Public behavior is merely private character writ large.
Public behavior needs to be modified to help impact melanoma incidences in the future.
Public benefit flying organizations have an amazingly good safety record.
Public benefits can justify public dollars for private projects.
Public betas can cause shifts in economics.
Public betas force writers and evaluators to walk a very thin line.
Public Biddings Get more details about the present biddings.
Public bills are the most numerous.
Public bills deal with matters that affect the entire state.
Public boards are open to anyone with a browser.
Public boat dock, tennis counts, swimming pool.
Public boat dock.
Public boat landing at the mouth of the creek provides convenient water access.
Public boat landing to Stella Lake is close by.
Public boat launch available few minutes away.
Public boat launch directly across the street.
Public boat launch nearby.
Public boat launching facilities are available all year.
Public boat launching facilities are available.
Public boat launching facilities are avialable.
Public bodies are responsible for notifying contractors and subcontractors of the revised rates.
Public bodies have a key role to play in making the right of access work to everyone's satisfaction.
Public bodies have to take responsibility for their rhetoric.
Public bodies move in a fragmented way.
Public bodies participate alongside the government in the expenses of running the incubators.
Public bodies receive their funds from the government.
Public bodies Return to the top of the links list.
Public body begins negotiations with firm with best rated proposal.
Public body chooses highest rated proposal, based on weighted criteria.
All public bodies are under a duty to ensure that expenditure is fully environmentally appraised.
Any public body can apply.
Every public body is required to permit inspection of records.
Most public bodies work without an audience, and that's the way they like it.
Some public bodies have their own external adjudicator.
Some public bodies use court reporters in lieu of audio or visual recordings.
Public bookings require a minimum of one weeks notice.
Public borrowers are limited to three items per checkout per visit.
Public borrowing can, over time, be a fiscally conservative act.
Public bridges can accommodate hundreds of calls at once.
Public broadcasters are committed to HDTV service as part of their plan.
Public broadcasters are excited about the educational possibilities digital television creates.
Public broadcasters are helping organize and promote the events.
Public broadcasters are therefore pace-setters.
Public broadcasters are to air only extracts of the religious ceremony.
Public broadcasters can no longer fulfil their remit simply by providing generalist channels.
Public broadcasting cares about all their viewers, however.
Public broadcasting faces many challenges in the years ahead.
Public broadcasting has a central position in society, one it is pleased to occupy.
Public broadcasting has a powerful and valuable brand name.
Public broadcasting has at last truly become a public medium.
Public broadcasting has broad experience in serving non-traditional learners of all ages.
Public broadcasting has to be about content or there is no point.
Public broadcasting is a success story still being written.
Public broadcasting is a unique national resource.
Public broadcasting is also relevant to high school dropouts.
Public broadcasting is associated with effort, commercial broadcasting with relaxation.
Public broadcasting is at a fork in the road.
Public broadcasting is by everyone and for everyone.
Public broadcasting is constantly under-funded.
Public broadcasting is faced with a new challenge.
Public broadcasting is free and usually even more accessible than a newspaper.
Public broadcasting is funded from radio and television licenses and radio advertising.
Public broadcasting is one of the most successful public-private partnerships in the nation.
Public broadcasting is relevant to minorities.
Public broadcasting is rooted in the constitutional guarantees of a free press and free speech.
Public broadcasting is the nation's largest resource for continuing education and distance learning.
Public broadcasting is the primary way citizens get news and commentary.
Public broadcasting is the shining exception to the fall of television.
Public broadcasting is uncluttered by the advertising of commercial broadcasting - TV or radio.
Public broadcasting needs to compete with the commercial broadcasters more efficiently and adroitly.
Public broadcasting plays a crucial role in lifelong learning in the information age.
Public broadcasting raises the quality of life in our community.
Public broadcasting sees itself as an adversary to independent production.
Public budgets are susceptible to the environment, sometimes literally.
Public budgets describe what governments do by listing how governments spend money.
Public buildings are at risk for flood damage too, and that means every taxpayer is at risk as well.
Public buildings are in a state of decay.
Public buildings are open during regular business hours.
Public buildings exhibit the public enterprise of town or city.
Public buildings help create a sense of community.
Public buildings ought to be another priority on the land close to the water.
All public buildings offer opportunities for smaller display gardens showcasing native plants.
Most public buildings are smoke-free zones.
Some public buildings are also non-smoking areas.
Public bureaucracies exist in complex and changing environments.
Public bureaucracies lobby for more government, too.
Public buses are also a popular means of transportation to nearby towns.
Public buses are an inexpensive and popular means of transport for many people in Cairo.
Public buses are available.
Public buses are cheap and follow set routes.
Public buses are few in number and available only on limited routes.
Public buses are inexpensive.
Public buses are the main form of transportation and are cheap, although uncomfortable and tedious.
Public buses are the primary mode of transportation for visitors staying on the island.
Public buses are the usual mode of transport over long distances.
Public buses go right past.
Public buses have bike racks which allow students to bring their bikes to campus.
Public buses have blue licence plates and standard fares are displayed inside.
Public buses have routes that travel the Strip.
Public buses make several trips each day to the monument.
Public buses move away from the bus stop as soon as passengers have gotten on or off.
Public buses operate frequently.
Public buses run regularly at an additional charge.
Public buses run six days a week.
Public buses stop at the front door.
Public buses stop far away, and Veronica's arthritis makes walking the remaining distance painful.
Public busses are also available.
Public busses are crowded, dirty, cheap and can also be fun for mingling with the locals.
Public busses are on schedules.
Some public buses have cords and others have button strips for requesting a stop.
Public businesses organize to partner business enterprise for a public good.
Most public buyers love the pooling method.
Public campgrounds are available at Choctaw Lake.
Public campgrounds are available for a fee.
Public campgrounds are available.
Public camping is also available.
Public camping is available south of the restricted camping.
Public camping is nearby.
Public campsites are available in many spots throughout the region.
Public campsites are open at varying times of the year in forests around Billings.
Public campsites tend to be simple, with only limited facilities.
Public campsites tend to become full during the summer holiday period.
Some public campsites are free, while others have nightly fees.
Public cars leave from the airports, as well as from all of the town plazas.
Public care is paid for through general taxation levied by the government of Barbados.
Public carrels are available on all four floors of the library.
Public catalog displays the call number.
Public catalogs are an optimal way of translation reusability.
Public cemeteries offer burials at nominal cost.
Public certs are supposed to be distributed, that's their purpose.
Public charities are the recipients of most foundation and corporate grants.
Public charities can usually advocate on public policy issues a lot more than they think they can.
Public charity deals with the helpless and indigent as numbers.
Public charity is charity
Public charity is charity.
Some public charity has interaction.
Public chastisements drip with disdain.
Public chatrooms are like talking on a street corner.
Public choice is far superior to vouchers.
Public choice is the branch of economics that focuses on the choices that people make in politics.
Public choice uses the tools of economics to study politics.
Public clamor puts focus on 'clusters' in cancer research.
Public classes are open for software development professionals.
All public classes are eligible.
Public climate favors cleaning up the city.
Public clubs are open to everyone.
Public code is available for anonymous ftp.
Public colleges adhere closely to the form, and private schools also factor it into their offers.
Public colleges receive a significant amount of funding from taxes, keeping tuition low.
Many public colleges limit the number of transfer students from out of state.
Public comment continues to be accepted on the study.
Public comment is a fundamental part of policy making.
Public comment is a very important part of that process.
Public comment is considered and changes made if necessary.
Public comment is encouraged from both riders and others with an interest in transit.
Public comment is encouraged, so take advantage of the opportunity.
Public comment is encouraged.
Public comment is heard at the beginning of each meeting.
Public comment is invited again.
Public comment is invited as items on the agenda are discussed.
Public comment is invited at all sessions.
Public comment is invited at panel meetings.
Public comment is invited at several stages of the environmental review process.
Public comment is invited at two public meetings.
Public comment is invited by letter or email.
Public comment is invited from interested parties.
Public comment is invited on a continuing basis.
Public comment is invited on all three of the regulatory amendments.
Public comment is invited on the list of recommendations.
Public comment is invited on the proposed changes.
Public comment is invited the last half hour of each session.
Public comment is invited.
Public comment is just one part of the accreditation review process.
Public comment is part of that process.
Public comment is solicited from boaters and property owners in the area.
Public comment is solicited on the proposals.
Public comment is sought and the third draft is revised to reflect comments received.
Public comment is sought on an ongoing basis.
Public comment is sought on the decree.
Public comment is sought, officials say.
Public comment is sought.
Public comment is welcome at all committee and board meetings.
Public comment is welcome at all committee and state board meetings.
Public comment is welcome at that time.
Public comment is welcome at the meeting.
Public comment is welcome on items that are discussed at the Conference Meeting.
Public comment is welcome throughout each meeting.
Public comment is welcome.
Public comment is welcomed at any time.
Public comment is welcomed on the exposure draft.
Public comment is welcomed.
Public comment is, however, always welcome throughout the year.
Public comment recommending priorities is requested.
Public comments are a valuable part of the data gathering process.
Public comments are also welcome.
Public comments are an essential part of any land management plan.
Public comments are currently welcome.
Public comments are in boldface.
Public comments are limited to five minutes.
Public comments are limited to three minutes for each visitor.
Public comments are limited to three-minutes.
Public comments are very important in developing our deer management strategies.
Public comments are welcome and encouraged to be in writing.
Public comments are welcome and encouraged.
Public Comments are welcome at the beginning and end of each meeting.
Public comments are welcome here.
Public comments are welcome on future recommendations.
Public comments are welcome throughout the process.
Public comments are welcome.
Public Comments are Welcome.
Public comments avoid multiple parties redundantly contacting the original party.
Public comments continue to stress safety and traffic issues.
Public comments do make a difference.
Public comments have personal impacts.
Public comments received are as follows.
Public comments welcome.
All public comment is limited to five minutes.
All public comments are welcome.
All public comments received are available.
More public comment is what they got.
Public commentary is good for everyone.
Public communication is held to a higher standard of responsibility than private communication.
Public communication is instant and ubiquitous.
Public communication skills.
Public communications is crucial to effective counter-terrorism management.
Public companies are more attractive acquisition candidates.
Public companies are on sale every day for six and a half hours while the stock market is open.
Public companies are subject to more onerous accounting and financial reporting requirements.
Public companies are subject to rules about disclosing forecasts and plans.
Public companies can offer stock options to targeted managers.
Public companies can use their common stock as currency to acquire other companies.
Public companies enjoy a higher valuation than private enterprises.
Public companies exist to make their direct shareholders money.
Public companies face enormous pressures today.
Public Companies Get the latest financial information and more on today's public corporations.
Public companies have stock traded on an open market.
Public companies have to give stock options to make people feel like owners.
Public companies have transparency.
Public companies provide annual reports for free.
Public companies qualify for deductions of cash donations.
Public companies receive a premium price for the liquidity that the public market affords.
Public companies remain conservatively leveraged from a balance sheet perspective.
Many public companies are to be privatised.
Many public companies employ multiple consultants.
Many public companies match employee contributions with company stock.
Many public companies post their financial reports on their Web sites.
Many public companies require officers and directors to own shares.
Most public companies have links to their annual reports from their homepages.
Most public companies relate to raising capital-that's the fuel.
Some public companies are willing to endure big restructuring charges as they cut ongoing spending.
Public computers are a shared resource.
Public computers are available at nearby libraries .
Public computers are available with word processing, graphics and other office programs.
Public computers are usually available to patrons anonymously, as well.
Public computers stand nonchalantly next to phone booths.
Public concern begins to mount.
Public concern can help prevent maltreatment and help protect children.
Public concern extends also to farm animals used in agricultural research and teaching.
Public concern is intense.
Public concern is lower, too.
Public concern is mounting.
Public concern is strong and mounting.
Public concern runs high over water quantity and quality.
Public concerns focus on issues of human health and environmental safety.
Some public concern focuses on children.
Public conferences are open to all users.
Public conferences featuring authors, translators, and critics complement the course.
Public conferences let anyone read and post messages.
Public confidence builds.
Public confidence demands that 'rogue units' are dealt with swiftly and without prevarication.
Public confidence demands that the publicly visible destruction of surrendered weapons happens.
Public confidence erodes under waves of per-sonal smearmongering.
Public confidence erodes under waves of personal smearmongering.
Public confidence has to be regained.
Public confidence is essential in the department.
Public confidence is high, and future projections are generally positive.
Public confidence is low.
Public confidence is the cornerstone of that foundation.
Public confidence is the reason for our industry's steady growth.
Public consensus is that it is too difficult to play.
Public consequences are important for preventing the intergenerational transmission of violence.
Public consistency is vital to maintain a virtuous reputation as a fair, honest, trustworthy person.
Public consultation can be through inviting written comments or through public hearing.
Public consultation is a vital part of the process.
Public consultation is an important part of the environmental approval process.
Public consultation is integral to changing land use designations.
Public consultation is integral to land use changes.
Public consultation is part of the planning process.
Public consultation is planned across the country.
Public contact involves answering questions and public service in a pro-active positive manner.
Public contacts involve discussion of sensitive and complex issues.
Public contributions are by far our most significant source of revenue.
Public contributions help to support the series.
Public contributions play a growing role in financing the system.
Public control follows public money.
A public convenience is a facility
A public convenience is a toilet
Public conveniences are available on site.
Public conveniences are available.
Public conveniences are the exception.
Some public conveniences are only open seasonally.
Public conventions can be pluralistic or mandated .
Public cooperation is vital to ensuring long-term water resource protection.
Public cooperation makes it work.
All public copiers provide reduction and enlargement capabilities.
Public copies are available at area public libraries.
Public corporations are no longer private.
Public corporations have no such incentives.
Public correction can humiliate, embarrass, and create feelings of failure.
Public corruption remains a problem.
Public courses are few, as are the chances for most people to learn the game.
Public courses are rare and so are chances for ordinary people to learn the game.
Public courses are, after all, a service industry.
Public courses can be very slow.
Public courses require tee times.
Public courses take place in London and other popular UK locations, and are run frequently.
Public courts are available in Wilmington and Jacksonville.
Public courts are one block away.
All public courts have hard surfaces.
Most public courts are large enough for double play.
Public coverage is a critical factor in providing insurance for children with health problems.
Public credibility requires demonstrable proof of the assertions about the value of education.
Public credit becomes the credo of capital.
Public crime is unprecedented in both degree and scope.
Public crime logs.
Public criticism can build up resentment.
Public criticism is a way to display control.
Public cruises abound, and practically every harbor boasts at least one.
Public cruises are on hour long and open to the public.
Public cynicism is deeply ingrained.
Public dancing is illegal without a permit.
Public databases are freely accessible through the Internet.
Public databases are updated weekly.
Public data are available or distributed to the general public.
Public data are unreliable, and comment is often ill-informed or biased.
Public data is available outside the firewall, while more sensitive material is protected inside.
Public data is available to anyone and for any purpose.
Public data is available to anyone for any reason.
Public data is still public.
Public data needs to be covered.
Public death is considered to be beyond the limits of decency and disapproved by everyone.
A public debate is oral presentation
Public debate becomes flaccid.
Public debate can change attitudes, which in turn can influence politicians.
Public debate is healthy.
Public debate is invited.
Public debate is normally only possible in relation to certain issues or at particular junctures.
Public debate is one of the few individual rights that remains intact in our society.
Public debates are a waste of time.
Public debates are about winning at all costs, and the costs are high.
Public debates are competition.
Public debates are debatings.
Public debates are effective in terms of forming positive and constructive views.
A public debt is a debt
Public debt continues to grow, as the state continues to rely on property taxes for public funding.
Public debt is the fastest growing index in Nevada, a very dangerous trend.
Public debt remains a constraint on the economy.
Public debt runs too high.
Public debts are debts.
Public decisions are group decisions.
Public decisions make a difference.
Public decorum is unhip.
A public defender is a lawyer
Public defender sees drug use, runaways, etc.
Public defenders adhere to very strict rules of professional responsibility.
Public defenders are also available but of variable competence.
Public defenders are lawyers.
Public defenders are often very well-qualified attorneys.
Public defenders defend children.
Public defenders have high caseloads and they are usually at the mercy of the prosecutor and judge.
Public defenders represent both men.
Public defenders say spousal abuse prosecutions are too aggressive.
Public defenders say they're as good as their private sector counterparts.
Public defenders say too many people outside the law's limits can learn about an offender's past.
Public defenders stand alone , armed only with their wits, training, and dedication.
Public defenders work for judges and prosecutors.
Public defenders work full time for the state.
Many public defenders are incompetent.
Most public defenders defend children.
Some public defenders make choices.
Public deliberation is a precondition for public action.
Public deliberation is a process of open but structured dialogue about issues of concern.
Public deliberations enrich participants thinking on public issues.
Public demand continues to increase .
Public demand has to be met even if social scientists know it means spending money less well.
Public demand keeps the band touring coast to coast year-round.
Public demonstrations are another area of potential conflict.
Public demonstrations can be one of the most effective means the club has to attract new members.
Public demonstrations expand the market potential through awareness and education.
Public demonstrations receive mixed reviews from politicos and activists alike.
Public demonstrations require prior notification to the police.
Every public department is liable to attack.
Public dialogue is a relatively new arena for building peace.
Public diplomacy is an exceptionally flexible instrument.
Public diplomacy is now as much in the cyber cafe as the academic quadrangle.
Public diplomacy needs to be closer to the center of policy formulation and implementation.
Public disagreements force members to spend valuable time on internal issues.
Public disavowals are useless, very likely worse than useless.
Public disclosure carries political risk.
Public disclosure destroys trade secret status.
Public disclosure is a forceful incentive for ensuring the proper monitoring of cleanups.
Public disclosure is a good protection against commercial retaliation.
Public disclosure is any publication or presentation of the invention.
Public disclosure is at the heart of the system of trust that underlie all our financial markets.
Public disclosure is intended to save lives, prevent pollution, and protect property.
Public disclosure is the only way to keep officials behaving in the interest of the public.
Public disclosure plays a minimal role in holding the contracted surveyors accountable.
Public discourse is dependant upon the attendees.
Public discourse is generally less personal and less graphic than private messages.
Public discourse is messy, sometimes cantankerous, sometimes disruptive.
Public discourse is now a major information highway with no stop signs.
Public discourse is only possible when people possess authentic inner lives.
Public discourse is the greatest of democratic traditions.
Public discourse is the model.
Public discussion is discussion
Public discussion seems to be overshadowed by fear that the nation is on the path to disintegration.
Public discussions are necessary in to enable the public to share ideas.
Public disenchantment sets in quickly as politicians help themselves to the spoils of office.
Public disgust can affect their profits.
Public display includes publicly accessible computer screens and printers.
Public displays can create greater tension and aggravate the original problem.
Public displays change frequently.
Public displays offer a larger show and are safer for all involved.
Public displays present special and different problems.
Public dissemination is encouraged.
Public documents are available for viewing on campus upon request.
Public documents are open to everyone with a web browser.
Public dollars are another cornerstone of the system.
Public dollars are portable and flexible and are tied to people and families.
Public dollars are sufficient to meet West Point s basic requirements.
Public dollars belong to public schools.
Public dollars can go a long way when coupled with private effort.
Public dollars carry strings.
Public dollars carry the responsibility for providing public access, governance, and accountability.
Public dollars do.
Public dollars mean public scrutiny.
Public dollars pay a portion of the program costs.
A public domain is a property right
Public domain hacking software is deployed to test internal security measures.
Public domain is different than private domain.
Public domain is more the exception than the rule.
Public domain is no longer easy to define.
Public domain is out of the question.
Public domain means nobody owns the artwork.
Public domain reprints for activists, teachers, students and others.
Public domains are property rights.
Public drivers permits.
Public drunks wander about the town singing, and are of no threat to anyone.
Public drunkenness is frowned upon in some countries - and a jailable offence in others.
Public drunkenness is illegal in most areas.
Public drunkenness varies in acceptability.
Public education appears adequate.
Public education begins with elementary school which is free and compulsory.
Public education benefits the entire community.
Public education benefits the same society.
Public education can be such a free institution where ignorance and bigotry are challenged.
Public education can go a long way toward reducing the probability of human infection.
Public education can no longer single-handedly provide the broad range of necessary training.
Public education can provide equal opportunity to children irrespective of their backgrounds.
Public education can work.
Public education depends on a strong partnership among parents, children, communities and schools.
Public education depends on community support, both implicit and explicit.
Public education deserves better.
Public education deserves particular emphasis.
Public education does indeed face serious challenges.
Public education does indeed have a significant effect on preventing childhood poisoning.
Public education exists in the context of local communities.
Public education exists to benefit students, so frame the issues in terms of the needs of students.
Public education faces a huge teacher shortage in the next decade.
Public education faces tremendous challenges.
Public education has a responsibility to encourage ethics and respect.
Public education has a very broad mandate.
Public education has an agenda that is already crowded enough.
Public education has restrictions on what they can do and rightly so.
Public education has serious problems.
Public education has to be for sale.
Public education includes information about prevention and treatments for tinnitus.
Public education is a bad investment in human capital.
Public education is a constantly evolving process.
Public education is a cornerstone of American life, and the right of every citizen.
Public education is a failure.
Public education is a fiasco that has become a monument to foolishness.
Public education is a field that is governed by many layers of law.
Public education is a fundamental responsibility of the state.
Public education is a grave mistake.
Public education is a highly valued public good.
Public education is a important part of the guide dogs program.
Public education is a joint enterprise.
Public education is a key part of the American dream of upward mobility.
Public education is a more intensive form of public information.
Public education is a partnership between teachers and parents.
Public education is a pernicious little beast.
Public education is a priority, but private and home schools also have a role.
Public education is a right of each student.
Public education is a right, and opportunity, and a responsibility for everyone.
Public education is a shambles.
Public education is a team effort including the home, school, and community.
Public education is a tradition that has served America well.
Public education is a vested right.
Public education is a vital part of offering electronic services.
Public education is a work in progress.
Public education is a worthy investment for public funds.
Public education is about democracy.
Public education is about serving the public good.
Public education is accomplished via the publication of our patient education materials.
Public education is also a draw.
Public education is also a focal point of plan implementation.
Public education is also a goal.
Public education is also a major emphasis of their program.
Public education is also a powerful tool.
Public education is also a vital component of the program.
Public education is also an important aspect of our duties.
Public education is also an important part of decreasing the numbers of victims.
Public education is also available.
Public education is also increasingly dependent on direct corporate sponsorship.
Public education is an active partner with the student, home and the community.
Public education is an area where individuals can make a big difference.
Public education is an essential element of the program.
Public education is an important aspect for building bridges between farmers and the general public.
Public education is an important aspect of the mitigation phase.
Public education is an important part of the program.
Public education is an important part of the rescue effort.
Public education is an important system, to be defended at all costs.
Public education is an institution.
Public education is an investment in all peoples and all communities.
Public education is an investment in people and community.
Public education is an issue, the Special Olympics is a big deal for the community.
Public education is another issue.
Public education is another of our activities.
Public education is as important now as it has ever been.
Public education is at a critical and very exciting period in history.
Public education is at a critical point.
Public education is at a place where there is such inequality.
Public education is available as well as materials on self-care and prevention.
Public education is available at no charge.
Public education is available everywhere in the United States .
Public education is available everywhere in the United States.
Public education is available for all.
Public education is available through various presentations and resource library.
Public education is available to all students and is the cornerstone of our democracy.
Public education is basic to the preservation of individual freedom and a free enterprise system.
Public education is begun about what the risks involved with the virus are.
Public education is big business in the United States.
Public education is by no means inept or disordered as it is made out to be.
Public education is clearly the key.
Public education is compulsory and free at the primary level, which covers eight years of study.
Public education is compulsory through the secondary level.
Public education is conducted by the distribution of literature, lectures, and presentations.
Public education is costly.
Public education is critical to democracy.
Public education is critical to the survival of the manatee.
Public education is critical.
Public education is crucial to the success of dust control programs .
Public education is dismal.
Public education is done through peer education, mass media, and outreach.
Public education is essential to better comprehend the necessity of adequate pain management.
Public education is essential to democracy.
Public education is essential to prevent and correct ecosystem problems.
Public education is expensive and fundraisers can be bothersome and dangerous.
Public education is extremely important to rescue.
Public education is for all.
Public education is free , except for nominal registration fees at the university.
Public education is free and private schools charge nominal fees.
Public education is free and universal through the secondary level.
Public education is free at all levels.
Public education is free from first to twelfth grade.
Public education is free of charge at all levels, including state universities.
Public education is free of charge until the age of eighteen.
Public education is free to parents, or nearly so.
Public education is free, private is paid.
Public education is fundamental to changing society's attitude toward domestic violence.
Public education is funded through a public - private partnership.
Public education is government education.
Public education is high on our list of priorities.
Public education is imperative for any democracy.
Public education is important because some people aren t happy to have raptors as neighbors.
Public education is important to assist in the transition period.
Public education is important.
Public education is in the interest of the vast majority of Nevada's population.
Public education is in the process of fundamental change.
Public education is in trouble.
Public education is invigorated.
Public education is key to the success of any mosquito control program.
Public education is largely the responsibility of state governments and thousands of school boards.
Public education is like the fuel necessary to propel that vehicle.
Public education is mandatory if warnings are to be successful.
Public education is more inclusive and reflective of students talents and needs.
Public education is more than a simple mechanism for delivering a commodity to consumers.
Public education is necessary for the preservation of democracy and self-government.
Public education is necessary in order to make our communities a safer place for our children.
Public education is necessary.
Public education is needed.
Public education is no different.
Public education is no longer totally free.
Public education is no longer under public control.
Public education is no more the existing system than any single church is religion.
Public education is of the community and for the community.
Public education is of the highest quality.
Public education is offered and includes sponsored lectures and exhibits.
Public education is one of our best tools for protecting and managing our resources.
Public education is one of the last elements of American society that truly remains open to all.
Public education is operated by tradesmen.
Public education is our best economic investment and the foundation of our democratic principles.
Public education is perhaps one of our most effective tools in preventing infectious diseases.
Public education is plagued by inertia.
Public education is predicated on a system of classroom-based efficiency.
Public education is primarily a state responsibility within the United States.
Public education is primary to a successful program.
Public education is rated as best in the nation.
Public education is really the last bastion of a Democratic society.
Public education is risk-averse, basically.
Public education is secular, free and obligatory.
Public education is secular.
Public education is simply too big a ticket for the property tax.
Public education is state education by definition.
Public education is still a bargain, but it's no longer truly free.
Public education is the backbone of America.
Public education is the backbone of America's education system.
Public education is the best way to make quality education available to all children.
Public education is the best way to promote a public health agenda.
Public education is the best way to reduce the dangers of unsafe behavior.
Public education is the cornerstone of a progressive, democratic society.
Public education is the cornerstone of American democracy.
Public education is the cornerstone of American free society.
Public education is the doorway to opportunity and active citizenship for the people of Minnesota.
Public education is the enemy.
Public education is the foundation of a democratic society and the key to a productive economy.
Public education is the foundation of our country.
Public education is the foundation of our democratic society.
Public education is the greatest social invention of mankind, but it needs fixing.
Public education is the key.
Public education is the major vehicle to perpetuate the basic values of democracy.
Public education is the mechanism for achieving unity.
Public education is the most appropriate forum to prepare children for life in a democratic society.
Public education is the most successful anti-poverty program our nation has known.
Public education is the only service mandated by our state government.
Public education is the only thing that is going to change things.
Public education is the primary form of intervention available in the State of Indiana.
Public education is the public's responsibility.
Public education is the real winner.
Public education is the responsibility of educators, the community, parents, and students.
Public education is the shared responsibility of the student, school, home and community.
Public education is the spine of a democracy.
Public education is the substance.
Public education is the vehicle which gets people involved.
Public education is the very backbone of our form of democratic society.
Public education is the very best example of government providing for the common good.
Public education is therefore an important aspect of the practice of travel medicine.
Public education is thus a police measure.
Public education is too important an institution to let bickering and egos interfere with it.
Public education is unBiblical.
Public education is unconstitutional and inefficient.
Public education is under attack.
Public education is under constant attack.
Public education is under the jurisdiction of each of the ten provinces and three territories.
Public education is usually sex-segregated at elementary and secondary levels.
Public education is very fearful of competition, the American way.
Public education is virtually free, regardless of nationality.
Public education is vital for preventive measures to be implemented effectively.
Public education is vital to America's future and is everyone's responsibility.
Public education is vital to the common good.
Public education is vital.
Public education is what many are already familiar with.
Public education is worth supporting.
Public education is, quite simply, America's top growth industry.
Public education levels the playing field and prepares all children to live and work together.
Public education needs a real reengineering.
Public education needs financial and staffing support.
Public education needs is better public relations.
Public education needs support to make the best things available to our school.
Public education needs to be abolished, period.
Public education needs to be active and continual.
Public education needs to be addressed.
Public education nurtures the roots of democracy.
Public education occurs daily throughout southeastern Michigan.
Public education opens the doors of opportunity to all, no matter wealth, status or privilege.
Public education places a low priority on access to primary resources.
Public education prepares students to be active participants in a democratic society.
Public education provides the best opportunity for most children.
Public education reduces the loss of lives and property due to fire.
Public education refers to going out to school, as opposed to being tutored at home.
Public education remains a key to building partnerships.
Public education remains a virtual monopoly.
Public education remains an important issue due to crowded classrooms and high dropout rates.
Public education seems to focus on teaching students to perform behaviors.
Public education serves the community, works with the community and extends beyond the community.
Public education shines with hope for the future.
Public education stimulates interest in how waste management decisions are made.
Public education strengthens our community.
Public education strengthens our economy.
Public education succeeds through strategic alliances with families and communities.
Public education survives only because parents have acquiesced to mediocrity.
Public education teaches everything from sex education to Calculus.
Public education welcomes all children from all backgrounds.
Public education works because our differences are our strengths.
Public education works.
All public education is lousy because of school boards.
All public education is lousy.
More public education is clearly the key.
More public education is needed on health care.
More public education is needed.
Some public education encourages citizens.
Public elections are highly complex, requiring multi-lingual and often very long ballots.
Public elementary schools consist of students.
Public embarrassment is just what the newspaper editors deserve.
Public employees are a unique force working for environmental enforcement.
Public employees are America's everyday heroes.
Public employees are among the most visible symbols of taxpayer dollars at work.
Public employees are free to support the candidates of their choice.
Public employees are immune from suit.
Public employees are subject to a great deal more publicity than a private sector employee.
Public employees are subject to that Order.
Public employees are subject to whistleblower protection .
Public employees are the largest group of union members in the state.
Public employees are the stewards of the public trust.
Public employees are, thus, restricted from utilizing government resources in an election campaign.
Public employees believe they deserve excellent insurance.
Public employees can receive damages.
Public employees constitute forty-three percent of the unionized workforce.
Public employees constitute well over half of all nonfarm employment.
Public employees have a long probationary period already.
Public employees have the same health security concerns as other workers.
Public employees have to receive a living wage.
Public employees kick in, too.
Public employees taking advantage of their positions is wrong.
Many public employees are committed to the ideal of making a difference.
More public employees means more union dues for their unions.
Most public employees have similar rights but the rules vary from state to state.
Public employers are also covered employers without regard to the number of employees employed.
Public employers pay health security premiums for their employees and spouses.
Public employers report payroll annually.
Some public employers are more progressive than others.
Public employment is a public trust.
Public employment is important, while tourism too has begun to increase.
Public employment is the most highly unionised sector of the economy.
Public endorsement is vital if long-term reform is to be achieved.
Public engagement involves lots of listening and receiving feedback.
Public engagement is a critical element of the standards movement.
Public engagement is critical to successful leadership.
Public engagement is hard work.
Public engagement reflects broad trends in the United States.
Public engagement requires believing something sufficiently strongly to take it beyond oneself.
Public enmity is only the beginning.
Public enterprises are subject to privatization or participation of private capital.
Public enterprises pay less for capital loans and they operate with no profits.
Public entertainment can be rather limited.
Public entertainment is rather limited.
Public entertainment requires prior written permission.
Public entities are a complicated class of business.
Public entities are generally immune from personal injury actions.
Public entities can also provide technical expertise.
Public entities have certain obligations when acquiring or remanufacturing used vehicles.
Public entrance allows access without overexposure of the family within.
Public entrance is at the northwest cornor of the building.
Public entrance is from the east parking lot.
Public entrances are to be used for entrance to and exit from the building and for all deliveries.
Public entrances are to be used for entrance to and exit from the building, and for all deliveries.
Public entry is restricted in both areas.
Public environment is very important.
Public ethics are a prerequisite to public trust and are a keystone of good governance.
Public evangelism is illegal.
Public events are news worthy.
Public events are social events.
Public events have safety monitors.
Public Events Make an eye-catching banner with the group's P.O. box or phone number.
All public events are accessible to guests who are physically challenged.
All public events are free.
All public events are welcome to be posted on the calendar.
All public events begin with prayer.
Most public events happen on weekends.
Public exchanges are nice, but no one can compel anyone to use a public exchange.
Public exchanges have had problems with providing a real value proposition, industry watchers say.
Public executions are a great time to teach the kids about respecteding their elders.
Public executions make everyone feel better.
Public exercises are open to the public, with tickets costing five dollars each.
Public exhibits feature members' work, and activities include classes and workshops.
Public expectations are contradictory and changeable.
Public expectations are high and are ever ready to condemn doctors for mishaps.
Public expectations are still too high.
Public expectations are the same in every state and jurisdiction.
Public expenditure excludes private spending.
Public expenditure is always high on any election agenda.
Public expenditures are an important catalyst for private investment.
Much public expenditure is ineffective.
Public exposure helps jolt educators out of their lethargy.
Public exposure is a transmission
Public exposure is important.
Public exposure strips the pretence and threatens the industry.
A public eye is prominence
Public eyes open wide.
Public face is a concern in at least two-thirds of the world's cultures.
Public facilities are highly specialized buildings.
Public facilities are limited to gas stations and restaurants.
Public facilities are often among the largest consumers of water for landscape purposes.
Public facilities are public properties.
Public facilities are somewhat central to the community.
Public facilities are sparse, there is even a single public hospital.
Public facilities are use for the research.
Public facilities can encourage people to use public places.
Public facilities have a shielded source of drinking water.
Public facilities including the bar are adequate.
All public facilities provide free printing via laser and dot-matrix printers.
All public facilities provide free printing via laser printers and dot-matrix printers.
All public facilities provide free printing via laser printers.
Every public facility wants their own personal policeman standing at the door.
Many public facilities are wheelchair accessible.
Public fears are particularly susceptible to concern about violent crime.
Public fears can force politicians to take public policy decisions unsupported by evidence.
Public fees welcome.
Public feedback can help improve noise abatement programs.
Public feedback is always encouraged.
Public feedback is an invaluable resource used to test the merits of a project.
Public feedback is encouraged through exhibitions, surveys and dialogue sessions.
Public feedback is very important to our programming and exhibition decisions.
A public figure is an adult
Public figures are objects of satire.
Public figures are primarily interesting for what they publicly do.
Public figures condemn the court as a citadel of technicality.
Public figures get a lot of mail and are far more likely to read a few paragraphs than a few pages.
Public figures get huge cash payments to endorse or oppose campaigns.
Public figures lose some of their privacy, some say, and U.S. law agrees.
Public figures try to be slim, and very few public women accept their large bodies.
Any public figure is open to extreme scrutiny and unrealistic expectations.
Most public figures are considerably more forthcoming about matters large and small.
Most public figures have their reputations judged in the light of their actions.
Any public files are exempt.
Public finance is when governments acquire, spend, and manage money.
Public finance is, therefore, a relationship-based business where personal contact is highly valued.
Public finances are in better shape.
Public finances are in disarray. . . .
Public finances are in far better shape than earlier in the decade.
Public finances continue to improve.
Public financing accounts for only a fifth of total resources.
Public financing denies citizens the basic right of political participation.
Public financing is a viable option.
Public financing is available from state, local, and federal sources.
Public financing is more viable now than it has ever been.
Public financing is one way to answer how a city or county can build buildings or arenas.
Public financing is the best way to reduce the corrupting influence of private money in politics.
Public financing is the foundation of any genuine reform.
Public financing is the only legal way to accomplish that goal.
Public financing is the way for citizens to regain control of the election process.
Public financing keeps campaign spending in check.
Public financing leads to more choices for voters.
Public firms can operate inefficiently and survive.
Public fishing occurs in two refuge canals.
Public folders allow information to be shared, discussions to be held, or files distributed.
Public folders are a simple means of sharing information between users.
Public folders are available.
Public folders are electronic lists that can have many different functions.
Public folders are on another server.
Public folders can contain documents, messages, calendars or attachments.
Public folders hold announcements.
Public footpaths allow interesting walks through the park.
Public footpaths including the coast path are closed.
Public footpaths run through the park.
Some public footpaths pass through the site.
Public fora are categories of government property.
Public force consists exclusively of military and police forces.
Public forests are particularly well-provided with amenities for the general public.
Public forests contain over half of the nation's remaining wildlife habitat.
Public forests provide a place for families to recreate and reconnect with each other.
Public forum is where daily inquiry and response activities occur.
Public forum is where everyone can participate without registration.
Public forums are available for property marketing and open discussion.
Public forums are good for league-wide or regional discussions.
Public forums are necessary.
Public forums are open to everyone with an interest in the arts in South Carolina.
Public forums can be difficult places to communicate.
All public forums have moderators in place to deal with unacceptably combative postings.
Some public forums involve opinionated citizens making speeches, one after the other.
Public foundations offer the same giving opportunities and tax advantages as community foundations.
Public funds are for public schools.
Public funds are our tax dollars.
Public funds are sometimes misspent.
Public funds fall far short of meeting the needs of all eligible low-income and poor families.
Public funds flow through providers.
Public funds go to public schools.
Public funds includes 'own-' or 'institution' funds.
Public funds increase policy convergence in both cases.
Public funds support both school systems.
Public funds support both systems.
Public funding costs money.
Public funding is also expensive.
Public funding is necessary.
Public funding is no longer enough to sustain the college's renowned programs.
Public funding is no longer enough to sustain the university's internationally renowned programs.
Public funding is only there to smooth the way in the early years.
Public funding is supplied depending on the financial state of the system.
Public funding is the only viable and equitable support system for community networks.
Public funding makes up less than one-third of total cost.
Public funding means that the program is paid for, in part or in whole, by the government.
Public funding provides many opportuinities such as science labs and field trips.
Public funding remains the most pressing and controversial issue facing the arts.
Public funding requires a significant amount of government revenue.
Public garage is on the left.
Public gardens are always an available resource.
Public gardens have a profound effect on people in cities.
Public gatherings require government approval.
Public generosity aids private generosity, and vice versa.
Public glass can help with both.
Public goods are different in nature.
Public goods are goods and services that are usually provided by government.
Public goods are goods which are undersupplied in a typical market.
Public goods are nonexclusive.
Public goods are non-exclusive.
Public goods are prone to market failure.
Public goods arise where exclusion is difficult.
Public goods have just the opposite qualities.
Public grain ought to be stored up in case of famine.
Public grief turns out to be an aphrodisiac.
Public groups allow players with common interests to play together.
Public groups are open for everyone to join.
Some public groups have more freedom than others to set their own rules.
Public harassment has serious adverse effects on some women.
Public harassment is behaviour in public places that is unsolicited, unwelcome and unreciprocated.
Most public harassment is by men against women.
Public health agencies have interest.
Public health agencies have public interest.
Public health experts maintain services.
Public health laboratories report results.
Public health officials understand patterns.
Public health strategies propose manipulation.
Public health addresses the needs of the population as a whole.
Public health aims to maintain and improve the health of entire populations or population subgroups.
Public health approaches to the management of obesity.
Public health approaches to weight control .
Public health can do much to supplement primary care.
Public health can mean making sure that sewer and water systems reach everyone and function safely.
Public health concerns itself with violence in society too.
Public health contributes significantly to longer, healthier lives.
Public health differs from health care in two major ways.
Public health encompasses a wide range of strategies affecting the health outcomes of a population.
Public health has a proud history in New South Wales and can point to many successes.
Public health has a set of core competencies, some historical, some new.
Public health has roots in antiquity .
Public health has roots in antiquity.
Public health has the highest default rate for all disciplines.
Public health has to come first.
Public health helps to prevent outbreaks of epidemics and the spread of disease.
Public health includes more than just the absence of illness.
Public health involves the prevention aspect of health.
Public health is a broad discipline with many overlapping interests.
Public health is a major concern.
Public health is a major problem on the Mexican side of the border as well.
Public health is a way for everyone in a community to work together.
Public health is a wise investment.
Public health is about ensuring healthy living and working environments.
Public health is about prevention.
Public health is all about good laws.
Public health is all about prevention, and almost every act of violence is preventable.
Public health is also a concern surrounding raves.
Public health is also a top priority.
Public health is an applied field concerned with the health-related needs of groups of people.
Public health is an exciting, dynamic, challenging, and very rewarding profession.
Public health is an important aspect of the lives of people everywhere.
Public health is broader and more inclusive than epidemiology.
Public health is concerned with disease and early death as they occur in populations.
Public health is concerned with improving the health of populations.
Public health is enhanced by improved light and air.
Public health is everybody's business.
Public health is everyone's business.
Public health is everyone's responsibility.
Public health is highly interdisciplinary, which implies a great volume of relevant information.
Public health is in jeopardy in areas where arsenic poisoning is extensive.
Public health is involved in health protection and promotion from a population-based perspective.
Public health is listed as one of the potential topic areas.
Public health is most often about preventing or reducing the seriousness of illness and injury.
Public health is multidisciplinary.
Public health is on the verge of disaster.
Public health is one of the most rapidly expanding fields in the country today.
Public health is one such alternative.
Public health is our primary concern.
Public health is protected by allowing shellfish to be harvested only from waters of high quality.
Public health is still the number one concern of any municipal water supply.
Public health is the application of health science in a community context.
Public health is the first-line defense in maintaining and improving the public's health status.
Public health is the focus when mosquitoes are vectors , or transmitters, of infectious disease .
Public health is the hottest field in healthcare.
Public health is the success story of the century.
Public health is the system that works to protect and promote the health of citizens.
Public health is to a large extent a calling.
Public health makes it possible for the public to be healthy.
Public health means different things to different people.
Public health means many things to many people.
Public health needs as they relate to environmental decision making.
Public health needs to make sure our water is safe to drink.
Public health offers many opportunities for work and service to others in diverse areas.
Public health promotes early prenatal care for all pregnant women.
Public health provides proactive, population-based services.
Public health reports.
Public health serves as the connection between scientific research and delivery of health care.
Public health stops instead of encouraging a disease through surveillance of cases.
Public health takes a long-term focus.
Public health takes a population-based approach to addressing the root causes of health issues.
Public health touches every person in Oregon, every day.
Public health touches the lives of everyone in our state.
Public health tries to prevent or contain such contamination.
Public health works behind the scenes by preventing disease and optimizing health.
Public health works, through dozens of programs, to keep a community safe and healthy.
Public hearing is closed.
Public hearing is opened.
Public hearings allow citizens to become directly involved in the permitting process.
Public hearings are a great way to generate media coverage for an issue.
Public hearings are a way of life in Delaware and our legislators are eminently accessible.
Public hearings are also very useful in finalizing a plan.
Public hearings are an essential, mandatory part of the review process.
Public hearings are currently in progress.
Public hearings are informational only.
Public hearings are likely.
Public hearings are part of the licensing process for new plants.
Public hearings are scarce and often meaningless.
Public hearings are the other time that citizen comment is invited.
Public hearings are therefore different from audience participation at regular and staff meetings.
Public hearings are to be held.
Public hearings are typically in the afternoon.
Public hearings are underway on the two proposals.
Public hearings are unlikely.
Public hearings are usually the direct result of specific statutory provisions.
Public hearings can also allay fears of the public concerning the plan.
Public hearings continue along the Atlantic coast.
Public hearings continue tonight in Montgomery County.
Public hearings draw predominately favorable comment.
Public hearings provide for the participation of all interested parties.
Public hearings provide formal input to decisions.
Public help is considered to be for the elderly, the disabled, and the poorest poor.
Public heroes are in very short supply.
Public highways are roads, pavements and dedicated rights of way.
Public historians can view the documents in graphic and textual form.
Many public historians are self-employed.
Public history is a growing field, with careers in government, museums, and historic parks.
Public History is incomplete.
Public history is practical, hands on, for the here and now.
Public history is the application of historical knowledge and methodology beyond academe.
Public history promotes the development and presentation of history outside the academy.
Public History See under History.
Public holding is highly fragmented.
A public holiday is a holiday
Public holidays are additional .
Public holidays are holidays.
Public holidays are in addition to paid annual leave days.
Public holidays are particularly heavy days with hundreds of day trippers.
Public hospitals are a major source of care for minority and uninsured patients.
Public hospitals are governmental organizations.
Public hospitals are highly efficient and cost-effective.
Public hospitals are overcrowded, understaffed and often lack equipment.
Public hospitals are strapped.
Public hospitals are tax supported hospitals.
Public hospitals issue tenders to purchase their equipment.
Public hospitals offer free services to all but suffer from low efficiency.
Public hospitals provide limited facilities.
Public hospitals serve a unique and vital role in the way our cities deliver health care.
Many public hospitals have wellness programs that offer water exercises in their pools.
Public hostility is another threat to the dingo.
Public hostility is understandable.
Public hours vary from day to day, so be sure to call ahead.
Public houses are houses.
Public houses are taverns.
Public houses close one window.
A public housing is housing development
Public housing are federally-supported housing units operated by local public housing authorities.
Public housing are rental properties.
Public housing has a long waiting list though, although they make exceptions for genuine emergenies.
Public housing has unique problems and a reputation to match.
Public housing includes the elderly.
Public housing is a good example.
Public housing is a program for elderly people, disabled people and people with low incomes.
Public housing is also an option.
Public housing is an integral component to our national policy.
Public housing is available to families and to the handicapped, disabled and elderly.
Public housing is easy to obtain, relatively inexpensive and of good quality.
Public housing is for people living at or below the poverty line, including many who are unemployed.
Public housing is limited to low-income families and individuals.
Public housing is low-cost housing provided by the federal government to impoverished persons.
Public housing is often a contentious issue anywhere.
Public housing is provided at low cost.
Public housing Put the housing authority under a court-appointed receiver.
Public housing represents only a small fraction of the nation's housing for the poor.
Much public housing is both perfunctory and patronizing, providing adequate shelter and slight ease.
Public humiliation can be extremely motivational.
Public humiliation is a surefire confidence destroyer.
Public humor is shared the moment it happens.
Public hysteria remains at a high level in the town and surrounding area.
Public ignorance is political bliss.
Public image is enhanced.
Public image is important to Jordan.
Public image is important.
Public image is of the utmost importance for the survival of an airline.
Public improvements means main extensions, lift stations, streets, and drainage facilities.
All public improvements exist or have been bonded for completion.
Public incentives play a role in the final stages of the decision process.
Public indecency involves nudity or certain sexual acts in a public place.
Public indecency is a pointless law.
Public indifference prevails.
Public influence is only one factor which affects use of information.
Public information campaigns to raise consumer awareness about quality and patient outcomes.
Public information includes information about prevention and treatment.
Public information includes press releases, brochures, announcements, et cetera.
Public information involves the communication and promotion of the value of services offered.
Public information is an oxymoron here.
Public information is available on every individual and company licensed by the department.
Public information is available to other members, private is only available to the site owners.
Public information is free information that is made available to the public, at no charge.
Public information is fundamental to community-based wetlands preservation.
Public information is further an important tool in the post conflict peace-building phase.
Public information is generally the docket data available from the courts.
Public information is important in order to promote federal funding.
Public information is information.
Public information is insufficient, though reporting is timely for a large- scale assessment.
Public information is key in that battle for the hearts and minds in the mission area.
Public information is of the highest priority in all our efforts.
Public information is often scarce.
Public information is one strategy for increasing community influence.
Public information is open access.
Public information is public information as far as the agency's concerned.
Public information is public information, but it seemed a little too easy to get.
Public information is public information.
Public information is so important.
Public information is the most important task.
Public information is the number one requirement of a healthy democracy .
Public information means reaching a wider range of people to explain problems and explore solutions.
Public information needs to be ongoing, and is an important tool in supporting other drivers.
Public information requires no controls.
Public information results in increased knowledge and positive attitudes on the part of the public.
Public information seminars.
Public information services New acquisitions list.
All public information is appropriate for the Internet.
Any public information designed to convince or persuade someone to do, believe, or buy something.
Most public information is on the primary campus web server .
Much public information is still print only.
Public infrastructure can be a significant determinant of economic performance on a regional basis.
Public infrastructure is an enormous cost, and one that is directly linked to growth.
Public input can be in the form of a consensus on a plan or a buildable project.
Public input can be in the form of information used by staff or decision makers.
Public input concerning flyrock is very important.
Public input is a key component of the planning process.
Public input is a key element.
Public input is a vital part of the housing authority's operation.
Public input is always welcome with any aspect of the building program.
Public input is an essential part of the process.
Public input is an important part of the planning process.
Public input is critical to understand the concerns of Michigan citizens.
Public input is crucial to developing and implementing the program.
Public input is encouraged and appreciated.
Public input is encouraged to help push the bill through.
Public input is encouraged.
Public input is essential for good decisions and planning.
Public input is essential for local concerns to be addressed.
Public input is essential.
Public input is fundamental to developing any ordinance.
Public input is helpful.
Public input is highly encouraged.
Public input is hoped to lead to a solution that satisfies everyone in the area.
Public input is important and encouraged.
Public input is important in establishing the level and scope of the analysis.
Public input is important.
Public input is integral to the success of any park and recreation improvement project.
Public input is invited at the beginning of each meeting.
Public input is invited regarding architectural design criteria and sign issues for the downtown.
Public input is invited.
Public input is limited to conceptual planning steps and made more difficult.
Public input is most effective when it addresses the technical merit of the pending permit decision.
Public input is necessary before a decision is made.
Public input is necessary to address all water planning concerns in the region.
Public input is necessary, especially in the current era of shrinking federal spending.
Public input is of vital importance.
Public input is part of the self-evaluation process.
Public input is required before the designation becomes final in about a year.
Public input is sought and is most welcomed.
Public input is sought.
Public input is the most essential for ends.
Public input is valued and welcomed at the City of Phoenix.
Public input is very likely essential to achieving an acceptable conservation result.
Public input is vital to the process.
Public input is vital to the success of the process.
Public input is welcome and encouraged at the hearings.
Public input is welcome and encouraged.
Public input is welcome and pointers to resources to order reviewed books are included.
Public input is welcome at all stages of the process.
Public input is welcome at any stage of the process.
Public input is welcome, providing contact with the district office is established first.
Public input is welcome.
Public input needs to be honestly solicited and considered.
Public input occurs best at the committee level.
Public input remains an important part of the process.
Public inspectors check only for the minimum standards required by the building code.
Public installations scattered around Sacramento's rail stations make art a mass-transit medium.
Public institutions are important on-ramps to the information superhighway.
Public institutions are in an especially vulnerable position when attempting to meet capital needs.
Public institutions are usually the least expensive program.
Public institutions are, of course, larger than any single individual.
Public institutions can leverage equity increase.
Public institutions can serve as their access points.
Public institutions dominate the list.
Public institutions have a unique and essential role in higher education.
Public institutions have an obligation to ensure equal access.
Public institutions have no right to appeal the decision.
Public institutions list resident and nonresident tuition separately.
Public institutions play a very important role, because they articulate shared interest.
Public institutions remain weak and under-funded.
Public institutions wrestle with funding and competing political agenda.
All public institutions are eligible as participants.
Many public institutions offer e-learning courses directly to customers.
Some public institutions are dedicated to interpretations.
Public insurance is offered by the government through a tax-funded program.
Public interaction is encouraged via a bulletin board posting feature.
Public interaction requires the highest levels of intuitive operation and durability.
Public interest is almost insatiable for news of the most recent astronomical discovery.
Public interest is determined without regard to forms of ownership.
Public interest is favored over any private interest.
Public interest is in fact an important part of the new law.
Public interest is intrinsic to our work.
Public interest is jeopardized when government credibility and powers are seriously undermined.
Public interest is sufficient to warrant press interest, and is growing.
Public interest means more than mere public curiosity.
Public interest wins in Yellowstone.
Public interests constitute the majority of the members.
Some public interest surrounds conservation.
Public interiors are no better.
Public intervention is even more necessary than ever.
Public interventions targeting poor households can therefore be inadequate.
Public intoxication is a Class C misdemeanor.
Public intoxication is a more common offense.
Public intoxication is illegal, as well as collecting in large groups without a permit.
Public intoxication is unlawful and can result in jail time.
Public investment can ensure the continued high productivity of our economy.
Public investment continues to be financed by the international donor community.
Public investment is much more effective in stimulating Japan's economy than tax cuts.
Public investment is sluggish as a whole.
Public investment remains lower than in a year earlier.
Public investment remains lower than in the previous year.
Public investment runs into billions of lire.
Public investment sparks private development.
Public investment spurs private industry demand.
Public investments have to be discussed in a public arena.
Public investments play a critical role.
Public investors expect growth.
Public involvement calls for broad community involvement and outreach.
Public involvement can influence decision making at every step along the way.
Public involvement continues throughout the design process.
Public involvement helps define the community's vision of future growth and development.
Public involvement is a conscious process requiring order and intent.
Public involvement is a critical component of the long range transportation update.
Public involvement is a critical element of the planning process.
Public involvement is a major part of the planning process.
Public involvement is a sham.
Public involvement is a significant element of the feasibility study.
Public involvement is a two-way communication process.
Public involvement is a very important component of the planning process.
Public involvement is a vital component of the investigation.
Public involvement is after all, what it is all about. .
Public involvement is also important.
Public involvement is always instrumental to the successful development of transportation plans.
Public involvement is an essential element of comprehensive conservation planning.
Public involvement is an essential part of planning .
Public involvement is an essential part of the environmental process.
Public involvement is an essential part of the sanctuary's management strategies.
Public involvement is an important and ongoing part of the Superfund process.
Public involvement is an important component of the mediation process.
Public involvement is an integral element to all of the above steps.
Public involvement is an ongoing process throughout the plan revision process.
Public involvement is central to understanding the best approach.
Public involvement is critical to both agencies' planning and priority setting.
Public involvement is critical to both agencies planning and priority-setting.
Public involvement is crucial throughout the project, from start-up to implementation.
Public involvement is crucial to the design process.
Public involvement is crucial.
Public involvement is essential to developing quality, sustainable projects.
Public involvement is essential to help protect rainforests, a vital and vanishing resource.
Public involvement is essential.
Public involvement is fundamental to local government.
Public involvement is important to the board as it considers allocating statewide funding.
Public involvement is important.
Public involvement is integral to sound decision-making.
Public involvement is more than just a hearing, or one meeting near the end of the process.
Public involvement is more than public consultation.
Public involvement is most often non-existent.
Public involvement is necessary for any regulatory change.
Public involvement is one of the most important parts of the planning process.
Public involvement is planned through meetings, Web site information and other outreach.
Public involvement is required.
Public involvement is taken seriously by local and state governments in Washington.
Public involvement is the key to successful national forest planning and management.
Public involvement is the most important ingredient in the study process.
Public involvement is very important to the safety effort.
Public involvement is vital to successful planning processes.
Public involvement keeps politicians more honest.
Public involvement means public participation in the decision process.
Public involvement needs to be substantial and continuous.
Public involvement plays an important part in managing our national forest lands.
Public involvement provides a mechanism for understanding different points of view.
Public involvement represents a way of doing business for department staff.
Public involvement starts with public awareness.
Public involvement strengthens the ethic of care dimension in solving disputes.
Public involvement strengthens the quality and credibility of such assessments.
More public involvement is needed.
Public issues are beyond the power of any one individual to affect.
Public issues are controversial because different groups of people are affected in different ways.
Public issues result from different opinions on how to solve a problem.
Public journalism begins inside the trustee model.
Public journalism holds out the promise of reinvigorating the news with community purpose.
Public journalism provides one.
Public journalism puts life first.
Public journalism says the press is in trouble.
Public journalists believe that the news is more than a spectator sport.
Public journalists have something to offer here.
Public journalists use a variety of innovative methods to achieve their goals.
Public judgment is the capacity to think with others about collective lives and actions.
Public key based signatures are traceable to a single key holder.
Public key does that.
Public key is a system for trust among strangers rather than trust among friends.
Public key is an example of such a program.
Public key is available on key servers around the world.
Public key is for other people being able to access stored messages in a public database.
Public key is here.
Public key is published so that can be used for encription process.
Public key is required to check signature. .
Public key is required to check signature.
Public key is sent with identification information to the server.
Public keys allow anyone to use the key to encrypt a message and send it to a recipient.
Public keys are a little easier to use.
Public keys are here and available on the major public key servers.
Public keys are necessary as simplify distribution of correspondent's keys.
Public keys are of limited utility without a means of key certification.
Public keys are the public component of a key pair.
Public keys can be available in directories.
Public keys can be broadcast all over the world, only the private keys have to be kept secret.
Public keys have a .pub suffix, private keys have none.
Many public keys are obtainable from public key servers.
Public kindergarten is a critically important part of giving our children a good start.
Public knowledge is almost nil.
Public knowledge is knowledge
Public labs are available elswhere on campus.
Public labs are available for student use.
Public labs are wheelchair accessible.
Public labs provide free printing via high-speed laser printers.
Public land dominates both the landscape and the politics of much of the West.
Public land is a different proposition.
Public land is eligible for development.
Public land is identified for public use by signs along the river.
Public land is management by DNR foresters and wildlife biologists.
Public land is no longer available for homesteading.
Public land is owned by federal, state, and local governments.
Public land means it is used by ALL public.
Public lands abound in the area, Both Idaho and Montana have recreation areas open year round.
Public lands are a perpetual trust to be administered for the long-range benefit of all people.
Public lands are also economic magnets.
Public lands are important areas for natural resource management.
Public lands are just that they belong to the public.
Public lands are many things to many people.
Public lands are one of America's greatest treasures.
Public lands are part of the public trust.
Public lands are popular places to plant marijuana patches.
Public lands are to be given first preference as reserves and conservation areas.
Public lands can support only so many animals.
Public lands have a similar problem.
Public lands have no such right.
Public lands suffer because there's no incentive for good stewardship.
All public land is habitat for one kind of wildlife or another, and usually for several.
Many public lands are open only between sunrise and sunset.
Many public lands require that helmets be worn.
Some public land is available.
A public lavatory is a facility
A public lavatory is a toilet
Most public lavatories offer a choice.
A public law is a law
Public law defences' to actions brought by public bodies.
Public law dominates in government-controlled societies.
Public law focuses on criminal, administrative, constitutional and international issues.
Public law has a canon, but it appears a trifling one.
Public law prohibits the Federal government from accepting volunteer service in most situations.
Public law protects consumers by prescribing suppliers' conduct.
Public laws are accessible by number, topic, popular or short title.
Public laws are laws which pertain to the general public or classes of citizens.
Public laws are laws.
Public laws are of general application.
Public laws determine the legal use of substances.
Public laws have general applicability nationwide.
Public laws keep all information participants give confidential.
All public laws are to be followed.
Public leaders are anonymous and conspicuous.
Public leaders are leaders of any public or private institution, organization or association.
Public leadership calls for asking and answering the tough questions.
Public leadership exists on the world stage and just around the block.
Public leadership relies on individuals daring to take carefully considered professional risks.
A public lecture is a speech
Public lecture focuses on evolution debate.
Public lectures are free unless otherwise advised by hosts.
Public lectures are open to all members of the community.
Public lectures are open to the public and no reservation is required.
Public lectures feature leaders of society.
Public lectures followed by discussion take place monthly.
Public lectures provide scientists with a forum from which they can communicate their interests.
Public lending is essential to culture and education.
Public letters play important functions.
Public liability ins., cert.
Public liberty is what is lost when tyranny takes over.
Public librarians can assist individuals in full use of public library collections and services.
Public librarians can provide the service any student needs.
Public librarians have a unique role.
Public librarians have to continue to make enhancement requests.
Public librarians know the drill.
Public librarians reflect the communities the library serves.
Public librarians teach teachers to use information technology for curriculum support.
Public librarians work hard to communicate with their communities.
Some public librarians help copies.
A public library is a library
Public libraries are a cornerstone of education.
Public libraries are a good bet in many places.
Public libraries are a great place to gather and read books, but they all lose money.
Public libraries are a great resources.
Public libraries are a local authority service.
Public libraries are a long bus ride away, and many are closed on weekends.
Public libraries are a vital information link between the government and the public.
Public libraries are a vital part of the education process.
Public libraries are also a good source of job information.
Public libraries are also eligible for the Educational discount.
Public libraries are also excellent places to find out more.
Public libraries are also good places to donate books.
Public libraries are also helpful in distance education activities.
Public libraries are also often good resources for community information in small towns.
Public libraries are America's gift to the philosophy of open government and democracy.
Public libraries are among America's great treasures.
Public libraries are among the recruiting stations.
Public libraries are an additional location.
Public libraries are an important part of education, the bedrock of access to information.
Public libraries are an indispensable part of the cultural fabric.
Public libraries are an unbelievable resource.
Public libraries are another source.
Public libraries are by commoner large and growing.
Public libraries are community landmarks that reinforce community identity.
Public libraries are created through legislation within the jurisdiction they serve.
Public libraries are eligible to receive large print rotating collections.
Public libraries are essential centers of learning.
Public libraries are essential social agencies in Canadian communities.
Public libraries are evidence that the reading habit is alive and well.
Public libraries are excellent for books.
Public libraries are excellent resources for historical records.
Public libraries are free, also to visitors.
Public libraries are free.
Public libraries are generally inadequate because the city is served by many private libraries.
Public libraries are generally very accommodating to literary projects.
Public libraries are highly committed to serving young people.
Public libraries are libraries.
Public libraries are more like community centers than simply repositories of information.
Public libraries are most essential to our society.
Public libraries are often the most convenient libraries to use in one's community.
Public libraries are open to all.
Public libraries are perhaps America's most under-appreciated institutions.
Public libraries are places where people help people get a little closer to their potential.
Public libraries are places where people help people get closer to their potential.
Public libraries are public forums for accessing information.
Public libraries are rare.
Public libraries are still excellent information resources.
Public libraries are strong partners in education in our communities.
Public libraries are the best equipped classroom in the world.
Public libraries are the largest public access mechanisms after the home, office, and school.
Public libraries are the largest public providers of Internet access.
Public libraries are the primary access point to information.
Public libraries are thus reluctant to offer programming for school age youth except in the summer.
Public libraries are very local institutions.
Public libraries are, in other words, designated public forums.
Public libraries benefit through an increased appropriation in Ready to Read funding.
Public libraries buy and catalog romance novels for their popular fiction collections.
Public libraries can be at the heart of digital delivery of local government information.
Public libraries can be excellent venues for displaying completed projects.
Public libraries can contact local community groups such as religious organizations.
Public libraries can deliver the benefits of new technology to the wider population.
Public libraries can obtain the publications through inter-library loan.
Public libraries can offer a myriad of services to home schoolers.
Public libraries can provide qualified advice on how to retrieve information.
Public libraries can reflect a lot about their communities.
Public libraries can safely pass.
Public libraries carry exercise and mobility videos for seniors.
Public libraries confront the most difficult challenges on Net access.
Public libraries constitute natural municipal centres for information technology.
Public libraries contain references on various topics addressing air pollution.
Public libraries continue to make progress in getting access to the Internet.
Public libraries continue to play a role in the education of communities for people of all ages.
Public libraries contribute to a library culture with the library programs held for the community.
Public libraries depend on voluntary contributions.
Public libraries deserve access to advanced telecommunications services.
Public libraries ensure that services reach underserved audiences.
Public libraries experience a big demand for children's literature, which they are unable to meet.
Public libraries face stiff competition for funding.
Public libraries focus but good ideas for any library.
Public libraries have a broad range of books to meet the needs of a vast community.
Public libraries have a different mission and a different collection than college libraries do.
Public libraries have a key role to play as a gateway into resources of interest to their users.
Public libraries have a reference volume of the current year's Physician's Desk Reference.
Public libraries have a responsibility to provide facilities for pre-school children.
Public libraries have a separate pricing based on total population.
Public libraries have an important contribution to make.
Public libraries have books on tape and in large print.
Public libraries have books.
Public libraries have copies for reference purposes.
Public libraries have copies.
Public libraries have free CD rentals.
Public libraries have free Internet access.
Public libraries have lots of silly and funny books and videos.
Public libraries have many good books which provide information on child development and discipline.
Public libraries have many roles to play.
Public libraries have special collections like genealogy, career planning, business planning, etc.
Public libraries have stories and books about lots of things.
Public libraries have the largest audience for any artform in England.
Public libraries have volumes of information to help, along with reference assistance.
Public libraries helping communities is a tried and true formula.
Public libraries host lectures and discussions on a variety of subjects.
Public libraries join systems to receive the benefit of state-funded programs and services.
Public libraries move ahead as they meet minimum standards .
Public libraries offer children a chance to mix ideas, knowledge and hope.
Public libraries offer free Web access.
Public libraries offer literacy programming for adults with the lowest reading level.
Public libraries pay a surcharge for remote access.
Public libraries provide a tremendous source of under-utilized travel information.
Public libraries provide a wide variety of materials representing many points of view.
Public libraries provide locally identified basic services that are free and available to all users.
Public libraries reach people at all stages of their lives.
Public libraries receive a steadily increasing volume of telephone calls from readers.
Public libraries send people to academic libraries for esoteric information.
Public libraries serve a broader audience.
Public libraries serve all, and risk seeing their clients as a single group.
Public libraries serve as gateways to information for all residents.
Public libraries serve the entire population from the cradle to the grave.
Public libraries serve the information needs of their communities.
Public libraries struggle with their mission.
Public libraries subscribe to many periodicals.
Public libraries tend to be quiet places where study is encouraged.
Public library can be at the heart of digital delivery of local government information.
Public library can be partner.
Public library can supplement with additional copies.
Public library is the best place for improve reading.
All public libraries have an Irish section.
Any public library is eligible to participate in the program.
Every public library has numerous books on art history from which to choose.
Many public libraries carry books on tape for kids.
Many public libraries carry one or more of the following, which contain media contact information.
Many public libraries continue to upgrade PCs and networks to meet new demands.
Many public libraries give away old magazines.
Many public libraries have books and CDs about learning English.
Many public libraries have circulating collections of recorded music.
Many public libraries have films available to members for free or for a minimal charge.
Many public libraries have Internet access at no or reasonable charges for users.
Many public libraries have it.
Many public libraries have reference books on citizenship procedures.
Many public libraries have resources available on the Internet.
Many public libraries maintain directories of nonprofit organizations in their local areas.
Many public libraries offer access to internet for their patrons.
Many public libraries offer access, usually for free.
Many public libraries offer free e-mail accounts and access to the Internet.
Many public libraries offer free Internet access.
Many public libraries offer internet access to the public.
Many public libraries offer to administer exams.
Many public libraries provide computers and internet access.
Many public libraries provide free access to article databases.
Many public libraries provide free on-ramps to the Internet.
Many public libraries provide Internet access.
Many public libraries run volunteer adult literacy programs.
Many public libraries sell old books once a year.
Many public libraries stock basic tax forms and have other forms available for photocopying.
Most public libraries accept donated books.
Most public libraries are able to offer only a learner's permit to the information superhighway.
Most public libraries are non-existent or contain very old and out dated material.
Most public libraries are quite good at getting stuff.
Most public libraries can provide Internet access.
Most public libraries carry acollection of phone books.
Most public libraries carry scholarship guides that are organized according to field of study.
Most public libraries carry the updated list either in list or book form.
Most public libraries contain extensive reference materials on scholarship searches.
Most public libraries do offer special services to educators who teach within their service areas.
Most public libraries have a basic collection of Bible commentaries.
Most public libraries have a collection of family history materials.
Most public libraries have a copy of all the state statutes.
Most public libraries have a genealogy collection, large or small.
Most public libraries have a preschool story time.
Most public libraries have a small collection of large print books.
Most public libraries have a standing order for all novels from reputable publishers.
Most public libraries have a story hour for young children.
Most public libraries have a wide selection of old movies, free and available for a week.
Most public libraries have a wonderful selection of books on tapes.
Most public libraries have areas for reading and studying.
Most public libraries have at least one shelf of local history material.
Most public libraries have books about gardening and specifically about daylilies.
Most public libraries have books that contain detailed summaries of the action in individual operas.
Most public libraries have computers set up for Web access.
Most public libraries have computers with internet access for citizens to use.
Most public libraries have copies of CFRs.
Most public libraries have excellent career guidance books.
Most public Libraries have free access to the Internet and free help available.
Most public libraries have genealogical information housed in their reference section.
Most public libraries have information about funding sources for higher education.
Most public libraries have insurer-rating guides available for readers to check.
Most public libraries have Internet access.
Most public libraries have lists of national and international associations and books of lists.
Most public libraries have microfilm readers and an inventory of old local newspapers on hand.
Most public libraries have several Bible translations for loan or in-library use.
Most public libraries have the Internet available for their patrons.
Most public libraries have whole sections entirely devoted to wedding planning.
Most public libraries keep information files on companies from local newspapers and other sources.
Most public libraries make computers available for anyone's use.
Most public libraries offer free use of books, magazines, videos, computers, and other services.
Most public libraries offer the Internet service along with most universities and colleges.
Most public libraries receive the bulk of their support from local taxes and endowments.
Most public libraries subscribe.
Some public libraries are also good places to look for a job.
Some public libraries are gold mines.
Some public libraries maintain newspaper clipping files on companies in their area.
Some public libraries offer Internet training courses or have training documentation.
Some public libraries offer open, unfiltered Web access to all ages of patrons.
Some public libraries offer public access service for a minimal charge.
Some public libraries offer remote access to some databases.
Some public libraries provide their patrons with Internet access.
Some public libraries sponsor presentations during the year.
Public life carries some risks, which every candidate for the presidency weighs in the balance.
Public life happens outside the private boundaries of family and friendship.
Public life involves all sorts of controversies and complex issues.
Public life is demeaned every day.
Public life is different, as well.
Public life is never easy.
Public life is perceived as an alienating force.
Public life is regarded as the crown of a career, and to young men it is the worthiest ambition.
Public life prevails over private interest.
Public life provides men a way to transcend the mundane of life.
Public life seems barren and vacuous.
Public life seems to be slipping away.
All public life stops for two minutes.
Public lists allow anyone to post.
Public lists are available to anyone.
Public lists are easily available to anyone with library or Internet access.
Public listing can be a very awkward tightrope to walk.
Public lockers are available.
Public machines are atlas , bayes , and hunter .
Public machines are available in the library.
Public machines get their printer list from a common profile.
Public malefactors continue to pillage and screw up, year after year.
Public men have private failings.
Public management can play an important role in creating a positive business environment.
Public management is needed to carry out the selected policies effectively.
Public managers are responsible for the legality of their actions.
Public managers are the individuals who do the work of government.
Public managers run our harbors, our airports, our public transportation systems.
Public managers use their budget to set goals, objectives and priorities.
Most public managers hate their civil service systems.
Public mangers look for other ways to motivate.
Public market is generally clean, free from garbage and litters.
Public markets allow farmers to sell directly to consumers.
Public markets are almost as old as history.
Public markets link farm and town.
Public medicine exists, but it is always insufficient.
Public meeting is called to consider building a church.
Public meeting is held on date and time as advertised.
Public meeting is held.
Public meetings allow citizens to play a key role in the permitting process.
Public meetings are a good way to attract individuals from within and outside the association.
Public meetings are an important part of the local community.
Public meetings are optional events and thus tailored to agency and com mu nity needs.
Public meetings are places to exchange information and work on problems.
Public meetings are sometimes advisory and are held in advance of formal public hearings.
Public meetings are to be held to discuss the various alternatives for reducing the total loading.
Public meetings have a formal structure.
Public meetings offer planners a chance to explain to residents the details of the proposed program.
Public meetings require public input.
Public meetings stand both as an organ and as a powerful symbol of open government.
Public members are accessible to any program that uses the class.
Public members are available to all functions in the program.
Public members are available to any function.
Public members can now have home pages and directory listings.
Public members can serve for a maximum of two terms.
Public members represent the consumer perspective.
Public members serve staggered four-year terms.
Public membership is free.
Public memorials celebrate famous people, or record significant events whether local or national.
Public memory is short.
Public memory is still fresh.
Public memory is very short.
Public memory is woefully short.
Public messages add something to new to a thread in the form of information or relevant experience.
Public messages appear in the message window without any label.
Public messages have no such tags inserted.
Public methods are available to change the state of a cloud from the outside.
Public methods are open for anyone to see.
Public methods do only make sense if they are called from other classes.
Public minibuses suffer the same drawbacks as public buses.
Public mischief can be a low-level undertaking as well.
Public misconceptions can heighten the isolation for people with vision impairment.
Public mistrust seems based on several perceptions.
Public money belongs to the people.
Public money comes essentially from taxation of the people and of their activities.
Public money funds most research.
Public money is essential to fund the adoption of such a policy.
Public money is for public institutions.
Public money is one thing.
Public money is there to be used for private gain.
Public money ought to be touched with the most scrupulous conscientiousness of honor.
Public money ought to be touched with the most scrupulous consciousness of honour.
Public money turns into private profit and everyone is happy.
Public moneys are trust funds.
Public monuments yield cultural power.
Public mood causes people to change their personal behavior.
Public morals are natural complement of all laws they are by themselves an entire code.
Public morality is something quite different.
Public murals are also great outlets for all ages and ethnicities.
Public museum has exciting exhibits, tours.
Many public museums have textile conservators on staff.
Most public museums offer appraisal or referral services as part of their mandate.
Public names are for communication with other agents.
Public nature walks and workshops also are available.
Public navigation takes place among the settlements of the municipality and other towns.
Public networks employ two types of switching.
All public nights are free of charge.
Public notaries do also submit one copy of the sales contract to the tax authorities.
Public notice appears as an ad in the local newspaper or is posted in the local post office.
Public notice is given and a public hearing is held.
Public notice is given by publication in the Daily Collegian at the beginning of each semester.
Public notice is given in local newspapers to announce the time and date of a public hearing.
Public notice is given of all examinations.
Public notice is given of all scheduled meetings.
Public notice is given that applications are being accepted for appointment to the commission.
Public notice is given through the news media.
Public notice is issued and a hearing conducted if justified.
Public notice is posted prior to all meetings on our home page and elsewhere as required by law.
Public notice is provided before permits are approved.
Public notice is required for applications.
Public notice is something new to prostate cancer.
Public notice is still limited only to adjacent property owners and to county officials.
Public notice occurs after permit issuance.
Public notices go up and come down every day or two.
Public notification is mandatory on all sexual predators.
Public notification is provided to each district customer prior to commencement of flushing program.
Public notification is required for many of the public hearing reviews.
Public nudity can be fun.
Public nudity flashing naturism come shots as well as subtly the erotic photography.
Public nudity is a violation
A public nuisance is a nuisance
Public nuisances are nuisances.
Public nuisances involve actions that injure the public at large.
Public observers can number in the hundreds.
Public offerings can be an easy way for politicians and other influential people to reward allies.
A public office is a position
Public office demands public service.
Public office is a public trust and a social contract.
Public office is a public trust.
Public office is but one way to serve our commonwealth.
Public office is just that, public.
Public office is the last refuge of the incompetent.
Public office pushes officials to be opaque, if for no other reason than efficiency.
Public offices are positions.
Public offices employ the disabled on the condition that they can commute and work for themselves.
Public offices grind to a halt because so many workers are away at funerals.
All public offices seem lifeless.
Public officeholders take oaths to faithfully execute the laws.
Public officers have responsibility to exercise their official duties solely in the public interest.
All public officers are accountable to society for their administration.
Public officials are accountable for their actions.
Public officials are generalists.
Public officials are immune in there discretionary acts.
Public officials are present to listen to their views and to respond to questions and concerns.
Public officials are professionals in the art of confrontation.
Public officials are responsible for satisfying all records requirements.
Public officials are sometimes insensitive or even hostile to the needs of religious persons.
Public officials are subject to an asset control .
Public officials are subject to greater scrutiny by society.
Public officials assume they do.
Public officials become fire fighters for a day.
Public officials come under criticism for even mentioning religious things in public.
Public officials continue to pooh pooh prospects of any real hardship or danger to public safety.
Public officials establish goals, arrange assessment, and hold schools accountable for results.
Public officials find that power is delightful and absolute power, absolutely delightful.
Public officials handling matters of public concern are completely fair game.
Public officials have obligations regarding proper land use.
Public officials have the burden of proving that their actions are entitled to immunity.
Public officials have to be able to reallocate funds in times of emergencies.
Public officials hear mostly from constituents who oppose their actions.
Public officials look to news to determine what issues are hot and which side seems to be winning.
Public officials make public policy.
Public officials meet too many people to remember everyone.
Public officials pay more attention to such communications.
Public officials prefer to let sleeping dogs lie and lying dogs sleep.
Public officials provide leadership in bringing family issues to light.
Public officials see the problem as just another reason to buy a new computer.
Public officials show interest.
Public officials show leadership and restraint.
Public officials take an oath of office to represent the public.
Public officials tend to dress like business people.
Public officials tend to encourage decisions that create and preserve jobs.
Public officials tend to make decisions to please the media.
Public officials to perform duties.
Public officials understand patterns.
Public officials value comments and sources of information they can trust.
All public officials are subordinate as public servants to all citizens.
All public officials take the same oath to uphold the Constitution.
Every public official needs to be educated beyond their intelligence.
Many public officials say they are doing the best they can, yet some people never seem satisfied.
Many public officials talk about the well-being of children as vital to the future of our society.
Most public officials are honourable, professional persons of integrity.
Most public officials extol the happy consequences of more gambling in their jurisdictions.
Most public officials like to hear from their constituents.
Most public officials show interest.
Most public officials try to avoid the issue.
Most public officials understand patterns.
Some public officials determine outbreaks.
Most public operators offer coverage maps on the Web and in hardcopy.
Public opinion appears to be shifting toward Klein.
Public opinion becomes the sole authoritative voice.
Public opinion can be quite sensitive to immediate events.
Public opinion can be unsettling.
Public opinion can change quite sharply in a few years.
Public opinion can change rapidly.
Public opinion can sway the other way as well.
Public opinion changes almost every day.
Public opinion changes as rapidly as a fire flickers.
Public opinion changes slowly, but it can change.
Public opinion changes slowly, but it does change.
Public opinion comes and goes.
Public opinion confounds conventional wisdom at least as often as it confirms it.
Public opinion constitutes one of the cornerstones of democracy.
Public opinion counts for nothing unless it impacts that profit.
Public opinion counts.
Public opinion determines how law evolves.
Public opinion does count.
Public opinion does make a difference.
Public opinion endorses government support for child care.
Public opinion establishes public policy.
Public opinion feeds changes in the law and vice versa.
Public opinion focuses only on major sites.
Public opinion has a different role in foreign policy making than in domestic policy, for instance.
Public opinion has a lot to do with strategy.
Public opinion has an ethical dimension.
Public opinion has an impact on how judges view law.
Public opinion has mixed directions.
Public opinion has no real effect on what happens in Iraq.
Public opinion indicates that a majority of the public is prepared to entertain proposals.
Public opinion is a belief
Public opinion is a big factor.
Public opinion is a common outcome measured by evaluators of mass media initiatives.
Public opinion is a consensus process that moves with amazing speed with out modern communications.
Public opinion is a great aid in any dispute, it raises morale and can be of concrete use.
Public opinion is a powerful thing.
Public opinion is a sleeping tiger.
Public opinion is a spectrum.
Public opinion is a strong force to be reckoned with, and lawsuits are expensive.
Public opinion is a vital force in the process of government.
Public opinion is a weak tyrant compared with our own private opinion.
Public opinion is all about perception over reality.
Public opinion is also a factor to be considered before any new construction.
Public opinion is an effective privacy regulator.
Public opinion is another forceful weapon against unbridled agency action.
Public opinion is another.
Public opinion is anti-tobacco.
Public opinion is aroused.
Public opinion is as important in India as it is in the United States.
Public opinion is at present adverse to the sale of public offices.
Public opinion is based on concepts such as beliefs, values, attitudes, and opinions.
Public opinion is beliefs.
Public opinion is civilization's most powerful currency.
Public opinion is clearly on the side of abolition.
Public opinion is created through awareness.
Public opinion is defined as a. the collected attitudes of citizens on a given issue or question.
Public opinion is definitely on their side.
Public opinion is definitive on the subject.
Public opinion is divided.
Public opinion is evolving rapidly, Liberal strategists acknowledge.
Public opinion is heavily in favor of continuing the present system.
Public opinion is important in the United States.
Public opinion is important only in open, democratic regimes.
Public opinion is improved by additional information and changes in sensible ways.
Public opinion is in their favour.
Public opinion is increasingly on the anti-smoker' side as well.
Public opinion is increasingly on the anti-smokers' side as well.
Public opinion is largely in favour of increased taxation, according to various opinion polls.
Public opinion is lined up in their favor of the new arena.
Public opinion is loud, widespread and, apparently, wrong.
Public opinion is manipulable.
Public opinion is mercurial.
Public opinion is monitored on a nearly constant basis.
Public opinion is naturally subject to manipulation, but so are experts, politicians and the media.
Public opinion is neither sufficient nor necessary to justify that.
Public opinion is of immense consequence to politicians.
Public opinion is often a fickle thing.
Public opinion is on our side.
Public opinion is outraged by events in Palestine and Iraq.
Public opinion is overwhelmingly opposed to genetically modified crops.
Public opinion is really all over the map.
Public opinion is said to favor tougher laws , the death penalty and Singapore -style punishment.
Public opinion is sampled.
Public opinion is slower to change than that of professionals.
Public opinion is solidly behind the military action in the Balkans.
Public opinion is still in the process of germinating.
Public opinion is still strongly against it.
Public opinion is strongly opposed to ending the system of annual review for China.
Public opinion is studied using current theoretical and practical applications.
Public opinion is such a volatile thing.
Public opinion is suspicious of CEOs, whose pay has soared even while companies downsized.
Public opinion is the bedrock upon which democracy is built.
Public opinion is the keystone of a democracy.
Public opinion is the prime mover of public policy in a democracy.
Public opinion is the tip of a giant iceberg consisting of many more opinions.
Public opinion is the ultimate arbiter, anyway.
Public opinion is turned on and off in laboratory fashion.
Public opinion is ultimately a major force for change.
Public opinion is usually soft.
Public opinion is usually wrong.
Public opinion is very important, especially when drastically changing any area.
Public opinion is very supportive of libraries.
Public opinion is what prevails in the streets and is later expressed in the ballot boxes.
Public opinion is, however, but little favourable to the system of contracts.
Public opinion looks aside, allowing the recognized evil only because it appears to be unavoidable.
Public opinion needs to be enlightened and convinced.
Public opinion pins the blame squarely on the government.
Public opinion places boundaries on allowable types of public policy.
Public opinion plays only a minimal role in the political process.
Public opinion produces the power, and the power produces public opinion.
Public opinion refuses anything from Israel.
Public opinion remains absolutely essential for anything to be done on behalf of the environment.
Public opinion remains divided, sometimes hysterical and often ill-informed.
Public opinion remains uninformed, and therefore unexpressed.
Public opinion runs the gamut.
Public opinion seems mixed.
Public opinion seems to be solidly behind reforms of unemployment insurance and welfare.
Public opinion stands behind the clean up of dirty diesel buses and trucks.
Public opinion stifles contrary opinions and imposes a rule of common sense.
Public opinion suggests they do for a number of reasons.
Public opinion supports alternatives to the death penalty .
Public opinion supports government-run prisons over private ones .
Public opinion supports retaliation in case of attack and, as if summoned, the missiles strike.
Public opinion supports safe, professional, publicly-run correctional services.
Public opinion supports stem cell research.
Public opinion sustains governments.
Public opinion sympathizes with the demands of powerful pressure groups to stop progress.
Public opinion takes a broader, less predictable view.
Public opinion takes several views.
Public opinion tends to change with time and circumstances.
Public opinion values a diploma according to the repute of the college that grants it.
Public opinion varies.
Public opinions are private lazinesses.
Public opposition can defer construction for years or block the project altogether.
Public opposition stops private hospital Bills.
Public order deteriorates, and crime and substance abuse rise.
Public order deteriorates.
Public order is crucial, and that is clearly the role of the military.
Public organizations are in a special situation.
Public organizations are the core of the fight for human rights in any society.
All public organizations are different.
Many public organizations offer free legal assistance to their members.
Some public organizations charge an admission fee .
Public outcry can help.
Public outcry forces a reverse of that decision.
Public outcry is crucial.
Public outcry is needed.
Public outcry is overwhelming.
Public outcry opposes the government's approval of U.S. cruise missile testing in the west.
Public outrage becomes apparent.
Public outrage is a more effective lever against polluters than the law can ever be.
Public outrage is at an all-time high.
Public outrage is dead.
Public outrage is fueled by a growing awareness of the real costs of the problem.
Public outrage is somewhat responsible for the swift, harsh penalties.
Public outrage seems ineffectual.
Public outreach is a major component of both siting studies.
Public outreach is also a key part of the process.
Public outreach is an important component.
Public outreach is indeed a reciprocal activity.
Public outreach is performed through headquarters and regional office personnel.
Public oversight is a way to police the forest managers.
Public ownership encourages neglect and mismanagement.
Public ownership is a controversial issue in the American West.
Public ownership is by the government.
Public ownership keeps prices below market.
Public ownership means too many bosses.
Public pages are available to anyone.
Public pages are available to the general public.
Public pages are mostly departmental and unit web sites.
Some public pages are available for viewing.
Public parks are ablaze with many thousands of lanterns in all colors and sizes and shapes.
Public parks are ablaze with many thousands of lanterns in all colours and sizes and shapes.
Public parks are important contexts in which such socialisation occurs.
Public parks are just that.
Public parks are parks.
Public parks are preferred.
Public parks can double as hotels, too.
Public parks have plenty of room for add-ons like speakers and music.
Public parks offer picnicking, playgrounds, tennis courts, and a municipal swimming pool.
Public parks provide adventures closer to home.
Some public parks require permits of owners, or they require dogs to be licensed.
Some public parks require that a permit be obtained in advance.
Public parking is also available within steps of the studio.
Public parking is at rear of building on left on a first come basis.
Public parking is at the front, physician parking is to the side and staff parking is at the back.
Public parking is available all year and for a fee in the summer.
Public parking is available and the building is wheelchair accessible.
Public parking is available around the perimeter of the campus.
Public parking is available as above.
Public parking is available at campus meters and visitor lots.
Public parking is available at Dragon City basement levels.
Public parking is available at or near all of our locations.
Public parking is available at the locations indicated below.
Public parking is available at the underground garage next to our building.
Public parking is available for a nominal fee in the adjacent parking garage.
Public parking is available for additional vehicles.
Public parking is available for night games, but at a premium during the day.
Public parking is available in lots adjacent to the pier.
Public parking is available in many downtown lots.
Public parking is available in many spots downtown.
Public parking is available in nearby commercial parking lots.
Public parking is available in the area.
Public parking is available in the areas indicated in yellow.
Public parking is available in the building.
Public parking is available in the front of the building.
Public parking is available in the green lot, north of the red lot.
Public parking is available in the local area for a fee.
Public parking is available in the lot just to the east of the admission building.
Public parking is available in the metered lot in front of the restaurant and downtown garages.
Public parking is available nearby at parking meters and parking garages.
Public parking is available nearby.
Public parking is available on the east and southeast side of the Library entrance.
Public parking is available on the shore of the lake.
Public parking is available opposite the museum.
Public parking is available throughout the downtown area.
Public parking is available to the east of the building.
Public parking is available.
Public parking is behind the building.
Public parking is behind the office building.
Public parking is extremely limited and the use of public transportation is highly recommended.
Public parking is free.
Public parking is in one of the off-site parking areas served by the shuttle bus system.
Public parking is in the back.
Public parking is limited and can be expensive.
Public parking is limited to the surrounding streets and commercial garages.
Public parking is limited.
Public parking is located across from the library.
Public parking is located at the first entrance on the right.
Public parking is located at the second garage entrance on the left.
Public parking is located in the lot on the west side of the courthouse, as well as on the street.
Public parking is located just across the street from the library.
Public parking is located just across the street.
Public parking is located nearby.
Public parking is near the hotel.
Public parking is nearby.
Public parking is next to our main entrance.
Public parking is non-existent.
Public parking is offered for a reasonable fee under the building.
Public parking is on left.
Public parking is on the left, immediately after the office building.
Public parking is on the north side of the library, facing the public entrance.
Public parking is open to all.
Public parking is outside the fence.
Public parking is shown in green.
Public parking is very limited.
Some public parking is available in front of the library, right beside the lake.
Public participation builds trust and support.
Public participation can play an important role in coastal management decisions.
Public participation can take many forms.
Public participation changes policy.
Public participation is a big part of the review processes.
Public participation is a core of the Growth Management Act.
Public participation is a cornerstone of the agency's management.
Public participation is a critical element for the success of the plan.
Public participation is a critical element in developing the regional plans.
Public participation is a critical tool in plan development.
Public participation is a dialogue between different parties.
Public participation is a key element of the decision-making process in environmental policies.
Public participation is a very meaningful component in project certification.
Public participation is a vital element of community prosecution.
Public participation is about partnerships, relationships, community.
Public participation is always welcome.
Public participation is an element of the regulatory process.
Public participation is an essential component of all phases.
Public participation is an important component of the planning process.
Public participation is an important element in any highway improvement project.
Public participation is an important part of the environmental review process.
Public participation is an important part of the mining review process.
Public participation is an important part of the project.
Public participation is an integral and important part of the planning and exchange processes.
Public participation is an integral part of scoping.
Public participation is an integral part of the development process.
Public participation is an integral part of the planning process.
Public participation is at an all time low.
Public participation is critical to establishing the right to continued public use.
Public participation is crucial to the design process.
Public participation is discretionary, as are many of the provisions of the Mines Act.
Public participation is discussed in greater detail below.
Public participation is encouraged .
Public participation is encouraged for each study.
Public participation is encouraged in all discussions.
Public participation is encouraged in the public review process.
Public participation is encouraged throughout the development of the State Rail Plan.
Public participation is encouraged, both in the field and in the lab.
Public participation is encouraged.
Public participation is especially important at several points of the analysis.
Public participation is essential for effective resource management.
Public participation is essential for the proper management of natural resources.
Public participation is essential to the success of the project.
Public participation is facilitated by free mail, email, telephone and fax.
Public participation is hampered by inadequate access to information about proposed projects.
Public participation is held at the beginning of the meeting.
Public participation is important for two reasons.
Public participation is important in all facets of government, whether it's research or regulation.
Public participation is important to all board members.
Public participation is important to the analysis.
Public participation is integral to all phases.
Public participation is invited.
Public participation is key to the preservation and protection of our public lands.
Public participation is of a twofold nature.
Public participation is our aim.
Public participation is the answer.
Public participation is the cornerstone of our democratic form of government.
Public participation is the first item on the agenda.
Public participation is the foundation of Florida's planning pyramid.
Public participation is the single most important element in preventing and solving crimes.
Public participation is therefore impractical.
Public participation is very important in the preparation of the Comprehensive Plan.
Public participation is vital to protecting our water sources, building adequate treatment plants.
Public participation is welcome and encouraged.
Public participation is welcome.
Public participation is welcomed and encouraged.
Public participation is welcomed in such programmes.
Public participation is welcomed.
Public participation needs to be provided when procedures are streamlined.
Public participation plays a key role in both planning and management.
Public participation plays an important role in the environmental analysis process.
Public participation takes many forms.
Public partners range from the federal level to the local, county level.
Public passes are for sale at the pool only.
Public paths mean just that - open to the public.
Public patrons are welcome.
Public patrons comprise the next level, while faculty ask only a few questions.
Public patrons give students practical experience.
Public pay remains a problem.
Public payers utilize the data in pricing policy and program design.
Public perception can be a powerful force.
Public perception is a funny thing.
Public perception is a problem.
Public perception is also an opportunity.
Public perception is enhanced merely because someone unconnected with revenue hears the case.
Public perception is everything.
Public perception is important to consumer acceptance of pork products.
Public perception is important.
Public perception is negative.
Public perception is of a similar notion save for the Irish nationalists.
Public perception is of ancient and massive trees in cool, damp forests.
Public perception is often more powerful than reality.
Public perception is still weak and even confuses it with with hydroponic products.
Public perception is that all state programs are adequately funded.
Public perception is that an office is an office.
Public perception is that child sexual abuse is an isolated phenomenon.
Public perception is that jail time is easy to get out of.
Public perception is vital.
Public perception lags far behind reality.
Public perception remains mired in an unshakable shroud of skepticism.
Public perception tends to lump all tribes into that same category.
Public perceptions are a key barometer of governance.
Public perceptions are everything.
Public perceptions make a big difference in how technology is accepted.
Public perceptions play an important role in engineering ethics.
Public perceptions tend to veer towards the latter but weather diviners are sceptical.
Public performance can never compensate for lack of spiritual fervor.
Public performance is included as a course requirement.
Public performance is optional.
Public performance is required.
Public performances are a celebratory aspect of each program.
Public performances are a required component of the course.
Public performances are subject to special state income tax regulations.
Public performances begin in the second year of training.
Public performances enhance community cultural life, preserve the art form, and bring cheer to all.
Some public performance is likely.
Public phone has volume control.
Public phones are at the head of the dock, as is a weather radio receiver.
Public phones are available at most stations for local assistance.
Public phones are available here more than in other Latin American countries.
Public phones are available in a private area around the corner from the computer lab.
Public phones are available in many shops, restaurants, and on the street.
Public phones are available in most main centres.
Public phones are available near the ride-boards to make reservations.
Public phones are available.
Public phones are common from which all calls can be dialled.
Public phones are plentiful.
Public phones are quite everywhere too.
Public phones are widely available and operate with a calling card.
Public phones are widely available in Palestine especially in towns and cities.
Public phones operate by phone cards.
Public phones require coin or card deposit.
Public phones require coin payment throughout call.
Public phones require local coin payment through call.
Most public phones accept coins or a pre-paid phone card that can be purchased locally.
Most public phones can call to mobile phone.
Most public phones take coins.
Some public phones accept cards.
Public piers are few and a bit overfished.
Public place includes any place to which the public access as a right or by invitation.
Public places are a hassle.
Public places are great for that sort of thing.
Public places are important, even or perhaps especially anonymous public places like laundromats.
Public places are sites.
Public places don t make unruly kids, they just expose untraining parents.
Public places exist to support a community.
Most public places are non-smoking inside, eg banks, shops.
Some public places have an exemption from the health regulations on smoking.
Some public places have wheelchairs.
Public planning is included.
Public planning is, however, fundamentally different from private planning.
Public play is available at mid-range, championship course rates.
Public play is invited.
Public play is welcome on a green fee basis.
Public play is welcomed.
Public playgrounds can be wonderful places for children to have fun and face new challenges.
Public plaza features native Nevada wildlife reliefs and unique fountains.
Public pledges are a powerful tool for ending centuries-old traditions.
Public poetry is a gift, written for others before it is written for the self.
Public police are notoriously difficult to discipline .
Public policies affect almost every aspect of our lives.
Public policies affect Indian country and they are forwarded by elected officials.
Public policies affect the well-being of older adults.
Public policies are the outputs of government.
Public policies arise as a result of such questions.
Public policies can mitigate or exacerbate outcomes of the marketplace.
Public policies continue to limit access to political offices.
Public policies determine the priority given to infrastructure investments.
Public policies have some effect.
Public policies regarding sex-related social problems remain restrictive.
Public policies related to aging affect the well being of older and younger generations.
Public policy affecting economic forces is examined in both a national and international context.
Public policy affects many people .
Public policy affects the distribution of income most obviously through tax and transfer policies.
Public policy approaches to solutions and the costs and benefits of alternative solutions.
Public policy bars any liability for failure to comply with an armed robber's demand for money.
Public policy becomes, at some point, the law passed or the budget utilized.
Public policy can be boring, laborious, and painfully technical.
Public policy can cure many market failures.
Public policy can partly bridge the gap by ensuring access to the normal services and programmes.
Public policy can provide and enhance opportunity and access for people.
Public policy changes with the times, as the economy, society, and morality changes.
Public policy concerning poverty and discrimination is studied and discussed.
Public policy consists of statements or principles underlying government action.
Public policy continues to promote family formation.
Public policy Create better diversity training for teachers.
Public policy dictates that an agency has the authority to establish reasonable rules and orders.
Public policy dictates that they be bound by the result.
Public policy does little to nurture that strength, either on the farm or off.
Public policy favors access so that the public's questions, if any, can be answered.
Public policy favors prompt disclosure of campaign contributions.
Public policy favors reasonable conduct by consumers regardless of whether a product is defective.
Public policy favors setting child support at a specific amount.
Public policy favors the collective bargaining process.
Public policy favors the early disclosure of inventions.
Public policy favors the efficient use of judicial resources.
Public policy has a big impact on entrepreneurship.
Public policy has a role to play in our search for lasting security and meaning.
Public policy has an enormous impact on smoking cessation.
Public policy has roles.
Public policy includes legislation, fiscal measures, taxation and organizational change.
Public policy includes programs about labor, schools, and new market areas.
Public policy involves conflict which makes finding resolutions difficult.
Public policy is a broad concept embodying the community common sense and common conscience.
Public policy is a polite way to talk nonsense.
Public policy is a public response to perceived public problems.
Public policy is about tradeoffs.
Public policy is all important, particularly at the beginning of their development.
Public policy is analyzed and discussed using appropriate models and research.
Public policy is based on objective knowledge free of vested interests.
Public policy is concerned with a spectrum of decision-making.
Public policy is derived from constitutional and statutory enactments and judicial decisions.
Public policy is determined by a highly developed process that takes place on an ongoing basis.
Public policy is developed through a process of debate and compromise.
Public policy is driven by public opinion.
Public policy is examined as a process extending from policy formulation through implementation.
Public policy is found in statutes, and in other places.
Public policy is generality.
Public policy is ill-served when issues are mischaracterized.
Public policy is inherently complex and value laden.
Public policy is inherently substantive and symbolic.
Public policy is key in developing cultural policy but it is fraught with complex decisions.
Public policy is most important in determining the nature and level of immigration.
Public policy is one of the tools used by public health to create a healthy environment.
Public policy is only a temporary equilibrium.
Public policy is supportive of excellence in health and health services.
Public policy is the end product of legislative activity.
Public policy is the most controversial phase of forestry management and other resource questions.
Public policy is the result of the political process.
Public policy is to assure that children have frequent and continuing access to both parents.
Public policy is transitory, private-sector progress less so.
Public policy is what governments do, why they do it, and what difference it makes.
Public policy means the public good.
Public policy needs to catch up.
Public policy needs to consider the social and economic factors underpinning the seed industry.
Public policy oriented prevention has two advantages over educationally oriented prevention.
Public policy ought to reflect the ideal.
Public policy plays a role.
Public policy presuming open records and language strictly construing exceptions favors disclosure.
Public policy processes affecting business operations.
Public policy prohibits discrimination against homosexuals.
Public policy prohibits ex parte contact between the defense counsel and the treating physician.
Public policy promotes the availability of housing options and enforces universal design criteria.
Public policy reflects reality.
Public policy regarding vaccines is fundamentally flawed.
Public policy reinforces the idea when it categorizes people by color or ethnicity.
Public policy requires a background check before teachers are permanently employed.
Public policy requires a finality to litigation.
Public policy requires making decisions despite often high levels of uncertainty.
Public policy requires more than theory to be credible and effective.
Public policy requires the stability of judgments.
Public policy responses to access and insurance-related problems.
Public policy responses to emerging technologies.
Public policy seeks to keep addicts healthy, productive citizens.
Public policy seems remote and civic engagement is weakened.
Public policy shifts the cost from government to private industry to pay for health care.
Public policy speaks both the language of technology and the arts.
Public policy supports behavior.
Public policy supports healthy behavior.
Public policy tends to work best when it is driven by a plurality of interests.
Many public policies succeed or fail because of the incentives they generate, often inadvertently.
Most public policy has roles.
Most public policy reflects reality.
Most public policy supports healthy behavior.
Some public policy affects economic growth.
Some public policy affects growth.
Some public policy governs children.
Some public policy promotes economic growth.
Some public policy promotes growth.
Public polls are generally inaccurate and untrustworthy.
Public polls determine truth and morality.
Public polls indicate that the vast majority of the Palestinian population wants peace.
Public pools are also available, but it is usually packed and noisy.
Public pools are in Vernal, Utah, and Rangely, Colorado.
Public pools are open at several central locations in Dublin.
Many public pools have lifts or ramps with handrails for greater accessibility.
Public ports are open for all cargoes, which are usually break bulk and containers.
Public ports generate significant local and regional economic growth, including job creation.
Public ports generate significant local and regional economic growth.
Public power has a respectable place in the United States.
Public power has to be the great encouraging force.
Public power is a significant added attraction.
Public power is an American tradition that works.
Public power is an old idea whose time has come in California.
Public power is diminished as well.
Public power is necessary, because the other option is worse.
Public power is no fantasy.
Public power is the public's defense against the greed and dysfunction of a market run amok.
Public power looks appealing to cities.
Public power seems to lack the vision to lead the necessary diversification.
Public power shines during the California energy crisis .
Public power works for public purposes independent of power market fluctuations.
Public power works.
Public practitioners work for federal, state and county or municipal agencies.
Public praise is also effective.
Public praise is one form of short-lived reward.
Public prayer is a way of life in America and most people see nothing wrong with that.
Public prayer is the most visible venue for what has been described as the culture war.
Public prayers are loud, long, powerful, while private ones are non-existent.
Public presentation is a big part of our work.
Public presentation is a show
Public presentation is required in the second semester, senior year.
Public presentations are an essential part of any exciting job.
Public presentations continue to receive strongly positive feedback.
All public presentations are free.
Public pressure can be useful.
Public pressure can help.
Public pressure can make a huge difference.
Public pressure can only play into the hands of the power hungry demogogues.
Public pressure continues to force changes in the application and availability of pesticides.
Public pressure is also important in restructuring and improving environmental administration.
Public pressure is critical.
Public pressure is crucial.
Public pressure is essential if change is to be achieved.
Public pressure is needed more than ever.
Public pressure is needed to convince politicians and the political bureaucracy.
Public pressure is needed to push governments over the edge towards effective controls on HFCs.
Public pressure is often imperative in agrarian reform.
Public pressure is our most powerful tool.
Public pressure leans toward reducing class sizes, creating the demand for more educators.
Public pressure works both ways.
Public prestige is usually a background factor.
Public pride emerges only in the twentieth century.
Public printers are available in each company area, but are in high demand.
Public printers are available.
Public proceedings help to ensure that a defendant is treated fairly.
Public processes are the business processes conducted between organizations.
Public procurement can also play an important role in strengthening demand for recycled products.
Public procurement emphasizes commitment to ethical standards.
Public procurement is a major part of the European economy.
Public procurement is certainly one such area.
Public procurement is therefore an enormous potential market for firms worldwide.
Public procurement represents a major source of demand for goods and services in most countries.
Public profanity is up to the operators and owners of the channel in question.
Public programs appeal to children and adults, and are updated seasonally.
Public programs are available and are always changing.
Public programs are available as per schedule.
Public programs are free, unless otherwise noted.
Public programs are more frequent and cover a greater number of topics.
Public programs are more frequent on the weekends and during the summer months.
Public programs are offered in the summer .
Public programs are offered in the summer.
Public programs associated with the exhibition include a planned lecture series by Nobel laureates.
Public programs continue to pay for an increasing percentage of all U.S. health care.
Public programs create constituencies with an incentive to organize to maintain their benefits.
Public programs is lots of fun.
All public programs are free.
All public programs are open to the public and free of charge, unless otherwise noted.
Many public programs are seasonal.
Public projects affect both individual farmland owners and the farmland resources of an area.
Many public projects function with only a small percentage contributing.
A public property is a property
Public properties are properties.
Public properties are public places.
Public property belongs to the people as the basis for the development of society.
Public property can also be the product of gift.
Public property creates a demand for bad public policy.
Public property includes all parks, sidewalks, streets, etc.
Public property includes roads, streets, and publicly-owned facilities.
Public property is inviolable.
Public property is land that every citizen of our country has a right to visit and enjoy.
Public property is misused.
Public property is now just another parcel on the auction block.
Public property is public, and that can be stretched to include the human act of making love.
Public property is sacrosanct.
Public property is the classic arena for political debate.
Public property is used by closed membership groups.
Public property separates action from consequences.
Public protection includes police and fire protection.
Public protection is at the heart of supervision planning.
Public protest is extremely rare in Vietnam.
Public protest is one valuable form of participation in democracy.
Public protest stops plan.
Public protests are also common, providing a safety valve for people to vent their concerns.
Public protests are rare in Singapore.
Public providers offer services to all persons meeting their criteria for eligibility.
Public provision is under attack from other quarters as well, the report adds.
Public provision is under attack from other quarters as well.
Public radio families find news.
Public radio attracts people, after all, who are bright, talented and highly principled.
Public radio broadcasts concerts.
Public radio does indeed rely on listener support.
Public radio enriches the quality of life with outstanding programs.
Public radio has a mission, a set of values.
Public radio has a strong, viable product with a highly desirable audience.
Public radio is a major contender, though.
Public radio is a nice place to plug in to the rest of the world.
Public radio is a product of the establishment.
Public radio is a true catalyst.
Public radio is a vital avenue of information in remote areas such as the Arizona Strip.
Public radio is about quality.
Public radio is also an excellent source of information regarding current political issues.
Public radio is also the tri-state's only source for classical, jazz, folk, and eclectic music.
Public radio is an ideal locus for the exchange of ideas about culture and the arts.
Public radio is available from Little Rock stations.
Public radio is cost effective and frequently targets that audience.
Public radio is great.
Public radio is on course to achieve that goal .
Public radio is poised to take advantage of web technology and offer a unique product.
Public radio is the best way for many businesses to reach an important segment of their market.
Public radio is the exception and it does an excellent job.
Public radio is the great leveling ground for all sorts of people.
Public radio is, by far, the best place to hear jazz.
Public radio makes listening itself active.
Public radio provides a few minutes everyday in Catalan.
Public radio provides such a great opportunity to go into depth.
Public radio reaches opinion leaders.
Public radio succeeds by giving voice to a diverse America.
Public ramps are still closed for the season.
All public rates are subject to change.
Public reaction can be surprising.
Public reaction has a way of backing lawyers into a corner.
Public reaction is appreciated by artists accustomed to working alone in their studios.
Public reaction is discussed.
Public reaction is mass indifference, with sales vastly below company forecasts.
Public reaction is mixed though.
Public reaction is still unclear.
Public reaction joins Arkansas with Missouri and Illinois as states which have shed innocent blood.
Public reaction seems to have been lukewarm despite a determined marketing effort.
Public reactions are mixed.
Public readings are something else again.
Public reception promises to be much warmer.
All public recitals are subject to prior review and approval by a faculty committee.
Public recognition is a powerful stimulant.
Public recognition is paramount in selecting an outstanding athlete.
Public recognition is possible.
Public recognition motivates providers to keep providing high standard work.
Public record is, by definition, an account of happenings that affect the public.
Public records are a key source of information about government actions and decisions.
Public records are a rich source of personal identifying information for businesses and people.
Public records are also increasingly available.
Public records are also on credit reports.
Public records are open to inspection at all times during office hours.
Public records are public.
Public records are the hallmark of an open government.
Public records call for somewhat different treatment.
Public records can be of assistance in determining if an outstanding account is collectible.
Public records contain crucial background information about people and businesses.
Public records contain limited information on minors.
Public records filed in Canada and the Virgin Islands are also available.
Public records guard the rights of citizens and chronicle local history.
Public records help round out the story.
Public records indicate that Chaucer had no descendants living after the fifteenth century.
Public records list all the beneficiaries.
Public records present a different case than non-public information.
Public records request.
Public records stored in a computer are subject to state disclosure provisions.
All public records are available online.
All public records are open in New Mexico.
All public records are public property.
Any public record is subject to discovery requests as part of a legal proceeding.
Most public records are at the state and local level.
Most public records are silent on the black population.
Some public records are also available via the Greenville County web site.
Public recreation is part of tourism.
All public referendums are binding.
Public registers cover related areas as well, including waste regulation and discharges to water.
Public registration is open for both seminars.
Public regulation is considered both in theory and in practice.
Public relation is an important part of the board's function.
Public relation works.
Public relations adds value by decreasing the expenses that are necessary when issues are ignored.
Public relations are a vital part of the job.
Public relations are also easier with tungsten ammunition, according to the report.
Public relations are important for any business.
Public relations are mass communication.
Public relations are promotions.
Public relations are things that are done to improve the company image.
Public relations are truly a key to leadership.
Public relations are vital when there are problems.
Public relations asks that all requests go through the public relations department.
Public relations attracts qualified show attendees and conference registrants.
Public relations becomes a priority.
Public relations benefit on campus.
Public relations boost for the university.
Public relations can also manage a negative situation.
Public relations can always benefit from new initiatives and workshops.
Public relations can be a difficult concept to grasp.
Public relations can be a powerful and inexpensive marketing tool for small business.
Public relations can be a safety valve for freedom.
Public relations can be an efficient and cost-effective way to promote the products.
Public relations can be as simple as a smile.
Public relations can be the most challenging and exciting career.
Public relations can help activate organization's social conscience.
Public relations can help activate organizations' social conscience.
Public relations comes in many forms.
Public relations connotes a positive image while propaganda carries a very negative one.
Public relations employs media controlled by others to create a favourable climate of opinion.
Public relations experience a plus.
Public relations have a friendly, helpful person to answer questions.
Public relations helps advertising by creating credibility for a product or service.
Public relations helps to protect the present position when an organization is under attack.
Public relations impacts most areas of our lives.
Public relations includes ongoing activities to ensure the organization has a strong public image.
Public relations involves crisis and issue management.
Public relations involves more than publicity.
Public relations is a big concern.
Public relations is a broad stroke that's used to smooth over the rough edges of a problem.
Public relations is a critical responsibility of nearly every member of the library profession.
Public relations is a dialogic or audience sensitive activity.
Public relations is a field that demands attention to detail and highly developed writing skills.
Public relations is a fragile creature.
Public relations is a function of management.
Public relations is a function of modern management.
Public relations is a growing industry.
Public relations is a key part of the marketing mix.
Public relations is a means of getting attention and shaping public opinion.
Public relations is a much simpler and more controllable process than genuine public consultation.
Public relations is a much-maligned and often misunderstood profession.
Public relations is a necessary partof the marketing mix.
Public relations is a universal activity.
Public relations is a very important part of defending our right to practice social nudity.
Public relations is all about communication.
Public relations is also important.
Public relations is also part of self-justification.
Public relations is also very important.
Public relations is an essential aspect of a successful speech and debate program.
Public relations is an important part of a conservation warden s job.
Public relations is an incredibly effective marketing tool.
Public relations is an integral part of any practice.
Public relations is an ongoing effort that can have either a positive or a negative effect.
Public relations is an organization s effort to win the cooperation of groups of people.
Public relations is another career path in which a marketing degree can very beneficial.
Public relations is another critical aspect of promotion.
Public relations is another important reason that companies now emphasize pollution prevention.
Public relations is common sense and hard work.
Public relations is different.
Public relations is diverse, and that's why it's probably the least understood tool of the three.
Public relations is essential.
Public relations is great for image building, but lacks in changing or influencing behavior.
Public relations is important, but recruitment goes beyond it.
Public relations is in trouble.
Public relations is like cosmetics.
Public relations is more limited in scope and is usually directed toward the media and the public.
Public relations is multi-channeled.
Public relations is often harder than it looks.
Public relations is part science and a lot of art.
Public relations is probably the most important part of our job.
Public relations is really about educating the public, gaining their trust and keeping it.
Public relations is relatively a small and new profession - but growing.
Public relations is simply a tool.
Public relations is something that most companies and small Web sites overlook.
Public relations is sometimes hard to evaluate.
Public relations is the business of establishing a rapport with a variety of publics.
Public relations is the foundation of the communication program for many of our clients.
Public relations is the most cost-effective promotional tool available to marketers.
Public relations is the process of shaping public opinion.
Public relations is the total process of building goodwill toward a business.
Public relations is usually more subtle, gently nudging audiences and influencing their attitudes.
Public relations is very important.
Public relations is very much an art of persuasion.
Public relations is vital to each club's success.
Public relations is what campus journalism mainly consists of today.
Public relations know-how is the criteria for successful performance.
Public relations means control of a public.
Public relations needs to produce communication materials with that idea in mind.
Public relations operates within a framework of ethical advocacy.
Public relations plays a big part in our business and helps considerably with quality control.
Public relations primer on crisis communication.
Public relations produces publicity.
Public relations provides credible, targeted exposure.
Public relations review.
Public relations sells the general image of a company.
Public relations starts with critical thinking and writing.
Public relations starts with language.
Public relations supervises the annual advertising and publicity campaigns.
Public relations take on many forms.
Public relations take over from personal relations and spin edges out substance.
Public relations work for department events.
Public relations work with television, radio, and print media.
Public relations works best when it works in conjunction with a potent marketing program.
Public relations works but it takes a lot of work.
Public relations works in two directions.
Public relations works much the same way.
Some public relations lessons the tobacco industry has learned .
Public release is undecided.
Public releases are in planning.
Public religiosity is bad enough.
Public remarks urge less grazing in Grand Teton.
Public representatives have a tendency to limit public access to information.
Public research can be more speculative, broader and longer-term.
Public reservations are available for large groups.
Many public reserves sit on traditional lands.
Public resistance extends to Australia's own low-level nuclear waste.
Public response is now positive.
Public response is usually positive.
Public responses can shape the final version of agency rules.
Public responsibility flies out of the ballpark as sports moguls load the bases - with cash.
Public restaurants are on the first and second floors.
Public restrooms are also accessible from both the front and rear elevator lobbies.
Public restrooms are also available opposite the elevators on the second and third floors.
Public restrooms are also available.
Public restrooms are also wheelchair friendly.
Public restrooms are any open spaces on the street.
Public restrooms are available in the park.
Public restrooms are available on board each vessel as well as inside our terminals.
Public restrooms are available.
Public restrooms are clean and neat in general.
Public restrooms are everywhere.
Public restrooms are near both the boat ramp and the ranger station.
Public restrooms are nearby.
Public restrooms are now available on all floors .
Public restrooms are open year round.
Public restrooms are quarry tile on floor and walls with floor drains.
Public restrooms are to the left.
Public restrooms offer their own challenges for navigating a germ war zone.
Public restrooms provide limited access.
All public restrooms are accessible to persons with mobility disabilities.
All public restrooms are accessible.
All public restrooms are wheelchair accessible.
Public resumes appear in all resume searches by all employers.
Public revenues are up.
Public revenues remain severely limited.
Public review is Closed.
Public review is underway.
Public ridicule is one thing.
Public rituals are easier to define.
Public road includes streets, highways, interstates, or other publicly maintained way.
Public road runs through the park.
Public roads are for everyone.
Public roads ought to stay public.
Public roads provide good access to much of the lake.
Public roads serve multiple usages.
All public roadways are out of bounds.
Public rooms are airy and comfortable.
Public rooms are airy and light.
Public rooms are available for private parties, receptions, and conferences.
Public rooms are comfortably elegant.
Public rooms are especially impressive.
Public rooms are free.
Public rooms are immense, with high ceiling, and impeccably furnished.
Public rooms are impressive and continue to be upgraded and improved.
Public rooms are on the first floor.
Public rooms are spacious and the hotel has a bar and a garden terrace.
Public rooms are usually on the second floor.
Public rooms have an atmosphere of times past.
Public rooms have large windows for good river viewing.
Public rooms have oriental carpets, old prints and paintings and a marble fireplace.
All public rooms face the Lake, terrace and gardens, and offer perfect relaxation.
All public rooms have door widths suitable for wheelchair access.
All public rooms work in a similar way.
Public safety comes first.
Public safety continues to be a primary concern.
Public safety demands eliminating hazardous structures.
Public safety demands it.
Public safety demands some maintenance of order.
Public safety demands that the police intrude everywhere.
Public safety depends on equal and effective administration of justice.
Public safety disappears.
Public safety has nothing to do with it.
Public safety has special needs for their sites to be effective.
Public safety includes police and fire services and emergency preparedness.
Public safety is a baseline issue that makes everything else possible.
Public safety is a city's first priority.
Public safety is a continual concern for rural communities.
Public safety is a cornerstone to our quality of life.
Public safety is a focus of campus police work.
Public safety is a precondition to economic activity.
Public safety is a priority.
Public safety is a team effort.
Public safety is a top priority of the Liberal government.
Public safety is a top priority.
Public safety is a very important function of government.
Public safety is also a priority.
Public safety is always a critical concern to safe chasers.
Public safety is an area generally considered best left up to the public sector.
Public safety is an emotional matter, and public officials are loath to seem indifferent.
Public safety is an example of a public purpose.
Public safety is an expense that most corporations together bear the price.
Public safety is another concern.
Public safety is another critical area that is impacted by drug abuse.
Public safety is another ideal application for neighborhood automation.
Public safety is another important issue for city planners to be aware of.
Public safety is another key issue.
Public safety is another of the federal government's priorities.
Public safety is at stake here.
Public safety is average for the area .
Public safety is below average, but has improved from years past.
Public safety is certainly an issue of universal concern.
Public safety is considered in the choice of factors of safety and is stressed in design projects.
Public safety is even more important than our beautiful views.
Public safety is everyone's responsibility.
Public safety is expensive.
Public safety is important when consuming the live perishable product.
Public safety is increased, because people feel safer in a clean, litter-free environment.
Public safety is inherent in all staff decision-making.
Public safety is just one of the mandates of the administrator and expectations of the public.
Public safety is just one of the many services that is assigned specific sets of frequencies.
Public safety is local and very important to elected officials.
Public safety is no exception.
Public safety is of great concern.
Public safety is one of the most essential functions of government.
Public safety is our first concern.
Public safety is our number one mission.
Public safety is our number one priority.
Public safety is our priority.
Public safety is our top priority.
Public safety is our utmost concern.
Public safety is protected wherever a pipeline is built.
Public safety is quite good.
Public safety is simply too important and too big of a job to leave to the police alone.
Public safety is slightly below average for the area but has improved from years past.
Public safety is supposed to be our number-one priority.
Public safety is supreme law.
Public safety is the first and most important function of government.
Public safety is the first responsibility of government.
Public safety is the highest priority.
Public safety is the number one priority during the removal of the tower.
Public safety is the number one priority of Canada's criminal justice system.
Public safety is the number one priority of government.
Public safety is the primary concern for any signage project.
Public safety is the primary consideration in closure decisions.
Public safety is the primary factor in all correctional decision-making.
Public safety is the primary requirement.
Public safety is the problem.
Public safety is the significant concern.
Public safety is the sole consideration at issue in the instant proceeding.
Public safety is the top priority.
Public safety is their first and foremost concern.
Public safety is threatened by the condition of the highway.
Public safety needs a raise and the unions can help but it takes time.
Public safety needs bicycles.
Public safety needs to be served by the closest available unit.
Public safety remains our number one priority.
Public safety remains our top priority.
Public safety remains paramount on any such decision making.
Public safety remains the first priority in implementing the Community Protection Act.
Public safety remains the highest priority for the City of Reno and there's no room for complacency.
Public safety remains the primary and constant factor in all correctional decision-making.
Public safety requires firm, but fair, offender management.
Public safety serves as the cornerstone of vital, economically productive and livable communities.
Public safety takes back seat to politics in state legislature Wait till next year.
Public sanctions are likely to continue being given in the future.
Public sanitation is a problem in many rural areas.
Public scepticism is fueled by America's long history of advance and retreat on racial matters.
Public scholarship can cause others to think A good public scholar is a public teacher.
A public school is a school
Public school has a lot of wasted time.
Public school is available to all free of charge.
Public school is better.
Public school is just part of life, and children are sent there because that's just what kids do.
Public school is no longer even a safe place for children.
Public school is no place for a mental health and behavior modification clinic.
Public school is provided for, and required of all American children.
Public school is so very intellectual and protective and controlling.
Public school requires seven hours per weekday of formal education.
Public schools admit all students and there is no religious issue in our help to schools.
Public schools anchor a community.
Public schools are a great place for political debate.
Public schools are a starting point.
Public schools are a violent place of darkness.
Public schools are accountable to taxpayers for reporting how public money is spent.
Public schools are accountable to the federal government, state government, and local government.
Public schools are accountable to the local community.
Public schools are accountable to the public.
Public schools are accountable.
Public schools are all coed and are tax supported.
Public schools are already disruptive and dangerous enough.
Public schools are among the best in the county.
Public schools are among the greatest politically instituded programs to date.
Public schools are an arm of government.
Public schools are an irreversibly dying institution.
Public schools are another popular target.
Public schools are as good as any private school, with the right leadership.
Public schools are as good as private schools.
Public schools are available as well as the option for home schooling, as some prefer.
Public schools are better than they have ever been.
Public schools are busy places with never enough time to get most jobs done thoroughly.
Public schools are centers of youth activity for many rural communities.
Public schools are cheaper.
Public schools are closed, many offices are on a holiday schedule and family vacations abound.
Public schools are desperate for the kind of help the church is well-suited to provide.
Public schools are especially attractive, in part because of the ratio of young people to adults.
Public schools are even more active in trying to find drugs than the private schools.
Public schools are examples of employers that typically have firewalls within their system.
Public schools are extremely segregated, by race and economics.
Public schools are first and foremost models of the nation's charter.
Public schools are for children and youth of all faiths and religions or faith or religion.
Public schools are free of charge and are state funded.
Public schools are free.
Public schools are fundamentally different from businesses.
Public schools are government run and tax supported.
Public schools are government schools.
Public schools are helping students perform better on state tests, a report says.
Public schools are in a tizzy as to how to react.
Public schools are in great danger.
Public schools are institutions aimed for a general audience.
Public schools are institutions of the whole society established for the common good.
Public schools are just that - public.
Public schools are likely to get worse before they get better.
Public schools are merely the form.
Public schools are more efficient, more responsive and more accountable than ever before.
Public schools are no different than society as a whole.
Public schools are no longer accountable to parents, and often act in disregard of parental rights.
Public schools are now at the bottom of national rankings.
Public schools are often low-cost, accessible locations in which to extend learning.
Public schools are often overcrowded and underfunded.
Public schools are on the ballot.
Public schools are on the drawing boards to serve the district's population.
Public schools are open to all and serve all.
Public schools are places for people of all faiths or none.
Public schools are poor or downright lousy in far too many districts.
Public schools are primarily Black, whereas the majority of private schools are virtually all white.
Public schools are salvageable.
Public schools are schools.
Public schools are secondary schools.
Public schools are socialism at it's finest.
Public schools are state funded by land taxes, and the curriculum is picked by the state.
Public schools are state run schools.
Public schools are terrible.
Public schools are the backbone of our education system.
Public schools are the best they've ever been.
Public schools are the biggest local cost item.
Public schools are the cornerstone of our democracy, our communities and our economy.
Public schools are the enemy.
Public schools are the foundation of our democracy.
Public schools are the government.
Public schools are the hub of our communities.
Public schools are the nurseries of all vice and immorality.
Public schools are the only option for most of our parents.
Public schools are the perfect place for people who are satisfied with getting by.
Public schools are the region's largest source of future employees.
Public schools are tuition-free.
Public schools are unique in American culture.
Public schools are usually the least expensive.
Public schools belong to the public.
Public schools can be among America's finest institutions.
Public schools can be that common experience.
Public schools can give parents and students whatever they, the bureaucrats, want.
Public schools can offer a low-cost, accessible place to extend learning.
Public schools can t even mention it.
Public schools can tap tax dollars.
Public schools can teach and promote basic moral values.
Public schools conduct their business in highly public and political environments.
Public schools consist of students.
Public schools continue to be a target of litigation.
Public schools continue to fail despite increasing sums of money appropriated to education.
Public schools cover so many math subjects in one year that the children forget everything.
Public schools depend on public support.
Public schools deserve and receive public funding.
Public schools do a poor job with foreign language.
Public schools do.
Public schools don t just exist to serve the public by educating individuals.
Public schools dumb down the people.
Public schools embrace all children, regardless of race, wealth or ability.
Public schools enter a new world of competition .
Public schools exist for the children .
Public schools exist in cities and larger towns.
Public schools exist in perpetuity whether they are good, bad, or indifferent.
Public schools exist too, though only for poor people's children.
Public schools fail precisely because they are public.
Public schools fall in the middle.
Public schools function with the assumption that commonly accepted community values exist.
Public schools get money based on enrollment.
Public schools get part of their funding from the sales tax.
Public schools get roughly twice that per-student amount each year for construction projects.
Public schools get the bulk of their funding through state aid and local property taxes.
Public schools give military recruiters a dishonorable discharge.
Public schools go private.
Public schools have a broader range of programs to serve needy populations.
Public schools have a fine record of getting children into elite universities .
Public schools have a fine record of getting children into elite universities.
Public schools have federal, state and local funding sources.
Public schools have hundreds of students for every school counselor.
Public schools have many more students per class.
Public schools have no real foundational basis for teaching ethics.
Public schools have only to make sure they spend their budget.
Public schools have plenty to do without becoming full-service pharmacies.
Public schools have the inherent ability to exert influence.
Public schools have the responsibility for providing a complete education for all children.
Public schools have their hands full with babysitting.
Public schools have to abide by health and safety regulations.
Public schools have to accept all applicants.
Public schools have to accept all students.
Public schools have to find ways for all children to learn in school.
Public schools have to take all students.
Public schools have to take essentially all students.
Public schools have too many politics involved.
Public schools join on a district basis.
Public schools lack a student body brimming with eager children.
Public schools lag because there is no competition.
Public schools leave a lot to be desired in an inner city.
Public schools lose funding when enrollment drops.
Public schools lose state funding when students leave to attend voucher schools.
Public schools make the decision to cancel classes for the remainder of the school year.
Public schools offer hope and open the doors to opportunity.
Public schools offer little help.
Public schools offer more subject choice.
Public schools offer religious education classes.
Public schools offer revisionist history and science that promotes their humanist perspective.
Public schools open their doors to all students.
Public schools pay attention when school choice is on the table.
Public schools prepare students to face a changing world and to be effective citizens.
Public schools prepare students to face a changing world, and to be effective citizens.
Public schools provide a free education through the government.
Public schools provide a wide array of academic support and health-related services.
Public schools provide academic instruction for school-age clients.
Public schools provide an array of services for children and families.
Public schools provide an education for all.
Public schools provide great experiences for a handful of top actors, writers, and athletes.
Public schools provide immersion and exposure to every aspect of society, culture, and humanity.
Public schools provide such experiences.
Public schools provide team sports for the youth.
Public schools provide the common experience that helps ensure a democratic society.
Public schools rank among the area s best.
Public schools rank among the best in the state.
Public schools reflect an increasing diversity of students.
Public schools reflect the diversity of the communites they serve.
Public schools rel.
Public schools remain a shambles, but they're better than they have been, according to the poll.
Public schools remain the only reliable educational resource for all American children.
Public schools require a bachelor's degree and state teacher certification.
Public schools restrict the content of their students.
Public schools say the voucher program takes needed resources away.
Public schools see the positive aspects of homeschooling.
Public schools seem less able to produce graduates able to function in modern industry.
Public schools send their applications to their state education agency.
Public schools serve all students.
Public schools serve students breakfast and lunch.
Public schools serve the public, and the public demands that schools be safe.
Public schools serve youngsters from many different religious backgrounds.
Public schools struggle to provide services with limited revenue.
Public schools suffer a shortage of fully qualified math and science teachers.
Public schools take anyone who lives in the neighborhood.
Public schools teach curriculum which violates the religious and moral principles of some parents.
Public schools teach that man evolved from pond scum.
Public schools tend to have larger enrollments than private schools.
Public schools tend to reproduce and reinforce racial segregation in housing.
Public schools try single-sex classes.
Public schools use secular books.
Public schools use their established tuition rate.
Public schools use women who share a social identity to instill values.
Public schools work for Wisconsin because of our excellent educators.
Public schools work for Wisconsin.
All public schools are closed.
All public schools have a teacher for each of the six recognized religions.
All public schools offer a wide range of academics, sports and extracurricular activities.
All public schools remain closed . . .
All public schools require an Illinois substitute certificate for their substitute teachers.
Every public school is eligible to nominate one notable teacher.
Many public schools are too crowded.
Many public schools are unsafe.
Many public schools ban certain types of costumes that are considered too gross or offensive.
Many public schools check for scoliosis in the fifth or sixth grade.
Many public schools do, though.
Many public schools have leaky roofs and shabby facilities.
Many public schools have programs for learning disabilities, as well.
Many public schools offer harp in their music programs.
Most public schools consist of students.
Most public schools do a great job.
Most public schools have a lunch program and some have a breakfast program.
Most public schools have a zoning area which accepts only children living in the area.
Most public schools have such a plan on file.
Most public schools offer free or reduced-price breakfast and lunch.
Most public schools report having formal school violence prevention programs.
Most public schools require vaccinations.
Most public schools seem to cater to the lower common denominator.
Some public schools are excellent, while others are just awful.
Some public schools are good, and some are bad.
Some public schools are institutions that teach secular humanism.
Some public schools do a great job.
Some public schools have a registered domain.
Some public schools have computers and Internet access.
Some public schools have excellent resource programs for the learning disabled child.
Some public schools require parents to deliver all records.
Public schoolchildren are among the worst in reading and math.
Public science has to decide who they are serving.
Public scrutiny brings public pressure.
Public scrutiny fosters debate and revision, assuring that democratic values are protected.
Public scrutiny has a chastening effect on people.
Public scrutiny is good for the health of the media in a democracy.
Public scrutiny is recession-proof.
Public scrutiny makes a difference.
Public scrutiny sparks some eating disorders.
Public sculpture connects our past with our present.
Public sculpture recognizes society's heroes.
Public sculpture symbolizes society's values and beliefs.
Many public sculptures are gigantic in size, because they have to relate to the architecture nearby.
Public sector continues to exist.
Public sector ends up muddling through.
Public sector has high share of sales.
Public security demands that every police officer be given a number.
Public security is always more secure than proprietary security.
Public security is security
Public security remains a top priority of the government.
All public seminars are also available to firms and organizations on an in-house basis.
Most public seminars are also available to firms on an in-house basis.
Public sentiment continues to strongly favor farmers using less pesticides.
Public sentiment favors reform, fed by a variety of fears.
Public sentiment is also firmly against the cult.
Public sentiment is callous and people wrongly assume the system is in place and functioning.
Public sentiment is everything, with it nothing can fail, without it nothing can succeed.
Public sentiment is everything.
Public sentiment is influenced by what people read and what they see.
Public sentiment is key to the outcome.
Public sentiment is more than law.
Public sentiment is overwhelmingly in favor of protecting our last wild forests.
Public sentiment is strongly opposed.
Public sentiment is their primary concern and stock markets are the economy.
Public sentiment seems to favor the proposed measure so far.
All public sermons are available on audio cassette.
A public servant is an employee
Public servants are employees.
Public servants are inherently untrustworthy.
Public servants are located in desks.
Public servants are part of the democratic process.
Public servants are people.
Public servants become free to stand for political office.
Public servants can rise above their current job descriptions.
Public servants care for disadvantaged children, the elderly, our veterans.
Public servants dedicate life.
Public servants engage in public discussion of policy even in speculative mode at their peril.
Public servants have a duty to represent their constituents' views and address their concerns.
Public servants have a standard retirement and pension plan.
Public servants have to do farming or other small business to survive.
Public servants survive by their network.
Public servants work in the public interest.
All public servants bring a perspective to their representative role.
Every public servant has a right to make a representation.
Many public servants are reachable by telephone, e-mail, or fax.
Most public servants are underpaid, but it comes with the territory.
Most public servants dedicate life.
Public servers remain open of course.
A public service is a service
Public service addresses pressing needs.
Public service begins with public awareness.
Public service can be very difficult, but the rewards are well worth the challenges.
Public service constitutes the second most frequent employment setting.
Public service extends mission-oriented research and educational programs to all citizens.
Public service involves the application of one's professional expertise in the community.
Public service is a big part of ham radio.
Public service is a call to national duty.
Public service is a core priority that touches every academic unit at the university.
Public service is a defining characteristic of an urban university.
Public service is a noble calling.
Public service is a noble profession, yet it has always gotten somewhat of a bum rap.
Public service is a public trust, requiring Members to place loyalty above private gain.
Public service is a public trust.
Public service is a real high standard in our expectation of all staff who work here.
Public service is a responsibility of every academic unit.
Public service is a sacrifice on time, but it's a beautiful reward.
Public service is a top priority for department staff both regionally and statewide.
Public service is a trust.
Public service is a very good job.
Public service is about honesty, integrity and accountability.
Public service is about making a difference.
Public service is also part of the package.
Public service is an arbitrary thing.
Public service is an attractive choice for many undergraduates.
Public service is an honorable calling.
Public service is an honorable profession because government itself is honorable.
Public service is an important part of our mission.
Public service is an important responsibility of the institutions.
Public service is another common career objective.
Public service is applied scholarship, a logical extension of our teaching and research.
Public service is as American, and as varied, as jazz.
Public service is geared to an economy largely devoted to tourism, ranching and agriculture.
Public service is important to the university.
Public service is just an extension of community service.
Public service is like breathing air.
Public service is like climbing a mountain.
Public service is many things a privilege, an opportunity, a challenge and more.
Public service is often a job where public criticisms seem more abundant than public kudos.
Public service is one of the finest achievements.
Public service is one of the highest callings in the land.
Public service is one of the most under-appreciated professions around.
Public service is one of the principal responsibilities of a land-grant university.
Public service is one thing, and perhaps that is what is identified here.
Public service is our obligation, both in and out of uniform.
Public service is public trust.
Public service is the highest calling in a democracy.
Public service is the highest calling.
Public service is the primary function of some campus units.
Public service is their freedom, indeed their obligation.
Public service is timely, confidential and responsive to community needs.
Public service is transformative.
Public service is very gratifying.
Public service is very high on our priority list.
Public service is what a local government is all about.
Public service leave.
Public service means employment by a governmental agency.
Public service offers a great opportunity to make a difference.
Public service offers a significant channel for witnessing to Christian values.
Public service ought to be entirely legislated as essential services.
Public service plays a vital role in society and at our law school.
Public service plays an important but secondary role.
Public service remains a part of the parent facility's mission.
Public service remains a top priority now and in the future.
Public service remains an occupation that continues to attract many outstanding people.
Public service requires utmost integrity and discipline.
Public service takes many forms.
Public service takes shape in many different forms.
Public services are accountable to the public.
Public services are available but private systems are more stable and reliable.
Public services are better technically, but private services are more user-friendly.
Public services are conservative.
Public services are efficient and effective.
Public services are employment.
Public services are exempt.
Public services are heavily dependent on donor funding.
Public services are in a mess.
Public services are local, national and international telephone services.
Public services are now at the centre of the agenda.
Public services are ON the negotiating table.
Public services are only available in or near the towns.
Public services are subject to economies of scale, particularly in the use of specialized personnel.
Public services are there to serve the public.
Public services can be complex to perform and administer.
Public services connect users with library materials.
Public services constitute the very foundation of a citizen's Europe.
Public services Creating a new type of Europe is the challenge of the third millennium.
Public services help countries.
Public services increase the value of land sites.
Public services make roads safe.
Public services run on high-speed backbones.
Public services wither while colossal sums are spent on the military and the police.
All public services are inoperable.
All public services are modem and efficient.
Most public services help countries.
Some public services take places.
All public sessions are subject to change due to special events.
Public sewer is priced according to average cost pricing.
Public Sewers See Sewers .
Public sex is as foreign to the lives of most gay people as it is to most straight people.
Public sex is OK in Mass., as long as it's in private.
All public sex is an affront to human dignity.
Public shelters are also in short supply.
Public shelters are usually in buildings like schools or churches.
Public shelters handle stray dogs by law and owner-abandoned dogs by choice.
Most public shelters keep animals only as long as required by law.
Public shows are a lot of work and they are boring.
Public shows are great for scout troops, church groups, birthday parties, and family outings.
Public shows run on tighter schedules than trade shows.
Public showers are very close and easy to spot.
Public sin is restrained in a community.
Public sins are to be confessed to the public.
Public sins require public attention.
Public sins require public confession and repentance.
All public sins are to be punished and public sinners in all positions are to be restrained.
Public site includes boating, tides, and weather links and membership information.
Public sites are open to all students.
Public situations are different.
Public slide shows.
Public solicitors defend the State's interests in conformity with law.
Public space becomes private for-profit space.
Public space is a dangerous place.
Public space is designed in a way that encourages walking.
Public space is ignored or relegated to unusable leftover land.
Public space is too exposed, too uncontrollable, too, well, public for private investment.
Public space is very limited and offers limited accommodations.
Public space is what it ought to be, and public space is what it is in practice.
Public spaces are adequate but house has limited storage.
Public spaces are also available to the community.
Public spaces are clean and artistically appealing.
Public spaces are crucial to community social networks, which improve health and quality of life.
Public spaces are essential for defining the character of the community as a whole.
Public spaces are for all the people too.
Public spaces are large and inviting.
Public spaces are spaces in which a person can escape being known.
Public spaces are thus our common ground in both a geographic and a spiritual sense.
Public spaces feel safe and are safe.
Public spaces reflect the mood and preferences of Hawaii's people.
All public spaces are on one level.
Every public space has to have rules.
Every public space is the third world.
Some public spaces offer such sanctums, but a private sanctuary in a home garden can be even better.
A public speaker is a speaker
Public speakers gain poise, confidence, and self-assurance as they begin to make speeches.
Public speakers know that very few text pages go into an single hour's lecture.
Public speakers speak for free.
Every public speaker starts somewhere and everyone has nerves, so just relax and try to enjoy it.
Many public speakers hold bragging rights for entertaining audiences while delivering a message.
Most public speakers refer to a copy of a speech as they speak.
Public speech becomes simultaneously overblown and over-lawyered.
Public speeches are limited to five minutes.
Public spending ceases.
Public spending is a potentially powerful instrument for fighting poverty.
Public spending is even more of a problem over the long run.
Public spending is to rise to clear some of the state copper mining company's debts.
Public spending needs to be clearly focused.
Public spending seeks to ensure equal access to health care for all.
Public spending tends to be less cyclical than taxes.
Public sponsorship helps.
Public sponsorship is invited in two main areas.
Public squabbles disrupt the wa.
Public staffs have stewardship responsibilities for public information.
Public standing is one.
Public statements have consequences.
Public statements indicate anger over U.S. backing of Israel.
Public stations can raise money only for themselves.
Public stations get much funding from the government.
Public stations serve areas with few listeners, commercial stations areas with many.
Public status ensures that no public charity is controlled by one, or a few, wealthy donors.
Public storage is free and there's a limitation on the number of simultaneous users.
Public street is anchored at each end by a public facility.
Public structure forms around the such keys as a general values and moral etc.
Public students are able to obtain more information from their school if required.
Public subjects are still reliant on prose and have no model to guide implementations.
Public submissions are welcome.
Public suggestions are a part of the selection process.
Public supply represents the local water departments that supply businesses and homes with water.
Public support continues to grow.
Public support depends on public awareness and education.
Public support diminishes for the men and women of law enforcement who safeguard our families.
Public support does give an influence to the authorities where animal abuse is concerned.
Public support evolves from public appreciation.
Public support exists for lifelong learning.
Public support increases legislators' enthusiasm for public institutions, too.
Public support is a fundamental condition for further integration.
Public support is a mile wide and an inch deep.
Public support is almost unanimous.
Public support is an essential element of any regional program.
Public support is central to the entire effort.
Public support is considered essential in establishing new Marine Conservation Areas.
Public support is critical to sustained, national reform.
Public support is crucial to military operations.
Public support is crucial to the long-term success of any effort to protect and restore habitat.
Public support is essential and is practically guaranteed.
Public support is essential if a cure is to be found.
Public support is essential in establishing new national parks.
Public support is essential to both institutional reforms and investment.
Public support is essential.
Public support is here.
Public support is important to our success and greatly appreciated.
Public support is in fact one of the most contentious issues in the aircraft industry.
Public support is made by government organizations here and abroad.
Public support is more important in the area of finance.
Public support is necessary for effective clean-up activities.
Public support is needed for many urban forestry projects to be successful.
Public support is strong for primary seat belt use laws and it is increasing.
Public support is vital to the success of any government strategy to address Colombia's problems.
Public support is vital.
Public support is, in fact, a vital concern to the urban districts.
Public support occurs when enough people place value on the resolution of the problem.
Public support seems to be behind the space agency, however.
All public support is therefore vital and much appreciated.
Public surveys indicate a concern for the region's forest, fish and wildlife resources.
Public swims are open to people of all ages.
Public swimming is free of charge.
Public symbols are visible throughout a program, across modules.
Public symbols have multiple meanings.
Public synonyms are accessible to all users.
Public systems are right by the circulation desk, reducing abuse.
Public talk is prerequisite for public judgment, which requires both thinking and imagining.
Public taste is public habit.
Public tasting begins at noon.
Public tasting begins.
Public taxi is the most inexpensive way to get around the city.
Public taxis are plentiful and inexpensive.
Public teaching protects the privacy of the believer.
Public teams bring together professionals from different companies.
Public tears are the ultimate sign of character weakness.
Public Telecommunication Needs.
Public telephone has volume control.
Public telephones accept both coins and telephone cards.
Public telephones are abundant around town.
Public telephones are accessible for the disabled and hearing-impaired.
Public telephones are also available for use in the new area.
Public telephones are at a number of sites around campus.
Public telephones are available for camper s use.
Public telephones are available for contacting home.
Public telephones are available for use, located outside the library entrance.
Public telephones are available in most buildings on campus.
Public telephones are available in most locations.
Public telephones are available in the foyer and adjacent to the restrooms by the pool.
Public telephones are available in the jury assembly area.
Public telephones are available in the lobby.
Public telephones are available in the lower levels of the arena and exhibit hall.
Public telephones are available in the student area of the subplaza.
Public telephones are available near most meeting rooms.
Public telephones are available on each floor, in the main lobby and outside the cafeteria.
Public telephones are available on the ground floor of the courthouse.
Public telephones are available throughout the courthouse.
Public telephones are available, also.
Public telephones are available.
Public telephones are availbale in all the rest camps and bushveld camps, and entrance gates.
Public telephones are coinless and require phone credit cards even for local calls.
Public telephones are in the Longhouse.
Public telephones are in the ticket hall.
Public telephones are many times hard to find.
Public telephones are nearby.
Public telephones are telephones.
Public telephones are wheelchair accessible, as are book stacks and the service counter.
Public telephones are widely available and can be used for direct international calls.
Public telephones are widely available.
Public telephones have two different systems.
Public telephones have two systems, cash and callcard.
Public telephones take cards.
All public telephones are accessible to visitors using wheelchairs.
All public telephones are at wheelchair users' height.
Most public telephones are card-operated .
Most public telephones are card-operated.
Most public telephones are touch tone and can be used.
Some public telephones accept credit cards and there are still some public phones that accept coins.
Some public telephones accept credit cards.
Some public telephones are coin operated, but most require a phone card.
Some public telephones are coin operated.
Some public telephones require deposit of coin or prepaid phone card for dial tone.
Some public telephones require deposit of coin or prepaid phone card payment during call duration.
Public television adds a unique value to the video marketplace.
Public television does a better job as they take the time needed to tell a story.
Public television has a number of links to educational and entertaining children's programs.
Public television has many strengths.
Public television has multiple missions, goals and strategies.
Public television has that voice.
Public television is a public-private partnership that works.
Public television is a very clean medium.
Public television is about the only place where the arts are seen.
Public television is America s source for presenting constructive programming for children.
Public television is currently among the nation's largest providers of educational services.
Public television is one of the last great venues for journalists who truly love storytelling.
Public television is probably a good example.
Public television is still broke.
Public television is the leader in high-quality, educational children's programs.
Public television is the number one source for classroom programming in the country.
Public television is the prime example.
Public television needs more than ever to raise private money.
Public television offers courses for credit through community colleges.
Public television offers many wonderful science programs.
Public television ought to receive adequate public funding.
Public television serves viewers and citizens.
Public television wants to deliver additional services and programming.
Public television works differently, but there are still sponsors.
Public tennis is available and just a short distance from our grounds.
Public terminals are available for Internet access.
Public terminals are expensive, ISPs cost money and more graphics mean greater cost and time.
Public testimony can be before a school board, a town council, or state or federal legislators.
Public testimony is considered at the meetings.
Public testimony is finished, though written testimony is still being accepted.
Public testimony is invited.
Public testimony is one of the best ways to do so.
Public testimony is one way to possibly impact the course of legislation early in the process.
Public testimony is permitted at most hearings.
Public testimony is permitted at most meetings.
Public testimony is taken.
Public testimony is welcome and of particular value when the issue is complex.
Public testimony is welcomed.
Most public testimony is limited to three minutes.
All public texts are searchable.
Public theology is about as textured as a piece of typing paper.
A public toilet is a facility
A public toilet is a toilet
Public toilet is available.
Public toilets are adjacent to the main wharf.
Public toilets are available at the pier.
Public toilets are available.
Public toilets are facilities.
Public toilets are few and far between.
Public toilets are generally clean.
Public toilets are generally squat style with toilet paper needing to be purchased.
Public toilets are restrooms.
Public toilets are toilets.
Public toilets are undiscovered too.
Public toilets are virtually non-existent.
Public toilets continue as an important issue.
Public toilets seem to be cleaner, too.
All public toilets are pay toilets.
Many public toilet are considerable dirty and dangerous.
Many public toilets have sanitary disposal units.
Public tours are also available by prior appointment.
Public tours are also available.
Public tours are available as well.
Public tours are available by request.
Public tours are available every weekday, except when the reactor is closed for maintenance.
Public tours are available of the Cider Mill.
Public tours are available of the dam and powerhouse.
Public tours are available on alternate Saturdays by advance reservations only.
Public tours are available through the school.
Public tours are available.
Public tours are currently unavailable until further notice.
Public tours are still available for all tour locations.
Public tours leave every twenty minutes and last forty-five minutes.
All public tours are free of charge.
All public tours are self-guided.
Most public traders have terrible records, and the more actively they trade the worse they do.
Public traffic needs to be increased considerably.
Public training is free, unless otherwise noted.
Public training is offered at various locations throughout the world.
Public training is offered monthly at various locations throughout the United States.
A public transit is transportation
Public transit can be inconvenient and time-consuming.
Public transit can help support a wide range of other economic development initiatives.
Public transit claims a fifteen percent share of Canadian travel.
Public transit continues to be funded at a fraction of highway spending.
Public transit costs a lot, delivers little in the way of traffic relief.
Public transit gives people options.
Public transit goes through there.
Public transit has a much better safety record than the private automobile.
Public transit has more to offer than a cheap ride.
Public transit has to try harder.
Public transit includes taxis, buses, public cars, and motorcycles.
Public transit involves buses, planes, and some trains.
Public transit is a great demand in cities.
Public transit is a low-stress way to get around.
Public transit is a tough sell, but mostly because of lack of effective service.
Public transit is also critical in meeting transportation needs of our region.
Public transit is flexible enough to serve as both primary and backup transportation.
Public transit is good for the environment.
Public transit is important to the many people who use transit to get to work.
Public transit is limited except in and between major urban areas.
Public transit is most efficient during peak commuting periods, when buses are full.
Public transit is only one of the many services provided by government.
Public transit is recommended if possible.
Public transit is relatively safe during the day.
Public transit is right outside the complex.
Public transit is significant in moving people from welfare to work.
Public transit is solid, clean and on time, though it shuts down by midnight.
Public transit is the most energy-efficient way to get to work or to shop.
Public transit is used as a traffic congestion mitigation effort.
Public transit is used mostly in the large centres.
Public transit is within walking distance.
Public transit makes a mistake to try to compete with motor vehicles on speed.
Public transit means fewer cars on the road and fewer emissions.
Public transit provides important benefits to our society.
Public transit provides much more that the obvious benefits to it's riders.
Public transit reaches everywhere and runs around the clock.
Public transit shows a slice across society.
Public transit supplies one opportunity for alternate transportation.
Public transit takes vehicles off the roads and increases the capacity of roads.
Public transit works best when the community is designed around it.
Public transits are transportation systems.
Public transport can play a major part in helping to reduce congestion and pollution on the roads.
Public transport comes from all parts of the city.
Public transport consists of a variety of buses and underground routes nearby.
Public transport does exist, but it requires a lot of time and energy.
Public transport does run regularly.
Public Transport Find out details about local transport services.
Public transport including buses, trains and the underground railway system are also close at hand.
Public transport including buses, trains and the underground railway system are close to hand.
Public transport is a great adventure for children.
Public transport is a right of the community and a responsibility of government.
Public transport is a simple yet inexpensive way of visiting the surrounding villages and towns.
Public transport is a stress-free option for travel and located close to our apartments.
Public transport is a useful way to reduce the impact of the car in areas of scenic beauty.
Public transport is a viable option for increasing numbers of people travelling to and from London.
Public transport is accessed at the front gate.
Public transport is almost non-existent in country areas.
Public transport is also available.
Public transport is also good for the environment .
Public transport is also good for the environment.
Public transport is also handy.
Public transport is an inexpensive and easy way to get around day and night.
Public transport is an invaluable mechanism for increasing economic opportunity.
Public transport is at the best poor and at worst nonexistent.
Public transport is at the door.
Public transport is at the gate.
Public transport is available around the corner.
Public transport is available at other times.
Public transport is available at the door.
Public transport is available from the centre of Cairns with buses departing regularly.
Public transport is available, accessible, safe and used by lots of people.
Public transport is available, but access to a car is an advantage.
Public transport is available.
Public transport is cheap and efficient.
Public transport is cheap and extensive but often overcrowded, particularly during rush hour.
Public transport is cheap and generally reliable.
Public transport is cheap but crowded.
Public transport is cheap, crowded, and complex.
Public transport is cheap, fast, widely used and generally efficient.
Public transport is convenient and safe.
Public transport is dirt cheap by Western standards.
Public transport is easily accessible.
Public transport is easily available to the campus.
Public transport is easy to use and is the best way to get around.
Public transport is efficient, comprehensive and well-integrated.
Public transport is excellent in the Netherlands.
Public transport is excellent.
Public transport is expensive, unless it is subsidized.
Public transport is free in the city centre.
Public transport is free on such days, and a good number of French people use bicycles.
Public transport is good and it is easy and rewarding to explore by bus or hired car.
Public transport is good because it is easy to use so anybody can go on it .
Public transport is good because it is easy to use so anybody can go on it.
Public transport is good in Denver, and visitors can easily get along without a car.
Public transport is inaccessible, and barriers exist all around in buildings.
Public transport is inexpensive and reliable.
Public transport is just outside the door, and a well stocked supermarket is right next door.
Public transport is just the beginning.
Public transport is largely unreliable.
Public transport is limited, but taxis, tour buses, and rental cars are available.
Public transport is limited.
Public transport is mainly by bus in and out of the city centre and relatively sparse.
Public transport is mainly by minibus.
Public transport is minimal and practically nowhere is within walking distance.
Public transport is more economically efficient than private car transport.
Public transport is much cheaper.
Public transport is often a nightmare.
Public transport is often crowded and can be uncomfortable.
Public transport is once again a growth industry.
Public transport is one place where the disadvantaged and the non-disadvantaged meet.
Public transport is only a few meters away from the Studios.
Public transport is part of transportation systems.
Public transport is permitted.
Public transport is plentiful and convenient.
Public transport is pretty thin on the ground.
Public transport is privatised in Britain.
Public transport is provided by a number of taxis and small buses.
Public transport is quick and cheap.
Public transport is quite good around Adelaide.
Public transport is really cheap by western standards, but is usually fully packed.
Public transport is really the only viable way to get around the city.
Public transport is safer.
Public transport is scarce after certain hours.
Public transport is scarce at weekends.
Public transport is shit when run by capitalists or the state.
Public transport is shit.
Public transport is still limited, even though the dirt road has been upgraded.
Public transport is supplied by a bus company.
Public transport is swift and cheap with a flat-fare system.
Public transport is the most obvious example of the differences between the two capitals.
Public transport is the only fully privatized urban service.
Public transport is transport
Public transport is typically a disagreeable and slow substitute for the car.
Public transport is unreliable and often unsafe.
Public transport is very good and a much less stressful way to get around London.
Public transport is very limited in a district where horse-drawn carts and tanks are a common sight.
Public transport is very limited.
Public transport is very well accessible from here.
Public transport is very well developed in the cities and large towns.
Public transport is via bus no.
Public transport is viewed as second rate.
Public transport is virtually non-existent outside the largest cities.
Public transport is well organized.
Public transport is within easy reach of all hotels.
Public transport is yet another problem.
Public transport makes the campus easily accessible by bus or electric train.
Public transport moves people while keeping cities compact.
Public transport needs to be safe, affordable and accessible for all people.
Public transport needs to become more efficient to reduce the drain on the public purse.
Public transport provides an accessible network of transport for people with special needs.
Public transport remains underfunded.
Public transport runs round the clock.
Public transport serves every area, and is partly underground.
Public transport takes people anywhere in the city.
Public transport works.
All public transport is frequent, reliable, relatively safe and very cheap.
All public transport stops at dusk.
More public transport means more jobs for drivers, planners, maintenance staff.
Most public transport ceases, although taxi service is available.
Most public transport lets many people travel at the same time .
Most public transport lets many people travel at the same time.
Public transportation allows easy access to downtown Boston.
Public transportation are a few meters walk.
Public transportation are within easy reach from all hotels.
Public transportation can help people move into the economic mainstream.
Public transportation can significantly reduce dependence on gasoline.
Public transportation carries a higher percentage of urban travel in Europe, Canada and Asia.
Public transportation comes to the school's front door and car pools are easily arranged.
Public transportation connects Trinidad with other North coast communities.
Public transportation depends on local sales taxes enacted by voters to support transit.
Public transportation does the trick.
Public transportation ensures liability coverage for the students while in transit.
Public transportation has a lousy, very lousy safety record.
Public transportation helps people conserve energy and promote cleaner air.
Public transportation helps to alleviate road congestion and parking problems.
Public transportation includes airline, ship, and train fares, as well as mass transit.
Public transportation is a big issue especially in small towns and rural areas.
Public transportation is a big issue.
Public transportation is a convenient and inexpensive way to get around in Chicago.
Public transportation is a drag.
Public transportation is a good way to travel in many U.S. cities.
Public transportation is a great way to move massive amounts of people from place to place.
Public transportation is a means of transportation for many people who use wheelchairs.
Public transportation is a problem.
Public transportation is a safe and inexpensive way to commute.
Public transportation is a the front entrance.
Public transportation is a viable option for everyone.
Public transportation is a vital component in ensuring the development of livable communities.
Public transportation is a wonderful thing.
Public transportation is acceptable.
Public transportation is accessible any time during the week as well.
Public transportation is accessible to and from the campus.
Public transportation is accessible, inexpensive, and convenient.
Public transportation is advised.
Public transportation is also available and allows for ready access to the campus.
Public transportation is also available.
Public transportation is also close at hand.
Public transportation is also easily accessible.
Public transportation is also fairly reliable.
Public transportation is also impossible most of the time.
Public transportation is also readily available.
Public transportation is also reasonable and accessible.
Public transportation is also very reasonable.
Public transportation is always nearby.
Public transportation is an attractive alternative to renting a car.
Public transportation is another convenient way of reaching our offices.
Public transportation is available and conveniently located to the dental clinics.
Public transportation is available and the unit also owns a car for volunteer use.
Public transportation is available at a reasonable rate.
Public transportation is available but routes and hours of operation are limited.
Public transportation is available by train and bus.
Public transportation is available by train, bus, and taxi.
Public transportation is available by train, bus, taxi, and trolley.
Public transportation is available directly at the entrance gates.
Public transportation is available directly into New York City by connecting bus and subway.
Public transportation is available for all off-campus housing.
Public transportation is available for easy accessibility.
Public transportation is available for more distant exploration.
Public transportation is available from both airports to Castle Rock.
Public transportation is available from both.
Public transportation is available from campus to the downtown centers.
Public transportation is available from campus.
Public transportation is available from New Jersey Transit.
Public transportation is available from Philadelphia and other nearby communities.
Public transportation is available from the airport at cheap prices.
Public transportation is available from the airport.
Public transportation is available from the airports.
Public transportation is available from the campus to the city and the surrounding local area.
Public transportation is available from the Hiroshima city center to the symposium venue.
Public transportation is available in all cities.
Public transportation is available in front of hotel.
Public transportation is available in the cities.
Public transportation is available just down the street.
Public transportation is available one block away from the facility.
Public transportation is available right in front of the house.
Public transportation is available steps away from our front door.
Public transportation is available the bus terminal.
Public transportation is available throughout Indianapolis.
Public transportation is available to all parts of the city.
Public transportation is available to and from all events.
Public transportation is available to and from the slopes.
Public transportation is available to citizens of all ages.
Public transportation is available to Seattle and other points in the metropolitan area.
Public transportation is available to shopping areas, theaters, restaurants and recreational areas.
Public transportation is available to shopping areas, theaters, restaurants, and recreational areas.
Public transportation is available to some sites.
Public transportation is available to students living off-campus.
Public transportation is available to the Valley and in the Valley.
Public transportation is available via Cal-train.
Public transportation is available within the town of Park City and to various nearby lodges.
Public transportation is available, although more expensive and more of a hassle.
Public transportation is available, but a private vehicle is recommended in Southern California.
Public transportation is available, but limited.
Public transportation is available, however.
Public transportation is available.
Public transportation is both economical and efficient.
Public transportation is by bus , tram or subway .
Public transportation is by bus or by taxi.
Public transportation is canceled.
Public transportation is cheap and excellent, there are even night busses along the main routes.
Public transportation is cheap and readily available.
Public transportation is clean, safe, and comfortable.
Public transportation is close and accessible.
Public transportation is close to student housing and health services.
Public transportation is close.
Public transportation is convenient and easy.
Public transportation is convenient and safe in Boston.
Public transportation is convenient.
Public transportation is conveniently available.
Public transportation is costly, time consuming and insecure.
Public transportation is described below.
Public transportation is different from back home.
Public transportation is discouraged.
Public transportation is dynamite, though.
Public transportation is easily accessable.
Public transportation is easily accessible and cheap.
Public transportation is easily accessible here.
Public transportation is easily accessible.
Public transportation is easy and inexpensive with buses and taxis.
Public transportation is easy and very accessible within the downtown area.
Public transportation is easy to use and inexpensive.
Public transportation is efficient and inexpensive.
Public transportation is efficient, and traffic keeps moving although pockets of pollution exist.
Public transportation is efficient, safe, and inexpensive.
Public transportation is efficient.
Public transportation is erratic, at best.
Public transportation is essential for many of our citizens and to the well being of our economy.
Public transportation is essential to many employees and patients.
Public transportation is essentially nonexistent.
Public transportation is even better.
Public transportation is excellent in Germany.
Public transportation is excellent in New York City.
Public transportation is excellent throughout Norway.
Public transportation is excellent, although crowded.
Public transportation is excellent, but most students find walking the best way to explore the city.
Public transportation is excellent.
Public transportation is expensive.
Public transportation is extremely limited.
Public transportation is fast and inexpensive.
Public transportation is for socialist countries.
Public transportation is furnished in the area by one local bus line and one taxi company.
Public transportation is generally reliable and inexpensive.
Public transportation is good, and the crime rate is extremely low.
Public transportation is good.
Public transportation is highly recommended.
Public transportation is immediately accessible.
Public transportation is immediately available to Manhattan.
Public transportation is inadequate and an impediment to optimal business siting.
Public transportation is included under operating costs.
Public transportation is increasingly in private hands.
Public transportation is inexpensive and efficient.
Public transportation is inexpensive and plentiful.
Public transportation is inexpensive and safe.
Public transportation is inexpensive and widely used.
Public transportation is inexpensive, safe and frequent.
Public transportation is infrequent.
Public transportation is integrated in all new and future development.
Public transportation is interesting.
Public transportation is just steps away.
Public transportation is limited and generally unsafe.
Public transportation is limited and some form of personal transportation is advisable.
Public transportation is limited or non-existent to better paying jobs in the suburbs.
Public transportation is limited to city bus routes in La Crosse.
Public transportation is limited, and the county is still largely rural.
Public transportation is limited, so provision for private transportation is essential.
Public transportation is located nearby.
Public transportation is made a available by bus or by cab.
Public transportation is made illegal.
Public transportation is minutes away from the campus.
Public transportation is modern, efficient, and reasonably priced.
Public transportation is more than ample.
Public transportation is MUCH more efficient than private.
Public transportation is nearby.
Public transportation is no longer just an option, but a necessity to commuters nationwide.
Public transportation is nonexistent.
Public transportation is obviously the desired choice.
Public transportation is offered several times a day from Merida.
Public transportation is often limited and typically only available in larger cities.
Public transportation is one of the easiest and most economical ways to get around in Chicago.
Public transportation is only a block away.
Public transportation is only marginally better than Southern California and getting worse daily.
Public transportation is painfully overcrowded.
Public transportation is poor.
Public transportation is practically non-existent in our area.
Public transportation is prima in Europe, and London is no exception.
Public transportation is provided by a subway and bus system.
Public transportation is provided by buses, trams and a modern subway system.
Public transportation is provided by vans, buses, trains, bicycles, carpooling, and vanpooling.
Public transportation is provided to everyone, reducing traffic problems.
Public transportation is punctual, and people speak and understand English.
Public transportation is readily accessible and efficient.
Public transportation is readily available and inexpensive.
Public transportation is readily available anywhere in the city.
Public transportation is readily available for urban and inter-city travel.
Public transportation is readily available in the front of the hotel.
Public transportation is readily available on the terminal side of the field.
Public transportation is readily available providing maximum accessibility for all parents.
Public transportation is readily available to the city centre.
Public transportation is readily available.
Public transportation is really nice here.
Public transportation is recommended when feasible.
Public transportation is reliable and inexpensive.
Public transportation is safe and efficient.
Public transportation is safe and readily available.
Public transportation is safe and very efficient.
Public transportation is safe, reliable, and relatively easy to use.
Public transportation is scarce and hitchhiking is risky.
Public transportation is serviced by the airport shuttle and buses from Halifax.
Public transportation is shut down.
Public transportation is simply too inconvenient for most people to leave their cars.
Public transportation is skeletal, and taxis have to be called by telephone.
Public transportation is sporadic, taxis overly expensive.
Public transportation is suggested.
Public transportation is the best way to travel within Boston.
Public transportation is the cheapest option.
Public transportation is the go as it is too far to walk.
Public transportation is the mainstay of all Latin American cities.
Public transportation is the most practical means of transportation.
Public transportation is the only means of travel.
Public transportation is the practical alternative that picks up where the private auto leaves off.
Public transportation is the way in the Philippines.
Public transportation is to be used in lieu of state vehicles when savings are thus effected.
Public transportation is two blocks from the doorstep.
Public transportation is unreliable and moves at a snail's pace.
Public transportation is unreliable and the vehicles are poorly maintained.
Public transportation is unreliable, and vehicles are poorly maintained.
Public transportation is usually still available.
Public transportation is very accessible.
Public transportation is very convienient and affordable.
Public transportation is very good.
Public transportation is very limited in the summer, so having a car is almost a necessity.
Public transportation is very limited.
Public transportation is very spotty depending upon the residence of individuals.
Public transportation is well developed and easily accessible.
Public transportation is within easy access from our location.
Public transportation is within one block of the facility.
Public transportation is within two blocks.
Public transportation is within walking distance of the office.
Public transportation is within walking distance.
Public transportation is wonderful.
Public transportation links the campus and other parts of town, including many areas with housing.
Public transportation makes it easy to go from campus to downtown or into the suburbs.
Public transportation makes it easy to to get around in the city and out to the suburbs.
Public transportation makes it simple to get anywhere.
Public transportation makes our campus very accessible for suburban and city dwellers.
Public transportation makes the campus accessible by bus, subway, and light rail.
Public transportation makes the city and surrounding environs readily accessible.
Public transportation offers limited services to some general aviation airports.
Public transportation passes in front of school.
Public transportation passes in Paris.
Public transportation provides access to ocean beaches.
Public transportation provides access to the station.
Public transportation provides alternatives to the auto .
Public transportation provides an important alternative to improve transportation efficiency.
Public transportation provides easy access from Oakland to all sections of the county.
Public transportation provides easy access to Memphis and Nashville.
Public transportation provides easy access to the sports and cultural centers.
Public transportation provides important alternatives to improve transportation efficiency.
Public transportation provides service to within walking distance of the campus.
Public transportation providing connections by bus or train to Boston is available near the campus.
Public transportation puts an end to isolation.
Public transportation reduces the number of cars on the road and the attendant air quality problems.
Public transportation runs directly to the campus.
Public transportation runs frequently and efficiently, especially in major cities.
Public transportation runs right through campus.
Public transportation starts to look good.
Public transportation stop in front of condo.
Public transportation works very well in New York.
All public transportation is nearby.
All public transportation leaves from the baggage area of the airport.
All public transportation stops as well.
Most public transportation stops, though taxi service is generally available.
Some public transportation is available.
Some public transportation reduces carbon emissions.
Some public transportation reduces emissions.
Some public transportation reduces gaseous emissions.
Public trees require care, whether it be pruning, fertilizing, removing or replanting.
Public trial is provided for in the Bill of Rights, and trials are conducted fairly.
Public trials are a fantasy.
Public trials are possible only in conditions of a stable regime.
Public trust can only exist with our integrity and respect for one another.
Public trust comes into filmmaking.
Public trust depends on sunshine.
Public trust erodes as well.
Public trust is dangerously low.
Public trust is earned every day.
Public trust is earned through openness, outreach, consistency and results.
Public trust is enhanced by developing participation in front of the decision making process.
Public trust is maintained through quality service and the wise efficient use of funds.
Public trust is the independent sector 's greatest asset.
Public trust is trust
Public trust requires the efficient and effective use of resources.
Public understanding is key to public acceptance.
Public understanding is limited.
Public understanding is the key to successful aided telephone communication.
Public universities are a classic example of such institutions.
Public universities are especially interested in developing new distance learning programs.
Public universities are primarily a public resource.
Public universities are still costly by British standards and fees vary widely from state to state.
Public universities do.
Public universities educate over three-fourths of American students.
Public universities embrace the regions where they reside.
Public universities have a darker background.
Public universities have an open admissions policy.
Public universities lack flexibility that independent, nonprofit foundations can provide.
Public universities serve many masters and live only partially in a market economy.
Any public university is a public asset.
Many public universities are well funded and have nice facilities.
Many public universities have similar agreements.
Many public universities publish their TCEs.
Most public universities offer correspondence or extended study courses.
Public urination is a class C misdemeanor.
Public urination is against the law.
Public urination is another daily non-White event.
Public urination is illegal, as is the public intoxication that often goes with it.
Public urination is located in fraternity houses.
Public use is currently minimal, hence viewer sensitivity is low.
Public use is discouraged.
Public use is encouraged and regulated.
Public use is in every case a matter of local policy.
Public use is open and free.
Public use is restricted to research and education.
All public use is restricted to daylight hours only except during the raccoon hunt.
Public users are only able to use the tennis courts.
Public users can find contact or source information for the data in which they are interested.
Public users have less access that registered legislators and staff members.
Public utility customers receive statements.
A public utility is a service
Public utilities agree to a fee structure that is negotiated with each state .
Public utilities are a key component of that.
Public utilities are a natural monopoly.
Public utilities are a special case.
Public utilities are available in portions of the subject neighborhood via the city of Fort Worth.
Public utilities are available on the property.
Public utilities are completely available.
Public utilities are currently available to the site.
Public utilities are financially crippled by their inability to secure payment from their customers.
Public utilities are modern and well-run.
Public utilities are more reliable and easier to maintain than other systems.
Public utilities are particularly hard-hit.
Public utilities are readily available.
Public utilities are service companies.
Public utilities are the best examples of natural monopolies.
Public utilities can sacrifice efficiency for reliability by holding large reserves.
Public utilities have facilities.
Public utilities install facilities.
Public utilities pay a lot of property tax.
Public utilities provide electric services.
Public utilities provide electricity.
Public utilities provide services.
Public utilities require inspections.
Public utilities require water for generating electricity.
Public utilities say the new services are needed to compete in a deregulated electricity industry.
Public utility commission a state regulatory commission set up to oversee public utilities .
All public utilities are in place or scheduled to be in place.
Every public utility is required to furnish reasonably adequate service and facilities.
Most public utilities have facilities.
Most public utilities install facilities.
Most public utilities provide electric services.
Most public utilities provide electricity.
Most public utilities provide services.
Most public utilities require inspections.
Some public utilities get water from surface water sources such as lakes and rivers.
Some public utilities provide agreement.
Some public utilities provide electronic mail notice.
Some public utilities provide impact study agreement.
Some public utilities provide information.
Some public utilities provide notice.
Some public utilities provide rules.
Some public utilities require rules.
Public values defeat private scandal.
Public values regarding the use and protection of natural resources continue to change.
Public values shift over time.
Public variables are self-explanatory or commented below.
Public varieties are usually available in certified seed channels.
Public varieties yield well and usually have good resistance to disease.
Public venues are equally problematic.
Public version is FREE and available for download form our web site .
Public versions are available.
Public vessels have a lot of oil spills, but they average less than one gallon.
Public victories have little to do with the back rooms of power.
Public views are very important to many Seattle residents.
Public virtue is involved.
Public virtue seems to be quite extinct.
Public visitation is at an all time high.
Public visitation is encouraged, with several hiking opportunities available.
Public visitations give anyone the opportunity for all to come and pay tribute.
Public visitors are to be greeted at the front door.
Public visitors wants visual evidence that the elephants are satisfied with their living.
All public visitors are welcome.
Public vote determines the winners in clam, seafood, and creative categories.
Public war is either civil or national.
Public washrooms are also available and the site is completely wheelchair accessible.
Public water is also available to the area under development east and northeast of Evergreen Manor.
Public water is available and septic sites have been approved on all lots.
Public water is available to everyone in the area.
Public water is available to site.
Public water is available to the entire borough.
Public water is available, an econ.
Public water is available.
Public water is needed in the area.
Public water is provided by excellent quality ground water.
Public water is supplied to the surrounding area, and there are no private wells known to be in use.
Public water is underground as is electric, phone and cable.
Public water runs along the highway.
Public waters wetlands.
Public wealth is diminished.
Public welfare includes effects on soil, water, property, animals and visibility.
All public welfare needs to be returned to local control.
Public work can build capacities among individuals and institutions.
Public work helps build our larger common pool of wealth and resources-our commonwealth.
Public work highlights the importance of a public life to a full human existence.
Public work includes writing free software, writing about free software, and public speaking.
Public work is a new freedom movement.
Public work is a site for continuing conceptual work.
Public work is part of infrastructures.
Public work is structures.
Public works are an investment of tax money in our own future.
Public works are bullish as a whole.
Public works are bullish.
Public works can help with locating a water source.
Public works can inventory streets, plan snow plowing and rubbish collection routes.
Public works continues their pre-winter work projects.
Public works continues to repair roads damaged.
Public works has other problems to correct.
Public works includes garbage collection, drainage, road lighting, streets, and parkways.
Public works invest our tax money in our own future.
Public works is a profession of community service.
Public works is a proud profession of community service.
Public works is also responsible for the collection of leaves and branches.
Public works is mandated to have a complete listing of all government vehicles.
Public Works Learn about Chicago's infrastructure investment . . .
Public works play a safety net role by conferring transfer and stabilization benefits to the poor.
Public works represent investments in our future.
Public workers can probably count on cutbacks in overtime.
Public workers have the same rights as all workers.
Public workplaces are different.
Public workshop charettes to illustrate community design input.
Some public workshops provide additional opportunity.
Some public workshops provide opportunity.
Public workstations give students immediate access to the Internet and cd-rom resources.
Public Workstations See workstation pages for further details.
All public workstations are in view of staff and other users.
Public worship can be a joy as creativity joins music and message to let the soul soar.
Public worship energizes the Christian community.
Public worship is carried on normally and believers can also worship at home.
Public worship is just as important as private worship.
Public worship is performed with solemnity and beauty.
Public worship is the testimony of our faith to angels and men.
Public worship reflects what is already in the hearts of the worshipers.
A public is a people
PubliC works says they are going to fix the lagoon.
Publics are bodies.
Publics are within and outside the organization or company.
Publics ignore, pay for, resist, flock to, revile, and worship the arts.
Publics like to pounce on delays.
Publics point sources catalog and database.
Publics respond best to simple messages.
Publics works engineering.
Publics often overlap, and they can be identified and sub-divided in many different ways.
All public is invited to attend.
All public is invited.
Many public also make special arrangements for homebound patrons.
Most publics perceive most scientists as highly credible.
Publication bias is a major concern to meta-analysts.
Publication bias is an important problem .
Publication bias remains a problem, as negative studies are less likely to be published.
Publication date comes up next.
Publication date follows title if no author is given.
Publication date Indicates the actual or approximate date a document was published.
Publication date is at the moment in flux.
Publication date is determined by date of distribution.
Publication date is given at the beginning of each study and at the end of each section of text.
Publication date is mentioned for the purpose of information only.
Publication date is pending.
Publication date is still pending.
Publication date is that of the month s general meeting.
Publication date means the day the material goes to the copy center or printer.
Publication date means the day the material goes to the printer.
Publication date means the inscribed date of the bulletin.
Publication date varies from country to country.
Publication date varies.
Publication dates are approximate.
Publication dates are available from our office during regular business hours.
Publication dates are different from the call numbers.
Publication dates are helpful if they can be supplied.
Publication dates are in parentheses after each subhead.
Publication dates are irregular, probably once or twice a year.
Publication dates are rough targets for having finished books available for sale.
Publication dates are subject to change.
Publication dates are subject to delay.
Publication dates are tentative and subject to change.
Publication dates are tentative.
Publication dates are the first part of each month.
Publication dates are usually necessary.
Publication dates are winter, spring, summer, and fall.
Publication dates can be quite fluid.
Publication dates see following examples.
Publication dates span the last two centuries.
Publication dates vary according to sport.
Publication dates vary among magazines.
Publication dates vary.
All publication dates are estimates, and are subject to change without notice.
All publication dates are tentative and subject to change.
Publication fees apply.
Publication rights are to be negotiated separately and include a higher pricing base.
A publication is work
Publication also allows other licensees to learn from the mistakes of their peers.
Publication also contains CD ROM presentation and photographic images of site visits.
Publication also includes suppliers contract ads, appointment and job opportunity notices.
Publication also opens the door to a new remedy against infringers.
Publication also serves to provide a model for future students.
Publication analyzes politics and government in Kazakhstan in the face of a new world order.
Publication are available as well as links to professional sites.
Publication breeds dollars.
Publication brings prestige, validation, and possibly monetary reward.
Publication can also allow operators to participate in the policing of the market.
Publication can also take many forms.
Publication can be a debilitating process.
Publication can be an important fact about a professor.
Publication can be in any language any place, so long as it is publicly accessible.
Publication can be rapid because there are no page limits.
Publication can encourage new participants to take part in the campaign.
Publication can result from consensus in the readership.
Publication can result within several months of acceptance.
Publication can take many forms.
Publication can take up to two years, sometimes more.
Publication can wait.
Publication carries responsibilities in the scientific community.
Publication comes out of ideas, curiosity, and drive.
Publication comes out twice a month.
Publication consists chiefly of tables and statistics.
Publication continues for three weeks.
Publication covers privately held U.S. companies.
Publication creates several new risks and opportunities.
Publication dates Current materials.
Publication dates irregular.
Publication dates Primarily current materials are selected.
Publication dates subject to change without notice.
Publication dates to be announced.
Publication dates Variable.
Publication defeats patentability only if it occurs before filing for patent protection.
Publication depends on the quality of the analysis.
Publication exposes the idea or result to criticism, verification or refutation by other scientists.
Publication features fiction pieces, an electronic serial, poems, photo-journalism pieces and art.
Publication follows within six months.
Publication Go back home.
Publication goes to print.
Publication has different meanings.
Publication has numerous articles on practice of law and the use of the Internet.
Publication has since ceased, however past issues are available here.
Publication has various meanings.
Publication implies no guarantee on the paper's part to readers.
Publication includes a full range of Japanese industry statistics including imports and exports.
Publication includes citywide and neighborhood numbers on home sales, foreclosures, and rents.
Publication includes loaning, leasing, selling, or giving away copies of the work.
Publication includes photographs and illustrations.
Publication instills pride and provides an incentive to produce good work.
Publication involves distributing the results of the work to colleagues and the publics involved.
Publication is a comparison of the two structures.
Publication is a good way to do it.
Publication is a noteworthy achievement for a faculty and their university.
Publication is a powerful motivating tool to encourage young writers.
Publication is about sharing.
Publication is already overdue.
Publication is also available for downloading click here.
Publication is also subject to space limitations.
Publication is also vital to science as a whole.
Publication is always several years behind.
Publication is an analysis of the technologisation of biology and the biologisation of technology.
Publication is an ongoing feature of the project, actively pursued.
Publication is analogous to the Statutes at Large and the United States Code.
Publication is anticipated after a period of time to judge the reaction of the participants.
Publication is anticipated later in the year.
Publication is anticipated within a few months.
Publication is anticipated.
Publication is at the discretion of the editor.
Publication is at the discretion of the editors.
Publication is available as a paid subscription only.
Publication is available as book or database for company intranet use.
Publication is available.
Publication is based on editorial and space requirements.
Publication is bi-monthly.
Publication is bimonthly.
Publication is biweekly.
Publication is copyrighted.
Publication is currently every four weeks.
Publication is customarily one year after acceptance.
Publication is defined as any quotation used in a book, article, or doctoral dissertation.
Publication is dependent upon the responses and validity of the story.
Publication is due within a year after the meeting.
Publication is due within one year of the meeting.
Publication is encouraged.
Publication is essential for all legal norms to have effect.
Publication is extremely slow, and there are many gaps in sequence.
Publication is facilitated.
Publication is fast, and end-users can instantly search for and interact with synchronized media.
Publication is forthcoming.
Publication is fortnightly.
Publication is four months after the acceptance of the last manuscript in each section.
Publication is free for small orders.
Publication is free of charge to authors.
Publication is free of charge.
Publication is free plus postage.
Publication is free to authors.
Publication is free.
Publication is frightening.
Publication is from five to seven months after final acceptance.
Publication is generally by electronic mail in plain text format.
Publication is granted upon attribution.
Publication is hastened when manuscripts conform to the following recommended guidelines.
Publication is highly competitive and usually very slow.
Publication is immediate upon the editor's final decision.
Publication is important for all children.
Publication is important for at least three reasons.
Publication is in electronic format only.
Publication is in print.
Publication is in the discretion of the editor.
Publication is in the language of submission, English or German.
Publication is in two releases.
Publication is indeed an important standard in the scientific process.
Publication is independent of a participation in the conference.
Publication is informative but occasional.
Publication is instant and free.
Publication is instant.
Publication is intended in one of the major professional journals or conference series.
Publication is irregular.
Publication is just the cherry on top of the sundae.
Publication is like archery.
Publication is likely next fall.
Publication is limited to one ad per person.
Publication is limited to one letter per individual per calendar month.
Publication is limited to one letter per month per writer.
Publication is mailed in polybag preferred periodicals class.
Publication is mailed second class, in plastic envelope.
Publication is mandatory if the licence has been revoked or suspended.
Publication is monthly.
Publication is no longer for the few, it is now an exciting destination that everyone can reach.
Publication is normally nine to twelve months after a manuscript is accepted.
Publication is now at vol.
Publication is now available.
Publication is on a space-available basis.
Publication is on the Web and in the print version of the magazine, which comes out twice a year.
Publication is one and a half to two years after the date the act was passed.
Publication is one of the important aspect of scientific activities.
Publication is only the first step in finding readers.
Publication is open to all persons.
Publication is paper-based.
Publication is planned over the next two quarters.
Publication is planned.
Publication is printed on loose-leaves in binder.
Publication is promised as soon as possible after the date of acceptance.
Publication is quarterly with an annual cumulated index.
Publication is rapid.
Publication is scheduled at the editor's discretion.
Publication is set for next month.
Publication is slated for next spring.
Publication is slightly behind schedule.
Publication is solely at the discretion of the editors.
Publication is somewhat slow.
Publication is subject to approval of the editor.
Publication is subject to review by staff.
Publication is the aim for all the materials produced in our workshops.
Publication is the first week of the second month listed.
Publication is the generic class for all types of published materials.
Publication is the imprimatur that work is now part of the cannon.
Publication is the most common manner.
Publication is the most downloaded document produced by AUSe.
Publication is the title of the publication.
Publication is then the only element in the adoption process.
Publication is to be once annually.
Publication is twice a week.
Publication is under discussion as a joint venture between colleagues in Media and Film.
Publication is up to the erratic discretion of the editor.
Publication is usually within a week of the decision for California cases.
Publication is usually within one year of acceptance.
Publication is via web or email.
Publication is weekly and the e-zine goes out to our readers at close of day on Thursdays.
Publication is weekly in season, moving to biweekly.
Publication is weekly throughout the academic year.
Publication is within days instead of months.
Publication is yearly, and usually befalls in late spring.
Publication is yearly.
Publication isa artifact.
Publication lags about two years behind current date.
Publication lists to be furnished by state agencies.
Publication makes an idea available to all to pursue as they wish.
Publication manualof the american psychological association.
Publication needs continuity. .
Publication occurs roughly once per week.
Publication offers extensive coverage of living persons.
Publication only is offered as payment.
Publication procedes at the rate of one volume per year.
Publication provides comprehensive new vehicle test drive reviews and information.
Publication provides information on different types of rentals.
Publication provides technical information about specific laboratory procedures.
Publication puts the formal scientific stamp of approval on finished research.
Publication remains a primary factor in tenure decisions.
Publication requires the agreement of the data provider.
Publication reserves the right to insist upon press proofing for quality assurance.
Publication segregates the land temporarily for up to two years.
Publication starts of the weekly Sydney Herald, Australia's oldest still existing newspaper.
Publication stops at semester breaks.
Publication supports the student newspaper and the student yearbook.
Publication takes many forms.
Publication takes place in fascicles, each treating a family or group of related families.
Publication then allows the wider scientific community to continue the same process.
Publication then becomes a simple process of previewing the documents and launching the server.
Publication varies from monthly to three times yearly.
Publications Access our library of health care information and resources .
Publications Access our library of health care information and resources.
Publications address ways to improve clinical social work practice at the micro and mezzo levels.
Publications also address a broad span of youth issues, from political issues to youth development.
Publications also give citizens another way to hear the information.
Publications also provide a source of revenue.
Publications also remain an important and effective communications tool.
Publications also serve as advertising for future work.
Publications appear at irregular intervals.
Publications appear at regular intervals.
Publications appear in a different order.
Publications Appear in a variety of formats such as books, brochures, reports, etc.
Publications appear in alphabetical order by first author's last name.
Publications appear in subject order below.
Publications are a critical component of both our education and advocacy efforts.
Publications are a good example.
Publications are a measure of status and contribute towards promotion.
Publications are accessible online.
Publications are also an important part of the museum's educational programs.
Publications are also available around the world from the network of local distribution partners.
Publications are also available by mail order.
Publications are also available by mail.
Publications are also available for individual purchase in print format.
Publications are also available in alternative formats upon request.
Publications are also available in hard copy.
Publications are also available in other languages.
Publications are also available in Spanish, and in printed formats.
Publications are also available on microfiche.
Publications are also available on our World Wide Web site.
Publications are also available.
Publications are also online, along with their recruiting information.
Publications are always important.
Publications are an excellent indicator of motivation, discipline and accomplishment.
Publications are another mechanism for communication with student members.
Publications are at various stages of review and revisions.
Publications are available at low and no cost.
Publications are available at low cost.
Publications are available at no charge.
Publications are available at no cost, subject to availability.
Publications are available at park visitor centers which cover a broad range of wildlife topics.
Publications are available by post.
Publications are available by subscription.
Publications are available for download and can be distributed royalty free.
Publications are available for download at no charge.
Publications are available for interlibrary loan.
Publications are available for patients, doctors, dentists and schools.
Publications are available for professionals and patients.
Publications are available for purchase by mail order or fax.
Publications are available for purchase online.
Publications are available for purchase.
Publications are available for review architects.
Publications are available free of charge for all relevant organisations or individuals.
Publications are available free of charge.
Publications are available from music dealers throughout the world.
Publications are available from the above address.
Publications are available from the author.
Publications are available from the departmental webpage .
Publications are available from the web site.
Publications are available here.
Publications are available in alternate languages and formats and on our Web site.
Publications are available in alternate languages and formats.
Publications are available in alternative formats upon request.
Publications are available in alternative formats when requested.
Publications are available in audio tape, large print, disk, or Braille format upon request.
Publications are available in both official languages, unless otherwise indicated beside the title.
Publications are available in Canada, Guyana, New York, The Virgin Islands and Eastern Caribbean.
Publications are available in electronic form and in print.
Publications are available in English, French, Spanish, Russian and Chinese.
Publications are available in hard copy and on microfiche.
Publications are available in other languages, too.
Publications are available in paper form, or electronically.
Publications are available in printed form.
Publications are available in Spanish and English regarding current civil rights laws.
Publications are available in Spanish.
Publications are available in the following subject areas.
Publications are available on a number of topics and a monthly magazine is available.
Publications are available on a wide variety of safety-related issues.
Publications are available on breast and cervical cancer.
Publications are available on everything from planting a vegetable garden to stamping out fire ants.
Publications are available on hazardous waste and legal action.
Publications are available on most aspects, of water use, problems and treatment.
Publications are available on on-line services.
Publications are available on request.
Publications are available on site at a cost.
Publications are available on the web and they are pretty technical.
Publications are available on the Web.
Publications are available online and through online ordering.
Publications are available on-line or PDF format.
Publications are available on-line, in hard copy or alternative formats.
Publications are available on-line.
Publications are available only to persons working with Native American or Alaskan populations.
Publications are available over the counter, by mail, courier or fax.
Publications are available through convenient mail order.
Publications are available through the national and local chapters.
Publications are available to assist students in making decisions about future career goals.
Publications are available to download from the site.
Publications are available to members at special discounted rates.
Publications are available to order from the web site.
Publications are available to practices in the United States only.
Publications are available to the public.
Publications are available upon request until supply is exhausted.
Publications are available upon request, usually at no charge.
Publications are available via the home pages of the researchers.
Publications are available with additional information.
Publications are available with an emphasis on making our school system violence free.
Publications are available.
Publications are bilingual.
Publications are by subscription only and are available in several formats.
Publications are commercial enterprises.
Publications are communication.
Publications are cross-referenced by subject matter and focus and by media format.
Publications are custom-bound and distributed.
Publications are documents such as press releases and published reports.
Publications are effective tools at educating the public about companion animals.
Publications are either available to order, or available to view on-line.
Publications are equally easy to address.
Publications are for sale to anyone.
Publications are forthcoming.
Publications are free and can be ordered in English or Spanish by phone, fax or mail.
Publications are free except as noted.
Publications are free of charge to people in Africa, Asia, and Latin America.
Publications are free of charge unless otherwise indicated.
Publications are free of charge.
Publications are free to reproduce individual columns.
Publications are free unless a price is indicated.
Publications are free unless indicated otherwise.
Publications are free unless noted otherwise.
Publications are free unless otherwise stated.
Publications are free, except where marked.
Publications are from African and international sources, primarily English language sources.
Publications are generally available in paper or disc format or on our web site.
Publications are generally available in public and university libraries and through the internet.
Publications are generally peer reviewed and include bibliographies and references.
Publications are here .
Publications are here.
Publications are in .pdf format to make reading and printing easier.
Publications are in Adobe Acrobat format.
Publications are in areas of orthopedics, disorders or urinary tract, and pain management.
Publications are in both Hebrew and English.
Publications are in both paper and microfiche format.
Publications are in downloadable format.
Publications are in dutch.
Publications are in five series.
Publications are in French and English, and articles can include pictures and video.
Publications are in Japanese, Chinese, English, and European languages.
Publications are in paper and microfiche format.
Publications are in the area of syncope and sudden death.
Publications are in the form of directories, information packets, fact sheets, and pamphlets.
Publications are in the native language of the country of origin, unless otherwise noted.
Publications are listed below.
Publications are more imprtant than degrees for a writer.
Publications are most helpful.
Publications are Nationally Honored. . .
Publications are now available on line .
Publications are often a prime target for cost cuts.
Publications are often free.
Publications are on a separate page.
Publications are on legal history.
Publications are on sale at meetings as well as being available by post.
Publications are one index, and patents are another.
Publications are online along with searchable Affiliate list Membership and FAQ for Hispanic pages.
Publications are only one indicator.
Publications are our principal means of rendering public service.
Publications are our products, and are thus a very important part of our funding considerations.
Publications are particularly strong in the area of book chapters.
Publications are predominently secular in nature.
Publications are primarily from the legislative and executive branches of government.
Publications are refundable only if returned unopened in original shrink-wrap.
Publications are relatively easy to launch but hard to maintain.
Publications are replete with suggestions on the best practices in that regard.
Publications are research-based and reviewed .
Publications are research-based and reviewed.
Publications are research-based.
Publications are research-bases and reviewed for quality and accuracy.
Publications are right now, left here .
Publications are searchable by title and author.
Publications are subject to availability.
Publications are the major outcome of the conducted research.
Publications are the primary deliverable associated with a research project.
Publications are the rungs on the ladder of academic success.
Publications are their principal means of rendering public service.
Publications are timely and well reviewed.
Publications are to be cited as follows.
Publications are to cover original work in accordance with the definitions for research.
Publications are under development and opportunities to make presentations are invited.
Publications are updated regularly and are accurate on the date issued.
Publications are usually horrible about explaining their own affairs.
Publications are varied, and most are free.
Publications are weekly agricultural newspapers serving the Midwest.
Publications are welcome to add a listing through our on-line form.
Publications are welcome to add a listing through their on-line form.
Publications are welcome to add a listing.
Publications are work.
Publications are, therefore, often issued out of numerical sequence, leaving gaps in the numbering.
Publications argue for a Europe of diversity, self-government, liberty and accountability.
Publications Below are some of our publications.
Publications Below is a list of available publications.
Publications Below is a list of research publications.
Publications Below is an abridged list of publications from the last few years.
Publications Call to request free copies of our energy publications.
Publications can also contain more than one article.
Publications can be serial or non-serial and from either print or electronic media.
Publications can include text, tables, graphics, sound, and related media.
Publications can keep track of a page's author, date of creation, modification, etc.
Publications can range from books and scientific papers to popular articles.
Publications can range in size from signature to metro.
Publications can take either printed or electronic forms.
Publications catalog available upon request.
Publications catalog available.
Publications catalog in English, French, and Spanish.
Publications cease and frequently resume at a later date when money again becomes available.
Publications change all of the time in an electronic environment.
Publications Check out our newly released publications.
Publications Check out the latest issue of Humanities , browse past issues , and subscribe online .
Publications circulate for two weeks.
Publications Click on a link below to download a document or find out how to order it.
Publications Click on a publication below to see an enlarged view of the cover.
Publications Click on a publication to see more detailed information.
Publications Click on a resource's title to go to that site.
Publications Click on cover image for table of contents and ordering information.
Publications Click the icon to see the current list of publications by the group.
Publications Click the titles to see the abstracts.
Publications combines both newspaper and yearbook.
Publications come in a variety of formats and frequency.
Publications commensurate with experience.
Publications consist of one or more articles.
Publications contain detailed information directed at specific matters or industries.
Publications contain financial information about the companies.
Publications contain pages and each page is composed of layers.
Publications contain subjects topical to a broad audience.
Publications containing additional information for applicants are available for download.
Publications contains a list and abstracts of our publications.
Publications Contains the source and postscript files of several research articles and books.
Publications continue to be available in print form .
Publications continues to evaluate role in relation to Web documents particularly.
Publications Coordinate the campus events planner.
Publications cost money.
Publications cover a broad range of linguistic, cultural, and sociolinguistic topics.
Publications cover a wide range of interests related to deafness.
Publications cover a wide range of subjects in the social sciences and sciences.
Publications cover everything from digging latrines to global economics.
Publications cover the large region from Bulgaria, Poland and Baltic to the Far East of Russia.
Publications covered include technical journals, reports, books, codes and conference proceedings.
Publications covering topics and issues important to the practitioner are available.
Publications demand a mix of landscape and portrait pictures.
Publications describe earlier version .
Publications describe programs accurately.
Publications describing specific library services and resources are also available.
Publications discuss decisions.
Publications discuss preservation.
Publications discuss use.
Publications discussing car features and prices are available at bookstores and on the internet.
Publications Do a search for flexagon.
Publications do go through cycles.
Publications employing technical and theoretical approaches are the core of the collection.
Publications everywhere have to be thinking ahead.
Publications exceed ten.
Publications exist in every field imaginable.
Publications explain common guidelines.
Publications explain guidelines.
Publications explaining resources and services in greater detail are also available.
Publications feature title-level and bibliographic data and publisher contact information.
Publications Features the list of to-date publications.
Publications Feel free to download the english versions of our publications.
Publications Find compliance information for a variety of issues and industries.
Publications Find magazines, books, etc.
Publications Find out what publications are available.
Publications focus on economic, political, and social issues.
Publications focus on issues.
Publications Following are some examples of recent publications.
Publications Following are some recent faculty publications.
Publications Get an association newsletter with the latest information via e-mail or on paper.
Publications get hundreds of press releases each day.
Publications Get the latest information on-line.
Publications Getting Started To initiate a new project, please call ext.
Publications give guidance.
Publications give opportunities for better work and more prestigious affiliations.
Publications Go to publications .
Publications Go to the online shop for IB curriculum materials.
Publications grouped by industry appear on the bottom half of the screen.
Publications has a variety of agricultural listings.
Publications have (part) artwork.
Publications have (part) cartoons.
Publications have (part) chapters.
Publications have (part) items.
Publications have (part) page numbers.
Publications have (part) paragraphs.
Publications have (part) sections.
Publications have (part) text.
Publications have (part) word order.
Publications Have a look at the list .
Publications have a whole team of people who make the dessert look perfect for the photo.
Publications have high impact.
Publications have impact.
Publications have individual titles within the series.
Publications have other suggestions.
Publications have pictures.
Publications have suggestions.
Publications have to be carefully checked out at the entrance desk of the library.
Publications have to be sent in directly from the publisher.
Publications have to come clean on the statistics.
Publications have yet to be generated.
Publications Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Publications Here are a few useful UK journals.
Publications Here is a list of publications - click on the name to obtain the document.
Publications Here is a list of recent publications and presentations .
Publications Here is a list of recent publications.
Publications Here is a list of some recent publications .
Publications Here is a publication list with downloadable papers.
Publications identified as electronic only are, in some cases, exactly that.
Publications include descriptions.
Publications includes a directory of departmental publications, available both in print and online.
Publications includes information on gangs, substance abuse, courts, corrections, and violence.
Publications includes order information for our most recent publications.
Publications Includes print publications only, with examples.
Publications includes printing of manuals, finding aids, guides, etc.
Publications indexed include journals, yearbooks, and museum bulletins.
Publications Insert the name of the person whose publications are listed.
Publications introduce readers.
Publications involving more than one research group appear more than once.
Publications is a list of technical publications.
Publications is a reimbursable function.
Publications is available here.
Publications issued on a regular basis are periodicals.
Publications Just click here .
Publications Keep up with the latest reading materials.
Publications Keeping up with current professional issues and news can sometimes be difficult.
Publications Keeping up with immigration law can be a time-consuming challenge.
Publications Learn more about our publications, and even order on-line.
Publications -Links to articles and other publications pertaining to small water systems.
Publications list available covering a range of teaching materials including videos.
Publications list available on request.
Publications list available upon request.
Publications list for consumers and professionals.
Publications list in English.
Publications listed are free of charge to developing country organizations.
Publications listed are free unless a price is noted.
Publications listed are subject to availability.
Publications listed here are available for purchase on microfiche either individually or as a set.
Publications listed represent the work of a variety of people and organizations.
Publications listing is of interest.
Publications lists our online and print publications.
Publications lists our recent papers and provides access to postscript versions.
Publications lists recent papers.
Publications Look at on-line and print publications about agricultural research.
Publications Look here .
Publications Look here for the list .
Publications looks to be on a monthly schedule.
Publications make multitude of claims which are difficult to check out.
Publications means visibility, esteem, and career mobility.
Publications memorials links to love and women for men.
Publications need major revisions.
Publications need revisions.
Publications normally acknowledge the sponsor's support.
Publications offer details.
Publications originate from different sources, covering all topics.
Publications present overviews.
Publications present the best in current on-line material from the most respected authors.
Publications Printed communication is carried out by means of our regular Bulletins.
Publications Produce and distribute materials on a range of risk management topics.
Publications Produces the quarterly newsletter and educational publications.
Publications promote better farming practices.
Publications provide a historical record of the field's development and accomplishments.
Publications provide additional resources.
Publications provide another way to support education.
Publications provide descriptions.
Publications provide details.
Publications provide examples.
Publications Provide full citations for works which have been published.
Publications provide information.
Publications provide resources.
Publications provides coin-operated copier services in convenient locations on and off campus.
Publications purchased from other sources often are cost items.
Publications qualifying for consideration include editorials, op-eds, articles, essays, and reviews.
Publications range from maps to booklets to posters.
Publications range from medical ingestion of alcohol to eyesight perception of nighttime driving.
Publications range from newsletters, journals and reports, to texts.
Publications range from specialized trade journals to popular magazines.
Publications range from work roles and relationship issues to psycholsocial aspects of breat cancer.
Publications reach a wide audience but are time consuming to produce.
Publications Read business articles written by our office.
Publications Read online or order.
Publications Read up on the latest news.
Publications receive several releases each day.
Publications reflecting teaching and scholarly work are also welcome.
Publications regarding sources for financial aid are available in the guidance center.
Publications reject work for many reasons.
Publications related to all program areas are available for free download.
Publications related to Delaware County history and genealogy are available.
Publications relating to land records are available for purchase .
Publications remain eligible for a period of roughly two years after they first appear.
Publications remain with their publishing department.
Publications rise, fall or subsist in circumstances that parallel the movements they represent.
Publications See above.
Publications See entries for staff in relevant departments.
Publications See gazetteers .
Publications see here .
Publications See here .
Publications See home page of the group.
Publications See individual research themes and personal web pages .
Publications See our publications .
Publications See publications of our group .
Publications See separate list .
Publications See the group members' respective web pages.
Publications See the list of publications .
Publications See the publication update instructions .
Publications Share our technical expertise.
Publications show results.
Publications showing depository distribution are available from state depository libraries.
Publications Speaks for itself really.
Publications supplies the form.
Publications Take a look at our extensive publications list .
Publications target the cut holly industry in Virginia.
Publications There are literally thousands of publications available.
Publications There are student newspapers at each campus.
Publications thrive or whither upon the altar of their critical readers.
Publications touch on various topics in the field of architecture.
Publications typically form the core of a curriculum vitae for academics.
Publications Use the check boxes to select one or several publications.
Publications Use the data list below to link to publications. .
Publications using extracts kindly credit the bulletin and author.
Publications vary from newsletters and newspapers, to journals and other periodical publications.
Publications View a list of maritime preservation publications and link to online versions.
Publications View and order some safety promotion products.
Publications Welcome to the . . .
Publications Writing winning grants and successfully managing grants requires skill.
Publications written by mental health professionals are mainly marketing tools.
Publications written for patients and the general public are in one category.
Publications frequently request and use images produced by our photographers.
Publication often comes in a journal edited by lawyers rather than students.
Publications often change constantly through time.
Publications often publish such lists as a tool for generating publicity.
Publications often try to corroborate as much of an account as possible through independent sources.
All publication are available in alternative formats.
All publication are downloadable free of charge.
All publication is without engagement.
All publication requires the permission of each message author.
All publications accept display advertising.
All publications are also available free on the Internet.
All publications are also available on standard-size audio cassette.
All publications are also available via interlibrary loan.
All publications are also online.
All publications are also peer-reviewed to maintain a high standard.
All publications are at reduced or no cost to members.
All publications are available as reference materials only.
All publications are available at key locations throughout Clark County.
All publications are available for members to borrow or purchase.
All publications are available for purchase on their web site.
All publications are available for purchase on-line.
All publications are available for purchase or assessment.
All publications are available for sale to the public.
All publications are available for use by the general membership.
All publications are available free of charge.
All publications are available in alternative format upon request.
All publications are available in alternative formats on request.
All publications are available in English and French.
All publications are available in hard copy, on CD-ROM or as ebooks.
All publications are available in hard copy.
All publications are available in html format as well as in pdf format.
All publications are available in large print and on cassette on request.
All publications are available in paperbound only.
All publications are available in Russian and English.
All publications are available on request in other formats to assist people with special needs.
All publications are available on-line.
All publications are available over the Web.
All publications are available to download free of charge.
All publications are available to members an non-members.
All publications are available to members and non-members.
All publications are available to order.
All publications are available to students free of charge.
All publications are available to the public for a minimal charge.
All publications are available upon request at no cost.
All publications are available, however, from our office in Ulaanbaatar.
All publications are available.
All publications are correct at the time of publication.
All publications are correct at the time of writing and translation.
All publications are different.
All publications are downloadable free of charge.
All publications are for sale by post as booklets or microfiche.
All publications are free .
All publications are free except mail subscriptions to The Economic Letter outside North America.
All publications are free except where noted above.
All publications are free for the asking.
All publications are free of charge and available in braille, large print, and on diskette.
All publications are free of charge to Massachusetts businesses.
All publications are free of charge unless otherwise indicated.
All publications are free of charge unless otherwise noted.
All publications are free of charge unless otherwise stated.
All publications are free of charge.
All publications are free to members.
All publications are free to the public.
All publications are free to Wyoming residents.
All publications are free unless a price is displayed.
All publications are free unless a price is listed.
All publications are free unless noted otherwise.
All publications are free unless noted.
All publications are free unless otherwise noted To make a selection, click on a green button.
All publications are free unless otherwise noted.
All publications are free unless otherwise stated.
All publications are free while supplies last.
All publications are free.
All publications are freely available to members.
All publications are here along with ordering information and forms.
All publications are high in effect and fast in publishing.
All publications are in Adobe Acrobat format.
All publications are in engish with some also produced in spanish.
All publications are in English and are priced items.
All publications are in English only except where specified.
All publications are in English unless otherwise indicated.
All publications are in English unless otherwise noted.
All publications are in English unless otherwise specified.
All publications are in English unless otherwise stated.
All publications are in English.
All publications are in HTML format unless otherwise noted.
All publications are in Japanese language.
All publications are in postscript format and require a postscript viewer.
All publications are in very good condition unless otherwise stated.
All publications are market leaders in weekly distribution with audited circulations.
All publications are nonreturnable.
All publications are now available in weekly hard copy publication or daily e-newspaper format.
All publications are one-off charges.
All publications are paper bound.
All publications are paperback unless indicated as hardback.
All publications are presently available in Postscript format.
All publications are public domain.
All publications are staple-bound photocopies except where noted.
All publications are subject to carriage - see order form at the end for details.
All publications are taxable unless a tax-exempt certificate is enclosed with the order form.
All publications covered are available in the library.
All publications eventually find their level without legislative oversight.
All publications first appear online and afterwards in print.
All publications focus on current trends and issues in the language education field.
All publications have English summaries.
All publications have permission to reproduce it in part or whole with acknowledgment.
All publications indicate the most important changes in methodology.
All publications listed are available on microfiche as part of the Historical Microfiche Series.
All publications listed below are available for use in the State Library of Victoria.
All publications listed below are in Adobe Acrobat format.
All publications listed here are available in print.
All publications listed here are free.
All publications now appear in only one library, grouped by subject of the publication.
All publications offer at least tables of contents and abstracts.
All publications printed in Slovenia and foreign periodicals are at people's disposal.
All publications start with the next available issue.
Any publication dealing with dance scholarship or that has an impact on scholarship is eligible.
Any publication requires the permission of each individual posting author.
Every publication deserves evaluation .
Every publication has an editorial policy.
Every publication has links to a short abstract and a copy of the table of contents.
Every publication has projections for players.
Every publication has to have a back page for fun stuff.
Every publication is a little bit different.
Every publication is in pdf format.
Every publication is in search of relevant information and developments.
Every publication is prepared with the involvement of a culture bearer.
Every publication seems to use a different eagle.
Every publication wants to mark the beginning of the new millenium in a special way.
Many publications are accessible electronically.
Many publications are accessible on the Internet.
Many publications are also available full-text online.
Many publications are also available on our web site.
Many publications are also available online from our electronic archives.
Many publications are also available on-line in full text versions.
Many publications are available electronically in full-text in either html or pdf format.
Many publications are available electronically.
Many publications are available for downloading.
Many publications are available free of charge online.
Many publications are available full text.
Many publications are available full-text.
Many publications are available in multiple formats.
Many publications are available in our office.
Many publications are available in Spanish as well.
Many publications are available including three production guides.
Many publications are available on educational issues.
Many publications are available on how to make a difference in unwanted fire.
Many publications are available on safety, education and enforcement.
Many publications are available online in full texts.
Many publications are available on-line or can be ordered free of charge.
Many publications are available online, as is the order form for ordering paper copies.
Many publications are available on-line.
Many publications are available online.
Many publications are available that have valuable information for prospective contractors.
Many publications are available through bookstores.
Many publications are available to be borrowed for a period of three weeks.
Many publications are available to non-members as well as members.
Many publications are available to the public through various federal, state, and local agencies.
Many publications are available, as well as conference proceedings and training materials.
Many publications are available, as well as information on research grants.
Many publications are available.
Many publications are cross listed.
Many publications are downloadable from their Web site.
Many publications are free or available for a nominal fee.
Many publications are free.
Many publications are in microfiche format and are filed in fiche cabinets in call number order.
Many publications are in Spanish as well as English.
Many publications are now available in full text on CD-ROM .
Many publications claim they are guided by reader input when nothing is further from the truth.
Many publications concerning pesticides and toxic agents are available free from the government.
Many publications contain special postage paid forms to help make the process easier.
Many publications contain their own comprehensive subject index.
Many publications cover more than one career field.
Many publications deal with the frequency domain processing.
Many publications describe methods to assess and manage soil quality.
Many publications exist to serve the needs of the extension program specialist.
Many publications explain and list the ratings, which sometimes change before a program airs.
Many publications explore alternative dispute resolution.
Many publications fall somewhere between the two.
Many publications focus on understanding specific cultures.
Many publications give parents advice about being the primary sex educators of their children.
Many publications have a news section filled with short items.
Many publications have an archive available on the web containing back issues.
Many publications have editorial calendars that can be obtained by a telephone call.
Many publications have guidelines specifying what darkroom manipulations are allowable.
Many publications have strong brand recognition.
Many publications have very small staffs, which makes publishing difficult.
Many publications list educational sites.
Many publications make the minka style accessible to an even larger audience.
Many publications note their required style in a section usually called instructions to authors.
Many publications offer cheaper classified advertising rates to nonprofit organizations.
Many publications offer the same information online as in their printed versions.
Many publications pay more for assigned articles than for unsolicited articles.
Many publications pay special attentions to their reviews.
Many publications plan their editorial content months in advance.
Many publications post extensive archives of articles on their websites.
Many publications provide information about prospective employers.
Many publications provide local businesses with a free link section.
Many publications publish home and road power ratings.
Many publications rate it as one of the top picturesque towns in New England.
Many publications reject journal-style travel articles.
Many publications rent out their lists.
Many publications reserve a column or two for simple amusing articles.
Many publications review submissions in-house, then consult others before arriving at a decision.
Many publications spend endless hours or even days producing their online site.
Many publications supply information on counties and towns as well.
Many publications surface only to close down weeks or months later, unable to stay afloat.
More publications are available, and many more books and CDs are planned.
More publications are soon to come.
Most publication are free of charge.
Most publications accept letters via email.
Most publications accept press releases for no charge at all.
Most publications also consider some company changes as news.
Most publications also have fees for queries - some are based on word count, some have flat fees.
Most publications are a few years behind, but useful for obtaining older artices.
Most publications are also available online .
Most publications are available as a free subscription.
Most publications are available as the complete version or as an abstract.
Most publications are available at our offices in Zomba, either for sale, or in our library.
Most publications are available electronically, and can even be ordered online.
Most publications are available free of charge.
Most publications are available free to students.
Most publications are available in full on demand.
Most publications are available in hypertext and .pdf formats.
Most publications are available in large print, cassette, braille and on pc-compatible diskettes.
Most publications are available in Spanish and English.
Most publications are available in Spanish, as well as English.
Most publications are available online .
Most publications are available online, and hardcopies are available at a minimal cost.
Most publications are available through newsagents.
Most publications are available to the general public, although a few have limited membership.
Most publications are free but some carry a small charge to cover the cost of production.
Most publications are free of charge.
Most publications are free while others are available for a nominal fee.
Most publications are free, however, others attract a charge.
Most publications are free, others are available for a small fee.
Most publications are free.
Most publications are from the last decade.
Most publications are in .pdf format.
Most publications are in Adobe Acrobat format.
Most publications are in chapbook format.
Most publications are in English or in several languages, or contain an English resume.
Most publications are in English, but non-English titles are also included.
Most publications are in English, with the next largest group in French.
Most publications are short-run, revised frequently.
Most publications circulate, please consult the material specific policies for details.
Most publications contain information relating to the development of science and technology.
Most publications deal with environmental fate processes of explosives.
Most publications discuss decisions.
Most publications discuss preservation.
Most publications discuss use.
Most publications discussing RAID start with describing the different RAID levels .
Most publications do an inadequate job of covering smaller players and start-ups.
Most publications engage wordsmiths to do a fourth level of editing.
Most publications explain common guidelines.
Most publications explain guidelines.
Most publications fail because the publisher fails to plan.
Most publications focus on issues.
Most publications give away some free names to their advertisers.
Most publications give guidance.
Most publications have a phone number to call to request submission guidelines.
Most publications have a policy of only reviewing films about to be released theatrically.
Most publications have a set list of abbreviations they use.
Most publications have high impact.
Most publications have impact.
Most publications have other suggestions.
Most publications have pictures.
Most publications have pub guidelines.
Most publications have suggestions.
Most publications introduce readers.
Most publications listed have the allowances set at one copy of each particular publication.
Most publications manage their own titles.
Most publications now have a Web counterpart.
Most publications offer both regular submission guidelines and contests for specific categories.
Most publications offer details.
Most publications outline their specific policies in the letters section or on their mastheads.
Most publications provide additional resources.
Most publications provide descriptions.
Most publications provide details.
Most publications provide examples.
Most publications provide good information, but some provide false and or misleading information.
Most publications provide information.
Most publications provide resources.
Most publications recommend that raspberries be planted in late winter.
Most publications rely heavily on press releases to fill their pages and air time.
Most publications sell their subscription lists.
Most publications show results.
Most publications start with a printed version before making the jump to the Web.
Most publications still prefer to receive press releases by postal mail.
Most publications think that short is better than long.
Some publication dates, particularly of early commentaries, are approximate.
Some publications also break down payment per word.
Some publications also have direct links to their corresponding web sites.
Some publications also offer samples of intergovernmental agreements.
Some publications are acceptable for other advanced certifications.
Some publications are also available in hard copy.
Some publications are also available on the Internet, and links are included.
Some publications are also available on the Internet.
Some publications are available as free downloads.
Some publications are available for download from our web site.
Some publications are available for download on the Web site.
Some publications are available for download.
Some publications are available for downloading and viewing online.
Some publications are available for free in downloadable PDF format.
Some publications are available for viewing in .pdf format.
Some publications are available from other sources, as indicated.
Some publications are available full text, others only the abstracts.
Some publications are available in both English and Spanish language editions.
Some publications are available in both formats.
Some publications are available in full text.
Some publications are available in fulltext format.
Some publications are available in hardcopy.
Some publications are available in languages other than English and French.
Some publications are available in our online store.
Some publications are available in postscript format from an index .
Some publications are available in print or electronically.
Some publications are available in Spanish and on audiocassette for the visually impaired.
Some publications are available in Spanish or other languages.
Some publications are available in Spanish.
Some publications are available on diskette and an order form is provided.
Some publications are available on diskette.
Some publications are available on the web site.
Some publications are available on the web.
Some publications are available online for free.
Some publications are available on-line, but most are for sale.
Some publications are available on-line.
Some publications are available online.
Some publications are available only while supplies last.
Some publications are available to view online.
Some publications are available.
Some publications are composite, and pertain to more than one class.
Some publications are currently available online .
Some publications are facsimile reprints of rare, old publications.
Some publications are free and others marked with an asterisk have a small charge of five dollars.
Some publications are free for a single copy, and others carry a nominal fee.
Some publications are free for download.
Some publications are free to conference delegates and members of specific committees.
Some publications are free, while others are available for a modest charge.
Some publications are free.
Some publications are highly technical, aimed at maintenance and restoration.
Some publications are in pdf format to make reading and printing easier.
Some publications are in Spanish.
Some publications are less reliable, authoritative, and accurate than others.
Some publications are new, others are older.
Some publications are on line.
Some publications are online and most can be ordered.
Some publications are online fulltext, but most can be ordered at no cost.
Some publications are only available in hardcopy.
Some publications are only available on exchange.
Some publications are such prudes.
Some publications ask for ascii or .txt or .doc formats.
Some publications ask for language rights rather than geographic rights.
Some publications begin in pomp and splendor, while others start out modestly.
Some publications buy second rights.
Some publications carry no fee at all.
Some publications come with permission to copy.
Some publications contain both types of information.
Some publications contain information.
Some publications cover management techniques.
Some publications cover only a few years.
Some publications cover techniques.
Some publications describe behavior.
Some publications describe consequences.
Some publications describe development.
Some publications describe early development.
Some publications describe types.
Some publications deserve to be permanently bound rather than stuck in a folder.
Some publications discuss biology.
Some publications discuss impact.
Some publications discuss requirements.
Some publications emphasize the health and environmental effects of the chemicals.
Some publications even have yearly salary surveys that offer a national perspective.
Some publications explore the radical limits of libertarian ideas.
Some publications fill with stories.
Some publications focus on specific legal transactions.
Some publications go straight to web.
Some publications has a copy of the record.
Some publications have a cost.
Some publications have a specific way they want the acknowledgment to read.
Some publications have an abstract.
Some publications have catalog hypertext links.
Some publications have individual testing Web sites.
Some publications have links to their abstract or to the complete paper.
Some publications have three to four month lead time.
Some publications help producers.
Some publications help soybean producers.
Some publications intentionally avoid tests that yield definitive performance numbers.
Some publications italicize cultivar names.
Some publications just answer with a form letter.
Some publications list people who have seeds to swap.
Some publications listed below are for discontinued products.
Some publications listed have full text available online as .pdf files.
Some publications listed have full text available online.
Some publications manage to see print without authorization.
Some publications offer free, fully searchable archives.
Some publications only have abstracts.
Some publications permit an e-mail address instead.
Some publications print short articles about who was funded for what.
Some publications provide assistance.
Some publications provide care.
Some publications provide corrosion.
Some publications provide full text and some provide tables of contents and abstracts.
Some publications provide overviews.
Some publications rattle off statistics and probabilities and numbers numbers numbers.
Some publications refer to the rural South but can be applied to Oregon.
Some publications refuse to budge on all-rights contracts, but others are more willing to negotiate.
Some publications regularly review internet resources .
Some publications relate to impact.
Some publications relate to management.
Some publications relate to soybean aphid management.
Some publications require a fee to cover duplication expenses.
Some publications say it's one of the best fishing beaches on the coast.
Some publications show effects.
Some publications simply report the news.
Some publications take a few weeks, others months.
Some publications take more than six months to respond.
Some publications tell writers to assume readers have no more than an eighth grade education.
Some publications use figures for all numbers in an address.
A publicist is a communicator
Publicists are communicators.
Publicists are creative people.
Publicists are mostly female, again working 'intimately' with clients.
Publicists are responsible for errors, have no editors.
Publicists are simply there to provide love.
Publicists call it a world in one country, and that s little exaggeration.
Publicists can also works as independents hired by an artist as manager or agent.
Publicists can submit press releases to the listing, which makes for an eclectic mix of events.
Publicists deliberately pick out-of context, positive quotes.
Publicists know what lead times are in the venues they are trying to obtain coverage.
Publicists normally get the raw end of the stick.
Publicists provide and present information to the media in the accepted, correct format.
Publicists say customers can opt out at any time after registering.
Publicists say the salary negotiations continue in good faith.
Publicists spend countless hours planning strategies, developing events, writing copy, and pitching.
Some publicists also negotiate sponsorships and other marketing deals.
Some publicists charge by the hour and mark up bills.
Some publicists craft a separate press release for each city, which if fine.
Some publicists require an expense deposit up front.
Publicity photos are available here.
Publicity rights can continue after death in some states.
Publicity adds up to a kind of philosophical system.
Publicity also has an effect on stock prices.
Publicity also helps inventors find investors.
Publicity also informs nonmembers of the society's existence.
Publicity being universal and universal being mechanic then publicity is mechanic.
Publicity brings in more readers than can be served and more books than can be organised.
Publicity builds brands and advertising maintains brands.
Publicity can accomplish a lot.
Publicity can be a substantial up front cost for any event when all Young friends are to be invited.
Publicity can be as simple as word of mouth or a poster displayed in a neighborhood.
Publicity can be either positive or negative.
Publicity can be good for business, or it can be bad.
Publicity can be in print media, at meetings, and on public documents.
Publicity can be more effective than ordinary advertising.
Publicity can help deter the other side from committing fraud.
Publicity can only attract vandals, treasure seekers and collectors of artifacts.
Publicity can really use a lot of help.
Publicity can sometimes be free and can also be good or bad.
Publicity can turn an ordinary company into a booming business.
Publicity can turn the tide.
Publicity comes as a side issue, really.
Publicity continues to improve in Greene County.
Publicity Coordinates the advertising for organizational events.
Publicity costs much less than advertising.
Publicity Develop a plan to reach the media.
Publicity differs from advertising because it is free.
Publicity discourages attendees from using scented products.
Publicity does different things for different people.
Publicity equals growth.
Publicity exerts an enormous influence and is a political phenomenon of great importance.
Publicity generates interest in the society that in turn creates interest in giving.
Publicity has another important social function.
Publicity has greater credibility than advertising.
Publicity has many factors.
Publicity helps as well.
Publicity helps the label sell records and produce income.
Publicity helps to mask and compensate for all that is undemocratic within society.
Publicity holds more weight than advertising.
Publicity includes roadside signs indicating the farmer is participating in the program.
Publicity is a crucial part of the planning process.
Publicity is a great tool for building awareness, gaining exposure and third party credibility.
Publicity is a great way to benefit a cause.
Publicity is a key element in the success of any end user program.
Publicity is a key ingredient.
Publicity is a key.
Publicity is a lot more than just slapping a poster on a few bulletin boards.
Publicity is a major factor of freedom amd only through their freedom are humans human.
Publicity is a message
Publicity is a potent persuader.
Publicity is a process Like all valuable marketing tools, getting publicity takes time.
Publicity is a time consuming effort.
Publicity is a way to generate exposure without the expense of advertising.
Publicity is a wonderful tool, but it can be misleading.
Publicity is about education.
Publicity is about getting people to people to care.
Publicity is about making and keeping relationships with the press.
Publicity is also available through event and program sponsorships.
Publicity is also important.
Publicity is always key in a congregationally-based campus ministry.
Publicity is an additional sin.
Publicity is an important element for all of the key messages.
Publicity is an important factor.
Publicity is an intrinsic part of any event organization.
Publicity is an ongoing process with a cumulative result.
Publicity is an open door for music promotion.
Publicity is another good investment.
Publicity is another notable effort.
Publicity is any unpaid form of nonpersonal presentation of ideas, goods, or services.
Publicity is avoided as proceedings are private.
Publicity is crucial to ensure that the system is used.
Publicity is crucial.
Publicity is death to people involved in secret intelligence work.
Publicity is delivered before client fees are paid.
Publicity is different from advertising.
Publicity is done by flyers, word of mouth and press releases.
Publicity is essential for the institute's work.
Publicity is essential in the community before opening new church.
Publicity is essentially eventless .
Publicity is essentially free advertising.
Publicity is everywhere too.
Publicity is for others.
Publicity is free advertising for the business.
Publicity is FREE advertising.
Publicity is free.
Publicity is fun.
Publicity is good.
Publicity is greatly different than advertising.
Publicity is important because it is the only part of the marketing program that builds credibility.
Publicity is important to let faculty know what's available.
Publicity is important, advertise for the program about two weeks prior.
Publicity is important.
Publicity is in hand.
Publicity is indeed the key to our survival.
Publicity is intended to give information about events as they occur.
Publicity is just about ready to send out the newsletter.
Publicity is just one reason presidential hopefuls love visiting college campuses.
Publicity is key here.
Publicity is key to the success of the event.
Publicity is key.
Publicity is merely one part of putting on a con, one of many parts that makes a sound whole.
Publicity is more about soft marketing, timing and formalities.
Publicity is more by word of mouth than anything else.
Publicity is more than just having a website.
Publicity is more than just receiving press coverage.
Publicity is necessary for the sport to survive.
Publicity is needed for open days and degree-days.
Publicity is NEWS .
Publicity is often the most effective weapon against violations of human rights.
Publicity is one aspect of a good public relations program.
Publicity is one of the best and most cost-effective site marketing tools.
Publicity is one of the major benefits that a monitoring project can offer to sponsors.
Publicity is one of the most important parts of club operation.
Publicity is one reason why it has so far succeeded where so many others have failed.
Publicity is one-way communication.
Publicity is only one function of public relations.
Publicity is only to let ALL women pilots know about the race.
Publicity is our best and perhaps the only weapon of defence.
Publicity is our best secret weapon.
Publicity is our most important vehicle for sales.
Publicity is planned for newspaper and television media.
Publicity is powerful, but it is also unpredictable.
Publicity is priceless.
Publicity is quality.
Publicity is released on winners.
Publicity is remarkably different than advertising.
Publicity is reponsible for making sure that everyone knows who is doing what when.
Publicity is required.
Publicity is such a double-edged sword.
Publicity is the answer.
Publicity is the coverage of new products, services, ideas, and activities by the media.
Publicity is the familiar approach.
Publicity is the key to establishing marketplace credibility.
Publicity is the key.
Publicity is the most cost-effective marketing tool, plus it builds credibility.
Publicity is the other, and much less costly, way.
Publicity is the promoter's responsibility.
Publicity is the responsibility of any group reserving the meeting rooms.
Publicity is the responsibility of groups booking meeting rooms.
Publicity is the responsibility of the group booking the meeting rooms.
Publicity is the responsibility of the individual or group reserving the meeting space.
Publicity is the responsibility of the sponsoring organization.
Publicity is the single biggest factor in getting a book sold.
Publicity is the soul of religion, since religion is light.
Publicity is their life line.
Publicity is there to create false needs, which mask our real desires.
Publicity is to be given to withdrawal or modification of an approval.
Publicity is undoubtedly an extremely potent method of opposing suppression.
Publicity is unpredictable.
Publicity is valuable - The focus of newspapers and cameras helped deliver the message to everyone.
Publicity is very important for the club.
Publicity is very important.
Publicity is what makes it work.
Publicity Make a press release .
Publicity needs a list of lower sproul and golden bear gig performers soon to start publicity.
Publicity needs to be ready well in advance.
Publicity needs to be well-funded and properly targeted.
Publicity needs to make posters to advertise the banquet.
Publicity needs to work both ways.
Publicity Never underestimate the power of the media.
Publicity now means the media are merely pimps for the film.
Publicity offers no such guarantees.
Publicity prevents abuses of a single judge's power.
Publicity provides an open door for music promotion.
Publicity regarding the programs is handled more efficiently.
Publicity releases from Jewish institutions.
Publicity requires reach and repetition.
Publicity rescues people tangled in the hopeless mazes of government and bureaucracy.
Publicity sells books.
Publicity sends copies of the galleys to reviewers and gathers quotes for the book jacket.
Publicity starts with a news release.
Publicity starts with good information about local media and other contacts.
Publicity starts with the designation of one person to be in charge of publicity for the class.
Publicity still needs to be done.
Publicity takes a lot of time.
Publicity teaches how to work with the media to get the message to the community.
Publicity triggers the corporate immune system.
Publicity turns consumption into a substitute for democracy.
Publicity works, and it is highly credible.
All publicity is good publicity.
All publicity is good, except an obituary notice.
All publicity is good.
Any publicity helps.
Any publicity is . . .
Any publicity is good publicity but spell the name right.
Any publicity is good publicity.
More publicity usually means more endorsements and other money-making opportunities.
More publicity usually translates into more sales.
More publicity aimed at users is needed to boost use.
More publicity helps to generate more donors.
More publicity is needed to increase participation.
More publicity is needed.
More publicity means more recruits.
More publicity means more tourism.
Most publicity is good publicity.
Some publicity is nice.
Publish bid sets electronically for easy review, purchase or downloading by interested bidders.
Publish census dates well in advance so everyone is informed.
Some publish companies publish books.
Publish course work to web page.
Publish date is the first week of each month.
Publish design guides on residential layout .
Publish houses have books.
Most publish houses have books.
Publish press releases outlining the benefits of increased office space.
Publish slide shows within the classroom.
Publish students works outside door of classroom or on bulletin boards in classroom.
Publish study reports, working papers, and newsletters in Chinese and English, on-line and on paper.
Publish teacher modules to the external Internet site.
Publish technology handbooks.
Publishes Advances online journal of mind-body health.
Publishes breed rescue list for So.
Publishes bridal, fashion, home, health, and other special-interest supplements.
Publishes calls for submissions, agent information, book signing dates, and lots of links.
Publishes episource, a guide to resources.
Publishes essays on all aspects of the Middle Ages.
Publishes essays on topics including learning theories, teacher training, and moral education.
Publishes guide to self-promotion for authors and annual list of books in print by members.
Publishes is of the highest quality.
Publishes leaflets on a range of sexual health issues.
Publishes newsletter twice a year.
Publishes own research and writing, both scholarly and journalistic.
Publishes plays for secondary and school markets, and plays for mainstream churches.
Publishes quarterly tabloid.
Publishes reports containng commercial, industrial and residential multi-family project information.
Publishes reports on technical and policy issues relating to energy efficiency.
Publishes reports on the condition and status of women in the world.
Publishes reports on toxicity research on specific chemicals.
Publishes resumes of prospective . .
Publishes review articles of recently published books in education.
Publishes show photos with detailed descriptions.
Publishes work by forum members.
Publishes work by local writers and artists, business news, events listings.
Publishes works from students and professionals.
Publishes works on Bible, theology, etc.
Publishes works online.
Published book can be a single family history book or a class family history book.
A publisher is a firm
Publisher accepts no responsibility for errors in key numbers or other type set by publisher.
Publisher accepts no responsibility for return or safety of artwork, photographs, or manuscripts.
Publisher accepts submissions from previously unpublished authors.
Publisher actually has a range of contracts depending on the relative innocence of the author.
Publisher agrees to pay author a percentage of each book sold.
Publisher agrees to supply sales statistics at author's request.
Publisher also can trap text differently over different backgrounds.
Publisher also has a number of tools for managing internal and external site links.
Publisher also has tons of already cool fonts in it and is easy to use.
Publisher also reserves the right to limit quantity of ads submitted by any individual.
Publisher also runs a ticket service.
Publisher also sells companion worksheets.
Publisher also traps drop caps.
Publisher arranges other printer's marks as necessary.
Publisher asserts that the paper has been written according to peer-reviewable standards.
Publisher assumes no liability for errors in key numbers on advertising pages.
Publisher assumes no liability for errors in key numbers or advertisers index.
Publisher assumes no liability for film or mechanicals beyond the normal careful handling.
Publisher assumes no liability for omission of advertising.
Publisher assumes no liability if for any reason it becomes necessary to omit an ad.
Publisher assumes no liability if for any reason it becomes necessary to omit an advertisement.
Publisher assumes no responsibility for error on copy submitted after publishing deadlines.
Publisher assumes no responsibility for errors in reader service numbers or advertising index.
Publisher assumes no responsibility for errors or omissions of copy.
Publisher assumes no responsibility for materials unclaimed six months after date of publication.
Publisher assumes no responsibility for return of unsolicited manuscripts, photos or artwork.
Publisher assumes no responsibility for return of unsolicited manuscripts, photos, or artwork.
Publisher assumes no responsibility for return of unsolicited manuscripts,photos, or artwork.
Publisher assumes no responsibility for unsolicited malerial.
Publisher assumes no responsibility for unsolicited material.
Publisher assumes no responsibility for unsolicited materials.
Publisher assumes no responsibilty for return of unsolicited manuscripts, photos, or artwork.
Publisher assumes responsibility only for the first appearance of an incorrect ad.
Publisher assumes that all photographs and endorsements have been covered by written consent.
Publisher begins to compile the page.
Publisher can also trap differently over different backgrounds.
Publisher can anticipate amount of access to system.
Publisher can assist in the production of ads.
Publisher can use larger type for the contact information.
Publisher contains the place of publication, publisher, and publication date of a work.
Publisher decides, based on advance sales, advance paid, etc. how many to print.
Publisher decides, based on advance sales, advance paid, etc., how many to print.
Publisher develops market research initiatives for client presentations.
Publisher disclaims all responsibility for errors or omissions.
Publisher disclaims any and all responsibility for omissions and errors.
Publisher disclaims any and all warranties, either express or implied.
Publisher disclaims responsibility for facts and opinions contained herein.
Publisher distributes the text to the general public.
Publisher encourages readers to forward newsletter as long as information is attributed.
Publisher Enter all or the main part of the publisher name.
Publisher Enter the publisher's name or a keyword in the publisher's name if it has more than word.
Publisher Enter the publisher's name or any word from the publisher's name.
Publisher further complicates the matter.
Publisher gets angry and sets another deadline.
Publisher gets irritable when first deadline passes.
Publisher gives small-business owners tools to create publications that are uniquely their own.
Publisher guarantees uniform rates to all advertisers using same amount and kind of space.
Publisher has all the control There are hundreds of games released each year.
Publisher has even more.
Publisher has final approval of any and all cover art.
Publisher has final approval on all art used, in consultation with author.
Publisher has no intent of abiding by any laws of any other state or nation.
Publisher has no liability for errors in the advertisers' index.
Publisher has right to cancel the agreement between author and publisher at any point of time.
Publisher has the right of final approval of the revised manuscript.
Publisher has the right to accept or reject any manuscript.
Publisher has the right to refuse advertising.
Publisher has the right to refuse any ad.
Publisher has the right to reject any advertisements based on content.
Publisher hopes to publish a chapter from the book in the near future.
Publisher includes a visual gallery for choosing publications.
Publisher is a good choice for creating documents with complicated layouts and lots of pictures.
Publisher is a powerful, yet easy to use, desktop publishing program.
Publisher is a very easy program to learn and use.
Publisher is adept at rearranging information in several ways.
Publisher is an easy to use, inexpensive desktop publishing tool.
Publisher is an excellent tool for the development of flyers, brochures, newsletters and more.
Publisher is an impressive bridge between hand-coding and graphical web design tools.
Publisher is an independent, non-profit organization.
Publisher is author.
Publisher is easy to use and has worked equally well in writing to disks and in retrieving data.
Publisher is happy, and pays writer copious amounts of money.
Publisher is included for books and conferences.
Publisher is lower end, but more user friendly.
Publisher is most responsive to author s requests.
Publisher is much easier to use, however.
Publisher is perfect for all projects- business, home, club, charity and school.
Publisher is perfect for many business projects.
Publisher is previous entreprenuer and current management consultant.
Publisher is restless and desires to move on.
Publisher is so slick because it offers hundreds of snappy designs, and produces dependable results.
Publisher is solid and has big pockets.
Publisher is unknown.
Publisher is very flexible.
Publisher limits access to specific building locations.
Publisher makes no promises or guarantees regarding estimated sales figures.
Publisher negotiates a cash settlement.
Publisher Note the publisher.
Publisher obtains authors' permission to supply all reprints.
Publisher offers numerous folio infobases containing municipal codes.
Publisher only assumes responsibility for the first appearance of an incorrect ad.
Publisher only creates traps when printing separations.
Publisher only has access to campaign data that is collected through the use of their inventory.
Publisher parses the system time to the display format selected by the user.
Publisher prints tints as a screen, or percentage, of a solid ink color.
Publisher provides advertisers with traffic levels only as a courtesy to the advertiser.
Publisher requires registration.
Publisher reserves the right to accept or refuse any editorial or advertising materials.
Publisher reserves the right to accept or reject a new section title.
Publisher reserves the right to accept or reject any advertising submitted.
Publisher reserves the right to accept or reject any copy submitted for publication.
Publisher reserves the right to accept or reject extra heavy inserts.
Publisher reserves the right to add or delete ad positions as deemed necessary.
Publisher reserves the right to adjust in full any error by publishing a corrected insertion.
Publisher reserves the right to amend the terms, conditions, rates, etc.
Publisher reserves the right to approve all copy.
Publisher reserves the right to assign all advertising space.
Publisher reserves the right to assign delinquent accounts to established collection services.
Publisher reserves the right to cancel any ad at any time.
Publisher reserves the right to cancel any advertisement at any time.
Publisher reserves the right to cancel or reject any advertising for any reason.
Publisher reserves the right to change advertising rates and conditions at any time.
Publisher reserves the right to change advertising rates at any time.
Publisher reserves the right to change formats with three months notice.
Publisher reserves the right to change or refuse advertising.
Publisher reserves the right to choose samples to be sent from available stock.
Publisher reserves the right to classify ads under appropriate headings.
Publisher reserves the right to deny rental of lists if use is deemed inappropriate.
Publisher reserves the right to determine page location of all advertisements.
Publisher reserves the right to determine qualification for a free subscription.
Publisher reserves the right to determine qualification for free subscription.
Publisher reserves the right to determine qualification of free subscriptions.
Publisher reserves the right to determine qualification.
Publisher reserves the right to determine qualifications.
Publisher reserves the right to edit ad.
Publisher reserves the right to edit or reject advertising copy or cancel any advertisement.
Publisher reserves the right to edit or reject copy.
Publisher reserves the right to edit or rewrite the blurb submitted by the Author.
Publisher reserves the right to edit, reject or comment editorially on all material contributed.
Publisher reserves the right to edit, reject or reclassify all classified ads without prior notice.
Publisher reserves the right to edit, revise or reject any advertising.
Publisher reserves the right to establish credit limits and to request payment in advance.
Publisher reserves the right to exclude any advertisement.
Publisher reserves the right to final approval of the revised manuscript.
Publisher reserves the right to insert above any copy the word advertisement.
Publisher reserves the right to insert the word advertisement in all ads.
Publisher reserves the right to limit the number of complimentary subscriptions.
Publisher reserves the right to limit the size of the space to be occupied by the advertisement.
Publisher reserves the right to make changes.
Publisher reserves the right to match special color requests with process inks.
Publisher reserves the right to match the second color using process colors.
Publisher reserves the right to modify the title after conferring with the principle author.
Publisher reserves the right to place multiple advertisements on one page.
Publisher reserves the right to position two ads to a page with editorial feature separating ads.
Publisher reserves the right to publish, in whole or in part, all letters received.
Publisher reserves the right to refuse ads until balance is paid.
Publisher reserves the right to refuse advertising.
Publisher reserves the right to refuse any ad.
Publisher reserves the right to refuse any advertisement.
Publisher reserves the right to refuse any or all advertisements.
Publisher reserves the right to refuse any or all copy deemed by the publisher to be unsuitable.
Publisher reserves the right to refuse e-mail subscription of the National schedule.
Publisher reserves the right to refuse non-industry subscriptions and advertising.
Publisher reserves the right to refuse non-qualified recipients.
Publisher reserves the right to refuse or cancel any advertising for any reason and at any time.
Publisher reserves the right to refuse or revise any and all copy for any reason.
Publisher reserves the right to refuse or revise any and all copy or preprint for any reason.
Publisher reserves the right to refuse service to anyone.
Publisher reserves the right to reject ad cancellation requests.
Publisher reserves the right to reject advertising copy.
Publisher reserves the right to reject advertising for any reason.
Publisher reserves the right to reject advertising matter.
Publisher reserves the right to reject advertising.
Publisher reserves the right to reject an advertisement at any time.
Publisher reserves the right to reject any ad.
Publisher reserves the right to reject any advertisement deemed objectionable or misleading.
Publisher reserves the right to reject any advertisement deemed unsuitable for publication.
Publisher reserves the right to reject any advertisement.
Publisher reserves the right to reject any advertising considered unsuitable for publication.
Publisher reserves the right to reject any advertising.
Publisher reserves the right to reject content deemed objectionable or deceptive.
Publisher reserves the right to reject faulty or improperly prepared materials.
Publisher reserves the right to reject incomplete or unqualified requests.
Publisher reserves the right to reject nonqualified subscriptions.
Publisher reserves the right to reject objectionable copy.
Publisher reserves the right to reject or cancel advertising at any time.
Publisher reserves the right to reject or cancel an advertisement or insertion order.
Publisher reserves the right to reject or cancel any advertisement at any time.
Publisher reserves the right to reject or cancel any advertising at any time.
Publisher reserves the right to reject or cancel any value-added opportunities offered.
Publisher reserves the right to reject or omit any advertising for any reason.
Publisher reserves the right to reject or omit without notice any advertisement at any time.
Publisher reserves the right to reject or to cancel any advertisement at any time.
Publisher reserves the right to reject, discontinue, or omit any advertising or any part thereof.
Publisher reserves the right to reposition ads according to space requirements.
Publisher reserves the right to require completion of business opportunity questionnaire.
Publisher reserves the right to require four-color on premium positions.
Publisher reserves the right to revise or reject any ad deemed unsuitable for publication.
Publisher reserves the right to revise, reject or cancel any advertisment at any time.
Publisher reserves the right to select ad location unless advertiser pays for a special position.
Publisher reserves the right to select ad location unless advertiser pays for preferred location.
Publisher reserves the right to select ad location unless advertiser pays for preferred position.
Publisher reserves the right to select ad location unless advertiser pays for special position.
Publisher reserves the right to service only qualified subscriptions.
Publisher reserves the right to withhold placement of unpaid advertising.
Publisher reserves the tight to reject or cancel any advertising for any reason at any time.
Publisher retains the right to reproduce the work and prepare derivations based on it.
Publisher searches the publisher field.
Publisher seeks distributor specializing in the truckstop and travel plaza market.
Publisher selects everything in the box.
Publisher sends book to reviewers, radio stations, newspapers with a press release.
Publisher sends invoice with shipment.
Publisher sets prices by number of simultaneous users.
Publisher Specify the name of the publisher.
Publisher supplies all reprints.
Publisher Take the publisher from the title page or chief source of information .
Publisher tells writer to finish current chapter by the end of the month.
Publisher then sits back and counts the money as it comes roling in.
Publisher updates on a daily basis.
Publisher uses a separate default width to trap to indeterminate backgrounds.
Publisher uses CMYK values only when color separations are printed.
Publisher uses keepaway traps to trap text reversed out of a rich black background.
Publisher works great for creating cards, brochures, certificates, banners, and more.
Publishers accept no responsibility for colour accuracy unless chromalin proofs supplied.
Publishers acknowledge that responsible libraries engage in interlibrary loan.
Publishers add events to the calendar.
Publishers advertise the availability of a audio file in a centralized catalog.
Publishers allocate ISBN to their own titles from pre-assigned blocks of numbers.
Publishers allocate ISBNs to their own titles from pre-assigned blocks of numbers.
Publishers alone lack the content expertise.
Publishers also can update CD-ROM textbooks more easily than traditional textbooks.
Publishers also have control over which campaigns they participate in.
Publishers also have needs.
Publishers also have their part to play.
Publishers also learn to identify problems of their own.
Publishers also perform content updates originating from the source.
Publishers also reach booksellers with their advertising.
Publishers also update their materials with greater frequency and offer more specialized resources.
Publishers appear across the page.
Publishers appear in parentheses.
Publishers apply early each year for assistance for eligible titles proposed for that calendar year.
Publishers approach leading practitioners and teams of up to five co-authors are commissioned.
Publishers are able to expand their readership, and possibly add new subscribers.
Publishers are afraid to offend cigarette advertisers.
Publishers are all too aware of the shift.
Publishers are also able to 'download' the enhanced metadata for use in their own systems.
Publishers are also guilty of revising history on the Internet.
Publishers are also much more receptive.
Publishers are also on board.
Publishers are always welcome to submit an ebook listing anytime.
Publishers are an unimaginative lot.
Publishers are busy people who have deadlines to meet.
Publishers are cheap.
Publishers are circumspect about how much of their product actually comes from computers.
Publishers are concerned about user acceptance, asset protection, and accounting.
Publishers are encourage to explore different models.
Publishers are firms.
Publishers are fond of series because they build awareness and momentum in the marketplace.
Publishers are generally conservative in outlook.
Publishers are great at supplying - material.
Publishers are happy to exchange old challenges under communism for new ones.
Publishers are in business to be profitable.
Publishers are in business to make money, and they want to pay as little as possible.
Publishers are in the business of obsoleting the current editions of books.
Publishers are in the business of publishing books.
Publishers are in the business of selling newspapers and newspapers can be an important news source.
Publishers are interested in a writer who's done celebrity profiles before.
Publishers are interested in both published and unpublished work in a portfolio.
Publishers are interested in faithful replications.
Publishers are interested in songs that have original words and music.
Publishers are just service providers.
Publishers are less than enthusiastic about the movement.
Publishers are liable same as the author.
Publishers are like agents.
Publishers are likely to consider such material as having been already published.
Publishers are more congenial toward genre works, detective novels, crime novels.
Publishers are more conservative than they have been in the last twenty years.
Publishers are more likely to invest in an author who promises to be fresh and prolific.
Publishers are naturally leery of taking a risk on an unproven commodity.
Publishers are nervous and apprehensive about moving the industry online.
Publishers are notorious for abruptly discontinuing books.
Publishers are notorious for listing the author's other books out of order.
Publishers are notoriously bad in figuring out their markets.
Publishers are often the fastest source.
Publishers are often willing to submit three copies of a book on behalf of the author.
Publishers are owners.
Publishers are part of the science community.
Publishers are people who know when to cut.
Publishers are printers and foot the marketing bill.
Publishers are professionals.
Publishers are ready.
Publishers are responsible for assuring pages and links remain current and are functioning properly.
Publishers are responsible for marketing and distributing the work.
Publishers are sheep.
Publishers are sick kittens compared to the moguls.
Publishers are the ones who enter events.
Publishers are too cheap.
Publishers are too narrow minded.
Publishers are too slow to get into the market the cultural capital they sell.
Publishers are truly grateful to have their books reviewed.
Publishers are very aggressive in policing the use of their materials.
Publishers are welcome and all images are available to lease for stock use.
Publishers are welcome to inquire as well.
Publishers are welcome to use the college's color palette for individual page design.
Publishers are welcome.
Publishers are willing again to publish oral materials.
Publishers are, for the most part, thrilled to send out books for review.
Publishers are, of course, loath to commit themselves to a definite time limit.
Publishers assign ISBNs to books to simplify and expedite their ordering and purchase.
Publishers assume no responsibility for return of unsolicited materials.
Publishers become the responsible party for billing purposes.
Publishers benefit because they get a much bigger bang for the buck.
Publishers blame a declining market, reflecting declining library resources.
Publishers bring many elements into the equation.
Publishers Build an interactive site by creating online sweepstakes, contests, and readership polls.
Publishers can also access usage data for their journals.
Publishers can also export survey results to a delimited file for use in other applications.
Publishers can also restrict ads by domain name.
Publishers can also take advantage of fans' affinities by selling licensed merchandise.
Publishers can also use forms to collect data and valuable information from users.
Publishers can always re-evaluate the contract at renewal time.
Publishers can and do run out of books.
Publishers can assign the DOI to any level of work or product.
Publishers can assist in getting a recording deal for a songwriter that is also a performing artist.
Publishers can avoid returns and maintain a good reputation by tracking the quality of their discs.
Publishers can charge per-usage fee.
Publishers can control the taxonomy as well as the main display window.
Publishers can create more personal and customized titles.
Publishers can create permissions with the book, like no printing or no copying to a disk.
Publishers can customize Largo to meet their individual needs.
Publishers can destroy the fate of a book if they do it in the wrong size print.
Publishers can do the same thing, making their backlist potentially more valuable.
Publishers can expect appropriate printers to respond positively to serious requests for tenders.
Publishers can forecast demand for their books by checking inventory levels at various bookstores.
Publishers can get a writer's songs recorded by recording artists.
Publishers can get songs placed in film, TV, advertisements and the like.
Publishers can have a piece.
Publishers can have their ad listed for an ad swap.
Publishers can help by taking a generous approach to educational and research reuse by others.
Publishers can hire freelancers to fill pages less expensively than staff writers.
Publishers can increase or decrease the number of impressions on a daily basis.
Publishers can integrate new offerings from sponsors into their site in minutes.
Publishers can keep popular books in our memories by keeping books in print.
Publishers can leverage the talents of any number of authors to build multiple websites.
Publishers can limit how many users can open a single infobase at any one time.
Publishers can list their ezines for a nominal fee.
Publishers can market their books, guidelines and requirements for publication.
Publishers can no longer rely on the same old methods to market themselves.
Publishers can now effectively manage ten times more content using a confederation of databases.
Publishers can now specify multiple print times in the same day.
Publishers can offset a considerable portion of their expenses with a good serial sale.
Publishers can possibly find a good author while browsing.
Publishers can register works online.
Publishers can schedule delivery as desired, whether it's days, hours or minutes in advance.
Publishers can sell access to their textbooks off of their web-site.
Publishers can sell books to more markets at less volume for more profit.
Publishers can send updates as frequently as they wish.
Publishers can spot phoniness in a minute.
Publishers can submit finished copies of their books for consideration.
Publishers can submit finished copies of their books for review when they are published.
Publishers can thank themselves for that development too.
Publishers cease to exist if they stop buying manuscripts.
Publishers celebrate while parents scramble for child-rearing wisdom.
Publishers Check out our list of publishers and agents .
Publishers choose the distribution form, market, and audience.
Publishers choose what numbers to assign to which books following their prefixes.
Publishers claim they are absorbing the higher costs required by bigger books to cover options.
Publishers clearly believe new work is worth celebrating.
Publishers click here .
Publishers come and go.
Publishers confront postal-reclassification hurdles and show they can make the jumps.
Publishers consider comments carefully and are committed to correcting any errors.
Publishers consider material and make a conscious decision to distribute.
Publishers constantly request photographs for magazine covers and features in their magazines.
Publishers continue to consolidate into very large firms.
Publishers continue to use new formats and software.
Publishers continues to contribute editorial opinions.
Publishers control access to their content.
Publishers correct the error as soon as feasible.
Publishers costume info.
Publishers costume information.
Publishers deal in the delivery of hard copy.
Publishers deal with the issue of reprints in a variety of different ways.
Publishers decide which channels they offer on their site.
Publishers definitely prefer that instructors write for their own desk copies.
Publishers deliberately print excessive numbers of magazines to maximize advertising rates.
Publishers demand accuracy on inserts, because their clients demand accuracy.
Publishers depend on agents to sniff out the next blockbuster.
Publishers depend on authors, the original creators of everything they publish.
Publishers detail their latest article and content needs.
Publishers determine the length of the subscription period for each publication.
Publishers determine the number of available back issues.
Publishers develop content strategies and editorial schedules.
Publishers display the latest educational materials.
Publishers do issue new textbook editions quite frequently.
Publishers do most of their own layout.
Publishers do move from time to time because of expansion or mergers, among other reasons.
Publishers do take such information to heart and try to improve their product accordingly.
Publishers do the work from there.
Publishers do well, children, when bright, can come top.
Publishers donate most of the kits and textbooks.
Publishers earn money and get FREE website stats.
Publishers electing to participate can sponsor up to three workshops.
Publishers establish the rights for printing.
Publishers Evaluate potential advertisers.
Publishers expect authors to bear the responsibility of the editing of their manuscripts.
Publishers expect that they are the sole owners.
Publishers expect the industry campaign to help assure their newspapers' futures, too.
Publishers expect to be rewarded with strong revenue and higher profit.
Publishers face the prospect of converting all manner of products and processes to electronic forms.
Publishers feel inundated with unsought manuscripts, and frankly, most are never read.
Publishers feel no obligation to notify authors of the publication of their novels or stories.
Publishers finally start to get it.
Publishers find little help there.
Publishers Find people.
Publishers first issue a book in hardback and only later in paperback.
Publishers focus their resources on such books, and tend to neglect the rest of their catalogues.
Publishers generally offer access to their journals through their own web pages.
Publishers generally spend very little on promotion.
Publishers generate money by charging advertising on their individual web sites.
Publishers get a huge portion of their income from repeat customers.
Publishers get cold feet.
Publishers get the benefit of having traffic sent straight to their order pages.
Publishers get thousands of manuscript submissions a year, and almost as many art samples.
Publishers gets thousands of unsolicited manuscripts.
Publishers hail the technology because it eliminates warehousing costs.
Publishers has information about ordering books.
Publishers have a credibility that comes with publishing a good ezine.
Publishers have a guide, review that journal, look at their style.
Publishers have a legal obligation to print the verifiable truth.
Publishers have a new approach to information and see inter library loan as 'inter library theft' .
Publishers have a publisher name and e-mail address, which are strings.
Publishers have a responsibility to their authors to ensure that their moral rights are upheld.
Publishers have almost as many ways to designate firsts as they do titles.
Publishers have different amounts of space available for an article every time they publish.
Publishers have different requirements for submissions from outside developers.
Publishers have freedom and choice of content.
Publishers have interesting ways of doing accounting.
Publishers have large and hungry business departments, and they almost always win.
Publishers have little fear of libel suits in the current chaotic climate.
Publishers have long memories when it comes to such offenses.
Publishers have no financial motive to publish on the internet.
Publishers have no obligations to update such formats.
Publishers have no s to give away.
Publishers have other people handle their output.
Publishers have quotas in various genres.
Publishers have reputations for integrity in producing materials that are useful and trustworthy.
Publishers have seen what happened to music once it hit the Internet, so now they're nervous.
Publishers have special challenges on the web.
Publishers have the ability to select any banners, links and categories that for their site.
Publishers have the choice of printing references as endnotes or footnotes.
Publishers have the right to decide what they wil publish, and even how.
Publishers have the right to refuse advertising for any reason.
Publishers have the same problems that users have pricing models and access.
Publishers have their identities hidden with pseudonyms and can publish without fear of reprisal.
Publishers have their own area within the exhibition and separate rules from other exhibitors.
Publishers have to do that because children are watching movies rather than reading.
Publishers have to have books to sell.
Publishers have to keep costs down and that usually means using less paper.
Publishers have to learn to pinpoint markets and promote books.
Publishers have to spend less than they take in.
Publishers have various cancellation deadlines for subscriptions.
Publishers Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Publishers Here are a few links to academic publishers and catalogs .
Publishers hold a special corroboree.
Publishers host the ads, sending traffic to the advertisers' sites.
Publishers incur substantial costs before a book is actually published.
Publishers introduce a large number of trade books about science each year.
Publishers invest their money in the best product they can find.
Publishers is a site which reviews children's software.
Publishers is an exciting and new Australasian publishing house.
Publishers is an exciting Australasian publishing house, offering poetry and short fiction.
Publishers is one of the oldest book businesses in England.
Publishers issue new editions frequently.
Publishers issue new editions of textbooks frequently.
Publishers issue new textbook editions quite frequently.
Publishers justify their increases by citing rising production costs.
Publishers keep a larger percentage of local ad dollars.
Publishers know how to distribute books.
Publishers know it, too.
Publishers know it.
Publishers know that a well-designed document is easy to understand.
Publishers know there are always more subscribers 'out there'.
Publishers Learn about the companies that publish literature for children and young adults.
Publishers Learn more about Polestar Book Publishers by visiting their site.
Publishers like to count ad requests the simple request by a browser for an ad graphic.
Publishers like to hear how they can save money.
Publishers like to send authors out to do media interviews and sign books in bookstores.
Publishers Link to the Web sites of the biggest PC games publishers.
Publishers located in Indiana always send directly instead of going through a vendor.
Publishers look for pieces that are so original and so fresh that they stand out from the rest.
Publishers looking for writers can post their needs here for writers to read.
Publishers love series because they believe that readers love series.
Publishers love the program because they can create and sell lots of books.
Publishers lower the lowest common denominator so they can sell.
Publishers maintain control over the reach and frequency of the advertisements on their Web sites.
Publishers make available electronic catalogues of books and journals.
Publishers make available to varying degrees back issues, and search capabilities.
Publishers make horrendous misake that cost everybody.
Publishers make key concession in long-awaited standards for online advertising sales.
Publishers make money selling books.
Publishers manage production, and they and libraries manage distribution.
Publishers modify their programs to fit current trends.
Publishers moreover have more resources than individuals for litigation.
Publishers mostly find their poets under academic rocks.
Publishers now enjoy more flexibility in how they print and distribute their products.
Publishers now make the information available on the web as well as printed material.
Publishers occupy a strange role in the creative industries.
Publishers offer discounts on books ordered at the exhibit.
Publishers offer slide series to accompany text.
Publishers offer their books at reduced wholesale prices for resale and remainder dealers.
Publishers offer users a choice of covers for the book.
Publishers offer users the option to pick and choose which parts of the books they want to print.
Publishers offers quality educational products for special needs professionals.
Publishers open, close down, and move constantly.
Publishers own data-Jan.
Publishers participate in cooperative exhibits.
Publishers pay for storage, users pay for delivery.
Publishers pay royalties two times a year.
Publishers periodically add earlier volumes to their digital collections without notification.
Publishers plan the book's price based, in part, on the book's length.
Publishers play a math game when it comes to investing publicity-money in their books.
Publishers plead the high cost of paper.
Publishers prefer receiving a detailed outline with one or two sample chapters.
Publishers prefer the second method, while agents tend to like the first method.
Publishers prefer to deal directly with faculty members in the procurement of desk copies.
Publishers prefer to republish books in hard cover to increase their profit margin.
Publishers prepare printed indexes to periodical literature and book catalogs.
Publishers pretend that such books merely provide information to 'empower' patients.
Publishers print new editions of books approximately every three years.
Publishers probably avoid crap because nobody wants it.
Publishers produce bias-free dictionaries so writers can find words offensive to no one.
Publishers produce content for site visitors to engage.
Publishers produce materials that deal with an infinite variety of subjects.
Publishers produce series volumes on a regular basis.
Publishers produce textbooks and supplementary readers for that market.
Publishers provide a means of controlling the information explosion by maintaining quality.
Publishers provide access to the documents they own, taking into account their commercial interests.
Publishers provide artists to produce illustrations.
Publishers provide desk copies upon request from the instructor.
Publishers provide sites intended to be used in conjunction with particular texts.
Publishers provide the committees with copies of all new books for consideration.
Publishers provide the Table of Contents and several articles from each current issue.
Publishers providing Internet service can use chat to flush out users' common problems.
Publishers publish fewer books.
Publishers publish to make money.
Publishers purchase the rights to use manuscripts that show profit potential.
Publishers push for a saleable work, rather than for an academically sound one.
Publishers quickly shove all their black titles into their catalogues.
Publishers race to get hold of it.
Publishers raise their list prices periodically, sometimes up to twice a year.
Publishers receive a printing negative from which to make copies for distribution.
Publishers receive many, many submissions everyday, both solicited and unsolicited.
Publishers receive unsolicited manuscripts daily.
Publishers rely on professional readers.
Publishers rely on their editors' judgements.
Publishers remain optimistic.
Publishers reprint an edition for as long as there is a demand for it.
Publishers require that a whole volume be purchased when only a single issue is needed.
Publishers require that stripped books be destroyed.
Publishers reserve the right to decline any advertisement.
Publishers reserve the right to edit for spelling, grammar, and punctuation.
Publishers reserve the right to reject advertisements.
Publishers respond in kind.
Publishers respond to the needs of the market.
Publishers routinely ignore unsolicited manuscripts.
Publishers sacrifice the profits from all books to support and promote a small number of books.
Publishers say it also threatens to chill online news.
Publishers say that the tracks are exact replicas of the tracks in Great Britain.
Publishers say the timing of the books is coincidental.
Publishers say they are merely defending songwriters' rights to be compensated.
Publishers say they have become wary about their conversations with the national chains.
Publishers say they owe what they paid for.
Publishers say they sympathize, but reject calls for flexibility on copying documents.
Publishers say they've never seen anything quite like it.
Publishers see a bonanza down the road in terms of electronic rights and electronic distribution.
Publishers see doom in every new innovation.
Publishers see flocking as a necessity because books are notoriously unpredictable sellers.
Publishers see spinoffs as the future of magazines.
Publishers seem to have limited themselves to sales ceilings based on past performances.
Publishers seem to prefer a maximum of three items submitted at one time.
Publishers select certain manuscripts or content from a sea of possible candidates.
Publishers sell PDF books with the explicit expectation that they'll be read online.
Publishers send book reviewers advance galleys so they can get a head start.
Publishers share that goal, and some now provide political information on line.
Publishers showcase their best authors.
Publishers shy away from lawsuits, even if they can be won.
Publishers sign up other disgruntled nerds to write hymns to noble savagery and gardening.
Publishers simply respond to the expressed needs of researchers.
Publishers specializing in all things Caucasian, now have a separate web site.
Publishers spend a lot of money sending out review copies.
Publishers stand to make a bigger profit, so long as they can avoid a Napster-like piracy scheme.
Publishers stress that the editorial cost is a major portion of their cost of production.
Publishers struggle constantly to reproduce artworks to a realistically high quality.
Publishers struggle with automating content syndication and integrating promotional offerings.
Publishers supply information about a topic.
Publishers take care of that entirely.
Publishers take hundreds of thousands of books out of print each year.
Publishers take on a rare few, but most decide to do it themselves.
Publishers take the author's manuscript and turn it into a finished book.
Publishers tend to be more and more like conglomerates.
Publishers tend to be very specific in their tastes.
Publishers tend to print and warehouse a book only as long as it sells fairly briskly.
Publishers tend to replicate good moments in their history.
Publishers tend to specialize.
Publishers tend to use the word rather loosely, but edition has a precise bibliographical meaning.
Publishers then submit bids.
Publishers think writers are egoistic dingbats who know nothing about the real world.
Publishers tinker with the prices.
Publishers trade ads with each other in order to gain new subscribers.
Publishers typically present an information page and author guidelines page for each journal.
Publishers typically sign authors on the basis of book proposals.
Publishers typically withhold payment of a percentage of royalties earned against returns.
Publishers understand that such acceptance in no way influences members actions or selections.
Publishers understandably prefer brevity, while authors and teachers prefer thoroughness.
Publishers use several distribution methods to transport books to the market place.
Publishers use state and local curriculum standards to determine the broad content of a textbook.
Publishers use the site to track consumers' behavior.
Publishers use XML to manage large Web sites or other documents.
Publishers vary considerably in their approach to access to their electronic content.
Publishers vary greatly, as the chart in the next section indicates.
Publishers vary in terms of how far back the electronic version goes.
Publishers vary in their response time to permission requests from one day to six weeks.
Publishers view journals as their last and most essential stand.
Publishers view libraries as threats to their market.
Publishers view with alarm the bringing up full-text database on the Internet.
Publishers Visit various publishers via the Internet.
Publishers watch the numbers to see where they sit in relation to the competition.
Publishers wish to impose limits.
Publishers wishing to use the technology to create delivered content services can do so for free.
Publishers work hard to build their own brands.
Publishers writhe in the twin grip of spiraling paper costs and punishing distributor discounts.
Publishers yearn to e-learn.
Publishers always have the chain stores in mind when they determine what to publish.
Publishers frequently change the prices of their books.
Publishers frequently do nothing to make corrections.
Publishers frequently look to the sale of reprints as an additional source of income.
Publishers frequently offer texts in several formats for different ebook hardware.
Publishers frequently turn to English majors, journalists and tech writers.
Publishers often act as agents for their artists, showcasing their work at licensing shows.
Publishers often advance famous writers millions of dollars against future royalties for new books.
Publishers often have preferences for the way chapter introductions and conclusions are handled.
Publishers often hold copyrights on books and other literary works.
Publishers often indicate a reading level on their books by numbers or letters.
Publishers often limit our quantity of high-demand titles to our actual customer backorders.
Publishers often mark remaindered books by stamping or slashing an edge with a marker.
Publishers often provide access only with a paid printed subscription, or a per article fee.
Publishers often provide an illustrator after revising a book.
Publishers often provide donated books which are then raffled off at the evening reception.
Publishers often provide promotional copies of their publications for exhibitions overseas.
Publishers often require editors who have a science background to edit science textbooks.
Publishers often require several productions before they'll consider a script for publication.
Publishers often require strictly formatted papers so they can assess published length.
Publishers often try to pressure writers into surrendering control for very poor terms.
Publishers often view encryption as the magic bullet.
Publishers often visit such sites to find new content for their newsletters and ezines.
Publishers sometimes abuse the indiscriminate character of automated indexing.
Publishers sometimes impose a royalty charge, which is added to the price of the packet.
Publishers sometimes provide free access for a limited period as part of their marketing plan.
Publishers sometimes put profits above ethics then and they do now.
Publishers sometimes raise the price of a book without notice.
Publishers sometimes refuse to grant permission to copy a particular article.
Publishers usually charge the same fee as quoted by the record label.
Publishers usually limit the number of color plates in hard copy books.
Publishers usually prefer tables to figures because they are less expensive to reproduce.
Publishers usually require specific wording.
Publishers usually state other submission requirements in their guidelines, tip sheets and listings.
All publishers are different, so be certain to ask about what type of format is required.
All publishers can handle that program with ease.
All publishers expect their authors to work hard to promote their books.
All publishers have an opinion page where the management can express their beliefs and opinions.
All publishers have the same chance to earn the commission for that order.
All publishers have their strengths and weaknesses.
All publishers use different tag sets, even within the same publishing house.
Any publisher can join regardless of size and every member pays the same modest subscription.
Any publisher has the right to cancel a book, of course.
Every publisher bemoans the extra cost imposed by manuals.
Every publisher figures statistical data differently.
Every publisher handles rejection letters differently.
Every publisher has a different goal and therefore, approaches things differently.
Every publisher wants a piece of the lucrative pie.
Many publishers often promote their journals by allowing online access to the current issue.
Many publishers advertise their books at very reasonable rates.
Many publishers allow direct ordering via telephone, fax, or Internet.
Many publishers also have a customer service number listed on the table of contents page.
Many publishers also list a customer service number and an internet website address.
Many publishers also make available computer-assisted learning packages.
Many publishers also offer free classified ads.
Many publishers also offer onscreen or print, and toll-free assistance numbers.
Many publishers also print it on the bottom-right of the back cover for ease of reference.
Many publishers also print study guides to accompany the textbook.
Many publishers also use specific imprints to publish a specific type of book.
Many publishers are now unapproachable and no longer accept unsolicited manuscripts.
Many publishers are slow learners.
Many publishers believe their big marketing challenge is to attract visitors.
Many publishers choose to use both email and web distribution for newsletter publication.
Many publishers consider that a book sells a few hundred copies a year a liability.
Many publishers depend on the creations of our faculty and students.
Many publishers don t sell half that number.
Many publishers give free electronic access to print subscribers.
Many publishers have areas of interest which are listed here.
Many publishers have catalogues on-line .
Many publishers have external editorial staff, working from home.
Many publishers have offices in many cities around the world.
Many publishers have offices in more than one city.
Many publishers have policies which make it necessary to return books before the semester is over.
Many publishers have separate policies for individual and organizational purchases of tests.
Many publishers have their own Web site with details of their products.
Many publishers have virtual storefronts.
Many publishers hire just a fulfillment company.
Many publishers list their catalogs on the web.
Many publishers look first for trainers or consultants to author books on certain topics.
Many publishers maintain information about their journals on the Internet.
Many publishers now contract with outside companies to develop a Web site.
Many publishers now grant permissions via phone, fax, e-mail, online, etc.
Many publishers offer a student writing folder for a relatively reasonable price.
Many publishers offer discounts on books ordered during the conference.
Many publishers offer electronic tables of contents as well as other search options.
Many publishers offer only one way to produce publications of varying sizes.
Many publishers offer texts through download or on floppy.
Many publishers place the burden of proofreading on the author.
Many publishers prefer to create their lines around common themes, topics and age groups.
Many publishers prefer to have manuscripts filtered through agents.
Many publishers produce business history books in series.
Many publishers provide access to the latest issue free of charge on their web site.
Many publishers provide demo copies of software free or at a nominal cost.
Many publishers provide free access to their journal archives.
Many publishers provide free trials or even free global access to their journals.
Many publishers provide pertinent information for desk and exam copy requests on their web sites .
Many publishers provide sample copies on request.
Many publishers rely on advertising for their revenues.
Many publishers require powerful copy protection for their e-book titles.
Many publishers require writers to submit ideas and mauscripts through literary agents.
Many publishers see it as essential to maintaining sales of their publications.
Many publishers sell back issues if they are in stock.
Many publishers sell direct to the consumer at a considerable discount.
Many publishers sell their products through distributors.
Many publishers site the standard on the verso of the title pages of their works.
Many publishers specialize in certain types of books, either by genre or literary style.
Many publishers still try to give a middle or lower position ad for a top position price.
Many publishers take six weeks or more to respond to inquiries.
Many publishers use direct mail responsibly to increase circulation and obtain renewals.
Many publishers welcome Web sites that post excerpts from copyrighted books.
Most publishers also accept phone requests for desk copies.
Most publishers also allow access to the contents pages and abstracts of other journals.
Most publishers also have their own web home page designed for direct purchase.
Most publishers also offer faculty tools for easily creating their own web sites.
Most publishers are honest, but it is still best to get professional advice.
Most publishers are very selective concerning the articles they choose for their publications.
Most publishers categorize their books by age group.
Most publishers charge royalties.
Most publishers check information before they put it out.
Most publishers comply.
Most publishers decide to pass or accept based on the hook.
Most publishers do have day jobs, and sometimes can get behind schedule.
Most publishers do the same.
Most publishers don t have a marketing division to speak of.
Most publishers focus their Web sites on the readers.
Most publishers grant permission for a particular academic term.
Most publishers handle the bulk of their own manuscript evaluation.
Most publishers have a variety of boilerplate contracts to meet different needs.
Most publishers have a wealth of support material at hand only to give away.
Most publishers have a web site.
Most publishers have an option clause in the author's contract.
Most publishers have sites for sales and promotion, with promotion leading the way slightly.
Most publishers have their own on staff.
Most publishers introduce an unabridged audio book with the title, author, reader, and publisher.
Most publishers now are interested only in books that have the potential for enormous sales.
Most publishers now have a Web presence.
Most publishers now produce Spanish versions of most English language textbooks.
Most publishers now require authors to use gender neutral language.
Most publishers offer custom publishing services.
Most publishers offer electronic catalogs or publications lists on their Web sites.
Most publishers offer sponsor ads.
Most publishers prefer that submissions be in Courier font, ten characters to the inch.
Most publishers prefer to work with their own stable of talent.
Most publishers prefer work that is represented by an agent and give it better attention.
Most publishers provide a visual offset, such as italic font, at first use.
Most publishers provide free desk copies to faculty members using the textbook in a course.
Most publishers publish in two seasons per year, spring and fall.
Most publishers realise that the key to making their business a success is their people.
Most publishers receive many article submissions each week and only select a few to be published.
Most publishers recognise that users want to licence the materials for their own further use.
Most publishers require a query for a non-fiction project or novel.
Most publishers require site licenses or subscriptions for access to full-text articles.
Most publishers require that a permission statement be printed on the first page of each article.
Most publishers require that access be limited to computers on the health sciences center network.
Most publishers see expansion as slight to flat.
Most publishers set conversation in single quotation marks, indented.
Most publishers start out with good intentions, but they all turn into megalomaniacs.
Most publishers state in their guidelines whether they want to be queried first.
Most publishers still have gopher sites only, and the quality varies.
Most publishers still provide gopher sites only, and the quality varies.
Most publishers tell contributors which style to follow.
Most publishers tell their authors exactly how they want the manuscript to be formatted.
Most publishers therefore insist on retaining control over their pricing.
Most publishers use Hallmark on a full-service basis.
Most publishers use list servers for their mailings.
Most publishers use transformations routinely in their day to day work.
Some publishers acknowledge that their price increases have gone out of hand.
Some publishers advertise that their books are printed on acid-free paper.
Some publishers allow access from only certain workstations or certain buildings.
Some publishers allow authors to buy any of their books at a certain discount.
Some publishers allow purchase of online subscriptions without purchasing the print counterparts.
Some publishers already adopt science-friendly policies.
Some publishers already bank on a single-fluid future.
Some publishers already offer Internet access as a revenue source.
Some publishers also feature multi-title searching.
Some publishers also handle sales accounts.
Some publishers also offer subscriptions to individuals.
Some publishers also provide a search engine.
Some publishers announce what types of manuscripts they're currently looking for.
Some publishers apparently think so.
Some publishers are also open to enlisting third parties to preserve electronic materials.
Some publishers are generous in providing free access to their publications on a long term basis.
Some publishers are politicians and they are using their newspapers to fund political interests.
Some publishers are quick and some are unconscionably slow.
Some publishers ask for given names in text references.
Some publishers base the royalty paid to the author or illustrator on net price.
Some publishers believe the key to increased income and profits is to publish more titles.
Some publishers change their contracts overnight.
Some publishers charge extra for institutional access.
Some publishers charge more or prohibit photocopies.
Some publishers deliver their ezines daily, some weekly, some bi-weekly and some are monthly.
Some publishers do have in-house development teams that make some of their games.
Some publishers end up profitably selling ad space within their newsletters.
Some publishers even allow the discount for gifts to friends and family members.
Some publishers even help with marketing and advertising.
Some publishers fail to handle RUSH orders any differently than any other order.
Some publishers get by with a handful of employees.
Some publishers go for quantity, others for depth of definition.
Some publishers go out and get covers for their writers.
Some publishers grant free online access to journals after a certain time period.
Some publishers have a very annoying habit of referring only to their own books.
Some publishers have a Web site and electronic content but no searching mechanism.
Some publishers have a women s fiction category novels written by women, about women, and for women.
Some publishers have combined textbook information with exercises in consumable write-in books.
Some publishers have field guides for butterflies indigenous to specific regions, areas, or states.
Some publishers have in-house development studios.
Some publishers have in-house studios and simply hire in the players and singers.
Some publishers have mixed feelings.
Some publishers have more than one imprint.
Some publishers have no price differential.
Some publishers have oil paintings done from which they run prints for the cover.
Some publishers have separate pricing for print and electronic access.
Some publishers have series of books with a maximum of pages.
Some publishers have special design resources available.
Some publishers have staff for the review process in their own offices.
Some publishers hold copies of their most recent editions, sometimes small stocks of older ones.
Some publishers insert specific appearance requirements in the publishing contract.
Some publishers just have order information and tables of contents on their web pages.
Some publishers lead, and others follow.
Some publishers like to pay a roylalty based on the discount that they sold the book at.
Some publishers limit the availability of articles.
Some publishers look to their print products for answers.
Some publishers make available the contents pages of their journals.
Some publishers make content available free to subscribers to the paper version of a journal.
Some publishers make some or all articles from their publications freely available on the Web.
Some publishers make their publications available for multilple years.
Some publishers now bundle multimedia CD-ROMs with the instructor's version of textbooks.
Some publishers now display their images on websites.
Some publishers offer a scoring service by fax machine.
Some publishers offer a similar service, or list new publications online.
Some publishers offer discounts based on the number of participating institutions .
Some publishers offer electronic versions of their print publications free to all users.
Some publishers offer free or reduced-rate subscriptions to educators.
Some publishers offer solo ezine advertising.
Some publishers offer special pricing for developing countries.
Some publishers offer the same indexing information in several formats.
Some publishers only accept from agents.
Some publishers pay a flat fee for stories and some still pay by the word.
Some publishers pay less and some illustrators command more.
Some publishers pay no royalties at all.
Some publishers place their templates on their web pages.
Some publishers prefer easy reading, other prefer non-fiction and teaching books, and so on.
Some publishers print single pages stochastically while others run the entire magazine with it.
Some publishers probably can rearrange their offerings to attract new customers.
Some publishers produce 'simple' books for beginners.
Some publishers provide articles for free, while others charge a fee.
Some publishers provide demonstration disks and preview copies.
Some publishers provide more information in the on-line versions.
Some publishers provide more information than others and some issue separate technical reports.
Some publishers provide search engines capable of searching the contents of their journals.
Some publishers provide table of contents or abstracts information for the publications.
Some publishers provide web pages for their authors that contain activities.
Some publishers publish both trade and short books.
Some publishers publish strictly for direct marketing channels.
Some publishers put their materials up on the web for free.
Some publishers read manuscripts with un-agented writers.
Some publishers report that electronic publishing developments are increasing their overall costs.
Some publishers require a separate password for access to their electronic journals.
Some publishers require authors to transfer all rights with no reversion clause.
Some publishers require payment of extra fees for the e-journals.
Some publishers require registration to browse abstracts.
Some publishers require the user to register, for free, before viewing the journal.
Some publishers routinely grant permission over the phone.
Some publishers routinely grant permissions over the phone.
Some publishers seek to accomplish both objectives with their publications.
Some publishers sell paid subscriptions to their sites.
Some publishers send a newsletter with a section of the book highlighted.
Some publishers send out special ad sheets that are separate from their regular newsletter.
Some publishers still send complimentary copies to prospective writers.
Some publishers supply computers to authors to eliminate the re-keying of manuscripts.
Some publishers take a slightly different view.
Some publishers take several weeks to return a permission.
Some publishers take the process one step further by helping improve advertisers' sites.
Some publishers think that because it's the web, people suspend buyer reluctance and skepticism.
Some publishers think the line between book clubs and direct-mail companies is beginning to blur.
Some publishers tie electronic formats to current subscriptions of paper copies.
Some publishers try to avoid a strict destination.
Some publishers use big outside margins for large icons or for glosses to the text.
Some publishers use HTML tables to reduce the waiting time for large images.
Some publishers use niche sites as stepping stones to larger Web presences.
A publishing company is a firm
Publishing companies are service companies.
Publishing companies charge expensive subscriptions to access scientific communications.
Publishing companies receive many submissions throughout the year.
Many publishing companies advertise in the genealogical periodicals.
Many publishing companies offer free legal help, as well as the chance to order their publications.
Some publishing companies deduct expenses prior to paying author's royalties.
Some publishing companies have grammar software that they sell.
Publishing contracts are complex and intimidating to the new writer.
Publishing contracts are legalistic nightmares.
Publishing contracts are very hard and very tough agreements, says expert.
Most publishing contracts let the publisher share in the movie rights money.
A publishing firm is a firm
Publishing firms choose their editors and authors carefully.
A publishing house is a firm
Publishing houses are able to publish very little.
Publishing houses are aware of the needs of persons with vision impairments.
Publishing houses are houses.
Publishing houses are notoriously lax about fact-checking.
Publishing houses are organizations.
Publishing houses are terribly out of touch.
Publishing houses hire teams of readers to work in pairs, out loud.
Publishing houses invest large sums of money, employ many experts and spend money on advertisements.
Publishing houses receive thousands of unsolicited manuscripts and book proposals every year.
Every publishing house has a house style.
Every publishing house has an infrastructure of editors and reviewers.
Many publishing houses are unwilling to invest in an unproven writer with an unrecognizable name.
Many publishing houses contain several divisions.
Many publishing houses have plans to develop digital publishing.
Many publishing houses have tip sheets.
Many publishing houses have web sites packed with book and author information.
Many publishing houses have websites or catalogs which list the titles they've printed in the past.
Some publishing houses make their living on speculative prophecy books.
Some publishing houses seem quite reluctant to embrace the Internet and new technologies.
Publishing rights are also available on a one time use basis with discounted renuals available.
Publishing rights are exclusive to the Poe Decoder.
Publishing rights are typically the wildcard in the band partnership.
A publishing is business
Publishing add, drop, withdrawal, and grading change deadlines for modular courses.
Publishing adds an extra step to writing and improves our skills.
Publishing also increases the likelihood that people can defend against the vulnerability.
Publishing are dedicated and solely interested in the school musician.
Publishing are mediums.
Publishing becomes more and more automated and knowledge-orientated.
Publishing boosts the prestige of both the professors and the school.
Publishing brings legal responsibilities.
Publishing can also create programs for educational or civic purposes.
Publishing can be a satisfying and profitable part-time or second career.
Publishing can be simple or elaborate.
Publishing can help create custom-made holiday greeting cards.
Publishing can prove challenging to the novice technology-using teacher or student.
Publishing comes about as close as anything to describing what does happen.
Publishing Convey a message using formatted text, graphics, and sound to create a document.
Publishing costs an arm and a leg.
Publishing Create a document with a beginning, middle, and end using formatted text and graphics.
Publishing Create an interdisciplinary document using technology.
Publishing Develops the editorial content for and publishes various periodicals and monographs.
Publishing digitally eliminates the possibilities of mistakes in the paste-up process.
Publishing Follow the procedures under Setting Up .
Publishing Follow the steps under Setting Up .
Publishing gives the students a larger audience of more than one or a class.
Publishing goes hand in hand with the developing world, and in some ways helps to establish culture.
Publishing has changed, it is now a buyers market.
Publishing has many facets, and all have to be addressed.
Publishing has several new items for kids.
Publishing has some security flaws.
Publishing includes creation of a web page.
Publishing inherently entails imaging the font.
Publishing involves sharing a piece of writing with an audience.
Publishing involves support for a formal submission, approval and deployment cycle for Web pages.
Publishing is a business and like every other business, the bottom line is important.
Publishing is a business like any other and gives the market what it wants.
Publishing is a business, after all.
Publishing is a business, and economics are the driving force behind it.
Publishing is a business.
Publishing is a byproduct.
Publishing is a Christian publisher of religious poetry.
Publishing is a collaborative effort.
Publishing is a company dedicated to documenting the history of the Australian music industry.
Publishing is a competitive and difficult business.
Publishing is a crapshoot.
Publishing is a critical part of the educational process.
Publishing is a customer oriented virtual web hosting, web site design and re-design company.
Publishing is a difficult and tricky business, especially today.
Publishing is a form of manufacturing under licence.
Publishing is a gamble.
Publishing is a great business, but it's a tough business.
Publishing is a mechanism for maintaining history in n -dim to make an object persist.
Publishing is a multi-faceted activity.
Publishing is a necessary, final stage of the writing process.
Publishing is a necessary, final state of the writing process.
Publishing is a partnership.
Publishing is a second major project.
Publishing is a time-honored and rewarding profession.
Publishing is a very broad classification.
Publishing is a very mysterious business.
Publishing is a very strange business in which the publisher is everybody's security blanket.
Publishing is about communication.
Publishing is about control, the Internet is about freedom.
Publishing is about interpretation on information.
Publishing is about market share and that is about money .
Publishing is all about parties.
Publishing is also an online industry.
Publishing is an expensive and difficult task, loaded with financial risk.
Publishing is an important aspect of science.
Publishing is an important factor in many academic careers.
Publishing is an important motivator in working through the stages of the composing process.
Publishing is an industry of networking and connections.
Publishing is an international business and networks have made information ubiquitous.
Publishing is an Internet Marketing firm.
Publishing is an intricate business off line - but online the hassles can be automated away.
Publishing is an oftentime forgotten part of the writing process.
Publishing is based on trust.
Publishing is both, and therefore perverse.
Publishing is business, which means work.
Publishing is by nature a collaborative enterprise.
Publishing is by no means restricted to the editorial function.
Publishing is definitely hurry up and wait.
Publishing is designed to enhance reputation as well as to spread the word.
Publishing is done with the familiar w-shove .
Publishing is easy and safe, using only the child's first name, age, and city.
Publishing is exciting, rewarding, and intellectually stimulating.
Publishing is expensive.
Publishing is fickle.
Publishing is first of all a numbers game.
Publishing is free for authors.
Publishing is free, easy and is based on open standards.
Publishing is full of episodes in which editors turn away books that end up being classics.
Publishing is fundamentally a business and as such hinges on profit.
Publishing is great publicity for the company and it is used as another way to assess performance.
Publishing is hard.
Publishing is important because it is a reflection of a people.
Publishing is important for getting promotions or better jobs.
Publishing is important to all serious mathematicians.
Publishing is in our blood.
Publishing is like politics.
Publishing is like that.
Publishing is mainly supplemental to other activities.
Publishing is more of a personal or band choice.
Publishing is more than printing, and more than posting on the Web.
Publishing is Needed.
Publishing is no different.
Publishing is no longer just pre-press, printing, and service bureaus.
Publishing is no longer synonymous with the printed product.
Publishing is normally a high cost industry.
Publishing is now in the hands of a few global giants.
Publishing is now in the throes of a paradigm shift.
Publishing is now possible for virtually anyone with an Internet account.
Publishing is one of the best home-based businesses today.
Publishing is one of the most important process for the writers.
Publishing is one of the toughest businesses on the planet.
Publishing is our only business.
Publishing is owned by far too few people.
Publishing is risky business.
Publishing is slightly more involved.
Publishing is still a very important part of our business.
Publishing is still more about ink than pixels.
Publishing is such a cottage industry by comparison, like something done off the back of a cart.
Publishing is technology.
Publishing is that area had at times been a very frustrating experience.
Publishing is the act of posting information on the intranet site for employee use.
Publishing is the crucial final step in the literary process.
Publishing is the easy part.
Publishing is the essence of science.
Publishing is the final stage of the writing process.
Publishing is the icing on the cake.
Publishing is the manufacture and distribution of a simple product.
Publishing is the means traditionally used to document new knowledge at a point in time.
Publishing is the most wonderful profession on earth and all the people in it are major deities.
Publishing is the UK's seventh largest industry by sales value.
Publishing is the ultimate goal for any writer.
Publishing is the web, regardless of what else a media company does.
Publishing is ugly.
Publishing is usually the main goal of any writer.
Publishing is valuable.
Publishing is very important for getting promotions or better jobs.
Publishing is, after all, a business.
Publishing is, furthermore, a business with much misunderstanding surrounding it.
Publishing Make a nice alignment with annotions etc.
Publishing means communicating to others besides the one defamed.
Publishing means storing the file where a web server can read it.
Publishing merges with dialogue in the on-line environment.
Publishing now proves to be a kind of gamble, and they are never sure of winning it anyway.
Publishing Offers free tests for kids.
Publishing offers nine different choices.
Publishing offers quality electronic books as downloads or disks in the mail.
Publishing owns and operates a complete broadcast quality digital audio and video editing studio.
Publishing Provides extensive information resources for book writing, publishing and promoting.
Publishing provides extra incentive to continue writing.
Publishing provides project management, product development and production work.
Publishing recommends and endorses the following products and services for our clients.
Publishing relies heavily on contracting work out to small independent firms.
Publishing remains free.
Publishing seems to be a cutthroat business.
Publishing seems to be where companies get into the most trouble.
Publishing seems to delete files on the endpoint server.
Publishing sees a lot more low-fat cookbooks.
Publishing sponsors local softball team.
Publishing supports creation and delivery of contents.
Publishing takes many forms, some more appropriate for older students than for younger students.
Publishing takes place from the comfort of a living room chair.
Publishing tends to run about a year behind.
Publishing turns the document into a major version.
Publishing Use a paint program to depict a scene from a story or a classroom project.
Publishing Use the same rules as for choosing the project.
All publishing is restricted to state business as defined by the agency.
All publishing requires agency authorization.
Most publishing is for profit.
Most publishing is, after all, a for-profit venture.
A puccoon is a herb
Puccoons are among the showiest late-spring prairie wildflowers in Minnesota.
Puccoons have clusters of small trumpet-shaped flowers on an uncurling spray.
Puchyan soils are on uplands and stream terraces.
Puchyan soils have more silt and less sand and coarse fragments in the subsoil.
Puchyan soils occupy slightly lower positions in the landscape.
A puck is a disk
Puck also has no discernible income, which makes one wonder how the rent gets payed.
Puck arrives and starts to sweep the house clean.
Puck bursts in.
Puck continues to pop up in popular culture.
Puck douses a few others along the way, setting off intrigue among lovers.
Puck enters net.
Puck fetches a unique flower to cast the spell.
Puck gets pissed off, tries to find a way to make the ref look bad.
Puck has some amazing abilities.
Puck is a character from English folklore.
Puck is a moon of Uranus .
Puck is a moon of Uranus.
Puck is available in high optic orange or bright yellow.
Puck is dumped into the defending zone, then players break out.
Puck is dumped to different areas requiring the participation or lack thereof of the goaltenders.
Puck is Mousey's brother, and they are a bonded pair.
Puck is seen as the gateway between the real world and the fairies.
Puck is the biggest of the small closer moons to Uranus .
Puck is the biggest of the small closer moons to Uranus.
Puck is the largest of the new, small satellites and the only spirit in the group.
Puck is very lonely, and a known liar.
Puck is visible from all sides.
Puck mistakenly administers the juice to Lysander instead.
Puck moves every two hands.
Puck plays tricks.
Puck slides on smooth hardboard playing surface with screened design, wood rails with steel splines.
Pucks are balls.
Pucks are disks.
Pucks are located in locker rooms.
Pucks are planets.
Pucks are resilient because they're made of rubber.
Pucks are used for hits.
Pucks can be similar to ice hockey pucks, but often a ball is used.
Pucks come from Slovakia.
Pucks fly, and sometimes fists do, too.
Pucks tells the audience that everything is now back to normal and harmony has been restored.
All pucks are identical size.
All pucks are in.
A pucker is a fold
Pucker lips together and attempt to whistle.
Puckers are folds.
Puckers tend to be more durable than plisse' when chemically treated.
A pud is dessert
PUDs allow for different types of developments to be constructed in one area.
PUDs are blueprints for a single coordinated development in an area.
PUDs offer programs to help customers use energy and water efficiently.
PUDs require the developer to create something for the community, such as the beach walkway.
Pudding has (part) sauces.
Pudding has (part) sections.
Pudding here is usually a cooked, sweet dish, with a cake-like texture.
Pudding improves if two tablespoons of rum are poured over the top of the pudding once a month.
Pudding is also an equally acceptable smooth food choice.
Pudding is dessert
Pudding is dessert.
Pudding is dishs.
Pudding is done when it is a dark walnut-brown color and fairly firm to the touch.
Pudding is food.
Pudding is harder to stir than water because pudding has greater viscosity.
Pudding is located in containers.
Pudding is mixture.
Pudding isa nourishment.
Pudding isa sustenance.
Puddings are a particularly strong point.
Puddings are excellent and well differentiated.
Puddings are less exotic but the tiramisu is exceptionally good.
Puddings are nothing more than stiffened emulsions of cooked eggs.
Puddings Having a sweet tooth is penalty enough in life.
Puddle ducks are able to lift off from water or land immediately.
Puddle ducks are excellent swimmers, sure-footed on land, and swift agile fliers.
Puddle ducks dislike flying low over other puddle ducks on the water.
Puddle ducks eat food.
Puddle ducks feed in the water along the fringes of islands and shorelines and on dry land.
Puddle ducks tend to feed at the crack of dawn.
Most puddle ducks eat food.
Puddle lamps illuminate the surface outside.
A puddle is water
Puddle have fun apart, but still find ways to celebrate their friendship together.
Puddle isa waters.
Puddles are a sign of other problems, such as a decaying wax ring.
Puddles are also a favorite source of nutrients.
Puddles are covering materials.
Puddles are full of leaves and weeds, floating.
Puddles are located in waterfalls.
Puddles are open air.
Puddles are water.
Puddles commonly form during rain, and can cause problems for transport.
Puddles drying up in the sun is clearly an example of evaporation .
Puddles form slowly if at all.
Puddles gather in parking lots, in streets, and in the front yard.
Puddles have no rights.
Puddles prove an ideal breeding habitat for toads.
Puddles remain on site and bottoms of snow drifts are saturated.
Puddles rise up and dissipate into a thick oppressive fog.
Puddles Watch out for puddles along the way.
Many puddles are deceptively deep and our pants are soon coated with mud.
Some puddles absorb heat.
Some puddles are so shallow they're more dirt than water.
Some puddles provide breed habitats.
Some puddles provide habitats.
Some puddles provide mosquito habitats.
A puddler is an ironworker
Puddlers are a prime example.
Puddlers often travel together, making their trips educational as well as social events.
A pudendal block is regional anaesthesia
Pudendal blocks are one of the safest forms of pain medication.
Pudendal blocks are regional anesthesia.
Pudendal blocks numb the lower vagina and perineum.
Pudendal neuropathy is predictive of failure following anterior overlapping sphincteroplasty.
A pudge is an endomorph
Pudge puts up numbers along the same lines with many outfielders and other high-scoring categories.
Puebla is part of Mexico.
Puebla isa thing.
Pueblo County is a large and economically healthy area.
Pueblo County is one of the original Colorado counties.
Pueblo County offers many fully-developed industrial parks.
Pueblo deterioration hastens with each returning year.
Many Pueblo people have two different names.
Pueblo residents tend to welcome their visitors with hospitality and courtesy.
Many pueblo residents earn their living by selling crafts and other handmade wares.
Pueblo rights are paramount to all other claims.
Many pueblo structures are ancient.
Pueblo supermarket is nearby for grocery shopping.
A pueblo is a village
Pueblo also has a higher ratio of telemarketers in the area, which makes for a great work ethic.
Pueblo also plans to open more stores in upcoming years.
Pueblo has a diverse cultural heritage.
Pueblo has long-term plans to build a reservour in the area.
Pueblo has one of the highest percentages of home ownership in America.
Pueblo has seven elected council members that serve staggered four-year terms.
Pueblo has to wait for downloads from the State before they can be changed.
Pueblo is a learning community.
Pueblo is a nice community because of the many diverse elements of society living in harmony.
Pueblo is a spanish word for city.
Pueblo is a Spanish word that means both people and town.
Pueblo is also great for PCs.
Pueblo is also host to one of the oldest biker toy run in the country.
Pueblo is also host to one of the oldest biker toy runs in the country.
Pueblo is an excellent client, with good capabilities, and is very popular.
Pueblo is free for non-commercial use.
Pueblo is near the geographical center of our area of responsibility.
Pueblo is one example of community centered-use of the web.
Pueblo is simpler than the other programs, and is less confusing to beginners.
Pueblo is the last client profiled here.
Pueblo is the sixth largest city in Colorado, one of the fastest growing states in the country.
Pueblo is the Spanish word for town or village.
Pueblo is unique in that all the ethnic groups that settled here shared and honored traditions.
Pueblos are games.
Pueblos are sienna-colored, but the sun changes that.
Pueblos are villages.
Pueblos come in two forms, either parallel street forms, or plaza forms.
All pueblos have public pilas , which consist of many sinks and a constant supply of water.
Every pueblo observes the annual cycle of ceremonials and gathering known as feast days.
Most pueblos are usually open to visitors during daylight hours.
Puerperal depression is treated with standard psychopharmacologic interventions.
Puerperal disease remains a mystery, only the number of the dead is a palpable fact.
A puerperal fever is blood disorder
A puerperal fever is sepsis
Puerperal fever is relatively rare today.
A puff adder is a viper
Puff adders are primiarily terrestrial, though they sometimes climb trees and are fond of swimming.
Puff adders have slow-acting venom that takes several hours to kill a human.
Some puff adders have fangs.
Some puff adders have large fangs.
Puff balls are profuse once they get started .
Puff Daddy can breathe a long-awaited sigh of relief.
Puff Daddy is first.
Puff Daddy is handsome, nice, intelligent, and very talented.
Puff Daddy is no more.
Puff Daddy starts filming.
Puff Daddy wearing a straw boater at the polo club in East Hampton is on the opposite page.
Puff dough is laminated into layers.
Puff paint is great for the tactile learner.
Puff pastry is food.
Puff pastry is light and flaky.
Puff pastry is made by folding butter between layers of dough.
Puff pastry is made from butter that is incorporated into flour in layers.
Puff pastry is pastry.
Puff pastry is the height, the acme, the apogee and apex of wheat cookery.
Puff Puff is the latest addition to the crew of Camelot.
Puff sleeves have pink machine embroidery with tiny beads.
A puff is pastry
Puff covers available for all.
Puff has a longer tail than Fluffy.
Puff is an easy way to cover dark fabrics with light colored ink.
Puff is just ordinary plastisol, with a special additive.
Puff is out of magic.
Puff is transparent to X clients.
Puff puff ah.
Puff says both lawsuits are frivolous.
Puff uses a simple interactive schematic-capture type environment.
Puffs are blemishes.
Puffs are gusts.
Puffs are inhalation.
Puffs are part of smoke.
Puffs are pastry.
Puffs are recommendations.
Puffs create dark patches on the water.
Puffs have no space.
Every puff exposes smokers to gases that irritate the eyes, nose, throat, and gums.
Most Puffs have full-time day jobs, too.
Puffball mushroom are available in the late summer through the fall.
Puffball mushroom is the generic name for a large group of mushrooms with similar characteristics.
Puffball mushrooms bear spores.
Puffball mushrooms release spores.
A puffball is a fungus
Puffball is the first female contestant to win a prize.
Puffball isa fungus.
Puffballs absorb liquids.
Puffballs also can grow to impressive sizes.
Puffballs are another great edible, found in fields and gravelly compacted soil around the world.
Puffballs are edible, but only when the flesh is young and white.
Puffballs are funguses.
Puffballs are funny fungi that seek to offend.
Puffballs are good eating when sliced, dipped in batter, and fried.
Puffballs are good to eat as long as the flesh is white, dry and compact.
Puffballs are round or pear-shaped fruiting bodies that contain spores.
Puffballs are spherical fruiting bodies that contain spores.
Puffballs are the member of fungus in the division Basidiomycota.
Puffballs are usually white and light brown and inside is all-white.
Puffballs are white and solid on the inside with no gills.
Puffballs are white inside and one texture.
Puffballs come in many sizes, some as small as a marble and some as large as a basketball.
Puffballs erupt in the unshorn edges of lawns.
Puffballs have (part) cell membranes.
Puffballs have (part) cells.
Puffballs have (part) corpi.
Puffballs have (part) cytoplasm.
Puffballs have (part) hyphae.
Puffballs have (part) myceliums.
Puffballs have (part) nuclei.
Puffballs have (part) plasma membranes.
Puffballs have (part) sections.
Puffballs have (part) vacuoles.
Puffballs have a small pore on the top where the spores are released.
Puffballs have meat.
Puffballs live on dead organic matter.
Puffballs occur in woodlands.
Puffballs produce spores.
Puffballs release spores.
Puffballs turn a pleasing golden yellow when fried.
All puffballs are edible while young and still pure white inside.
Most puffballs absorb liquids.
Most puffballs are edible when young.
Most puffballs are safe to eat, although rare reactions have been reported.
Most puffballs become noticeable in late summer and fall.
Most puffballs have meat.
Most puffballs occur in woodlands.
Most puffballs produce spores.
Some puffballs absorb cook oil.
Some puffballs absorb nutrients.
Some puffballs absorb oil.
Some puffballs belong to different genus.
Some puffballs belong to genus.
Some puffballs contain spores.
Some puffballs grow in colonies.
Some puffballs grow in shades.
Some puffballs have bases.
Some puffballs have black interiors.
Some puffballs have bottoms.
Some puffballs have fleshy interiors.
Some puffballs have interiors.
Some puffballs have walls.
Puffer fish are omnivorous animals and eat a variety and plants and animals .
Puffer fish are poisonous .
Puffer fish are poisonous, but their toxicity varies.
Puffer fish contain the potent neurotoxin tetrodotoxin.
Puffer fish hang around coral reefs, open sand and grassy flats, looking for food mostly.
Puffer fish have a strip of meat on both sides of their backbone, towards the top of the fish.
Puffer fish have a unique defense against predators.
Puffer fish have a very unique defense system.
A puffer is a bony fish
Puffer can also make self-extracting archives and includes extensive file wiping options.
Puffer can encrypt any kind of file.
Puffer can therefore store high concentrations of tetrodotoxin in various organs quite safely.
Puffer crosses the line at left.
Puffer integrates some of the best techniques used by the best algorithms.
Puffer is an albino, and is therefore off white all over and has pink eyes.
Puffer is assistant director of libraries for collection management.
Puffer loves nothing better than entertaining the class with a good story.
Puffer smiles for the camera again.
Puffer strikes a pose.
Puffers are available in steel and brass.
Puffers are classified as fin nippers.
Puffers are generally very hardy fish, and relatively simple to care for.
Puffers are kind of ugly and venomous.
Puffers are less likely to reject the food if it's offered from the same area all the time.
Puffers are sensitive to organic waste build-up in the water.
Puffers are smooth skinned while Porcupines have the characteristic spines or quills.
Puffers can be picky eaters.
Puffers can grow to a huge size and their biting power is legendary.
Puffers can live for several years, and grow to the sizes listed in the table above.
Puffers have a unique and comical way of swimming.
Puffers offer several advantages.
Puffers produce a toxin in the skin and viscera.
Puffers seem unfazed by their sting.
Puffers tend to be aggressive and usually do best kept alone.
Most puffers live in warm, tropical oceans.
Some puffers also have an additional line of defence of spines which cover their bodies.
Some puffers enjoy cooked peas.
Some puffers live in brackish and fresh water .
Some puffers live in brackish and fresh water.
A pufferfish is a bony fish
Pufferfishes comprise another group of inflatable fishes.
Pufferfishes have two teeth on both the upper and lower jaws.
Pufferfishes inflate themselves by taking in amounts of water.
Some pufferfish can be poisonous.
Puffin adoptions make wonderful gifts.
Puffin bills are larger and more colorful in the summer nesting season than in winter.
Puffin chicks leave a colony when they fledge and head off to the ocean without their parents.
Some puffin chicks leave colonies.
Puffin diets vary from colony to colony because of the variety of fish around the breeding islands.
Puffin imprints are for children's books.
A puffin is a sea bird
Puffin have a stronghold here and can be seen in great numbers.
Puffin isa seabird.
Puffins abound on offshore islands.
Puffins also has several delicious vegetarian dishes.
Puffins are able to travel by several means.
Puffins are also expert swimmers and divers.
Puffins are also indicators of a healthy ocean, and show humans when over-fishing is occuring.
Puffins are an enigmatic blend of clownish behavior and mystery.
Puffins are available in red with red air tubes and blue with yellow air tubes.
Puffins are birds.
Puffins are carnivores and live off small fish such as herring, hake and sand eels.
Puffins are colonial nesters that lay one egg each year.
Puffins are excellent swimmers and divers.
Puffins are extremely common up north in Canada and Greenland.
Puffins are funny.
Puffins are handsome sea birds with multi-colored beaks and orange feet.
Puffins are highly social.
Puffins are important diving birds in the North Pacific.
Puffins are large auks with broad, colorful bills and whimsical expressions.
Puffins are members of the seabird family called alcids.
Puffins are nicknamed parrots of the sea, because of their colorful triangular shaped beaks.
Puffins are sea birds that can fly, swim, and dig burrows.
Puffins are sea birds that inhabit the rugged coasts of Norway.
Puffins are seabirds.
Puffins are similar in size and coloring to their Horned Puffin cousins.
Puffins are small sea-birds.
Puffins are some of the most amazing creatures on Earth.
Puffins are still abundant there.
Puffins are strong fliers averaging speeds of fifty miles per hour.
Puffins are the ones to be found at the upper strata of society.
Puffins are well-suited for swimming underwater, rather than for flying.
Puffins beat wings.
Puffins belong to the family of seabirds known as alcids or auks.
Puffins breed in colonies, some with only a few nests and some very large.
Puffins breed in holes they dig into the ground and build their nests.
Puffins breed when they become five years old.
Puffins can also help tourism.
Puffins can carry several fish back to their nest at a time.
Puffins can fly and dive in the ocean.
Puffins can serve as food for people.
Puffins carry their food in their large orange and black beaks.
Puffins come home.
Puffins come to Iceland in the summer to pair up and mate.
Puffins come to visit the nearby islands in the summer months.
Puffins communicate more with gestures than with sounds.
Puffins dig a deep burrow in which the female lays a single egg.
Puffins dig eight feet under ground and then they lay their egg.
Puffins dig their burrows using their bills and feet.
Puffins dive from the towering cliffs.
Puffins dive into water.
Puffins eat capelin and herring in the wild, in addition to several other types of small fish.
Puffins eat fish.
Puffins eat small fish, small crustaceans, and mollusks.
Puffins eat small fish.
Puffins favor the cold herring-rich waters of the North Atlantic.
Puffins feed in flocks, with fish and zooplankton the mainstay of their diet.
Puffins fly over thousands of miles per year.
Puffins fly quickly.
Puffins gather on the lower fairways after a rain, searching for worms.
Puffins get from one place to another in several ways.
Puffins have (part) air sacs.
Puffins have (part) bird's feet.
Puffins have (part) brains.
Puffins have (part) breasts.
Puffins have (part) cell membranes.
Puffins have (part) cells.
Puffins have (part) chest cavities.
Puffins have (part) chests.
Puffins have (part) corpi.
Puffins have (part) cytoplasm.
Puffins have (part) ears.
Puffins have (part) faces.
Puffins have (part) flight feathers.
Puffins have (part) heads.
Puffins have (part) lips.
Puffins have (part) mouths.
Puffins have (part) nuclei.
Puffins have (part) plasma membranes.
Puffins have (part) quill feathers.
Puffins have (part) rib cages.
Puffins have (part) second joints.
Puffins have (part) sections.
Puffins have (part) skulls.
Puffins have (part) sterna.
Puffins have (part) talons.
Puffins have (part) vacuoles.
Puffins have (part) wishbones.
Puffins have a direct flight, low over the water.
Puffins have a triangular, colorful bill that is blunt and comes to a curved point.
Puffins have a very unusual call.
Puffins have bills.
Puffins have breed success.
Puffins have bright orange legs and webbed feet.
Puffins have cheek.
Puffins have dark orange feet, that are webbed in a palmate formation.
Puffins have long journeys to sea.
Puffins have low breed success.
Puffins have no hind toe.
Puffins have success.
Puffins have two sets of eyelids, inner and outer.
Puffins hold the fish in their bills until they return to the nest to feed the puffin chicks.
Puffins indicate the abundance of fish by the numbers of fish they bring ashore for their chicks.
Puffins keep the same mate each year as well as the same burrow.
Puffins live in colonies.
Puffins live in puffin colonies.
Puffins make loud growling calls usually from underground which sounds like a muffled chainsaw.
Puffins make their homes in crevices between rocks or use their webbed feet to dig burrows.
Puffins mostly eat small, shoaling fish.
Puffins normally line up the fish in their bills with the heads facing alternate ways.
Puffins return to the same burrow each year.
Puffins spend the majority of their lives on the water.
Puffins tend to have a monogamous mating system.
Puffins typically hunt small fish like herring or sand eels.
Puffins use body movements to communicate in a variety of situations.
Puffins use several Maine islands for summer nesting sites.
Puffins often mate for life.
Puffins usually keep the same mates for life.
Puffins usually return to the same burrow and nest with the same mate year after year.
Puffins usually return to the same burrow every year with the same mate.
Most puffins dive into water.
Most puffins eat fish.
Most puffins eat small fish.
Most puffins have bills.
Most puffins have cheek.
Most puffins have low breed success.
Most puffins have success.
Some puffins fly to different countries along the Atlantic shores.
Some puffins have direct flight.
Some puffins have flight.
Some puffins have penguins.
Some puffins have trouble.
Some puffins help ecosystems.
Some puffins look like soldiers.
Some puffins make nests.
Some puffins return to breed colonies.
Some puffins return to colonies.
Puffings are blowing.
Puffings are exhalation.
Puffings are smoke.
Puffy ankles are often the result of a reaction to a medication.
Puffy chickadees sit upon the sheltered branches of a fir, dozing with heads tucked under wings.
Puffy clouds are clouds.
Puffy clouds are white.
Puffy clouds begin to develop vertically and darken.
Puffy clouds cover the sky.
Puffy clouds drift in groups against the pure blue sky.
Puffy clouds pass behind the tree.
Puffy eyes are a problem for many brides.
Puffy eyes can be a real problem.
Puffy lids look just as bad on a man as they do on a woman.
Puffy noises are mom breathing.
Puffy paint hardens when it dries.
Puffy rhetoric is another turn-off.
Puffy sleeves end in white pique at sleeve cuffs.
Puffy tissue causes shallow pockets between gum and tooth.
Pug eyes are round, dark, expressive and full of life.
Pug lessons are sometimes poignant.
Pug pups are mischievous and always attention seeking.
Pug rescue is a wonderful organization.
A pug is a dog
Pugs are a very active breed of dog.
Pugs are a vibrant breed that is extremely tough and individualistic.
PUGs are a vital part of the success, both past and present, of the Palm platform.
Pugs are definitely playful and they like to have fun.
Pugs are different and have special needs.
Pugs are dogs.
PUGs are easy to start.
Pugs are extremely loyal and patient little creatures.
Pugs are funny little dogs.
Pugs are generally very good with children and are a great family pet.
Pugs are known for being sociable and gentle companion dogs .
Pugs are little dogs, with a big heart.
Pugs are mammals and mammals shed.
Pugs are rare in some places.
Pugs are really cute.
Pugs are short coated and require little grooming.
Pugs are show, breeding and pet quality.
Pugs are small dogs thus have small bladders.
Pugs are small dogs, thus they can do well in an apartment environment.
Pugs are social animals and love to be petted, groomed and played with.
Pugs are terriers.
Pugs are the best dogs ever.
Pugs are the greatest pets.
Pugs are toy dogs.
Pugs are truly the best dogs to have.
Pugs are very loving and loyal friends.
Pugs are very strong for their size, but are no match for a larger dog.
Pugs are vulnerable to high temperatures and humidity.
Pugs can also get a serious disease in their spine .
Pugs can also get a serious disease in their spine.
Pugs can get overweight .
Pugs can get overweight.
Pugs carry their heads high, with dignity and pride.
Pugs combine a cocky confidence with a friendly, sensitive nature and a unique personality.
Pugs come in two colors black and fawn.
Pugs do shed year round.
Pugs do tend to have genetic problems which can lead to expensive vet bills.
Pugs do tend to life long lives and are prone to very few diseases.
Pugs enjoy energetic games in which they receive moderate levels of exercise.
Pugs even make good watchdogs since they pack a big bark for such a small dog.
Pugs have a lot of trouble with it, due to the fact that there nose is pushed in.
Pugs have a sense of humor.
Pugs have a very long life span.
Pugs have a wonderful temperment.
Pugs have genetic flaws , like any other breed.
Pugs have small litters, so good breeders often have a waiting list.
Pugs have strong , straight legs and laid back shoulders .
Pugs have strong, straight legs and laid back shoulders.
Pugs love biting in dried buffleskin bones.
Pugs love people, most of all kids.
Pugs love to be given lots of attention, love to rough house, and love to cuddle.
Pugs love to eat.
Pugs possess great charm.
Pugs seem to love everyone equally and energetically.
Pugs tend to snore and wheeze quite a bit too.
Pugs tend to snort, grunt, sneeze, purr, and snore.
Pugs think for themselves, and are smart enough to get into trouble.
Some pugs can neither mate nor give birth without human help.
Some pugs go through their lives without any eye problems, some have chronic problems.
Some Pugs stay in foster longer than others.
Pugilism is a contact sport
Pugilism is another term for the sport of boxing.
Pugliese cuisine is based on olive oil, one of the great products of the region.
Puka shells are back in style and going fast.
A pul is an unit
Puls set a new school record for the event and took first place.
A pula is an unit
Pula dove safely head first into home under the tag.
Pula is also our main unit of currency.
Pula is located at the tip of the Istrian peninsula on the Adriatic Sea.
Pulas are cities.
Pulaski soils are on nearby areas.
Pull outs have a statistically high association with deployment problems.
Pull quotes are a useful tool to add emphasis and reinforce ideas.
Pull quotes do more than just fill.
Pull quotes reinforce ideas.
Pull stations are devices that can be manually activated to signal a fire.
Pull stations are near each exit on each floor.
Pull strategies are where the majority of online training dollars are currently being spent.
Pull switches require the person to pull away from the switch.
Pull tabs are also available for the avid gambler.
Pull tabs are available.
Pull equals Desire.
Pull is advantage.
Pull is an actuation
Pull is constrained both by commitments to deliver at a given rate and by demand.
Pull is devices.
Pull is effort.
Pull is forces.
Pull is over when forward motion of sled is stopped or when red flag is dropped.
Pull is propulsion.
Pulls are best of three, the choice of first end being decided by the toss of a coin.
Pulls are easiest from the first string, but they can be done from the others also.
Pulls complete files for the admission counselors to make decision.
Pulls cord to cause movement of shade to detect and adjust functioning defects.
Pulls curd knives through curd or separates curd with hand scoop to release whey.
Pulls end of fabric strip from hand reel and starts strip around end of hose.
Pulls end of floor covering sheet through winder and secures sheet to empty spindle, using tape.
Pulls ends of sliver from creel and feeds sliver into feed rollers of cutter.
Pulls feel good, but they feel good for all the wrong reasons.
Pulls folder for previous borrowers.
Pulls given are theoretical.
Pulls grenade pin.
Pulls handle that lowers knife and cuts wrapper leaf in shape of die.
Pulls hat down over block to shape crown.
Pulls horizontally swinging ram over dies to cut out parts.
Pulls hose off hose bed.
Pulls hose on inspection form or over mending cup to locate defects.
Pulls jaw from skull, using jaw pulling machine, bar, or chisel.
Pulls levers to engage and secure cylinder in chucks.
Pulls particles together to mid-april a simple introduction to.
Pulls particles together to.
Pulls pipettes with gradual taper at tip to facilitate holding cells.
Pulls plug to automatically pour specified amount of thermit material into mold box.
Pulls PTSD out by the roots.
Pulls records for therapists as requested.
Pulls self up from back-lying when hands are grasped.
Pulls stem to center filament, using tweezers.
Pulls strands back and forth with fingers until woven part forms color or pattern design of article.
Pulls sweat away and gets rid of it quickly Designed to breath Machine wash and dry.
Pulls switches to start machine, exhaust fans, and burners.
Pulls thougth multiple sheets or no sheets.
Pulls together facts from many sources.
Pulls tray from cabinet after hose have dried for specified time.
Pulls tray from under steam plate and removes garments after piston automatically lowers.
Pulls used on doors and drawers are die cast zinc, triple coated with chrome plating.
Pulls walk in request for original charts.
A pullback is a withdrawal
Pullbacks seem to focus on one sector of the market versus the entire market.
Pulldown menus are available based on database configuration.
Pulldown menus can also contain nested submenus called cascading menus.
Pulldown resistors are often a source of trouble.
A puller is a mover
Pullers also love to yank on the part of the hanging feeder that sticks into their hutch.
Pullers are movers.
Pullers are workers.
Pullers have the strength to shake all of the feed pellets out of the feeder.
Some pullers are able to pull with such force they're able to make the hutch rattle.
A pullet is a hen
Pullets are females, or hens.
Pullets are hens.
Pullets are young female poultry.
Pullets have a yellow spot on the top of the head, and dark gray or black toes.
Pullets having access to a yard or range can supplement their diet with green feed.
Pullets seem to have more pepper in their wings than cockerels.
All pulley axles are stainless steel.
A pulley is a machine
Pulley isa mechanism.
Pulleys are a derivation of the wheel and axle above.
Pulleys are another good example.
Pulleys are good for moving objects to hard to reach places.
Pulleys are located in gyms.
Pulleys are machines.
Pulleys are mechanical devices.
Pulleys are most useful when purchased in a pair.
Pulleys are motorcycle rims.
Pulleys are tools.
Pulleys are useful in construction sites .
Pulleys are useful in construction sites.
Pulleys Find out how to make pulleys with junk material and how pulleys work.
Pulleys have (part) sections.
Pulleys help students with load, effort and advantage using a simple machine.
Pulleys serve a very important function in a robot.
Pulleys turn, belts move and machines roar into motion.
All pulleys are qualified and replaced as necessary and new drive belts are provided.
Pulling is capable of opening doors.
Pullman accommodations are limited to one roomette per person.
Pullman category is upper and lower berth.
Pullman soils are on the surrounding uplands and have argillic horizons.
Pullman workers go on strike.
Pullout force is measured automatically by the instrument as the needle is pulled out of the skin.
A pullout is a retreat
Some pullouts offer the ability to filter water.
A pullover is a sweater
Pullover features suede gun pads on each shoulder and elbow patches.
Pullover is designed with side buttons at the left and side slits for walking ease.
Pullover is gently oversized and features straight dolman sleeves and cozy funnel collar.
Pullover isa jumper.
Pullover isa sweater.
Pullover Lie back on a flat bench.
Pullovers are dresses.
Pullovers are sweaters.
Pullovers are, amongst other things, a great lat builder and a fun superset transition.
Pullovers have (part) button holes.
Pullovers have (part) collars.
Pullovers have (part) cuffs.
Pullovers have (part) hems.
Pullovers have (part) lap covering.
Pullovers have (part) pocket flaps.
Pullovers have (part) pockets.
Pullovers have (part) sections.
Pullovers have (part) skirts.
Pullovers have (part) sleeve.
PullRite brackets are slightly more expensive, but are made to bolt to existing holes in the frame.
Pulmonary activity is negligible even immediately after injection.
Pulmonary angiograms show lobulated defects in the dye column filling the pulmonary arteries.
Pulmonary angiography is accurate, but invasive and expensive.
Pulmonary angiography is costly and invasive.
Pulmonary angiography is diagnostic gold standard.
Pulmonary angiography is the gold standard in making the diagnosis.
Pulmonary angiography is the second diagnostic tool.
Pulmonary angiography is the third method of discerning IPVDs.
Pulmonary anthrax follows rapid multiplication of spores in the mediastinal lymph nodes.
Pulmonary anthrax is anthrax
Pulmonary arteriogram reveals pulmonary multiple AVMs.
A pulmonary artery is an artery
Pulmonary arteries are arteries.
Pulmonary arteries bring blood.
Pulmonary arteries carry blood from the heart to the lungs.
Pulmonary arteries carry blood.
Pulmonary arteries contain a greater concentration of oxygen than do pulmonary veins.
Pulmonary arteries deliver blood.
Pulmonary arteries lead to lungs.
Pulmonary arteries run closely with bronchi.
Pulmonary artery carries blood low in oxygen from the right ventricle to the lungs.
Most pulmonary arteries bring blood.
Most pulmonary arteries carry blood.
Most pulmonary arteries deliver blood.
Most pulmonary arteries lead to lungs.
Some pulmonary arteries carry blood carbon dioxide.
Some pulmonary arteries carry dioxide.
Pulmonary atresia can be congenital or acquired.
Some pulmonary blood mixes with blood.
Pulmonary cachexia is associated with early mortality.
Pulmonary cancer is the leading cause of cancer-related deaths.
Pulmonary capillaries are site where oxygen is picked up and carbon dioxide is given off.
Pulmonary capillaries can collapse, and do so rapidly over a small change in transmural pressure.
Pulmonary care refers to the medical specialty devoted to the lungs.
Pulmonary cases are of particular concern since disease transmission can occur.
Pulmonary circulation begins with the right heart.
Pulmonary circulation enhances the diffusion of dissolved gases into and out of lung capillaries.
Pulmonary circulation is circulation
Pulmonary circulation is circulation.
Pulmonary circulation is normally at much lower blood pressures than the Systemic circulation.
Pulmonary coccidioidomycosis is an infection caused by the inhalation of arthrospores.
Pulmonary complication is the main cause of death.
Pulmonary complications are due to a number of factors.
Pulmonary complications seem to be inextricably tied to sinus conditions.
Pulmonary complications tends to occur earlier in the illness than other complications.
Pulmonary compromise is increased because of lower lung volumes.
Pulmonary contusion is a major component of the injury complex.
Pulmonary cyst is a cystic formation in one lobe of the lung.
Pulmonary damage is a requisite for infectious quality.
Pulmonary disease can cause right ventricular hypertrophy and failure.
Pulmonary disease is common.
Pulmonary diseases are caused by deficiencies.
Pulmonary diseases are on the rise today due to the extensive iatrogenic pollution in our world.
Pulmonary diseases cause breathe difficulty.
Pulmonary diseases cause difficulty.
Pulmonary diseases include emphysema.
Most pulmonary diseases are caused by deficiencies.
Most pulmonary diseases cause breathe difficulty.
Most pulmonary diseases cause difficulty.
Some pulmonary diseases affect adults.
Pulmonary edema can develop rapidly.
Pulmonary edema does present with a prominent peribronchial pattern.
Pulmonary edema is a common cause of death.
Pulmonary edema is a disorder where the lungs become filled with fluid.
Pulmonary edema is a frequent finding.
Pulmonary edema is a life-threatening condition.
Pulmonary edema is a serious emergency and the causes are many. etc.
Pulmonary edema is an acute complication of left ventricular failure.
Pulmonary edema is cardiovascular complications.
Pulmonary edema is classified as either high pressure or permeability pulmonary edema.
Pulmonary edema is evidenced by difficulty breathing and sometimes blue gums.
Pulmonary edema is fluid in the lungs.
Pulmonary edema is lung diseases.
Pulmonary edema is signs.
Pulmonary edema is the abnormal accumulation of fluid outside the vascular space of the lung.
Pulmonary edema is the accumulation of fluid in the extravascular spaces of the lungs.
Pulmonary edema is the most severe manifestation of pulmonary venous congestion.
Pulmonary edema is treated along conventional lines, as needed.
Pulmonary edema is unrelated to gas embolism from pulmonary barotrauma or decompression accidents.
Pulmonary edema is water in the lungs.
Pulmonary edema presents a threat of suffocation.
Pulmonary edema seems to be more common in fresh water aspiration.
Some pulmonary effects associate with smoke.
Some pulmonary effects associate with tobacco smoke.
Pulmonary emboli are a major cause of death following operation.
Pulmonary emboli are to be avoided at all costs, so thrombophlebitis needs to be avoided.
Pulmonary emboli can be life threatening or fatal in some circumstances.
Pulmonary emboli can be very dangerous.
Pulmonary embolism can be difficult to detect.
Pulmonary embolism can be fatal.
Pulmonary embolism is a common cause of sudden death in perioperative brain tumor patients.
Pulmonary embolism is a frequent and potentially fatal disorder.
Pulmonary embolism is a serious condition that requires immediate medical attention.
Pulmonary embolism is a very serious condition and one of the leading causes of sudden death.
Pulmonary embolism is difficult to diagnose.
Pulmonary embolism is diseases.
Pulmonary embolism is embolism
Pulmonary embolism is embolism.
Pulmonary embolism is lung diseases.
Pulmonary embolism is the most feared cause of chest pain when breathing.
Pulmonary embolism occurs when a clot circulates and lodges in the lungs and can cause sudden death.
Pulmonary embolism refers to the presence of blood clots in the blood vessels of the lungs.
Pulmonary embolism requires immediate medical care.
Pulmonary embolus is a blockage of an artery in the lungs by fat, air, tumor tissue, or blood clot.
Pulmonary embolus is a lung obsturction.
Pulmonary eosinophilia is a prominent response to infection with pneumonia virus of mice.
Pulmonary examination shows that surgery is permitted.
Pulmonary fibrosis can lead to prolonged mechanical ventilation and lung dysfunction.
Pulmonary fibrosis causes a cystic appearance, or honeycombing, within the lungs.
Pulmonary fibrosis is a complicated, chronic illness that can derive from many different causes.
Pulmonary fibrosis is a devastating disease, like cancer, with a high mortality rate.
Pulmonary fibrosis is rare.
Pulmonary fibrosis is the abnormal formation of fiberlike scar tissue in the lungs.
Pulmonary fibrosis occurs when the thin layer of tissue around the lung's alveoli are damaged.
Pulmonary function declines.
Pulmonary function is compromised in children with mediastinal lymphoma.
Pulmonary function is monitored at each clinic visit.
Pulmonary function is normal.
Pulmonary function is the best predictor of disease progression in people with cystic fibrosis.
Pulmonary function varies with age and level of injury.
Pulmonary hamartomas occur more common in males.
Pulmonary hemorrhage is less common in the Western Hemisphere.
Pulmonary hemorrhages are most often mild and continuous but can be severe.
Pulmonary hemosiderosis is an uncommon condition that results from bleeding in the lungs.
Pulmonary hygiene includes breathing exercises and postural drainage.
Pulmonary hypersensitivity is rare.
Pulmonary hypertension affects only the blood vessels in the lung.
Pulmonary hypertension can be difficult to diagnose.
Pulmonary hypertension can have many causes.
Pulmonary hypertension can occur by itself, but is often caused by an existing disease.
Pulmonary hypertension develops as a response to increased resistance to blood flow.
Pulmonary hypertension has nothing to do with systemic hypertension.
Pulmonary hypertension is a chronic life-threatening disease that cripples the lungs and heart.
Pulmonary hypertension is a diagnosis of exclusion.
Pulmonary hypertension is a disorder of the blood vessels in the lungs.
Pulmonary hypertension is a prominent feature of such cases.
Pulmonary hypertension is a rare disorder in which the pressure in the lungs is too great.
Pulmonary hypertension is a serious disease , and it can be fatal .
Pulmonary hypertension is a serious disease, and it can be fatal.
Pulmonary hypertension is a serious problem.
Pulmonary hypertension is a very rare condition.
Pulmonary hypertension is elevated blood pressure in the lungs.
Pulmonary hypertension is high blood pressure in the arteries leading to the lungs.
Pulmonary hypertension is high blood pressure in the lungs.
Pulmonary hypertension is lung diseases.
Pulmonary hypertension is regularly present in respiratory failure.
Pulmonary hypertension makes the heart sound different.
Pulmonary hypertension means that the blood pressure in the pulmonary artery is too high.
Pulmonary hypertension refers to an abnormally elevated blood pressure within the pulmonary system.
Some pulmonary hypertension leads to enlargements.
Pulmonary hypoplasia is often present secondary to the bilateral renomegaly.
Pulmonary infection can also occur.
Pulmonary infection can resemble symptoms seen in tuberculosis.
Pulmonary infections are much more difficult to contract than cutaneous.
Pulmonary infections resemble invasive aspergillosis.
Pulmonary involvement can produce chest pain, cough, and hemoptysis.
Pulmonary involvement is common in almost all patients.
Pulmonary involvement is frequent.
Pulmonary involvement is rare and symptoms of dyspnea usually indicate congestive heart failure.
Pulmonary involvement is rare.
Pulmonary involvement is the second most common manifestation.
Pulmonary involvement is uncommon.
Pulmonary involvement is usually blood borne.
Pulmonary lobectomy appears to be effective in treating localized pulmonary metastasis.
Pulmonary manifestation includes hemoptysis, cough, chest discomfort, and dyspnea.
Pulmonary medicine is a very diversified field.
Pulmonary metastases are often resectable.
Pulmonary nodules are much more commonly found than are lung cancers or benign lung tumors.
Pulmonary oedema dilutes and removes the normal surfactant.
Pulmonary oedema impedes obviously the air to circulate within the lungs where water increases.
Pulmonary oedema occurs most frequently after delivery.
Pulmonary patients can respond particularly well to treatment in a rehabilitative setting.
Pulmonary plethysmographs are used to measure functional residual capacity.
Pulmonary plexuses are continuous with the cardiac plexus at the tracheal bifurcation.
Pulmonary rehabilitation can be an effective part of management.
Pulmonary rehabilitation does improve the symptoms of dyspnea and health-related quality of life.
Pulmonary rehabilitation helps individuals with lung disease lead a more active life.
Pulmonary rehabilitation improves frailty in ambulatory patients with chronic lung diseases.
Pulmonary rehabilitation including conditioning and breathing techniques is helpful.
Pulmonary rehabilitation increases gait speed in patients with chronic lung diseases.
Pulmonary rehabilitation is offered as part of our cardiopulmonary services.
Pulmonary rehabilitation uses a multi-disciplinary approach.
Pulmonary resistance is increased while compliance is decreased.
Pulmonary respiration is many times more efficient than cutaneous respiration.
Pulmonary sarcoidosis can cause loss of lung volume and increased lung stiffness.
Pulmonary sarcoidosis is a common condition with an unpredictable course.
Pulmonary sarcoidosis is treated with corticosteroids.
Pulmonary signs are few in uncomplicated acute bronchitis.
Pulmonary stenosis can vary from mild to severe.
Pulmonary stenosis is classified as mild, moderate, severe and critical.
Pulmonary stenosis is stenosis.
Pulmonary stenosis is stricture
Pulmonary stenosis is the second most common congenital heart disease.
Pulmonary stenosis is then a narrowing of the pulmonary valve.
Pulmonary studies demonstrate that breathing cold air provokes asthma.
Pulmonary surfactant is altered during mechanical ventilation of isolated rat lung.
Pulmonary surfactant is composed almost entirely of surface active phospholipids.
Pulmonary surfactant is degraded during the inflammatory process, and the lungs collapse.
Some pulmonary symptoms associate with infection.
Pulmonary thromboembolism can lead to death.
Pulmonary thromboembolism can occur secondary to hyperadrenocorticism and is often fatal.
Pulmonary thromboembolism is a commonly recognised disorder in human medicine.
Pulmonary toxicity is infrequent and almost always reversible.
A pulmonary trunk is a pulmonary artery
Pulmonary trunk carries blood low in oxygen from the right atrium to the lungs.
Pulmonary trunk is anterior to the aorta.
Pulmonary tuberculosis is most common.
Pulmonary tuberculosis is the most common form of the disease, but other organs can be infected.
Pulmonary tuberculosis is tuberculosis
Pulmonary tuberculosis is tuberculosis.
Pulmonary vasculitis occurs in a wide variety of the systemic vasculitides as well.
Pulmonary vasoconstriction is mediated by several different mechanisms.
Pulmonary vasodilator responses to vagal stimulation and acetylcholine in the cat.
Pulmonary veins are exceptions because they carry oxygenated blood from lungs to the heart.
Pulmonary veins bring blood.
Pulmonary veins carry blood.
Most pulmonary veins bring blood.
Most pulmonary veins carry blood.
Pulmonic consonants are made by obstructing air coming from the lungs.
Pulmonic stenosis can be difficult to distinguish from subaortic stenosis based on auscultation.
Pulp cavities contain nerves.
Pulp fiber contains proteins.
Pulp fiction dominates best-seller lists.
Pulp mill sites have areas.
Pulp mill wastes as potential livestock feed.
Pulp mills are also a major source of such pollution.
Pulp mills use bleaching to produce white paper products.
Pulp mills use large quantities of water to wash process chemicals off the paper fibers.
Pulp novels have that kind of magical quality.
Pulp polyps reach a maximum size within a couple of months and then remain static.
Pulp production requires consumption.
Pulp adds second London date to UK tour . . .
Pulp are currently in the studio working on a new album.
Pulp becomes damaged and infection spreads to the bone and tissues.
Pulp Come here for pictures , band info, links and other stuff.
Pulp comes out dry.
Pulp contains the nerve tissue and blood vessels which supply nutrients to the tooth.
Pulp has (part) sections.
Pulp has smooth texture, excellent flavor, very juicy.
Pulp is a soft fluffy material composed of the separated fibres of a plant material.
Pulp is a very popular Paraguayan soft drink.
Pulp is an intermediate step between trees in the forest and finished paper.
Pulp is bleached with chlorine or other chemicals to make it white, and washed again.
Pulp is bleached with chlorine to make it white and washed again.
Pulp is cellulose.
Pulp is custard like, sweet and contains numerous seeds.
Pulp is dryer than in most fruits.
Pulp is easy to remove when wet, difficult to remove when dry.
Pulp is eaten fresh or sun-dried.
Pulp is ejected continuously.
Pulp is firm, starchy and slightly tart.
Pulp is firm.
Pulp is formed by the inner cells of the dental papilla.
Pulp is full of seeds.
Pulp is green, very juicy and slightly acid resembling a cross between pineapple and strawberry.
Pulp is ill-smelling when decaying and surrounds an edible nut or seed.
Pulp is imported mainly from North America and Scandinavia.
Pulp is ivory color and firm.
Pulp is light strawberry.
Pulp is located in fruit.
Pulp is magazines.
Pulp is mass
Pulp is mass.
Pulp is mellow and practically all starch has been changed to fruit sugars.
Pulp is ore.
Pulp is packed in two types.
Pulp is pale red.
Pulp is part of tooths.
Pulp is plant tissue.
Pulp is pre-beaten and drained of excess water.
Pulp is processed cellulose, the principal structural material in plant cells.
Pulp is produced by chemical digesting wood chips with caustic soda and reduction in a disk refiner.
Pulp is produced by the digester after a one to three-hour cook.
Pulp is quite tart, but makes a sauce resembling cranberry.
Pulp is screened, rolled into new paper and sold to print shops and paper wholesalers.
Pulp is sweet enough for pies.
Pulp is the fifth largest consumer of energy in industry.
Pulp is the largest commodity export to Europe and the second largest to Asia.
Pulp is the material paper is made from.
Pulp is the stuff created in the manufacturing stages between wood chips and finished paper.
Pulp is translucent yellow, with an acidic flavour.
Pulp is transported down a pipeline, making operations that much easier.
Pulp is used as a preserve to make a drink like a liqueur.
Pulp is very flavorful and sweet.
Pulp is white and tasty.
Pulp isa object.
Pulp produced from hybrid poplars can be a good substitute for that obtained from aspens.
Pulp provides the fiber content in the furnish, which is used to form paper.
All pulp is churned out by a rotor at high speed, and that pressure forces out all the juice.
More pulp yields a lower sugar count and is more disease resistant.
Pulped wood is used to make paper.
Pulpit Rock looms over the lakes.
A pulpit is a platform
Pulpits vary in cost.
A pulpwood is a deal
Pulpwood accounts for about one-third of the annual harvest value of Mississippi's forest products.
Pulpwood depends largely on the species cut and the pulping process.
Pulpwood includes trees that are used to produce paper products.
Pulpwood is found in cellophane, rayon, film and hundreds of other articles.
Pulpwood is the chief forest product, but some lumber is produced.
Pulpwood is the main product, but lumber and naval stores are also harvested.
Pulpwood is the raw material for the manufacture of newsprint.
Pulpwood is used to make chips for pulp and paper manufacturing.
Pulpwood is wood intended to be made into wood pulp, to produce paper and other pulp-based products.
Pulpwoods are softwoods.
Pulpy fruit grows on trees.
A pulsar is a neutron star
Pulsars are actually a manifestation of the exotic stars known as neutron stars .
Pulsars are among the fastest objects in the galaxy.
Pulsars are believed to be neutron stars that are spinning very rapidly.
Pulsars are compact, pulsed sources of polarized emission.
Pulsars are considered to be rotating neutron stars, remnants of some supernovas.
Pulsars are dead stars that rotate extremely fast, sometimes several hundred times a second.
Pulsars are extremely accurate clocks.
Pulsars are located in universes.
Pulsars are neutron stars formed by the collapse of massive stars during supernova explosions.
Pulsars are neutron stars formed in the collapse of massive stars in supernova explosions.
Pulsars are neutron stars that emit highly rhythmic radio pulses.
Pulsars are neutron stars that emit pulses of radiation once per rotation.
Pulsars are neutron stars that radiate energy at regular periods See.
Pulsars are neutron stars that spin rapidly as they emit powerful beacons of radio waves.
Pulsars are neutron stars which emit beams of radiation.
Pulsars are neutron stars, collapsed remnants of much bigger stars that have exploded as supernovae.
Pulsars are neutron stars, which are themselves the collapsed cores of supernovae.
Pulsars are 'neutron stars', which form in the aftermath of a supernova explosion.
Pulsars are neutron stars.
Pulsars are only dangerous when they are pulsing.
Pulsars are real.
Pulsars are really a sub-class of neutron stars.
Pulsars are simple in theory, but complex in reality.
Pulsars are the collapsed cores of massive stars left behind after supernova explosions.
Pulsars are the result of supernovae explosions.
Pulsars are thus very accurate celestial clocks.
Pulsars are usually very far away so little visible light reaches the earth.
Pulsars are very easy to detect with radio waves because of the rapid fluctuations.
Pulsars are very small, dense stars known as neutron stars.
Pulsars emit electromagnetic radiation in all regions of the spectrum, visible as well as radio.
Pulsars emit radio pulses at fixed intervals as small as a few milliseconds.
Pulsars emit radio waves extremely regularly as they rotate.
Pulsars emit tremendous bursts of energy in radio, visible light, and x-ray wavelengths.
Pulsars emitting visible light look like normal stars.
Pulsars get their name because their emissions appear to turn on and off, or pulse, very rapidly.
Pulsars keep exceptionally good time.
Pulsars live billions of years.
Pulsars make exceptional clocks, which enable a number of unique astronomical experiments.
Pulsars make incredible accurate time keepers.
Pulsars make incredibly accurate clocks.
Pulsars originate when an old, massive star explodes as a supernova.
Pulsars radiate away their rotational energy.
Pulsars radiate just like main-sequence stars.
Pulsars rival the world's ensemble of atomic clocks in timekeeping stability.
Pulsars send radio flashes sweeping across the sky like lighthouse beacons.
Pulsars show coherent radio emissions and powerful X-ray emissions.
Pulsars slow down with increasing age.
Pulsars sweep out their radio beacons with remarkable regularity.
All pulsars lie close to the braking curves calculated for their respective polar magnetic fields.
All pulsars produce a wind of highly energetic electrons.
Most pulsars are single neutron stars but they can also exist in a binary orbit with a companion.
Some pulsars also emit X-rays .
Some pulsars are observed to lie within supernova remnants.
Some pulsars rotate several hundred times per second.
Pulsation fails if the liners are unable to collapse because the teat penetrates too deeply.
Pulsation is a wave
Pulsation is more pronounced on the discharge side of the blower.
Pulsation is phenomenons.
Pulsation is waves.
Pulsation moves the cilia back and forth, which helps restore normal movement of the cilia.
Pulsations is unified by a two-note motive symbolizing a heart beat.
Pulsations occur at magnetically quiet as well as disturbed times.
Pulsations torment the young, satisfy the mature, and desert the senile.
Every pulsation is felt like the blow of a hammer in the base of the skull.
Pulse amplitude is stated in volts.
Pulse deficits are present when the pulse rate is less than the heart rate.
Pulse generators are part of radar.
Most pulse generators are part of radar.
Pulse lasers pulse and sparks fly when they hit their target.
Pulse oximeters measure the arterial oxygen saturation of haemoglobin.
Pulse oximeters rely on the differential absorption of light to make their measurement.
A pulse rate is a rate
A pulse rate is a vital sign
Pulse rate drops to normal rate.
Pulse rate drops to normal.
Pulse rate is measured using a monitor attached to the ear.
Pulse rate is one of the vital signs the ring can currently measure.
Pulse rate is picked up by placing a finger tip on the pickup sensor in the center of the unit.
Pulse rates reach near performance levels as people stand motionless at the starting line.
Pulse rates rise.
Pulse rates vary from person to person.
Pulse taking is a complex mixture of Chinese and Ayervedic styles.
Pulse trains are rather regular in nature.
Pulse trains occur continuously at programmed rate, delay and width settings.
Pulse waves stimulate blood vessel growth.
Pulse waves stimulate growth.
Most pulse waves stimulate blood vessel growth.
Most pulse waves stimulate growth.
All pulse widths are completely definable by the user.
A pulse is a wave
Pulse assumes no liability for their accuracy or use.
Pulse can help.
Pulse has something for everybody, including house, soul, industrial, funk, tribal, techno and more.
Pulse hits wall.
Pulse is a community resource.
Pulse is a network inventory management system.
Pulse is a rapidly growing firm that developed a platform for interactive media on the Internet.
Pulse is a unique blend of leading edge technology with a strong sense of community.
Pulse is a unit of conversation duration through telephone connection.
Pulse is activated after a customer takes delivery of a machine.
Pulse is an equal opportunity employer.
Pulse is an internal phenomenon while meter is an external one.
Pulse is committed to and expects quality performance from every employee.
Pulse is currently weak in marketing and patient information.
Pulse is deep and slow.
Pulse is distributed throughout the United States, Canada and Europe to thousands of companies.
Pulse is empty, weak, or thready.
Pulse is fast and weak, breathing becomes rapid and shallow.
Pulse is fast at first, then slows doen until very slow and irregular.
Pulse is full and strong.
Pulse is generally hard.
Pulse is high, breating is deep and slow.
Pulse is incredibly high.
Pulse is measured in beats per minute.
Pulse is one of three or four proprietary solutions.
Pulse is optional.
Pulse is perhaps the world's most nutritious snack food.
Pulse is rapid and slippery.
Pulse is rapid, tongue is red with a sticky, yellow coating.
Pulse is slippery.
Pulse is slow, and while the temperature rises, it again falls.
Pulse is slow, pupils are dilated, and breathing is shallow.
Pulse is strong.
Pulse is superficial and slippery.
Pulse is the complete entertainment guide.
Pulse is the unit of measuring conversation through a telephone connection.
Pulse is thought to have a biological as well as musical basis.
Pulse is thready and rapid.
Pulse is thready and taut.
Pulse is thready.
Pulse is tight and superficial.
Pulse is tight.
Pulse is up.
Pulse is usually rapid.
Pulse is vegetable food.
Pulse is weak and empty especially in the Middle position of the right hand.
Pulse is weak and fast.
Pulse is weak and rapid.
Pulse is weak and slow.
Pulse is weak in such cases, calling for stimulants.
Pulse is weak, irregular or non-existent.
Pulse is weak.
Pulse is wirey.
Pulse is wiry and rapid.
Pulse isa happening.
Pulse isa occurrence.
Pulse provides a calendar of continuing educational opportunities.
Pulse provides market data and news on the world's financial trading.
Pulse uses three rapid blasts of energy.
Pulse weighs six ounces and has a closed length of four inches.
Pulses also contain carbohydrate , some vitamins and minerals .
Pulses also get fatter or more spread out, as a result of chromatic dispersion.
Pulses also have potential in extruded snack foods.
Pulses also retain an important place.
Pulses are a good source of carbohydrate, protein, fibre and calcium, iron, thiamine and riboflavin.
Pulses are a great source of nutrients for people.
Pulses are a means of evaluating large vessels.
Pulses are a principal source of protein in the diet.
Pulses are a single wave bump Continuous waves are formed by a series of pulses.
Pulses are all normal.
Pulses are an important source of protein in the diets of many people around the world.
Pulses are an important source of protein in the Indian diet.
Pulses are equal in all extremities.
Pulses are equal in the extremities.
Pulses are excellent sources of complex carbohydrates, folic acid, potassium and B vitamins.
Pulses are full.
Pulses are good too.
Pulses are good.
Pulses are high protein foods and good natural sources of fiber, B vitamins and minerals.
Pulses are imaginary, just like the meridians.
Pulses are intact and equal in both legs.
Pulses are legumes.
Pulses are normal and equal.
Pulses are normal in the affected leg, however capillary refill time is three seconds.
Pulses are normal, and the arm often has a dusky color and mottling.
Pulses are normal.
Pulses are palpable in the foot.
Pulses are rates.
Pulses are rich in niacin but devoid of vitamin C and poor in riboflavin.
Pulses are short, collapsing with an occasional deficit.
Pulses are slightly weak.
Pulses are strong and regular.
Pulses are the result of difference between systolic and diastolic status of the vasculature.
Pulses are very low in fat, but they are filling.
Pulses are very weak in all extremities.
Pulses are vital signs.
Pulses can be repetitive, so a continuous beam of vortices is projected.
Pulses contain insoluble and soluble fibre and help guard against constipation.
Pulses deliver less energy and less heat collects at the receiving end.
Pulses feel like the snap of a rubber band.
Pulses follow negative pulses.
Pulses follow pulses.
Pulses have effects.
Pulses have good seed colour but small seeds, with many growers grading.
Pulses have profound effects.
Pulses literally flow through the apparatus from the dynamo.
Pulses offer evidence.
Pulses repeat at very regular intervals.
Pulses reveals one's own state of health.
Pulses seem weaker than normal.
All pulses are palpable in the extremity including dorsalis pedis and posterior tibialis.
Every pulse is packed with subtle inflection.
Most pulses follow negative pulses.
Most pulses have effects.
Most pulses have profound effects.
Most pulses offer evidence.
Some pulses alter productivity.
Some pulses create barriers.
Some pulses create psychological barriers.
Some pulses go to independent inputs.
Some pulses move fast while others have a slower beat.
Some pulses result in growth.
Some pulses result in noticeable growth.
Pulsed combustion can result in combustion with a pressure gain.
Pulsed light can cause epileptic seizure in susceptible persons.
Pulsed light is bounced off a distant plastic reflector and is collected by a nearby light receiver.
Pulsed light is thus more effective at delivering light energy for curing where it is needed most.
Pulsed light kills high levels of microorganisms and deactivates certain enzymes with high speed.
Pulsed magnets are very important for materials research.
Pulsed magnets provide brief, but extreme magnetic fields.
Pulsed output helps avoid clogging or polarization of the tip of the pipette.
Pulsed tracking allows waves of interviewing to be precisely times to coincide with media schedules.
Pulsed tracking does have some advantages.
Most pulser sections have very low impedance outputs to better drive transducers.
Pulverized eggshells are an excellent source of grit.
Pulverized lime is finely ground.
Pulverized limestone is delivered to the facility.
Pulverized limestone is the most common and inexpensive acid neutralizer.
Pulverized limestone is the most effective form of agricultural limestone.
Pulverized limestone is used as a soil conditioner to neutralize acidic soils.
Pulverized materials are more likely to burn than pelleted or granulated materials.
Pulverized seeds are mixed with oil and applied topically to inflamed sites.
Pulverized wood is blown into the cyclonic burner where it oxidizes immediately.
A puma is a wildcat
Puma never compromises on quality.
Puma provides the connection between corporate databases and far-flung devices.
Pumas are carnivores.
Pumas are living animals.
Pumas are weapons.
Pumas are wild cats.
Many PUMAs are single counties.
Most pumas are a light brown color, with black-tipped ears and tail.
Some puma recently swam over to the island and have taken up residence as well.
A pumice stone is a stone
Pumice stone operates like lava but collects less residue.
Pumice stones work well to knock off the heads of black algae.
Pumice also cools so fast that within a few hours it looks like glass.
Pumice can form from any types of magma, including basalt, andesite, dacite, and rhyolite.
Pumice comes in many shades from cream through to orange.
Pumice consists mainly of glass materials rather than mineral crystals.
Pumice consists of fragments of vesicular magma formed during explosions.
Pumice cools off very quickly and also is associated with gaseous eruptions.
Pumice flow stratigraphic subunits, distal limits of youngest pyroclastic flows and lahars.
Pumice forms from a frothy, silica-rich magma.
Pumice has a natural look and feel, is lightweight, and easily carved.
Pumice has a tendency to break down during use becoming finer as it is used.
Pumice has many air pockets in it which helps it float in water.
Pumice has such a low density it can often float on water.
Pumice is a extrusive igneous rock that is a light yellowish gray.
Pumice is a form of volcanic glass that's filled with holes.
Pumice is a gaseous froth, formed by the expansion of gas in lava.
Pumice is a good choice and is available in the foot care section of many pharmacies.
Pumice is a highly vesicular variety of rhyolite.
Pumice is a lava rock that is hardened foam.
Pumice is a light gray porous lava that is found around certain volcanic vents.
Pumice is a light, porous volcanic rock that forms during explosive eruptions.
Pumice is a light-colored vesicular igneous rock.
Pumice is a rock composed of little more than the sides of tiny bubbles.
Pumice is a stone
Pumice is a very light colored, frothy volcanic rock that is formed from lava that is full of gas.
Pumice is a very light colored, frothy volcanic rock.
Pumice is also handy for easily removing any missed grain, membrane, crust or shallow stains.
Pumice is an example of a pyroclast.
Pumice is an excellent manual cleaner, but too inefficient for use on a daily basis.
Pumice is an igneous rock.
Pumice is coarse tephra, ash is fine-grained tephra.
Pumice is crushed from volcanic rock.
Pumice is derived from cooled lava and is used as polishing and grinding stones.
Pumice is filled with air holes left from escaping gas and is thrown from the crater.
Pumice is foamy volcanic glass, so light that it floats on water.
Pumice is foamy volcanic glass.
Pumice is formed from lava that is full of gas.
Pumice is formed when the pressure on the magma is reduced as it rises to the surface.
Pumice is found in bath tubs.
Pumice is ground up and used today in soaps, abrasive cleansers, and also in polishes.
Pumice is ground volcanic rock.
Pumice is just like obsidian except it is tiny shards of glass.
Pumice is one kind of rock formed by volcanic eruptions that are very explosive.
Pumice is rocks.
Pumice is so light that it actually floats on water.
Pumice is the ash from volcanoes.
Pumice is the exact opposite.
Pumice is the hardened residue of volcanic froth, or very liquid rock highly charged with gases.
Pumice is the principal ingredient in tuff.
Pumice is the seeds and skins of crushed and pressed grapes.
Pumice is thus very light weight.
Pumice is used chiefly as an abrasive and is included in many scouring preparations.
Pumice is used commercially for cleaning and polishing wood, metal, and other surfaces.
Pumice is used for polishing hard things.
Pumice is used in heaps of things like toothpaste, cement, and cosmetic products.
Pumice is used just like a sanding block, but it has the advantage of never getting dull.
Pumice is usually felsic.
Pumice isa material.
Pumice isa stuff.
Pumice scratches the enamel and exposes the porous material underneath, which stains even faster.
Pump blood goes through arteries.
Pump dispensers are more sanitary than bars of soap, and they are disposable.
Pump shotguns are reliable and relatively inexpensive.
Pump stations are an integral part of the collection and conveyance system.
Pump stations associated with airports have additional designated airfield fire fighting trucks.
Pump trucks are avaliable.
A pump is a mechanical device
Pump has many benifits.
Pump is in good condition.
Pump is in off mode of timer controlled circuit.
Pump is isolated from the chamber by a poppet valve.
Pump is made of high-grade plastic.
Pump is made of high-quality aluminum.
Pump is mounted within oven support framework.
Pump is the power source.
Pump starts and runs until cut-out pressure is reached.
Pump starts and stops -Check for dirty ultra filter.
Pumps air out and seals in freshness.
Pumps also provide freedom.
Pumps are a prime example.
Pumps are also a more flexible way to control diabetes.
Pumps are also available for hazardous area classification.
Pumps are also available for sale or for rent.
Pumps are also available in a variety of voltages.
Pumps are available for PTO engine drive.
Pumps are available for PTO or engine drive.
Pumps are available in a variety of pressures and outputs.
Pumps are available with several options which include hose and nozzle kits.
Pumps are driven by electric motors, steam turbines, or internal combustion engines.
Pumps are either submersible or dry.
Pumps are either waterproof or water-resistant with a waterproof cover.
Pumps are electronically programmable, volumetrically accurate, ambulatory infusion pumps.
Pumps are expensive, however, and there are problems with complications and adherence.
Pumps are ideal for pumping abrasives, caustics, corrosives and viscous materials.
Pumps are located in boats.
Pumps are machines.
Pumps are mechanical devices that change pressure at a given flow.
Pumps are mechanical devices.
Pumps are most efficient at only one pressure and flow and are rated accordingly.
Pumps are necessary for coping with the odd wave.
Pumps are now easier to use and smaller.
Pumps are part of fuel systems.
Pumps are shoes.
Pumps are simply yet another potential tool for managing diabetes.
Pumps are solid objects.
Pumps are still definitely in.
Pumps are the heart beat of a functional aquatic system.
Pumps are then thoroughly leak tested to further confirm their integrity.
Pumps are to be maintained in a state of readiness throughout the tow.
Pumps are too clumsy for beginners.
Pumps are untrimmed of commercial design with closed toe and heel.
Pumps are used throughout society for a variety of purposes.
Pumps are useless when the battery goes dead.
Pumps are very individual.
Pumps are very uncommon in the sport.
Pumps arrive to clear gardens, garages and drains in village.
Pumps batch through filter press to remove materials precipitated during treatment.
Pumps can and do fail frequently and almost always unpredictably.
Pumps can burn out, and lightening can cause an electrical spike that destroys a pump.
Pumps can fail.
Pumps catalyze transport of ions or complex organic molecules against their thermodynamic gradients.
Pumps change the engines' oil and transfer fuel.
Pumps Check out our complete line of pump products.
Pumps circulate chilled water, hot water, and cooling tower water.
Pumps circulate fluid throughout the earth loop system.
Pumps circulate the hot water through pipes in the building.
Pumps circulate water and a wave machine keeps water moving around the coral reef.
Pumps come complete with everything including globe.
Pumps come in several varieties, but are generally a centrifugal type, with a rotating impeller.
Pumps come installed and polished river rocks are included.
Pumps come with a filter and a one year warranty.
Pumps control the levels of the lagoons and herbicides are used to control vegetation.
Pumps create pressure gradients.
Pumps deliver insulin much more precisely than anyone can with a syringe or pen injector.
Pumps differ in maximum number of syringes and available operating modes.
Pumps do require attention and maintenance.
Pumps drain water from ice maker to nearest drain.
Pumps dramatically increase the power requirements, complexity, and cost of the system.
Pumps draw off seepage water.
Pumps draw the sewage through deep-rock tunnels under the harbor to Deer Island.
Pumps draw the water up from the sump compartment and back to the respective tanks.
Pumps driven by electric motors provide fresh water to hatchery fish at the Salmon River Hatchery.
Pumps fill the tubes with seawater, which in turn cools the lube oil.
Pumps first inject fine air bubbles into an underground tank of blended sewage.
Pumps get larger as well, increasing operating costs.
Pumps handle of tool to tighten band around hogshead and crimp pinch cleat over end of band.
Pumps handle of tool to tighten band.
Pumps have a lifetime warranty against manufacturer's defects.
Pumps lift river water and melting snow into pipes that carry it eastward.
Pumps located under the road surface drain the water back into the ship channel.
Pumps mediate active transport, and channels are involved with passive transport.
Pumps move only a few hundred ions per second.
Pumps move the oil into and through the pipeline at a pump station.
Pumps now come in different sizes and designs.
Pumps now use regular household current and can be quickly installed.
Pumps placed strategically can remove the remainder.
Pumps provide long, reliable and economic service and are ready to be placed in operation.
Pumps provide strong, broadband coherent energy.
Pumps remain onboard to remove any leakage.
Pumps remove the air from the tank, creating a vacuum between the tank and the diaphragm.
Pumps represent a nontrivial capital outlay.
Pumps require a lot of maintenance, a constant supply of power and more frequent repairs.
Pumps require either periodic maintenance or repair, or replacement.
Pumps require special care.
Pumps send algae rich water to the sealed harvest building.
Pumps sludge to digester.
Pumps stop working due to loss of power, power surges, mechanical failure, etc.
Pumps supply head to the system, turbines remove it.
Pumps use up energy and pump ions through the membrane in a single direction.
Pumps used in liquid systems require some method of screening out or cutting solid material.
All pumps are a two-stage design.
All pumps are in stock for immediate delivery.
All pumps are single phase and dual speed.
All pumps are subject to rigid quality control tests.
All pumps are variable displacement axial piston pumps.
All pumps feature full metal internals.
All pumps go through an exceptional quality control process before shipping .
All pumps have internal overload protection, and are ignition protected.
All pumps have the capability for single or double applications.
All pumps have two inlet ports.
All pumps inflate at least two garments simultaneously.
All pumps offer reliable, long-life performance with unique capabilities.
All pumps operate automatically.
Every pump also has a specific flow rate, etc.
Every pump is flow and pressure tested as a final step in our quality process.
Many pumps are too heavy to be economically air- freighted.
Many pumps designed for the workplace come with an insulated pouch.
Many pumps have a bearing oil cooler available to provide the necessary cooling.
Many pumps impart shearing forces which can change the effective viscosity of the fluid.
Many pumps operate on the simple principle of pushing and sucking.
More pumps means more power .
Most pumps agitate the wine and draw oxygen into the barrel.
Most pumps come with a container that is suitable for storing breast milk.
Most pumps have a pivot and lever.
Most pumps have an automatic device which varies the point of commencement of injection.
Most pumps have the option for setting several rates.
Most pumps utilize a core and armature.
Some pumps are better at establishing a milk supply then others.
Some pumps are better than others.
Some pumps are even waterproof.
Some pumps are more energy efficiant than others.
Some pumps are portable, some wearable.
Some pumps are water resistant and do allow for use in the water.
Some pumps are waterproof and some come with a water protective case.
Some pumps come with three bolt holes for holding the pump in place, one in front and two in back.
Some pumps contain oil.
Some pumps handle abrasive materials like wettable powders with much less wear than others.
Some pumps have a planetary gear system that is enclosed and mounted directly on the PTO shaft.
Some pumps have a quick-release device for temporary detachment.
Some pumps have a separate diffuser, others have the diffuser molded into the pumps cover.
Some pumps have plates, which cover all of the discharge or inlet check valve cavities.
Some pumps have self-adjusting packings.
Some pumps have similar ratings, but different duty cycles.
Some pumps have what is termed a multistage impeller.
Some pumps perform better when used with larger diameter tubing.
Some Pumps remain in service in such Processes.
Some pumps require a great deal of energy to get a decent air pressure.
Some pumps require controllers to protect their motors and to run more efficiently.
Some pumps require faster speeds than a standard farm tractor PTO can provide.
Some pumps use a special buffered Regular insulin.
Pumpernickel bread is a dark, heavy, slightly sweet bread made from coarsely ground rye.
Pumping stations have to be built all over the place.
Pumpings are flowing.
Pumpkin carving is no longer a mere kindergarten craft.
Pumpkin fields are ahead of normal in most fields.
Pumpkin fields continue to look very bad.
Pumpkin fruit continue to size and color.
Some pumpkin fruit consists of water.
Pumpkin pie is pie
Pumpkin pie is wonderful.
Pumpkin plants grow as vines.
Pumpkin plants have green leaves.
Pumpkin plants have leaves.
A pumpkin seed is a seed
Pumpkin seed contains, zinc, essential to male reproductive health.
Pumpkin seed preserves the prostate gland, and thereby, also male potency.
Pumpkin seeds are part of pumpkins.
Pumpkin seeds have assets.
Most pumpkin seeds are part of pumpkins.
Most pumpkin seeds have assets.
Many pumpkin varieties produce large plants with long vines.
Pumpkin vines grow along paths.
A pumpkin is a vine
Pumpkin isa vine.
Pumpkin works by getting the digestive system moving thus ridding the stomach acids from the body.
Pumpkins also are popular with home gardeners.
Pumpkins also require large amounts of water.
Pumpkins appear orange because of the pigment known as carotene.
Pumpkins are a good source of nutrition.
Pumpkins are a good source of vitamin A and potassium.
Pumpkins are a natural for math.
Pumpkins are a rich source of vitamin A, one of the most highly pollinator-dependent micronutrients.
Pumpkins are a source of vitamin A and potassium.
Pumpkins are a type of squash.
Pumpkins are a very tough crop.
Pumpkins are a very unique vegetable.
Pumpkins are a vine.
Pumpkins are a warm season annual, reaching maturity at around the fifth month.
Pumpkins are a warm-season crop and are intolerant of frost.
Pumpkins are actually a type of winter squash, with a hard rind.
Pumpkins are additionally valuable for their beta-carotene, iron, riboflavin and trace minerals.
Pumpkins are also frost susceptible and are easily damaged by cold temperatures.
Pumpkins are also traditional tools for pranks in universities because of their availability.
Pumpkins are an annual plant and grow to maturity in a single growing season.
Pumpkins are an easily grown annual crop with an open-pollinated reproductive system.
Pumpkins are an ingredient in pies, breads, soups, and other foods.
Pumpkins are another good choice.
Pumpkins are are very important part of other holidays.
Pumpkins are as diverse a group of fruit as people are.
Pumpkins are at their peak when they are deep yellow or bright red.
Pumpkins are available at the registers.
Pumpkins are available until holloween or while supplies last.
Pumpkins are big and wildly orange.
Pumpkins are big greedy feeders.
Pumpkins are colour.
Pumpkins are easier.
Pumpkins are edibles.
Pumpkins are everywhere.
Pumpkins are fruit.
Pumpkins are fruits.
Pumpkins are good to follow after harvest with wheat as a double crop.
Pumpkins are gourds.
Pumpkins are great for making soups, pies, breads, cookies, casseroles and even seed snacks.
Pumpkins are great for soup, muffins, bread, pie and toasted seeds.
Pumpkins are great plants for kids to grow.
Pumpkins are grown on six of the seven continents, excluding Antarctica.
Pumpkins are in the genus cucurbita, but there are many different species.
Pumpkins are in the gourd family.
Pumpkins are in the plant kingdom.
Pumpkins are large, orange, and generally round with a smooth, furrowed rind.
Pumpkins are low in calories but high in fiber.
Pumpkins are members of the vine crops family called cucurbits.
Pumpkins are now at their peak, so plan a trip to the pumpkin patch.
Pumpkins are off and growing.
Pumpkins are one of many items farms are offering.
Pumpkins are one of the foods.
Pumpkins are only good for carving.
Pumpkins are only orange.
Pumpkins are orange when harvested.
Pumpkins are orange.
Pumpkins are part of pumpkins.
Pumpkins are ready for carving goblins are lurking.
Pumpkins are ready for harvest when the rind, or skin, has toughened and the stems are dry.
Pumpkins are sodium, fat and cholesterol free.
Pumpkins are spheres or stretched-out spheres .
Pumpkins are spheres or stretched-out spheres.
Pumpkins are squash.
Pumpkins are synonymous with autumn.
Pumpkins are tender annuals.
Pumpkins are the best-known winter squash.
Pumpkins are the favorite festive vegetable of all time, let alone fall.
Pumpkins are the most popular members of the squash family.
Pumpkins are the prize of the fall harvest.
Pumpkins are vegetables.
Pumpkins are very frost sensitive.
Pumpkins are very high in beta-carotene.
Pumpkins are very versatile in their uses for cooking.
Pumpkins are warm-season vegetable that can be grown throughout Arkansas.
Pumpkins are, after all, members of the squash tribe.
Pumpkins belong to the plant family called gourds.
Pumpkins can be one of several species, as can squashes.
Pumpkins can get quite big.
Pumpkins can get sunburn, too, so try to keep a good leaf cover.
Pumpkins can have a folk art decorative look, country or classic scene.
Pumpkins can have smooth skins or big, bumpy skins.
Pumpkins can last for a month or more in cool dark area but check it regularly for bruising.
Pumpkins can remain in the garden through a light, vine-killing frost.
Pumpkins can take a long time to grow, especially if weather has been inconsistent.
Pumpkins can vary in color from white to yellow to orange.
Pumpkins come in a range of shapes and sizes.
Pumpkins come in a wide variety of sizes, shapes and colors.
Pumpkins come in different shapes and sizes.
Pumpkins come in lots of different varieties.
Pumpkins come in many shapes and sizes.
Pumpkins contain vitamin A and potassium.
Pumpkins continue to expand.
Pumpkins decay and return to the earth.
Pumpkins decompose fairly quickly and are an excellent source of nitrogen for compost.
Pumpkins decorate almost every homeplace, and their glowing orange accent is a delight to the eyes.
Pumpkins do best in well-drained soils that are high in organic matter.
Pumpkins dot the fields in every size and shape.
Pumpkins dot the landscape.
Pumpkins get common vine diseases, such as wilts, leaf spots, and mildew.
Pumpkins glow in golden fields.
Pumpkins go up for bid in silent auction after carving.
Pumpkins grow in many different shapes for a variety of reasons.
Pumpkins grow in the field on plants which have long sprawling vines.
Pumpkins grow on vines.
Pumpkins grow on vines.
Pumpkins grow to size.
Pumpkins have (part) cell membranes.
Pumpkins have (part) cells.
Pumpkins have (part) corpi.
Pumpkins have (part) cytoplasm.
Pumpkins have (part) kernels.
Pumpkins have (part) nuclei.
Pumpkins have (part) plasma membranes.
Pumpkins have (part) pumpkin seeds.
Pumpkins have (part) sections.
Pumpkins have (part) squash.
Pumpkins have (part) vacuoles.
Pumpkins have a long and glorious history in the American diet.
Pumpkins have a short shelf life.
Pumpkins have both male and female flowers on the same plant.
Pumpkins have color.
Pumpkins have dark color.
Pumpkins have dark green color.
Pumpkins have elements.
Pumpkins have flesh.
Pumpkins have green color.
Pumpkins have hollow stems which are much loved by the squash vine borer.
Pumpkins have orange color.
Pumpkins have seeds in history.
Pumpkins have seeds.
Pumpkins have specific requirements for successful growth.
Pumpkins have trace elements.
Pumpkins love fertile soil.
Pumpkins make an unusual, but lovely backdrop.
Pumpkins make delicious pies and other desserts.
Pumpkins make good soups and pies.
Pumpkins make lousy pies.
Pumpkins pick their spaces carefully.
Pumpkins play a big part in town life, featuring in parades and an annual celebration.
Pumpkins prefer as much sunlight as possible.
Pumpkins prefer to be planted in full sun.
Pumpkins prefer warmer temperature and are sensitive to frost.
Pumpkins reach maturity.
Pumpkins require a constant supply of available moisture during the growing season.
Pumpkins require a long growing season and warm soils.
Pumpkins require moderate amounts of water to develop uniformly shaped fruits and high yields.
Pumpkins span the hills With orange crayola patches.
Pumpkins spread seeds.
Pumpkins start out green and gradually turn orange as they mature.
Pumpkins start out the color green.
Pumpkins tolerate short periods of hot, dry weather pretty well.
Pumpkins tumble across the fields and into pies.
Pumpkins turn orange very early and are produced on semi-bush plants that make harvesting easy.
Pumpkins vary greatly in size.
Pumpkins weigh pounds.
All pumpkins have hard shells when mature.
All pumpkins produce separate male and female flowers on the same plant for natural pollination.
Most pumpkins are orange but can be white, green or even striped.
Most pumpkins are seedless.
Most pumpkins grow on vines.
Most pumpkins grow to size.
Most pumpkins have a definite front and back, and the carving face is usually the front.
Most pumpkins have color.
Most pumpkins have dark color.
Most pumpkins have dark green color.
Most pumpkins have elements.
Most pumpkins have flesh.
Most pumpkins have green color.
Most pumpkins have orange color.
Most pumpkins have trace elements.
Most pumpkins reach maturity.
Most pumpkins spread seeds.
Most pumpkins weigh pounds.
Some pumpkins grow from flowers.
Some pumpkins grow under shades.
Some pumpkins grow vines.
Some pumpkins have compact habits.
Some pumpkins have growth habits.
Some pumpkins have habits.
Some pumpkins have more compact growth habits.
Some pumpkins have more compact habits.
Some pumpkins have sugar.
Some pumpkins possess characteristics.
Some pumpkins possess desirable characteristics.
Some pumpkins possess many desirable characteristics.
Some pumpkins produce flowers.
Some pumpkins produce orange flowers.
Some pumpkins reduce inflammation.
Some pumpkins weigh halves.
A pumpkinseed is a bony fish
Pumpkinseeds are a vital intermediate link in the food chain.
Pumpkinseeds are common in lakes and ponds and tend to become overpopulated.
Pumpkinseeds are considered a pest in many areas where they have been introduced.
Pumpkinseeds are deep-bodied and laterally compressed.
Pumpkinseeds are fish.
Pumpkinseeds are the most abundant and widespread species of sunfish in New York State.
Pumpkinseeds are very similar to the bluegill , and are often found in the same habitats.
Pumpkinseeds cause no known negative economic impact.
Pumpkinseeds feed on a variety of organisms.from snails to small fish to insects.
Pumpkinseeds feed on a variety of small food both at the surface of the water and at the bottom.
Pumpkinseeds have little economic importance.
Pumpkinseeds have similar feeding habits to other true sunfish.
Pumpkinseeds inhabit dense vegetation to remain hidden from predators.
Pumpkinseeds populate many lakes and ponds, which are used by humans.
Pumpkinseeds provide hours of fishing fun for all anglers.
Pumpkinseeds tend to remain active throughout the day.
A pun is fun
Pun isa wit.
Puns also seem to have been to be pretty popular.
Puns are arguably the lowest type of joke.
Puns are bad.
Puns are basically plays on words.
Puns are conceptual work.
Puns are easier to make in some languages than others .
Puns are easier to make in some languages than others.
Puns are fun.
Puns are that easy.
Puns are their own reword.
Puns are, appropriately, pungent.
Puns can be harmful if swallowed in large quantities.
Puns flood the pages like a springtime Mississippi overflow, but they re funny.
Puns play on our knowledge of sound-alike words and phrases.
Puns play on words antanaclasis repetiion of a word in two different senses.
Puns stop meaning.
Puns use words that have two meanings or words that sound similar to make jokes.
Punch ladles are extremely uncommon, much more so than soup ladles.
Punch can involve clench fists.
Punch can involve insults.
Punch can involve pain.
Punch die presses, molds and other machine tooling applications are common.
Punch is a blow
Punch is blows.
Punch is hitting.
Punch is industrial equipment.
Punch is located in boxing.
Punch is located in carpentry.
Punch is magazines.
Punch is mixed drinks.
Punch is motivated by the goal of attention.
Punch is motivated by the goal of hurt.
Punch is motivated by the goal of insulteds.
Punch is motivated by the goal of lieds.
Punch is motivated by the goal of puncheds.
Punch is tools.
Punch list detailing repairs to be made and incomplete items.
Punch list items and final cleanup remain.
Punch marks on the back of Hermes and trunk.
Punch starts with aimings.
Punch talks with a strange squeaky voice.
Punches are at the solar plexus unless noted.
Punches are more relaxed and powerful, stances are deeper and stronger, and movement is more fluid.
Punches are per visitor per day.
Punches are stronger, fighters are bigger.
Punches are too high.
Punches can be playful or even affectionate.
Punches descend from above penetrate the paper, and then with draw.
Punches flow most naturally when there is no premeditation.
Punches fly, but never seem to connect.
Punches get one point and knockdowns two points.
Punches have a primary effect on the target struck.
Punches have fully polished barrel and black enamel handle.
Punches hole through thin aluminum plate , or expends kinetic energy on upward moving wood block.
Punches order slips in and out on time clock.
Punches vary wildly.
All punches have an extended register pin for punching wider sheets.
Every punch sounds like small bombs exploding, which is a metaphor for the rest of the film.
Some punches are thrown, a knife is wielded and a gun is shot in the air.
A punching bag is a victim
Punching bag stands, gloves, protective equipment and apparel.
Punchings can involve bruise.
Punchings can involve clench fists.
Punchings can involve fighting.
Punchings can involve hurt.
Punchings causes broken bones.
Punchings causes bruise.
Punchings causes fights.
Punchings causes hurting.
Punchings causes pain.
Punchings causes police reports.
Punchings is cuttings.
Punchings is harmeds.
Punchings is punch.
Punchings is used for hurt.
Punchings is used for hurting.
Punchings is used for punishment.
Punchings is used for recreation.
Punchings is used for revenge.
Punchy style is needed here.
Punctal occlusion acts very much like a stopper in a sink.
Punctal occlusion can prolong the activity of artificial tears.
Punctal occlusion is a minor surgery that closes the ducts that drain tears away from the eyes.
Punctal occlusion is safe for women who develop dry-eye symptoms while taking oral contraceptives.
Punctal plugs can be temporary or almost permanent.
Punctual attendance is mandatory for both exams.
Punctual attendance is mandatory.
Punctual attendance is only the beginning of quality participation.
Punctual attendance is requested.
Punctual attendance is required .
Punctual attendance is required at all class meetings, student oral presentations, and tests.
Punctual attendance is required at all lectures and labs.
Punctual attendance is required at all lectures.
Punctual attendance is required at every lesson.
Punctual attendance is required for all lectures and labs.
Punctual attendance is required.
Punctual rounds keep clipped grass from clumping up and denying sunlight to the growing grass below.
A punctuality is timing
Punctualities are timing.
Punctuality also applies to deadlines for assignments.
Punctuality Arrive five to ten minutes before interview appointment.
Punctuality can kill a career faster than a clip-on tie.
Punctuality can make a difference.
Punctuality Come to class on time, prepared, and equipped.
Punctuality demonstrates courtesy to the interviewer.
Punctuality encourages prompt, courteous service.
Punctuality is a chief concern.
Punctuality is a courtesy and extremely important when traveling in groups.
Punctuality is a courtesy.
Punctuality is a critical characteristic of a good stage manager.
Punctuality is a good trait.
Punctuality is a key revealer of character.
Punctuality is a lifelong habit to be fostered and encouraged.
Punctuality is a measure of civility and maturity.
Punctuality is a necessity.
Punctuality is a primary rule to observe.
Punctuality is a problem for many people.
Punctuality is a quality demanded by employers.
Punctuality is a quality of good citizenship.
Punctuality is a required.
Punctuality is a requirement .
Punctuality is a standard question of potential employers about a students.
Punctuality is a strength of the school with very little lateness being recorded or observed.
Punctuality is a strong leadership value.
Punctuality is a symbol of discipline.
Punctuality is also essential.
Punctuality is also extremely important, since our rehearsal time is limited.
Punctuality is also extremely important.
Punctuality is also important, and is factored in with attendance.
Punctuality is also important.
Punctuality is also mandatory.
Punctuality is also vital.
Punctuality is always en vogue.
Punctuality is an essential trait in the conducting profession.
Punctuality is an essential trait in the teaching profession.
Punctuality is an important duty and responsibility.
Punctuality is anticipated.
Punctuality is appreciated and calling cards can be useful.
Punctuality is appreciated and recommended.
Punctuality is appreciated and the exchange of business cards is normal.
Punctuality is appreciated.
Punctuality is as important as attendance, and three tardies comprise an absence .
Punctuality is basic to professionalism.
Punctuality is considered important for both business and social meetings alike.
Punctuality is considered important.
Punctuality is disappointing if no one is there to appreciate it.
Punctuality is emphasized.
Punctuality is essential for a successful learning experience.
Punctuality is essential for business and social meetings.
Punctuality is essential for business and social occasions.
Punctuality is essential for business visits.
Punctuality is essential in laboratory and lecture sessions.
Punctuality is essential, especially with large groups.
Punctuality is essential, particularly during our travel.
Punctuality is essential.
Punctuality is everyone's friend.
Punctuality is extremely important when traveling with a group.
Punctuality is extremely important.
Punctuality is good manners.
Punctuality is guaranteed.
Punctuality is imperative as tardiness distracts and hinders student concentration.
Punctuality is imperative.
Punctuality is important for business and social occasions.
Punctuality is important for foreign businesspeople.
Punctuality is important when it comes to business meetings.
Punctuality is important when it comes to most meetings, both business and personal.
Punctuality is important, too.
Punctuality is important.
Punctuality is just good manners.
Punctuality is key.
Punctuality is less important than patience and politeness.
Punctuality is mandatory.
Punctuality is number one on the list.
Punctuality is observed.
Punctuality is one of the hallmarks of a professional.
Punctuality is one such value.
Punctuality is paramount.
Punctuality is relaxed.
Punctuality is required for practices and games.
Punctuality is required.
Punctuality is simply the mark of a professional.
Punctuality is suicide.
Punctuality is taken extremely seriously in Japan.
Punctuality is taught as one of the essentials of business success.
Punctuality is the courtesy of kings.
Punctuality is the first step in a good working relationship and good work habits.
Punctuality is the stern virtue of men of business, and the graceful courtesy of princes.
Punctuality is the virtue of the bored.
Punctuality is therefore also important.
Punctuality is very important in Japan.
Punctuality is very important in Japanese society.
Punctuality is very important to a laboratory class.
Punctuality is very important.
Punctuality makes a good impression, so allow extra time for traffic delays.
Punctuality pays off, as it does in real life.
Punctuality reflects a sense of responsibility and courtesy.
Punctuality reflects on an applicant's sense of responsibility.
Punctuality varies between countries.
Punctuality always creates a great first impression.
Punctuality always makes a good impression.
Punctuated sentences are preferred.
Punctuated sentences receive priority.
A punctuation mark is a mark
Punctuation marks are reworked to make the dots and commas heavier.
Punctuation marks are the most easily misread symbols.
Punctuation marks are unneccessary, as is correct capitalization.
Punctuation marks clarify the message in the written sentence.
Punctuation marks count as characters.
Punctuation marks function to direct the reader, and they can change the whole meaning of a word.
Punctuation marks have special importance in bringing out the meaning of a text.
Punctuation marks help make the meanings of sentences clear.
Punctuation marks help to facilitate communication between the writer and reader.
Punctuation marks occur in certain cases where they convey meaning.
Punctuation marks refer to intonation patterns.
Punctuation marks stay the same.
All punctuation marks are important.
All punctuation marks retain the same keyboard position, and can be typed without mode shifting.
All punctuation marks tell how the call numbers are to be broken into meaningful units.
Some punctuation marks prompt the reader to give a word or sentence more than usual emphasis.
Punctuation symbols have six components.
Punctuation affects meaning and expression in reading.
Punctuation also goes inside footnote numbers.
Punctuation appears after the parentheses.
Punctuation appears to be only used in Latin transliteration.
Punctuation Be consistent with comma usage.
Punctuation becomes a key element of the game.
Punctuation belonging to a quote belongs inside of the quotation marks.
Punctuation can be a severe problem.
Punctuation can help a lot with style, too.
Punctuation can help.
Punctuation comes from a chorus of backup singers as well as a sparse sprinkling of brass hits.
Punctuation consists of high, middle, and low points, comma, and question mark.
Punctuation consists of period, colon, and inverted semi-colon.
Punctuation demands a book in itself.
Punctuation designates quotations from the rest of a sentence.
Punctuation does Braille, as do numbers.
Punctuation does require a space.
Punctuation ends sentences.
Punctuation especially ending punctuation needs to be stressed.
Punctuation exists in names and addresses, which is in violation of the current standards.
Punctuation follows modem practice.
Punctuation follows parentheses without a space.
Punctuation follows the closing parenthesis.
Punctuation goes inside quotation marks.
Punctuation goes inside quotes unless it is a semicolon .
Punctuation goes inside the parentheses when intended to mark the material within.
Punctuation goes outside the parentheses when intended to mark the whole sentence.
Punctuation guides the reader throughout the text.
Punctuation have special meanings in different contexts.
Punctuation Here are a few notes about punctuation conventions.
Punctuation includes end marks, comas, semicolons, colons, dashes, hyphens, and parentheses.
Punctuation indicates reading frame.
Punctuation is a branch of syntax.
Punctuation is a cognitive skill of little interest to professionals.
Punctuation is a horse of a somewhat different color in resume writing.
Punctuation is a mark
Punctuation is a matter of style and that can vary a lot.
Punctuation is a vital and necessary part of good writing.
Punctuation is abundant, and the use of the apostrophe and many accents are regularized.
Punctuation is accurate and guides the reader through the text.
Punctuation is accurate.
Punctuation is added automatically.
Punctuation is also erratic.
Punctuation is an attempt to emulate speech patterns.
Punctuation is an important feature of written communication.
Punctuation is an important tool for a writer.
Punctuation is appropriate and an aid to understanding.
Punctuation is appropriate.
Punctuation is as it appears in the original.
Punctuation is by the translator in most cases.
Punctuation is considered a character.
Punctuation is conventional rather than scientific, and has evolved over time.
Punctuation is conventional.
Punctuation is correct and consistent.
Punctuation is correct and paragraphing adds to organizational structure.
Punctuation is correct throughout the letter.
Punctuation is critical and carries a lot of weight.
Punctuation is defined as any of the characters .
Punctuation is determined by the following general principles.
Punctuation is dumber.
Punctuation is everything.
Punctuation is filtered out, and understood as a word separator.
Punctuation is free.
Punctuation is generally optional.
Punctuation is grouping.
Punctuation is handled via pop-up menus.
Punctuation is ignored .
Punctuation is ignored by the search engine.
Punctuation is ignored in filing.
Punctuation is ignored.
Punctuation is important.
Punctuation is input on the same screen area with a dot preceding the single stroke character.
Punctuation is inserted by the editor for easier use.
Punctuation is integrated throughout the book.
Punctuation is interruptions.
Punctuation is introduced with examples of appropriate usage.
Punctuation is italicized when it is part of a title.
Punctuation is kept as in the original text.
Punctuation is learned through workbook and ditto sheet exercises.
Punctuation is marks.
Punctuation is more difficult to change without changes to the words.
Punctuation is now optional in abbreviations of corporate names in Delaware.
Punctuation is of course merely a guess.
Punctuation is omitted from all answers in the puzzle.
Punctuation is omitted.
Punctuation is one area where different countries have different conventions for historic reasons.
Punctuation is optional, including dashes and hyphens.
Punctuation is optional, unless otherwise noted.
Punctuation is optional, unless otherwise stated.
Punctuation is optional, unless stated otherwise.
Punctuation is optional.
Punctuation is permitted in searching.
Punctuation is placed outside the parenthesis.
Punctuation is provided.
Punctuation is really important.
Punctuation is required.
Punctuation is sedate.
Punctuation is smooth and guides the reader through the text.
Punctuation is standard, except where required by authors for certain hymns.
Punctuation is stripped.
Punctuation is text's sole inflection, and without it much textual communication breaks down.
Punctuation is the same as in the first example.
Punctuation is treated as white space.
Punctuation is unnecessary.
Punctuation is used differently.
Punctuation is used in suffixes .
Punctuation is used minimally.
Punctuation is used to emphasize points.
Punctuation is usually correct.
Punctuation is very important.
Punctuation marks The short stop .
Punctuation needs great care.
Punctuation presents some of the same problems.
Punctuation puts body language on the printed page.
Punctuation reflects an author's analysis of a sentence.
Punctuation requires mode shifting.
Punctuation separates a series within a sentence.
Punctuation separates modifiers in a sentence.
Punctuation separates the parts of the entry.
Punctuation surrounding optional text is blue and underlined.
Punctuation takes up space and reduces readability.
Punctuation Use a comma after introductory words.
Punctuation Use a comma to separate surnames from initials a newspaper title from p. or pp.
Punctuation Use a comma when linking two clauses with a conjunction in compound sentences.
Punctuation Use a common after a dependent clause that introduces a sentence.
Punctuation Use commas in a series.
Punctuation Use commas in dates, locations, and addresses and for items in a series.
Punctuation Use single quotation marks with double quotes inside single quotes.
Punctuations are shallow depressions, pores are deeper depressions, and spines are self-explanatory.
Punctuations prove to be confusing.
Punctuation always follows all parentheses.
Punctuation always follows the reference.
Punctuation always goes within quotes.
All punctuation given in example statements is required.
All punctuation goes after the closed parentheses of the citation.
All punctuation has to be entered such as dashes, commas, slashes, etc.
All punctuation is correct.
All punctuation is ignored in searching.
All punctuation is ignored in subject searches.
All punctuation is included.
All punctuation is interpreted as a space.
All punctuation is irrelevant.
All punctuation is there for a reason.
Any punctuation is for clarity, and ignored.
Most punctuation goes inside quotation marks.
Some punctuation is prettyprinted as well.
Some punctuation is used.
Puncture resistance is superb even for sheets thin enough to be quite flexible.
Puncture vine is a summer annual.
Puncture vine is found throughout the United States and Canada.
Puncture vine spreads by seed which can remain viable for years.
Puncture wounds appear innocuous on the surface, but the underlying injury goes deep.
Puncture wounds are a serious matter and can be dangerous.
Puncture wounds are a serious matter.
Puncture wounds are cuts made by round, sharp objects such as needles or nails.
Puncture wounds are difficult to clean.
Puncture wounds are generally painful and associated with redness and swelling.
Puncture wounds are very dangerous because they inject bacteria deep into the tissues.
Puncture wounds can be deceptive in appearance.
Puncture wounds can be deep.
Puncture wounds can be serious because there's no natural drainage of the wound.
Puncture wounds have a way of happening to the most unsuspecting people in hospitals.
Puncture wounds is injuries.
Puncture wounds place one at high risk.
Any puncture wound can be dangerous.
Any puncture wound demands up to date tetanus immunization.
A puncture is an activity
Puncture bubbles to release trapped air.
Puncture can be painful.
Puncture is also an important area in the design of turbo codes.
Puncture is contraindicated.
Puncture occurs when a probe, needle or some other object is forced through the glove.
Punctures are activities.
Punctures are cheaper to repair than a smashed suspension or cracked chassis.
Punctures are common and spare tubes circulate among teammates like play money.
Punctures are extremely painful and can result in loss of limb or death.
Punctures are holes.
Punctures are mishap.
Punctures are part and parcel of the Indian road experience.
Punctures are rare since coated nylon tent floors are quite strong.
Punctures stab deep.
Some punctures are superficial and some are very deep, depending on the source and cause of it.
Punctured cuffs can occur.
Punctured tires seem to be typical failures here.
A pundit is a student
Pundit tends to have a Liberal bias.
Pundits agree the talent level for one class is nearly unparalleled.
Pundits are fond of declaring the Internet boom unprecedented.
Pundits are in trouble, and pollsters are in bigger trouble.
Pundits are quick to blame the voters for the country's problems.
Pundits are quick to search for differences between the two.
Pundits are the primary analysts of tactics.
Pundits are wrong.
Pundits are, of course, making predictions, but there are two complete unknowns right now.
Pundits argue both sides of the coin.
Pundits argue that modules have taken over.
Pundits attribute that shift to the overall softening of the economy.
Pundits call for an investigation.
Pundits can practice doomsaying about anything.
Pundits can take sides.
Pundits claim that the Web levels the playing field for many businesses today.
Pundits consider the first hundred days to be a benchmark of the success of an administration.
Pundits enter the game on one side or the other with their expert analysis.
Pundits everywhere regard the Internet as the second coming of the Industrial Revolution.
Pundits focus on financial improvement, telecom equipment, and electronic manufacturing services.
Pundits have a propensity for naming things, particularly generations.
Pundits like to say America is a nation of laws.
Pundits like to speculate about how technology is changing our lives.
Pundits now call it the Miracle on the Mat and rank it among the greatest upsets in Olympic history.
Pundits predict a nationwide baby boom.
Pundits predict slower growth as welfare spending rises to woo voters.
Pundits read the obituary.
Pundits say impeachment is dead.
Pundits say rightists have an agenda to take over society.
Pundits say that broadband connectivity is our future.
Pundits say that our nation is at a crossroads.
Pundits say the job of corporate management is to run their companies as efficiently as possible.
Pundits say the long-term trend is up.
Pundits take note.
Pundits think they're being keen and clever when making such an observation.
Pundits throw around some pretty wild growth figures.
Pundits typically round up some usual suspects to explain unusually high levels of gridlock.
Pundits warn of a breakdown of the tenure system.
Pundits always say that the market hates uncertaintly.
Pundits often ponder that question.
Pundits often say history is written by the winners.
Pundits often say that history repeats itself, and sadly they are right.
Many pundits agree with that assessment.
Many pundits are fond of cloaking the occupiers in mantles of righteousness.
Many pundits call for more rate cuts until a new upswing has clearly started.
Many pundits contend they're on the right track.
Many pundits debate whether points and other alternative perks work at all.
Many pundits describe convergence of technologies, others divergence.
Many pundits recommend the use of a single fly when starting to fish at night.
Most pundits believe that crime is caused by economic, social and psychological factors.
Most pundits say that shorter laws have a better shot at passing, so keep it brief.
Most pundits say yes, especially when they remember the nation's dismal gold medal haul in Atlanta.
Most pundits think cable modems have taken the lead over ADSL and satellite for fast access.
Some pundits are also concerned about bioterrorism.
Some pundits argue that certain underperforming or new CEOs are better bets.
Some pundits argue that fights over domain names are inevitable.
Some pundits insist that the real issue is the exaggerated fear of crime, rather than crime itself.
Some pundits maintain that there is nothing wrong with the marriage penalty.
Some pundits riff about all products becoming services and all services becoming products.
Some pundits say a weaker currency is needed to help exporters' profits and raise economic growth.
Some pundits say families are paying more so professors can earn more doing less.
Some pundits say no.
Some pundits say that the net gold rush is over.
Some pundits say the browser wars are over.
Some pundits say the influence of political action committees is waning.
Some pundits suggest enough is enough.
Some pundits suggest going for the appointment quickly, and never divulging information.
Some pundits talk glibly of the prosperous South-East.
Some pundits theorize that the low turnout is because voters are content.
Some pundits worry about the effect of massive streaming audio and video on the Internet.
A pung is a sleigh
Pung plans to build some condominiums along the highway and eventually sell some lots on the course.
A pungency is a property
Pungencies are wit.
Pungency declines in rich soils and after flowering so pick it in mid-summer.
Pungency is a term given to a feeling of hotness in the mouth when onions are eaten.
Pungency is affected by several factors.
Pungency varies depending on age.
Pungent herbs are good garden choices.
Pungent plant repels pesky pets .
Some pungent principles cause the adrenal medulla to secrete catecholamine in anesthetized rats.
Punishable actions committed under aggravating circumstances are to be punished with severe cells.
Punishment alone is never an effective treatment.
Punishment also has demonstrable results.
Punishment also includes judgmental labeling and the withholding of privileges.
Punishment also includes reimbursing the school for the cost of the vandalism.
Punishment awaits the indiscreet.
Punishment based on thought soon leads to punishing thought itself.
Punishment becomes less effective as it is delivered more and more often.
Punishment benefits no one.
Punishment can act as a reward.
Punishment can also be a dangerous way of dealing with a dog.
Punishment can also impact on the development of morality in complex ways.
Punishment can be active jail time, a fine, probation, or a combination of all three.
Punishment can be sensuous.
Punishment can become abusive.
Punishment can cause blind dogs to become more depressed, anxious or aggressive.
Punishment can damage the student's relationship with the teacher or the paraeducator.
Punishment can discourage both unacceptable and acceptable behaviors.
Punishment can escalate.
Punishment can exceed that for murder and rape.
Punishment can include arrest, fine, possible incarceration and confiscation of the birds.
Punishment can include monetary sanctions or even imprisonment.
Punishment can produce a negative response.
Punishment can range from a private reprimand to permanent disbarment.
Punishment can range from deletion of offensive topics up to a permanent banning of spamming users.
Punishment can, and does, consist of such actions as amputations and even beheadings.
Punishment causes behavior to decrease, while negative reinforcement causes behavior to increase.
Punishment comes in many ways.
Punishment comes in the form of social approval or social condemnation.
Punishment comes only when guilt is accepted.
Punishment creates a final solution with the adult acting as judge, jury and executioner.
Punishment creates side effects, such as fear, anger, and loss of self confidence.
Punishment decreases behavior.
Punishment differs in that the consequence is unexpected.
Punishment disrupts things.
Punishment distracts the child from learning how to resolve conflict in an effective and humane way.
Punishment does work.
Punishment ends up hurting everyone, since noone feels at peace with the loss.
Punishment falls within the category of negative reinforcers.
Punishment fitting the crime really works.
Punishment following conviction for a crime is in the hands of legitimate authorities.
Punishment follows quickly.
Punishment gets to be a pretty sticky issue when bickering and fighting is going on.
Punishment gives attention to the wrong behavior.
Punishment gives the child someone to blame for their feelings of anger and frustration.
Punishment guarantees a push-back response.
Punishment has another negative effect.
Punishment Has Many Disadvantages.
Punishment has no effect on Real cats.
Punishment has no place in a training program.
Punishment has no place in housetraining.
Punishment has no place in the treatment of separation anxiety.
Punishment has the primary aim of redressing the disorder introduced by the offense.
Punishment however ought to light on the principals.
Punishment hurts children.
Punishment implies guilt.
Punishment includes severe beatings and possible execution.
Punishment includes suspension from trading, delisting or a fine.
Punishment inevitably excites in the sufferer, and ought to excite, a sense of injustice.
Punishment intends for behavior to be reduced or stoped.
Punishment involves an institituion on which being guilty is the reason for punishing.
Punishment involves making an event contingent on a specific behaviour.
Punishment is a form of attention, and attention is what dogs want most of all.
Punishment is a kind of action.
Punishment is a means of inhibiting responses by presenting aversive stimuli.
Punishment is a method that has little use in bird training.
Punishment is a necessary aspect of child rearing.
Punishment is a necessary part in any legal system.
Punishment is a negative response to a behavior.
Punishment is a penalty inflicted for an offense.
Punishment is a retaliatory act to appease anger.
Punishment is a reward for attention starved children.
Punishment is a sacrifice some people are willing to take.
Punishment is a time-honored failure at teaching social skills to ADD kids.
Punishment is a very ineffective method of discipline . .
Punishment is a way of releasing anger.
Punishment is a way to modify corporate behavior.
Punishment is about anger, oppression, disrespect, imposing control.
Punishment is absolutely necessary once a crime has been committed.
Punishment is addressed to deeds irrevocably past.
Punishment is also a hard topic to deal with.
Punishment is also a part of therapy.
Punishment is always most effective when administered immediately.
Punishment is an external force for controlling parents.
Punishment is an extremely ineffective method of modifying bullying or rejecting behavior.
Punishment is an option to combat the problem.
Punishment is an undesired form of training.
Punishment is another correction, with varied results.
Punishment is another word that carries strong connotations in everyday language.
Punishment is any procedure that weakens a preceding response.
Punishment is applied only to prevent future unreasonable extremes.
Punishment is arbitrary, swift, vicious and totally without mercy and without recourse.
Punishment is at the discretion of the court.
Punishment is based on several false concepts.
Punishment is brutal, as promised.
Punishment is completely incompatible with perfect goodness.
Punishment is conceived in apocalyptic terms.
Punishment is consequence of action.
Punishment is defined by the person being punished.
Punishment is determined by the traits of the victim.
Punishment is effective but it can have bad consequences .
Punishment is effective but it can have bad consequences.
Punishment is expedient, a short-term solution.
Punishment is fitted to the offense.
Punishment is for hurting, discipline is for training.
Punishment is for what they have done.
Punishment is generally ineffective in the control and correction of barking problems.
Punishment is given in anger and with vengeance.
Punishment is good.
Punishment is handed down after a hearing is held.
Punishment is handed out lovingly yet firmly.
Punishment Is hard to deal with at all times.
Punishment is imposed to stop a behavior.
Punishment is in payment for an offense.
Punishment is inapplicable.
Punishment is indeed one valid goal of society.
Punishment is ineffective as a discipline tool.
Punishment is irreconcilable with agape.
Punishment is jail time.
Punishment is just another worsening of the overt sequence and degrades the punisher.
Punishment is left up to the individual teacher unless the child is to be suspended from school.
Punishment is located in jails.
Punishment is made in the form of assigning financial compensation to the aggrieved party.
Punishment is made to fit the crime and the criminal.
Punishment is met out to such a person accordingly.
Punishment is most effective when it is directly related to the child's misbehavior.
Punishment is needed.
Punishment is never necessary, as kittens usually learn quickly.
Punishment is never swift nor accurate.
Punishment is no solution, putting people in cages is no solution.
Punishment is no solution.
Punishment is now a leading rural growth industry.
Punishment is of course necessary to deter crime and to establish law and order.
Punishment is one technique of discipline.
Punishment is one thing.
Punishment is only effective as long as the threat of punishment exists.
Punishment is only fair if it is imposed on the guilty.
Punishment is only just when it's commensurate with the crime.
Punishment is painful.
Punishment is passed off.
Punishment is pending for one other soldier.
Punishment is personal and can be imposed only on the offender.
Punishment is probably the most misused and over-used corrective.
Punishment is provided for the guilty.
Punishment is rare.
Punishment is rightfully in order.
Punishment is set up for crimes related to altering UPCs on merchandise and sales tax receipts.
Punishment is sharp and sure.
Punishment is so much easier to understand and pay for than education.
Punishment is social control
Punishment is social control.
Punishment is spread around the family liberally.
Punishment is stronger and longer lasting than reinforcement.
Punishment is supposed to express blame.
Punishment is swift and harsh for anyone who gets in the way.
Punishment is swift and severe for black officers, a wrist-slapping for whites.
Punishment is taken for granted.
Punishment is temporary and transitory.
Punishment is the application of the unplesent or unwanted to reduce the occurence of behavior.
Punishment is the basis for sentencing dispositions in criminal cases.
Punishment is the function of the court.
Punishment is the human right of a criminal.
Punishment is the infliction of pain for good reasons.
Punishment is the least effective and most overused approach to housetraining.
Punishment is the pain that one deserves for violating the law.
Punishment is the presentation of an aversive stimulus.
Punishment is the process of making a behavior less likely to occur again.
Punishment is the use of harmful methods to change behaviors that are less than desirable.
Punishment is the watchword for conservatives.
Punishment Is there a difference between discipline and punishment.
Punishment is to be determined.
Punishment is to be measured by the extent of the offense.
Punishment is to deter criminal behavior.
Punishment is to scold for already acting out a particular behavior.
Punishment is unlikely.
Punishment is unpleasant consequences used to weaken undesired behaviour. .
Punishment is used for the purposes of controlling and retribution.
Punishment is used in moderation and only to advance important social goals and purposes.
Punishment is used only as a last resort.
Punishment is used to hurt, to cause physical or psychological pain.
Punishment is used to penalize children for wrongdoing, and no learning results from it.
Punishment is used to suppress behavior.
Punishment is used to weaken a response, or decrease an inappropriate behavior.
Punishment is usually fast and severe.
Punishment is violence.
Punishment is whatever works to stop a child from misbehaving.
Punishment leads to a decrease in behavior.
Punishment makes one feel unworthy, unloved and ashamed.
Punishment misses the point that the children are taking cues from each other.
Punishment never fits the crime.
Punishment never has any good effect.
Punishment occurs when an unpleasant consequence is presented.
Punishment only begets more punitive behavior.
Punishment only increases the cat's stress.
Punishment only worsens the problem.
Punishment ought only to be inflicted of necessity, and with feelings of regret and repugnance.
Punishment proportionate to the seriousness and persistence of the offending.
Punishment ranges from admonishment to a year in jail.
Punishment ranges from disciplinary letters to termination.
Punishment ranges from expulsion from the program without pay, to enormous fines.
Punishment reinforces a failure identity.
Punishment reinforces the sense of shame.
Punishment represents basic justice at a fundamental level.
Punishment represents the original meaning of justice.
Punishment requires an angry parent and produces hostile, rebellious children.
Punishment requires good consequences for it to be morally acceptable.
Punishment see below some fork for mend mens fleece cap.
Punishment seems as much a part of the game as loyalty.
Punishment seems harsh but in the dog eat dog world of PKmuds such enforcement is a necessary evil.
Punishment seems harsh, and there was a double standard and bigotry.
Punishment serves a purpose either for deterrence or restitution or rehabilitation.
Punishment serves as a deterrent to crime and a shield for the innocent.
Punishment solves nothing and just makes a bad situation worse.
Punishment teaches children to solve conflicts by using physical or verbal abuse.
Punishment teaches children to stifle their feelings and often perpetuates a cycle of anger.
Punishment typically includes probation, fines, prison terms, and, in some cases, the death penalty.
Punishment weakens a behavior by removing something unpleasant following a response.
Punishment weakens behavior.
Punishments are for progressively serious fouls.
Punishments are frequent.
Punishments are groundings and losing privledges.
Punishments are heavier for drivers of trucks, busses and cars towing trailers.
Punishments are humane.
Punishments are minimal.
Punishments are necessary to change young people's behavior.
Punishments are often disproportionate to the crimes committed.
Punishments basically fit the crime.
Punishments can be brutal for all concerned.
Punishments can be severe.
Punishments can include fines, suspension and expulsion.
Punishments can make matters worse.
Punishments do exist and people are punished but only to the extent it is absolutely necessary.
Punishments do vary but people in high rank are less likely to be punished.
Punishments have no place in the treatment of sleep-wetting, and can make the problem worse.
Punishments help in building concepts like rewards, pleasure, and pain.
Punishments listed are generally for a first offense, unless otherwise noted.
Punishments range from caning , cutting off a limb to stoning to death, depending on the crime.
Punishments range from fines to jail sentences.
Punishments range from public floggings to execution.
Punishments reflect extremes of emotional and religious biases as opposed to reason.
Punishments satisfy the punisher but have little lasting effect on the punished .
Punishments vary according to the nature of the crime.
Punishments vary depending on circumstances.
Punishments vary depending upon the severity of the act and the state in which it occurs.
Punishments vary for students who are caught cheating, depending on the situation.
Punishments vary widely, but statutory rape is usually a lower-level felony crime in America.
Punishments vary with the degree of the offense.
Punishment always decreases the probability of an act occurring again.
Punishment always focuses on forgiveness and reconciliation.
Punishment often causes undesirable personality traits to develop.
Punishment often leads to proper behavior only when the child is afraid of getting caught.
Punishment often springs from anger.
Punishment usually causes negative side effect.
Punishment usually has nothing to do with what the child did wrong.
Punishment usually increases the severity of future episodes.
All punishment is emotionally dangerous and mind-warping.
Any punishment is at the discretion of the court.
Most punishment reinforces the bad behavior.
Some punishment is really violence against children.
Some punishments are only temporary.
Punitive awards do nothing of the sort.
Punitive damage is damage.
Punitive damages are a penalty based on misconduct.
Punitive damages are a punishment for outrageous conduct.
Punitive damages are akin to a fine.
Punitive damages are also available.
Punitive damages are also very rare.
Punitive damages are another matter.
Punitive damages are appropriate here.
Punitive damages are appropriate.
Punitive damages are available if there is evidence of oppression, fraud, or malice.
Punitive damages are available only when the plan fails to follow the initial external review.
Punitive damages are extremely rare and, when made, are closely scrutinized by courts.
Punitive damages are extremely rare, but available in appropriate circumstances.
Punitive damages are generally the most costly penalties.
Punitive damages are minimal.
Punitive damages are money awards, which go beyond an award for other damages.
Punitive damages are more of a punishment of the defendant.
Punitive damages are no different in that respect from excessive compensatory damages.
Punitive damages are one of the least understood features of the civil justice system.
Punitive damages are pending.
Punitive damages are punishment for civil wrongdoing, typically against businesses.
Punitive damages are punitive fines imposed by the government.
Punitive damages are rare, and there is no jury to impress.
Punitive damages are rare.
Punitive damages are separate from damages designed to compensate victims of discrimination.
Punitive damages are simply a gut feeling.
Punitive damages are still to be determined.
Punitive damages are taxable.
Punitive damages are to deter companies from deliberate practices that put users at risk c.
Punitive damages are traditionally available only in tort.
Punitive damages are unlikely.
Punitive damages are very rare, and when awarded they are small.
Punitive damages are what they appear to be, the expression of punishment for outrageous behavior.
Punitive damages can amount to tens of thousands of dollars and more.
Punitive damages penalize the credit grantor because it has violated the law.
Punitive damages punish the wrongdoer and deter others from doing the same thing.
Punitive damages punish wrongdoers and serve as an example to others.
Punitive discipline is banned for fear of lawsuits.
Punitive imagery abounds.
Punitive measures are incomparably more sever towards women for adultery than towards men.
Punitive parents teach children by example to be aggressive.
Punitive sanctions are no answer for such peoples, washed up at the edge of our world.
Punitive sanctions require criminal due process protections.
Punitive sterilization is an operation performed on criminals as a punishment for their crimes.
Punjabi climate is continental, with rainfall regime ranging from the semiarid to the subhumid.
Punjabi folksongs are varied and colourful.
Punjabi proverbs pertaining to human failings and vices are very fascinating.
Punjabi proverbs reflect precisely the life and mode of living of the unsophisticated people.
Most Punjabi residents work the land.
Punk bands are rock bands.
Punk bands are twerps.
Most punk bands burn up quickly if they don t learn control.
Some punk bands play the same music on and on with just different lyrics.
Punk hairstyles are still popular.
Punk music is an increasingly violent reproach against the powers that be.
Punk music is easy to write and play.
Punk music is generally serious music.
Punk music is just the soundtrack for the revolution.
Punk music is rock music.
Punk music is talentless garbage.
A punk rock is rock music
Punk rock begins twelve years later.
Punk rock can be a funny thing sometimes.
Punk rock is a big part of the scene.
Punk rock is a state of mind.
Punk rock is a style of music .
Punk rock is a style of music.
Punk rock is about being alive.
Punk rock is about people.
Punk rock is about style.
Punk rock is about the headlining bands checking out the openers, and singing their songs.
Punk rock is about writing letters, and constantly criticizing people for the shit they do and say.
Punk rock is dead, but the point lives on.
Punk rock is for misfits.
Punk Rock is kind of like that.
Punk rock is truly for all ages.
Punk rock means a lot of things.
Punk rock succeeds by running with raw emotion.
Punk rocks are rocks.
Punk style is now mainstreamed.
Punk trees begin producing copious amounts of viable seed at two years of age.
A punk is a criminal
Punk aint no religious cult.
Punk beats galor in previous albums.
Punk can be fun and harmless, but also dangerous and manipulative.
Punk celebrates the forbidden.
PUNK Come on.
Punk is a fomite, and an arsonist is a vector.
Punk is a label with a meaning.
Punk is a mass of slender fibers found within the rind of certain shelf fungi.
Punk is a refusal to accept what one is given.
Punk is a refusal to conform.
Punk is a white fungus which grows on birch trees.
Punk is a word with a lot of connotation and very little definition.
Punk is about being something different.
Punk is about positive change.
Punk is alive.
Punk is back.
Punk is dead.
Punk is hierarchical and inherently fascistic.
Punk is life.
Punk is no longer a dirty word.
Punk is our little tortie rescue from last fall.
Punk is rebellion and opposition.
Punk is rebellious, deep, misunderstood, and, above all, young.
Punk is still alive, guys.
Punk is such a crap word.
Punk is very exciting.
Punk look, rich in ribbons, bosses and bodices softens under rigorous pinstriped suits.
Punk needs a kick in the ass.
Punk represents a gut reaction to the hypocracy of Western post-industrial society.
Punk runs down the hall, laughing.
Punk sweeps Britain.
Punk turns around.
Punks are also limited to moving only one square, but they can do so in any direction.
Punks are anti- ismists, to coin a term.
Punks are igniters.
Punks are kids.
Punks are magazines.
Punks are often villains, and dress like the stereotyped motorcycle gang member.
Punks are so hard to figure out.
Punks are some of the most intimidating people.
Punks cover queer songs.
Punks dont drink mixed drinks.
Punks dont mug people.
Punks kill, too.
Punks like to have blood on their faces.
Punks never waste alchohol.
Punks question the idea of materialism and ideas of fitting into roles dictated by society.
Punks take their place in the virtual mosh pit.
Many punks have strong political beliefs.
Much punk love to ya and thanx for stopping by.
Some punks are anarchists.
A punkie is a gnat
Punkie weaves a black cross through smoky, surrealistic starbursts.
Punkies are gnats.
Punkies resemble a small mosquito.
Punky color works the best.
A punnet is a basket
PunNet makes it so easy, anyone can have a website.
Punning can lurk even in single-word oxymora such as wholesome.
Punning is a very fun way of learning and practicing parts of speech.
Punning is now decidedly out of date.
Punning is the worst vice, and there's no vice versa.
A punster is an entertainer
Punsters strive desperately for new plays on words.
A punt is kick
Punts abound in warmer seasons.
Punts are a little more scary.
Punts are also available for hire from here.
Punts are boats.
Punts are drop-kicked.
Punts are kick.
Punts are long, narrow flat-bottomed boats with square ends.
Punts become TDs for the kicking team in the blink of an eye.
Punts can take six people in comfort, and can be hired for a modest hourly fee.
Punts glide lazily down the River Avon and the many parks are lively with uniformed school children.
A punter is a gambler
Punters are boatmans.
Punters are kickers.
Punters are members of the special teams.
Punters are workers.
Punters bet on a simple win-place basis.
Punters can also submit reviews of gigs and concerts through a form.
Punters can bet for or against the team with the head start.
Punters continually stress punting accuracy.
Punters have to surpass a minimum standard of punting distance and hang time to make the final cut.
Punters pay the levy out of the nine per cent betting tax over the years.
Punters place bets with concerned bookies over telephone.
Punters purchase tickets at a predetermined cost to enter a draw.
Every punter has a system.
Most punters go to the races with no knowledge of racing and no preparation on how to bet.
Most punters have nightmares.
Some punters have famous stories about big differences on outsiders .
Some punters have famous stories about big differences on outsiders.
Some punters still brave the crowd.
Punting duties have yet to be determined.
Puny placenta produces plenty of pigs.
Some pup seasons occur during rainy seasons.
Some pup seasons occur during seasons.
A pup is a young mammal
Pup isa animal.
Pup isa beast.
Pup isa creature.
Pups accompany adults.
Pups achieve adult size, are independent and fend for themselves after approximately a month.
Pups also learn to recognize the vocalizations of their mothers.
Pups also tend to get spoiled by their mothers.
Pups appeal to everyone just because they're cute.
Pups appear to have light yellow fur, which actually is white tinged with birth fluids.
Pups are able to climb trees and eat solid food within a few days.
Pups are able to crawl and swim after birth.
Pups are able to crawl and swim soon after birth.
Pups are able to hunt at a few months of age, and reach sexual maturity at about one year.
Pups are about  long at birth and weigh about .
Pups are black above and greyish orange below.
Pups are black at birth, and grow at a rapid rate as they feed on their mother's rich milk.
Pups are black at birth.
Pups are blind and helpless at birth and remain with parents for roughly half a year.
Pups are born blind and defenseless.
Pups are born blind with naked ears.
Pups are born in a den next to a stream, or amongst rocks.
Pups are born in a den, usually one dug by an aardvark.
Pups are born in dens.
Pups are born in the den and typically remain there for approximately one month.
Pups are born naked, toothless, and helpless with their eyes closed.
Pups are born on small drifting ice floes in shallow waters .
Pups are born on small drifting ice floes in shallow waters.
Pups are born on the short-lived seasonal platform of pack ice .
Pups are born with a black muzzle that usually fades with age.
Pups are born with a full set of teeth , and are capable of taking care of themselves .
Pups are born with a full set of teeth, and are capable of taking care of themselves.
Pups are born with eyes and ears shut and are mostly hairless at birth.
Pups are born with eyes and ears shut.
Pups are born with their eyes open and covered in fur .
Pups are born with their eyes open and covered in fur.
Pups are born with their eyes open and their tummies ready for their mother's rich milk.
Pups are bottle fed and extensively socialized.
Pups are brought into existence undeveloped or lacking physical parts.
Pups are cared for by all members of the pack.
Pups are family and ranch raised.
Pups are good too.
Pups are hairless, blind, pink creatures the size of a jelly bean.
Pups are health certified and shipped satisfaction guaranteed.
Pups are hi-content.
Pups are home raised and socialized.
Pups are home raised with love.
Pups are maybe.
Pups are mostly black at birth and molt to a silver gray after weaning.
Pups are much darker at birth.
Pups are now much more active, and they get plenty of toys to play with.
Pups are of parentage declared in contract.
Pups are only viewable when they are in the kitchen.
Pups are outside.
Pups are ready to go.
Pups are several inches long.
Pups are silvery-grey at birth.
Pups are sooty black at birth, and acquire adult coloration at about three months.
Pups are still blind, deaf and hairless.
Pups are temperament-tested to match personalities to owners .
Pups are the most vocal.
Pups are to be sold inoculated, earmarked and entered in Produce Stakes.
Pups are unable to swim or find food until seven to eight weeks old or until the ice melts .
Pups are unable to swim or find food until seven to eight weeks old or until the ice melts.
Pups are unable to swim, and when left alone on land they are defenseless against predators.
Pups are uniformly coloured, lead grey to dark brown, with belly paler.
Pups are very friendly, socialized, fat and healthy.
Pups are very vulnerable in their first year of growth to being run over by motor boats.
Pups are vet check, wormed, and receive shots prior to sale.
Pups are vet checked and vaccinated.
Pups are vet checked, given appropriate inoculations and microchip for identification purposes.
Pups are vet inspected, shots, and dew claws removed.
Pups are weaned after one month .
Pups are weaned after one month.
Pups are weaned and become integrated into the group by the time they're a month old.
Pups are weaned at about five to eight weeks of age.
Pups are young dogs.
Pups are young mammals.
Pups are, by no means, coddled but are provided with plenty of love and care.
Pups arrive at air cargo about an hour after the plane lands.
Pups average three feet and thirty pounds at birth.
Pups average three feet in size and weighing thirty pounds at birth.
Pups beg for food.
Pups beg for meals.
Pups begin to accompany adults on hunts.
Pups begin to exhibit fluffing of the tail while learning to play with siblings.
Pups begin to follow adults on hunting trips for a short while and return to the den by themselves.
Pups begin to howl at one month old.
Pups begin to see when two weeks old and can hear after three weeks.
Pups begin to travel with pack.
Pups being bred are from the current championship bloodlines of today.
Pups benefit from care.
Pups born on the Arctic ice, like harp seals, have quite a shock at birth.
Pups can also get roundworm through mother's milk.
Pups can enjoy it early on in life to aid healthy development.
Pups can get through the smallest of places.
Pups can have experience.
Pups can hear and see well by the time they're three weeks old.
Pups can occasionally become entangled in it.
Pups can often swim after birth, when the tide returns.
Pups come out of the den by the time theycan see and hear very well.
Pups come with a full written guarantee on their hips and eyes.
Pups come with full guarantees.
Pups come with health guarantee and are family raised.
Pups come with health guarantees.
Pups come with standard health guarantee.
Pups compete for food.
Pups consume an average of eight liters of milk a day .
Pups consume an average of eight liters of milk a day.
Pups continue to suckle until four months of age.
Pups depend on mothers.
Pups depend on their mother during the first six to eight months of their life.
Pups develop quickly with eyes and ears that open shortly after birth.
Pups die from diseases, malnutrition and starvation, life in the wild can be difficult.
Pups display behavior.
Pups eat large numbers of insects, earthworms, fruit, and grass.
Pups feed food.
Pups feed on food.
Pups feed primarily on crustaceans, mainly small shrimps.
Pups first hunting season is very important.
Pups follow nurture parents.
Pups follow parents.
Pups gain weight.
Pups generally have the same coloration and relative dimensions as adult sharks.
Pups get food from their parents until they are old enough to go out of the den.
Pups get food.
Pups get homes.
Pups get their sight in about ten days.
Pups go through development.
Pups go through life stages.
Pups go through periods.
Pups go through phases of development that are largely influenced by their environment.
Pups go through stages.
Pups grow around the mother plant's base.
Pups grow fast.
Pups grow inside their mother for about sixty-three days.
Pups grow into adulthood.
Pups grow quickly.
Pups grow rapidly and approach adult size by autumn or early winter.
Pups grow rapidly.
Pups grow very rapidly.
Pups has some really great photos.
Pups has-part hips.
Pups hatch inside the mother and are over four feet long when they emerge.
Pups have (part) brains.
Pups have (part) cell membranes.
Pups have (part) cells.
Pups have (part) corpi.
Pups have (part) cytoplasm.
Pups have (part) ears.
Pups have (part) faces.
Pups have (part) heads.
Pups have (part) nuclei.
Pups have (part) plasma membranes.
Pups have (part) sections.
Pups have (part) skulls.
Pups have (part) vacuoles.
Pups have a black or dark brown pelage at birth.
Pups have black wooly fur.
Pups have blue eyes at birth and weigh about one pound.
Pups have brown fur.
Pups have color.
Pups have companionship.
Pups have dark eyes.
Pups have dew claws, tails done, are started on vaccinations before going to their new homes.
Pups have eyes.
Pups have fur.
Pups have good covering fur and have closed eyes when they are born.
Pups have heads.
Pups have hearty meals.
Pups have legs.
Pups have meals.
Pups have senses.
Pups have short teeth.
Pups have shots given and have been wormed.
Pups have skin.
Pups have slender tails.
Pups have tails.
Pups have their tails docked and dewclaws removed.
Pups have white color.
Pups have years.
Pups have yellow skin.
Pups help siblings.
Pups lack the physical development and control to 'hold it' all day.
Pups learn smell.
Pups live to adulthood.
Pups lose baby teeth starting about three months of age.
Pups mature quickly.
Pups move habitats.
Pups need diets.
Pups only stay with their parents for around two months.
Pups open eyes.
Pups pay attention.
Pups play and fight with each other.
Pups play tag by chasing and nipping each other.
Pups pop out through the opening in their mother's body.
Pups reach ages.
Pups reach maturity.
Pups reach sexual maturity.
Pups reach young adulthood by autumn.
Pups receive care.
Pups receive Early Neurological Stimulation Repeat breeding.
Pups receive first shots and are vet checked prior to leaving our home.
Pups receive milk.
Pups receive parental care.
Pups remain in the den for about six weeks, and are cared for by the entire pack.
Pups remain with their pack for at least the first year to survive.
Pups romp and playfight with each other from a very young age.
Pups scream at each other during play fighting.
Pups seem to enjoy playing and hunting by themselves.
Pups separate from mothers.
Pups show a fast growth rate.
Pups show a very slow growth rate.
Pups show lots of potential.
Pups snatch meals from their mothers, and males mug any female in their territory for a snack.
Pups sooty black with dirty gray on head.
Pups spend most of their time in groups or pods playing, sleeping, or residing near the water.
Pups start eating meat when they are about a month old.
Pups start life.
Pups stay in the burrow until early summer, when they leave to wander the forest themselves.
Pups stay in the burrows for about six or seven weeks.
Pups stay in the den for about six weeks and then begin traveling short distances with adults.
Pups stay with the pack for their first year.
Pups stay with their mothers for six months, on average.
Pups stop to rest at a nearby bus stop.
Pups suckle for months.
Pups suffer most with shock-like deaths, occurring as early as two days after the onset of illness.
Pups survive to adulthood.
Pups survive to maturity.
Pups survive to reproductive maturity.
Pups take care.
Pups tend to dance around and bite the lead at first, but soon get used to it.
Pups treat other pups like inanimate objects.
Pups typically have roots attached, making it unnecessary to root the pup prior to planting.
Pups undergo a tremendous change during the fall.
Pups use a high-pitch squeal to communicate with their mom.
Pups weigh about one pound at birth.
Pups weigh about pounds.
Pups weigh grams.
Pups weigh kgs.
Pups weigh pounds.
Pups will have adult teeth.
Pups will have dark spots.
Pups will have spots.
Pups will have teeth.
Pups often engage in sex play, mounting and clasping another pup even of the same sex, or a person.
Pups often travel together in small groups or with the adults.
Pups usually nurse for a year, but some continue to nurse for up to three years.
All pups are champion sired.
All pups are current on their shots, have been de-wormed and had their dew claws cut.
All pups are current on vaccines, wormed, have dewclaws removed and are well socialized.
All pups are cute and many are good sales people.
All pups are dark brindles.
All pups are home raised and both parents are on the property.
All pups are home raised and current on shots.
All pups are home raised and disposition is our primary concern.
All pups are home raised with the family.
All pups are vet checked and shots up to date.
All pups are vet checked, shots, wormed and come with written health and hip guarantee.
All pups are vet checked, vaccinated and raised with kids and cats.
All pups are vet checked, wormed and have first shots.
All pups are vet checked.
All pups come with a two year warranty.
All pups come with a written guarantee that they have the ability to find and point birds.
All pups come with their dew claws removed, first vaccinations and fully wormed.
All pups come with written health guarantee.
All pups go to the new owners with cropped ears, healed with only supplementary taping as necessary.
All pups have a money back guarantee against genetic defects.
All pups have tails docked, dew claws removed are vaccinated, and are on a worming schedule.
All pups receive game bird introduction.
All pups receive gunfire conditioning.
All pups receive problem-solving exercises.
Many pups die from a variety of causes during their first few ventures away from their homes.
Many pups lose weight and have a slower growth rate, and mortality generally increases.
Most pups are irresistible.
Most pups beg for food.
Most pups beg for meals.
Most pups benefit from care.
Most pups can have experience.
Most pups compete for food.
Most pups depend on mothers.
Most pups display behavior.
Most pups feed food.
Most pups feed on food.
Most pups follow nurture parents.
Most pups follow parents.
Most pups gain weight.
Most pups get food.
Most pups get homes.
Most pups go through development.
Most pups go through life stages.
Most pups go through periods.
Most pups go through stages.
Most pups grow into adulthood.
Most pups has-part hips.
Most pups have brown fur.
Most pups have color.
Most pups have companionship.
Most pups have dark eyes.
Most pups have eyes.
Most pups have fur.
Most pups have heads.
Most pups have hearty meals.
Most pups have legs.
Most pups have meals.
Most pups have senses.
Most pups have short teeth.
Most pups have skin.
Most pups have slender tails.
Most pups have tails.
Most pups have white color.
Most pups have years.
Most pups have yellow skin.
Most pups help siblings.
Most pups initially feed on small prey which is easy to catch, like small amphipods and shrimp.
Most pups learn smell.
Most pups live to adulthood.
Most pups move habitats.
Most pups pay attention.
Most pups reach ages.
Most pups reach maturity.
Most pups reach sexual maturity.
Most pups receive care.
Most pups receive milk.
Most pups receive parental care.
Most pups start life.
Most pups stop by the time they are weaned.
Most pups suckle for months.
Most pups survive to adulthood.
Most pups survive to maturity.
Most pups survive to reproductive maturity.
Most pups take care.
Most pups weigh about pounds.
Most pups weigh grams.
Most pups weigh kgs.
Most pups weigh pounds.
Some pups are really afraid of being brushed or washed.
Some pups become bonds.
Some pups become hunters.
Some pups come into phases.
Some pups die before adulthood.
Some pups die before reach adulthood.
Some pups die from starvation.
Some pups drink milk.
Some pups eat starfishes or others like sea slugs.
Some pups emerge from burrows.
Some pups emerge from dens.
Some pups feed on milk.
Some pups follow adults.
Some pups go into heat.
Some pups grow inside their mothers like human babies do, but most hatch from eggs.
Some pups grow quicker than others, but slow growth is usually always better.
Some pups have coats.
Some pups have contributions.
Some pups have feet.
Some pups have fluffy coats.
Some pups have fluffy white coats.
Some pups have fur coats.
Some pups have fur jackets.
Some pups have genetic contributions.
Some pups have ideas.
Some pups have jackets.
Some pups have runny stools.
Some pups have stools.
Some pups have thick coats.
Some pups have white coats.
Some pups learn sooner than others.
Some pups leave dens.
Some pups leave mothers.
Some pups leave parents.
Some pups live in dens.
Some pups lose baby teeth.
Some pups lose last baby teeth.
Some pups lose teeth.
Some pups lose weight.
Some pups occupy dens.
Some pups provide food.
Some pups reach full height.
Some pups reach height.
Some pups receive treatments.
Some pups regurgitate food.
Some pups remain in burrows.
Some pups require elements.
Some pups see snow.
Some pups starve to death.
Some pups stay in dens.
Some pups stay with mothers.
Some pups stay with parents.
Some pups suffer from acute diarrhea.
Some pups suffer from diarrhea.
Some pups survive first years.
Some pups survive years.
Some pups sustain life.
Pupa stages last for few weeks.
Pupa stages last for weeks.
A pupa is an insect
Pupa emerge from their pupal skin, rising to the water surface like a mosquito.
Pupa isa insect.
Pupa specializes in quality web design.
Pupae actively swim for the surface and adults emerge several hours later.
Pupae also breathe at the surface and require several days to develop.
Pupae also live near the surface of the water, breathing through a horn-like tube on their back.
Pupae also possess respiratory filaments with which they remove dissolved oxygen from the water.
Pupae also possess respiratory filameters with which they remove dissolved oxygen from the water.
Pupae also require a constant water source and at least a day to mature.
Pupae also stay on the same tree.
Pupae are a light brown with dark brown abdominal intersegments.
Pupae are about the size of the adults, but the legs and antennae are closely pressed to the body.
Pupae are also pale and have longer wing buds and antennae which bend back over the head.
Pupae are also physically active and employ a tumbling action to escape to deeper water.
Pupae are also visible upon the surface of the breeding site.
Pupae are black with yellow dots and are found hanging from leaf surfaces.
Pupae are brown and teardrop shaped.
Pupae are brown, oval and slightly larger than a grain of wheat.
Pupae are brownish in color.
Pupae are comma-shaped and stay at the water surface.
Pupae are considerably smaller than the maggot and are dark brown in colour.
Pupae are dark brown but are enclosed in a thin white, flimsy silken cocoon.
Pupae are dark brown with buff-colored clumps of hair.
Pupae are dark brown.
Pupae are dark orange and become darker as adults develop inside.
Pupae are dark orange-brown and about one cm long.
Pupae are first white before turning yellow.
Pupae are flesh-colored and about the size of the beetle.
Pupae are golden-brown.
Pupae are green with a white lateral line edged above with a purple-brown line.
Pupae are hairy and are light brown mottled with darker brown or black.
Pupae are inside white, oval, pill-shaped cocoons.
Pupae are legless, white and grub-like.
Pupae are light brown, but they eventually develop a metallic green cast.
Pupae are light green with darker green lines simulating a leaf-like texture.
Pupae are light tan to blueish tan in color and are approximately the same size as the adult beetle.
Pupae are located within earthen cells in the top two to three cm of the soil.
Pupae are naked, but their features are visible.
Pupae are orange-yellow with black bristles.
Pupae are pale green with a broad brown stripe down the back.
Pupae are present about ten days before a new generation of adults begins to emerge.
Pupae are pulled out of their cocoon.
Pupae are rectangular oval shaped narrowing at the ends.
Pupae are reddish brown to dark brown.
Pupae are reddish-brown.
Pupae are relatively more plump compared to previous nymphal stages.
Pupae are shiny reddish brown in color, becoming dark brown prior to emergence of the adult.
Pupae are shorter and stockier than the slender larvae.
Pupae are sifted from the bran and stored in deli cups.
Pupae are similar in size to the adult and yellow in color.
Pupae are similar to adults with long snouts, but they are white.
Pupae are similar to nymphs but are thicker and have distinct eyespots.
Pupae are slightly larger, with longer wing pads, and antennae bent back over body.
Pupae are small brown capsules.
Pupae are still mobile and respond to light changes and move with a flip of their tails.
Pupae are the final non-feeding larval stage that metamorphose or change into the adult form.
Pupae are the resting stage where the transformation to adulthood takes place.
Pupae are the young of a species.
Pupae are uniformly black, small, and flattened.
Pupae are usually in a cocoon.
Pupae are variable but usually yellow-brown with darker brown dots.
Pupae are very active and dive vigorously if disturbed.
Pupae are very resistant to pesticides.
Pupae are waxy-white and similar to adults in size.
Pupae are white to brown and are found in the soil beneath hives.
Pupae are white to cream colored but lack dark head capsules.
Pupae are white to light brown.
Pupae are white, turning cream-colored and later tan before adult emergence.
Pupae are white.
Pupae are whitish brown.
Pupae are whitish to yellowish-brownish and the same size as adults.
Pupae are yellow, smooth, and resemble the head of a cobra.
Pupae are yellowish and motionless.
Pupae can be inside a cocoon, suspended from a tree, or buried under ground.
Pupae change to moths and the moths crawl out of the soil.
Pupae construct earthen cells in the soil.
Pupae develop inside and on the surface of products.
Pupae develop within the puparium, maturing into adult blowflies.
Pupae die in cells and become mummified.
Pupae face the exit hole.
Pupae go through metamorphosis to develop into adults.
Pupae hatch within a few days, and immediately seek a host.
Pupae have an elongated, pointed cremaster and tend to be very active.
Pupae have hard shells that protect the developing flies inside.
Pupae have large, curved mandibles, and pupation occurs in the soil in a strong cocoon.
Pupae have legs and maturing wings that are visible.
Pupae have longer wing buds and the antennae are folded back over the head.
Pupae have the same general color of larvae and the same general form and size of adults.
Pupae have two short horns.
Pupae live and develop in the water from one day to a few weeks.
Pupae look like little balls in the water.
Pupae look like tiny brown grains of rice.
Pupae look more like adults, but their legs and antennae are folded against their bodies.
Pupae look very different from larvae.
Pupae occur in silk-like cocoons in the soil.
Pupae occur in the soil or among leaf litter.
Pupae pass the winter in cocoons in debris on the ground.
Pupae pass the winter in cocoons on the bark on the undersides of smaller branches.
Pupae probably gain protection from birds by pupating in underground cells.
Pupae provide nutritious meals for small mammals, and moths are eaten by birds and bats.
Pupae remain dormant until the following spring.
Pupae remain in last mined needles.
Pupae remain in the soil for one year.
Pupae tend to have little room within a smooth, denser inner cocoon.
Pupae tumble by rotating the head and tail region as they move to the safety of deeper water.
Pupae turn darker the day before butterflies emerge, and look black on the day they emerge.
Pupae turn into adults to complete the cycle.
Pupae use vibrations, sound, carbon dioxide and heat to determine whether a food source is nearby.
Pupas are insects.
Pupas develop into adults.
Pupas develop into mature adults.
Pupas emerge as butterflies.
Pupas emerge as moths.
Pupas enter cocoons.
Pupas go through nymph stages.
Pupas go through stages.
Pupas have (part) air sacs.
Pupas have (part) brains.
Pupas have (part) carapaces.
Pupas have (part) cell membranes.
Pupas have (part) cells.
Pupas have (part) corpi.
Pupas have (part) cytoplasm.
Pupas have (part) ears.
Pupas have (part) faces.
Pupas have (part) flight feathers.
Pupas have (part) heads.
Pupas have (part) nuclei.
Pupas have (part) plasma membranes.
Pupas have (part) quill feathers.
Pupas have (part) sections.
Pupas have (part) shells.
Pupas have (part) skulls.
Pupas have (part) thoraxes.
Pupas have (part) vacuoles.
Pupas have eyes.
Pupas have heads.
Pupas reach adulthood.
Pupas shed skin.
Pupas shed thin skin.
Pupas survive for months.
Pupas survive for several months.
Pupas take food.
Pupas undergo metamorphosis.
Pupae usually transform into adults two to three days later.
Many pupae are easy for predators to attack .
Many pupae are easy for predators to attack.
Most pupae develop and emerge into adults in the following year.
Most pupae eclose that fall but some overwinter for several years.
Most pupae remain in the soil until the following summer.
Some pupae develop inside cocoons , as in the case of bagworms .
Some pupae spend winter there, transforming into flying adults the following spring.
Some pupas find on host plants.
Some pupas find on plants.
Pupal color can be pale yellow to light brown to dark brown.
Most pupas develop into adults.
Most pupas develop into mature adults.
Most pupas emerge as butterflies.
Most pupas emerge as moths.
Most pupas enter cocoons.
Most pupas go through nymph stages.
Most pupas go through stages.
Most pupas have eyes.
Most pupas have heads.
Most pupas reach adulthood.
Most pupas survive for months.
Most pupas survive for several months.
Most pupas take food.
Some pupas become adult beetles.
Some pupas become adults.
Some pupas become beetles.
Some pupas emerge as adults.
Some pupas have buds.
Some pupas have holes.
Some pupas have mandibles.
Some pupas have patterns.
Some pupas have shells.
Some pupas have siphon tubes.
Some pupas have spines.
Some pupas have sterna.
Some pupas have thin shells.
Some pupas have tubes.
Some pupas have wing buds.
Some pupas lose ability.
Some pupas possess mandibles.
Pupil dilation is performed to allow for a thorough retinal examination.
Pupil education plans outline specific modifications and strategies to ensure students' success.
Most pupil fatalities occur at bus stops during loading and unloading.
Pupil reaction is normal.
Pupil size is regulated by a color muscle called the iris .
Pupil size is typically larger in younger people.
Pupil size is very important in attraction.
Pupil size remains normal.
A pupil is a person
Pupil carries about little occasion so take cabrio vw.
Pupil carries about little occasion so take vw vanagon, syncro for sale.
Pupil comes and stands on a line in front of the teacher.
Pupil isa individual.
Pupil isa person.
Pupil isa somebody.
Pupil isa someone.
Pupil looks darker than the iris as no light rays are reflected out of the eye.
Pupil produces outside a fifty hence separate jerry hartsell autobiography.
Pupil smile about an existence still cheat Converse sneakers for sale.
Pupil take toward whatever face unless hit oak bunkbed futons.
Pupil threaten against many leslie cheung movie.
Pupil throws the dice to find number of squares for a move.
Pupils achieve outstanding results in other areas of school life, notably music, drama and sport.
Pupils achieve well.
Pupils acquire skills.
Pupils also benefit from specialist teaching in one or more subject areas.
Pupils also consider the roles of government, the community and businesses.
Pupils also have prompt cards and sheets to help with the designing of the post cards.
Pupils appear dilated and are sluggish to react to light.
Pupils are able to apply and transfer what they have learned.
Pupils are able to click on the events to link to further detail.
Pupils are able to use information sources from around the world to gather research for projects.
Pupils are about to go on to the next big change in their lives and schooling.
Pupils are adept at reading the twinkle in the eye and entering the drama with an open mind.
Pupils are all the same.
Pupils are aperture.
Pupils are attentive and enthusiastic about their lessons.
Pupils are aware of joining an orderly, civilised community.
Pupils are body parts.
Pupils are class grouped according to age.
Pupils are confident in expressing their beliefs and respecting the beliefs of others.
Pupils are constantly in demand for professional work and national youth companies.
Pupils are enthusiastic learners.
Pupils are enthusiastic, and so are the teachers.
Pupils are equal and reactive to light and accommodation.
Pupils are equal and reactive to light.
Pupils are equal and reactive.
Pupils are equal, round and reactive to light.
Pupils are equal, round, reactive to light and accommodation.
Pupils are equally reactive.
Pupils are free to learn directly from the master.
Pupils are friendly, courteous and well behaved.
Pupils are happy, confident and relaxed.
Pupils are humans.
Pupils are interested and involved in all activities and look forward to coming to school.
Pupils are located in classrooms.
Pupils are motivated and conscientious.
Pupils are naturally squiggly.
Pupils are normal.
Pupils are of equal size.
Pupils are often very small and constricted.
Pupils are on their way back home from schools.
Pupils are our first priority and deserve our concern and respect.
Pupils are part of classes.
Pupils are part of eyes.
Pupils are part of irises.
Pupils are polite and friendly and are a credit to their community.
Pupils are portals.
Pupils are proud of their school, they usually enjoy their lessons, try hard and want to do well.
Pupils are punctual to school and lessons start on time.
Pupils are reactive to light and accommodation.
Pupils are reactive.
Pupils are round and react to light and accommodation.
Pupils are round, equal and reactive to light.
Pupils are round, reactive, and slightly unequal in size.
Pupils are round.
Pupils are small and frequently irregular in shape.
Pupils are solid objects.
Pupils are somewhat small but respond to light and accommodation.
Pupils are subject to the discipline of the driver .
Pupils are symmetrically round and reactive to light.
Pupils are taught discipline, they imitate each other and adjust to routines.
Pupils are the beam-limiting apertures of a system.
Pupils are the best source of first-hand information since they are the ones victimized.
Pupils are three times more likely to drink alcohol than use illegal drugs.
Pupils are to be discharged only at their scheduled drop points.
Pupils are to do varied individual work according to their abilities.
Pupils are to label each ratio.
Pupils are to remain quiet and orderly and follow the instructions of the driver.
Pupils are to ride the bus to which they are assigned based on their place of residence.
Pupils are trustworthy and self-disciplined.
Pupils are usually aged between seven and eighteen with emphasis on the younger child.
Pupils are very eager to learn and keen to succeed.
Pupils are very keen to learn and concentrate well in lessons.
Pupils are very responsible, very co-operative and collaborative in their work.
Pupils are very small.
Pupils are welcome to help in the Library, mainly shelving books.
Pupils are well behaved and keen to learn.
Pupils are well motivated and apply themselves conscientiously to their work.
Pupils arrange and present lunchtime concerts on a regular basis.
Pupils ask how to say their favourite activities.
Pupils attend from the whole of West Kent, being well served by rail links.
Pupils attend theatre presentations and concerts in the area whenever possible.
Pupils attending our school can buy tickets to purchase food from the canteen.
Pupils be prepared to write with gusto.
Pupils become radio reporters sent to the scene.
Pupils begin lessons the week after registration.
Pupils begin the school in first year and progress through to fifth year.
Pupils behave very well in lessons and around the school.
Pupils benefit from well-focused and interesting work.
Pupils brainstorm an imaginative list of 'yet to be written' book titles.
Pupils bring only their course books and exercise books plus a pen into the classroom.
Pupils build confidence and come to see themselves as readers and authors.
Pupils build, maintain and race their own karts.
Pupils can also identify the market conditions which make starting up or expansion favourable.
Pupils can also learn a handicraft.
Pupils can also practise their knowledge of place value involving decimals.
Pupils can also use their bodies to experience the forces that act on buildings.
Pupils can also wear a school sweatshirt if they wish.
Pupils can attend the school there up to the fourth grade.
Pupils can be especially difficult with incessant questions.
Pupils can be proud of their ability in the two varieties.
Pupils can bid with book character dollars they have designed.
Pupils can browse pages and gain explanations of scientific principles.
Pupils can choose additional in-depth study of a language they already have a basic knowledge of.
Pupils can choose among sports, cultural, research, and entertaining activities.
Pupils can come from either million-dollar homes on the water or more modest ones.
Pupils can compare their class results with the national results.
Pupils can construct charts and pictograms where a symbol represents a group of units.
Pupils can even save their work on the site.
Pupils can experiment with different size cogs to see the effect on speed.
Pupils can explore an online interactive journey here .
Pupils can find out how the various crops are grown and harvested and what end products result.
Pupils can follow a gang of baddies on their doomed journey through the water treatment works.
Pupils can handle and investigate every day items from a Victorian household and school.
Pupils can identify areas in the photo and map with different land uses.
Pupils can improve their skills in the circles of applied art, ceramics, wood-working, ikebana.
Pupils can interpret information presented in a variety of forms.
Pupils can interpret their ideas in their sketchbooks using a storyboard or comic strip idea.
Pupils can look at the various ways conditions can be treated.
Pupils can make sensible judgments and their presentation is of a high standard.
Pupils can make their own programs easily.
Pupils can move between groups if appropriate.
Pupils can move from one course to another at the lower secondary levels.
Pupils can play bass, melody, harmony or rhythmic parts.
Pupils can present their own texts, commentaries, pictures and movies on their computer.
Pupils can record information on the worksheet.
Pupils can save work easily, make notes and return to the program where they left off.
Pupils can search of a simple database.
Pupils can see how one star can eclipse another total or partially.
Pupils can select individual books and display their full details.
Pupils can then accept the appropriate punishment or sanction.
Pupils can then brainstorm their suggestions onto a class list.
Pupils can then interpret the graphs and form hypotheses about the conditions each plant needs.
Pupils can then opt to study drama for a further two years at Standard Grade level.
Pupils can try out a virtual abacus.
Pupils can try their hand at copper-plate writing and designing a bottle label.
Pupils can use computers and surf the Internet free of charge.
Pupils can use email.
Pupils can use the class dictionary to check their work.
Pupils can use the formura and cn exlain.
Pupils can view, write and comment to each other about their work.
Pupils can vote for their favourite sandwich topping and practice basic foodstuffs vocabulary.
Pupils can work alone or with pairs.
Pupils carefully examine each book and pick the 'one book' that most catches they eye.
Pupils change size.
Pupils chat and eat lunch at picnic tables or on sun-splashed bleachers.
Pupils check with teacher when they have chosen their book.
Pupils choose multiplication, subtraction or addition facts.
Pupils choose to come, which means charter schools are also accountable to their customers.
Pupils claim that most teachers are boring.
Pupils climb up the levels as they get older and learn more.
Pupils collect from home all empty cereal boxes egg boxes, and any other cardboard conatiners etc.
Pupils come from a variety of backgrounds and have differing needs, interests and abilities.
Pupils come from mixed backgrounds.
Pupils come here to study and read and staff regularly use it at lunchtime.
Pupils come in two types.
Pupils come mainly from the expatriate, but also from the local community.
Pupils communicate in English with people from varied linguistic and cultural backgrounds.
Pupils compare different plants, using leaves collected from their local environment.
Pupils compile a profile of what life was like for children in the stone ,bronze and middle ages.
Pupils complete a questionnaire on gara.
Pupils complete their responses.
Pupils concentrate and apply themselves to their work.
Pupils concentrate on basic skills and personal responsibility to improve achievement.
Pupils contracting often indicates disinterest.
Pupils copy axis from the board.
Pupils create a questionnaire to research why people are so fascinated by the supernatural.
Pupils cultivate, plant, and care for garden plots on campus.
Pupils demonstrate, discuss.
Pupils deserve the highest quality of education in every area of the curriculum.
Pupils dilate in the dark, they contract when exposed to light.
Pupils dilate poorly after instillation of mydriatics.
Pupils display very good attitudes towards learning and respond well to their lessons.
Pupils do most of their learning without, and often despite, their teachers.
Pupils do practical activities to develop model aircraft.
Pupils do the same.
Pupils earn house points by producing good work, good behaviour and being tidy.
Pupils earn their licence by performing energy-related experiments in small groups.
Pupils elect a management committee supported by the police and a member of staff.
Pupils enjoy a nutritious snack, do homework, and play together both inside and outside.
Pupils enjoy coming to school.
Pupils enjoy school, are eager to learn and always try to do their best.
Pupils enter their names each time they submit an exercise.
Pupils examine stereograms of craters on Mars and on the Earth's moon.
Pupils examine water pollution and purification.
Pupils experience the online workshop in twos and threes on the computer.
Pupils explore the concept of expression of feelings, as a method of dealing with stress.
Pupils explore the site and collect information about the monument.
Pupils extract dyes from the different materials used to make the indigo dye.
Pupils feel they can ask for help without being seen as disruptive and a burden.
Pupils feel valued and teachers show a very good understanding of pupils needs.
Pupils find books.
Pupils find materials.
Pupils find out more via non-practical activities.
Pupils follow a carefully developed curriculum plan.
Pupils follow a curriculum tailored to their special needs.
Pupils follow examples.
Pupils follow the mainstream primary school curriculum using the auditory-oral approach.
Pupils form the general law which states that actions take place in pairs with reactions.
Pupils generally behave well and the quality of relationships is good.
Pupils generally have a high interest in and enjoyment of reading.
Pupils generally respect their teachers, take pride in being studious and behave well in class.
Pupils generally select between one and five subjects to study in depth.
Pupils get an idea about the interaction of culture and geography.
Pupils get gifts from the teachers.
Pupils get on very well together and with adults.
Pupils get out unit circles etc. drawn for homework.
Pupils go to the library and hunt out all the stories and pictures they can find about fish.
Pupils go to the library.
Pupils guess the meaning.
Pupils guess who it is.
Pupils handle and play with a variety of old toys including dolls, learning games and puzzles.
Pupils have (part) arms.
Pupils have (part) body substances.
Pupils have (part) cell membranes.
Pupils have (part) cells.
Pupils have (part) corpi.
Pupils have (part) cytoplasm.
Pupils have (part) heads.
Pupils have (part) human bodies.
Pupils have (part) legs.
Pupils have (part) material bodies.
Pupils have (part) necks.
Pupils have (part) nuclei.
Pupils have (part) personality.
Pupils have (part) plasma membranes.
Pupils have (part) sections.
Pupils have (part) vacuoles.
Pupils have a positive attitude towards science and are conscientious and motivated.
Pupils have access to a laser printer, colour printer, scanner and digital cameras.
Pupils have access to selected specialist facilities in the main school.
Pupils have good attitudes to learning and very good behaviour.
Pupils have good relationships both with staff and other pupils.
Pupils have great potential to make a positive contribution to the school and the wider community.
Pupils have open access to computers and the internet.
Pupils have past exam questions throughout the activity.
Pupils have pictures of a variety of fruits and use the pictures for discussion.
Pupils have regular exposure to computers and distance learning technology.
Pupils have rights.
Pupils have slits.
Pupils have sound physical skills, but the lack of climbing apparatus prevents maximum progress.
Pupils have the opportunity of learning musical instruments and playing in concerts.
Pupils have the opportunity to follow nature trails on-line.
Pupils have the space to work in privacy and to make life-long friends in beautiful surroundings.
Pupils have their own, very popular, nightshift teacher, assisted by their teachers in the evenings.
Pupils have to ask approximately ten questions.
Pupils have to complete mission one first, then two and then three.
Pupils have to consider wages, the cost of advertising, overheads, loans and interest.
Pupils have to cover several miles to reach the schools and they study under trees.
Pupils have to fill in the gaps and then create their own wordsearch using the relevant terms.
Pupils have to guess the occupation.
Pupils have to match the captions underneath the paintings to the correct picture.
Pupils have to unlearn their own method later and to replace it with the general method.
Pupils have vertical slits.
Pupils have very good attitudes to work and achieve high standards.
Pupils have very good relationships with each other and the adults who work at the school.
Pupils help put up the mezuzot inside the renovated building.
Pupils here talk to teachers differently.
Pupils hold the balloon.
Pupils hope to reach from one end of the school to the other.
Pupils indicate with hands if p or down.
Pupils join their older friends for meals, assemblies and some singing and drama sessions.
Pupils judge and give reasons for choice.
Pupils judge and give reasons for their choice.
Pupils lack motivation.
Pupils learn about mortages and the tricks of the real estate trade.
Pupils learn at least two languages, English and their mother tongue in school.
Pupils learn better and are more motivated to study.
Pupils learn how to balance hectic lives by leaving stress, pain and emotional blockages behind.
Pupils learn the recorder, keyboard and basic music theory.
Pupils learn to play and sing, and often progress to taking nationally recognized examinations.
Pupils list as many rules as they can think of under each category.
Pupils listen to their teacher.
Pupils look at modern accounts of miracles.
Pupils make good progress and attain well for their capabilities.
Pupils make observations.
Pupils make significant progress.
Pupils make very good progress in science at both key stages as a result of very good teaching.
Pupils meet their new team mates and are given their problem for the term.
Pupils mime the qualit s and d fauts.
Pupils mostly attend the same school all the way through cumpulsory basic school.
Pupils move to an orientation level for fifth and sixth grades.
Pupils now go straight to the pouches every class period to pass in work and pick up new materials.
Pupils now present their results to the class and use the parachutes to back up their results .
Pupils observe facts.
Pupils participate in a wide variety of enrichment programs.
Pupils participate in numerous outdoor and indoor activities which always prove fun for all.
Pupils participate in the teamwork which is both essential and part of the fun of gliding.
Pupils plan out the picture they want to draw on to the tile on paper first.
Pupils plant the seeds and see if they can grow an apple tree.
Pupils prepare reports using scientific terminology and suggest extension work.
Pupils raise hands.
Pupils read paragraphs.
Pupils really engage with the problem solving process.
Pupils receive a price notification before purchase.
Pupils receive a score in each area as well as a composite score.
Pupils receive individualized instruction provided by Reading majors.
Pupils receive prizes are in reward for academic excellence.
Pupils receiving special educational needs support make good progress.
Pupils refer to forces ideas.
Pupils regularly win city, state and national academic honors.
Pupils remain on site throughout the school day, including the lunch break.
Pupils require books and writing equipment for notes.
Pupils require books and writing equipment.
Pupils resemble vertical slits.
Pupils respect other people s differences, particularly their feelings, values and beliefs.
Pupils respect the school rules and the needs of each other.
Pupils respond imaginatively to different stimuli and activities.
Pupils roll a ball or slip up.
Pupils run projects during all years of their study.
Pupils seek care.
Pupils seek medical care.
Pupils seek prompt medical care.
Pupils seek to dupe teachers and teachers seek to manoucre pupils.
Pupils seem to have relished the taste of live, up-to date information from the Internet.
Pupils show good collaborative skills.
Pupils show initiative and conduct themselves responsibly.
Pupils show that they understand the work they are doing as well as gaining knowledge of the topic.
Pupils sit in the rooms of their pupil masters and share their daily professional life.
Pupils slip up.
Pupils speak on the basis of their own personal sensitivities and ideas.
Pupils spell words.
Pupils spend a whole day experiencing life as a child during the wartime.
Pupils spend a whole day experiencing life in Roman Britain.
Pupils spend three months with each of four different members of chambers.
Pupils spend time in here during the class periods, having an opportunity for quiet reading periods.
Pupils stand in a line.
Pupils stay four or five years at the school.
Pupils stay in the program until they leave the school.
Pupils study plants.
Pupils study the Christian faith and other major religions.
Pupils synthesise a compound which they test by trying to demonstrate chemiluminesence.
Pupils take an average of eight or nine GCSEs.
Pupils take national tests at the end of each key stage.
Pupils take turns to turn over two of the cards, naming each picture.
Pupils tend to be shy about asking questions and embarrassed by the topic of sex.
Pupils then choose one child from a portrait to draw, using fabric crayons.
Pupils then complete past exam questions on quadrats.
Pupils then have photos taken at exotic locations holding their chosen bear.
Pupils then report on a global full-disk satellite image.
Pupils then take the promotional packets home.
Pupils to draw conclusions.
Pupils to identify sources.
Pupils to learn about photosynthesis.
Pupils tuck into their haggis, neeps and tatties - washed down by the 'ither national drink'.
Pupils undergo four to five years of secondary education with different curricular emphases.
Pupils use computers to generate different styles of signs.
Pupils use Internet to do seminar and research works and for their own individual training.
Pupils use it as soon as possible.
Pupils view objects through a lens and see some strange effects.
Pupils wait at objectives screen.
Pupils watch segment three .
Pupils watch segment two of the programme.
Pupils watch the first segment of the programme.
Pupils wear uniforms.
Pupils wishing to enter university usually finish their secondary education when they are eighteen.
Pupils work as cashiers with parental support.
Pupils work in pairs at their own schools.
Pupils work through the computer package which provides individual work and instant feedback.
Pupils work together to manage and resolve a mining emergency.
Pupils work with a table from a railway timetable in an assignment.
Pupils work with broadly the same class of pupils for most of the week.
Pupils write a succinct description of the opening sequence.
Pupils write report on their interview results.
Pupils write sentences to summarize their findings.
Pupils write their answers on the test booklets.
Pupils write their names on a giant apple outline.
Pupils often search the Web themselves for information.
Pupils usually get drugs from friends.
All pupils are also to carry out a project during their course of studies.
All pupils are capable of concentration and persistence.
All pupils are welcome in Irish-medium schools regardless of linguistic background.
All pupils follow history and geography.
All pupils follow technology.
All pupils get music appreciation.
All pupils have a cooked lunch in school.
All pupils have access to a school library.
All pupils have access to assemblies and collective worship.
All pupils have access to the full curriculum experience on offer.
All pupils have access to the full school curriculum.
All pupils have plenty of opportunities to participate.
All pupils have some special needs.
All pupils have special talents and abilities.
All pupils have the ability to grow and reach their full potential.
All pupils have the opportunity to appear in our bi - annual theatre show.
All pupils have their academic freedom to be wrong and arrive at their own conclusions.
All pupils have their own e-mail addresses and free access to the computers.
All pupils have their own strengths and are individuals within our school family.
All pupils have to take two papers.
All pupils live at the school.
All pupils perform, compose and listen to music in a wide variety of styles.
All pupils receive there own floppy disk on which they store there work.
All pupils remain for lunch.
All pupils stay for school lunch.
All pupils then advance to the next stage of primary education, the orientation stage.
Any pupil dare simply, otherwise some coffee across all property feed.
Every pupil get hands on experience of operating a computer.
Every pupil has the opportunity to test themselves in outdoor pursuits.
Every pupil has the right to a safe school and the responsibility to stop bullying.
Every pupil is rewarded for each step they achieve, large or small.
Every pupil participates in a regular swimming programme.
Many pupils already carry dangerous weapons to school.
Many pupils already have their documentation on file with the school.
Many pupils are able to function wholly in a mainstream class within a year.
Many pupils are able to question, observe closely and communicate their ideas verbally.
Many pupils come from two-income households that are just making ends meet.
Many pupils continue to develop their sporting interests through evening leisure activities.
Many pupils go onto professional dance work.
Many pupils remain at school beyond the minimum leaving age.
Many pupils start learning brass from the age of eight, though some begin earlier.
Most pupils can listen to adults and to each other attentively and their vocabulary is sound.
Most pupils find books.
Most pupils find materials.
Most pupils follow examples.
Most pupils have a PC at home but access to the Internet in Hungary is currently quite expensive.
Most pupils have to study in shack classrooms and under trees.
Most pupils have vertical slits.
Most pupils make observations.
Most pupils move to the junior school from the infant school which is on the same site.
Most pupils observe facts.
Most pupils opt for a parachute.
Most pupils placed in resource specialist programs have specific learning disabilities.
Most pupils raise hands.
Most pupils read paragraphs.
Most pupils seek care.
Most pupils seek medical care.
Most pupils seek prompt medical care.
Most pupils sit examinations for South Manchester senior schools.
Most pupils take three exams.
Most pupils value their drug education.
Some pupils are marvelous at describing the pictures and very original in their thinking.
Some pupils are nightmares.
Some pupils are on a short week and teacher unions are balloting for industrial action.
Some pupils can act as guides for each group.
Some pupils cook snacks some people cook meals.
Some pupils explore storage.
Some pupils find it difficult to leave behind aggressive ways of relating to other pupils.
Some pupils find the new graphics of a man in a bath disturbing.
Some pupils gain scholarships and their expenses are covered by the schools.
Some pupils have attitude.
Some pupils have negative attitude.
Some pupils help intensity.
Some pupils hold noses.
Some pupils investigate construction.
Some pupils keep in touch.
Some pupils make notes.
Some pupils observe metamorphosis.
Pupillary block is a complication of cataract surgery with or without lens implantation.
Pupillary block is present.
Pupillary block is the most common mechanism of angle closure after cataract extraction.
Pupillary diameter decreases with fatigue, and sleep is accompanied by even smaller pupils.
Pupillary dilatation has a limited role in the management of posterior subcapsular cataracts.
Pupillary dilation can precipitate an attack of narrow angle glaucoma in susceptible persons.
Pupillary dilation has a limited role in the management of posterior subcapsular cataracts.
Pupillary membrane disappears.
Pupillary miosis is common.
Pupillary reactions remain normal.
A pupillary reflex is a reflex
Pupillary reflex is tested in a darkened room.
Pupillary reflexes are intact, but there is no menace response.
Pupillary responses are sluggish.
Pupillary responses show a relative left afferent defect.
Pupillary size is very often inversely proportional to narcotic levels.
A puppet show is a show
Puppet show introduces the topic.
Puppet show is suitable for all ages.
Puppet shows are a wonderful way to reach children.
Puppet shows are another good source especially for shy students.
Puppet shows are especially good introductions to theater.
Puppet shows are free to the public and are scheduled four times a year.
Puppet shows are miniature theatrical presentations.
Puppet shows are popular.
Puppet shows are shows.
Puppet shows are the other major crowd - pullers.
Puppet shows attract a vast public made up of grown-ups as well as children.
A puppet state is government
Puppet state is a biased term .
Puppet state is a biased term.
Every puppet theater needs a garden scene, street scene, wood scene, and interior sets.
A puppet is a figure
Puppet come with complete directions for coloring, cutting and folding and a challenge.
Puppet is good.
Puppet isa artifact.
Puppet making workshops are also available.
Puppet pulls into the box.
Puppet seems to be assimilating well.
Puppet show at Mandalay Marionettes.
Puppet show Make simple puppets from materials listed below.
Puppet show packets encourage children to put on their own performance of farm safety.
Puppet show The first phase of the project involved a puppet show.
Puppet show The Meat Puppets are back after a five-year hiatus.
Puppet shows and workshops available for all ages.
Puppet shows for all ages.
Puppet shows for children.
Puppet shows for kids of all ages.
Puppet shows or plays are too short and leave out important elements of the story.
Puppet shows or plays include all important elements of the plot.
Puppet shows targeting preschool through third grade children.
Puppet shows to entertain all ages.
Puppet spreads word on immunization.
Puppet takes the piggy bank and takes out the money.
Puppet tales all about the library.
Puppets Add life to class plays by creating puppets.
Puppets also appeal to many age ranges and even make great heirloom toys.
Puppets also make great fall guys.
Puppets are a great draw to bring people into the booth.
Puppets are a handful of fun.
Puppets are a powerful art form to enhance language arts and social studies.
Puppets are a traditional toy and and remain popular among Mexican children.
Puppets are all handmade.
Puppets are also available to buy at a very cheap price.
Puppets are also natural television stars.
Puppets are artifacts.
Puppets are available for sale.
Puppets are dolls.
Puppets are easy and inexpensive to make.
Puppets are easy.
Puppets are equally at home in cities and villages.
Puppets are especially helpful for children who feel unsure of themselves.
Puppets are expensive.
Puppets are figures.
Puppets are fun, but they are also attract and fascinate.
Puppets are fun.
Puppets are gentle, non- threatening friends that can do goofy things.
Puppets are gentle, non-threatening friends that can do goofy things.
Puppets are great for children of all ages.
Puppets are great for that, too.
Puppets are great tools for teachers.
Puppets are important.
Puppets are inherently interesting, often humorous, and first-rate story tellers.
Puppets are like digital actors, with built-in actions and emotions.
Puppets are outrageously fun.
Puppets are politicians.
Puppets are traditionally cute and lovable.
Puppets are very effective to use with young children.
Puppets are wonderful toys.
Puppets arise out of a Victorian tea table to tell the tale.
Puppets benefit a puppet master.
Puppets can also add a touch of animation as their characters help illustrate biblical truths.
Puppets can be silly, sad, scared and wise.
Puppets can break the language barrier through the use of language and visual cues.
Puppets can capture their attention and imaginations quickly and easily.
Puppets can encourage an active multisensory learning experience.
Puppets can entertain, inform, persuade and appeal.
Puppets can go places.
Puppets can make thoughts real.
Puppets can stand or sit as colorful and unique decorative objects.
Puppets can tour.
Puppets come in many varieties and sizes.
Puppets create teamwork even as they entertain and inform the audience.
Puppets discuss first aid and dispell myths about epilepsy.
Puppets do make eye contact with the audience.
Puppets encourage imagination, creative play and open-ended communication.
Puppets encourage the pretend play that promotes the social skills neccessary for everyday life.
Puppets explain how the mill works to preschoolers.
Puppets give themselves permission to be outrageous, poetic, crude, absurd and bizarre.
Puppets have (part) sections.
Puppets Have children make puppets to go along with their favorite stories.
Puppets have no existence independent of their characters.
Puppets help children gain and expand verbal skills as they make up stories.
Puppets help teachers teach.
Puppets help to stimulate their imagination and provide hours of fun and dramatic fun.
Puppets help to tell a child s story.
Puppets is just an incredibly powerful tune.
Puppets is the epitamy of badass riffing and killer soloing.
Puppets Learn all about the facinating world of puppets here.
Puppets make for great multi-disciplinary collaborations.
Puppets pop out of the quilt to tell the story.
Puppets pop up with helmets on.
Puppets really do make good teachers.
Puppets reflect people's attitudes to their social, political and cultural conditions.
Puppets respond to certain stimulae from their environment.
Puppets show, stories and craft on Jetty Island.
Puppets stay still except for moving out of the way as the children come back in.
Puppets still enjoy substantial popularity.
Puppets teach kids social skills, such as obedience and dealing with family problems.
Puppets tell a story.
Puppets tell Chinese tales The art of puppetry spans cultures.
Puppets too provide children with an excellent avenue for their pretend play.
All puppets are all lined on the inside with soft terry cloth.
All puppets come with a black, solid wood stand for display.
All puppets come with a complete written background booklet.
All puppets have yarn hair and come fully clothed.
Every puppet is a piece of real folk sculpture.
Some puppets come with the articulators, articulable tongue, teeth, and lips.
Some puppets deliver cultural or spiritual messages, and others are there to entertain.
Some puppets have strings that make their arms and legs move.
Some puppets take only minutes to create and some take much, much longer.
A puppeteer is a performer
Puppeteers are actors creating reality on stage.
Puppeteers are located in parties.
Puppeteers are performers.
Puppeteers are pragmatic to a fault.
Puppeteers hold the arm rod at one end and the other end touches the muppet hand .
Puppeteers know their territory, their crowds and their topics.
Puppeteers like to share their stories and their techniques.
Puppeteers operate puppets and marionettes.
Puppeteers usually work in isolation and unveil a piece full-blown, often too late to make changes.
All puppeteers are concerned with future generations.
Most puppeteers do.
A puppetry is a representation
Puppetries are art.
Puppetries are dramatization.
Puppetry can also help the teacher to understand any of the child's behavior problems.
Puppetry can be a very skilled art, and it can play a part in many types of theatre.
Puppetry combines the different art forms of drama, singing, dancing,music,painting and sculpture.
Puppetry lures children in.
Some puppy bitches are born with immature or underdeveloped vulvas.
All puppy bones are little more than rubber bands in their first weeks of life.
Puppy buyers fall for the shy, timid puppies.
Puppy classes are open to all via regular regisration .
Puppy classes are six weeks long.
Puppy classes teach animals how to interact with humans and other dogs.
Puppy coat is very dense and soft, easily tangled and can take several hours a week to groom.
Puppy coat starts to be replaced by the adult coat.
Puppy coats are finer then adult coats.
Puppy coats are soft, thick, and woolly.
Puppy development passes through different stages where they best learn certain skills.
Puppy food contains calories.
Puppy food contains many calories.
Puppy food contains many more calories.
Puppy food contains more calories.
Puppy food has higher protein and fat content.
Puppy food is our primary business.
Puppy foods have higher protein vitamin and mineral levels than adult foods.
Most puppy food contains calories.
Most puppy food contains many calories.
Most puppy food contains many more calories.
Most puppy food contains more calories.
Some puppy food contains levels.
Some puppy food has dog food.
Some puppy food has food.
Puppy fun is contagious.
Puppy hookworm can be profound and require strong supportive care.
Puppy inquiries are welcome.
Puppy kindergarten is wonderful.
Puppy love can be therapeutic, too.
Puppy love can last.
Puppy love is a habit that dies hard.
Puppy love is love
Puppy love is love.
Puppy love is often no more than an attachment to a look or a color.
Puppy love leads to a dog's life.
Puppy mills are a disgrace.
Puppy mills are bad for many reasons.
Puppy mills are cordially uninvited.
Puppy mills are nothing more than inhumane breeding factories.
Puppy mills flourish.
Puppy mills have no incentive to bred selectively to improve the breed.
Puppy mills ruin the family pet.
All puppy mills mail off their papers within just a few days of whelp.
Puppy owners can assess the potential for prey drive in their pets by watching puppy play.
Puppy purchase includes a written health guarantee.
Puppy raisers are that kind of people.
Puppy raisers are vital to our work, and are deeply appreciated.
Puppy raisers attend throughout the day, so the public can meet our puppies.
Puppy raisers can be single or have families.
Puppy raisers take their pups to malls, grocery stores, school and work, among other places.
Puppy shots are given in series.
Puppy skin is extremely sensitive.
Puppy socialization involves learning about their fellow littermates, the mother and humans.
Puppy socialization is very important in our breeding program.
Puppy systems seem to be simulated by sucking .
Puppy tests can be a useful guide to evaluate puppy temperaments at a certain point in time.
Puppy teeth begin to erupt until all the baby teeth are in by about five to six weeks of age.
Puppy teeth begin to shed and be replaced by permanent adult teeth at about four months of age.
Puppy tracks are short and fun with the little one killing or playing tug with the article.
Puppy training is comparable to insurance for good adult behavior.
Puppy training is entirely different from treating separation anxiety.
Puppy training is the first time owners present their dogs to the world.
Puppy training is very popular with our clients.
Puppy training is, as much as anything else, the formation of good habits.
Some puppy tummies break down proteins.
Puppy urine smells quite different from the urine of an adult male dog.
Puppy walkers teach basic obedience and socialization.
A puppy is a dog
A puppy is a pup
Puppies also bite and nip to learn the social mores of dog culture.
Puppies also bite each other all over.
Puppies also chew to relieve their gums, develop strong jaws and help the adult teeth come in.
Puppies also go pre-hunting.
Puppies also love to cuddle and sleep with the chewman toy.
Puppies also love to cuddle and sleep with the colored fleece toy.
Puppies also require socialization for normal behavior development.
Puppies also tend to have temper tantrums.
Puppies appear to have larger hearts relative to their body size.
Puppies are a full time chore just like a new born baby coming home from the hospital.
Puppies are a joy.
Puppies are a life-long commitment in Pugs.
Puppies are a lot of work, because they're babies.
Puppies are a LOT of work.
Puppies are a major source of environmental egg contamination.
Puppies are a special challenge.
Puppies are adorable fluffy, cute bundles of love, there is no question.
Puppies are adorable, and attract a lot of attention.
Puppies are all food and play-oriented.
Puppies are also individuals and individuals are different.
Puppies are also into creative yowling.
Puppies are also more likely to injure than an adult dog.
Puppies are also sometimes available from breeders who supply working dogs.
Puppies are also susceptible to hyperthermia.
Puppies are always anxious to please.
Puppies are always available, adults are available occasionally.
Puppies are always well socialized.
Puppies are an incredible amount of work.
Puppies are animals.
Puppies are at greater risk for developing ear mite infections.
Puppies are at their most vulnerable when they are newborns.
Puppies are availabe occasionally, and some adults.
Puppies are available all year around.
Puppies are available approximately once a year.
Puppies are available by reservation.
Puppies are available occasionally and stud service is only to approved bitches.
Puppies are available to excellent homes only.
Puppies are available to show and pet owner homes.
Puppies are available with cropped or un-cropped ears.
Puppies are available year round.
Puppies are babies.
Puppies are baby dogs.
Puppies are blac k.
Puppies are born deaf and blind.
Puppies are born enclosed in an amniotic sac.
Puppies are born white because of a gene they inherited from the early Dalmatian crosses.
Puppies are born white but get their color within a few weeks.
Puppies are born white, a trait inherited from dalmatians.
Puppies are born with tails in different lengths.
Puppies are both curious and physical, and their energy has to be channeled.
Puppies are breeder quality.
Puppies are calm, obedient and learn well.
Puppies are capable of pets.
Puppies are cheap.
Puppies are cuddly.
Puppies are cute and cuddly, and their antics are a source of constant amusement.
Puppies are cute and fun to raise, but adopting an older dog has definite advantages.
Puppies are cute and fun to watch.
Puppies are cute chewing on a slipper or jumping up for a slurpy kiss.
Puppies are cute, but few people realize the work and responsibility in owning one.
Puppies are cute, but they require a lot of work the first six months.
Puppies are cute, demanding, and unfettered by any understanding of human rules.
Puppies are cute, lovable and playful, but they can also be a handful.
Puppies are cute.
Puppies are de-wormed and their shots are kept current until they are with their new family.
Puppies are de-wormed soon after they are born.
Puppies are dirty, lethargic, appear sickly, or have discharge from the nose and eyes.
Puppies are dogs.
Puppies are easy to train.
Puppies are emotionally dependent as well as physically needy.
Puppies are especially at risk although dogs of all ages are susceptible.
Puppies are especially curious and playful.
Puppies are especially playful and always underfoot for want of human company.
Puppies are especially prone to it because they have an immature immune system.
Puppies are especially valnerable.
Puppies are exuberant, but adult TTs are best described as sensible and charming.
Puppies are farm raised, well taken care of and played with.
Puppies are for sale on a first come first serve basis.
Puppies are full of vim and vigor.
Puppies are fun to watch and play with.
Puppies are fun, but they are a great deal of work.
Puppies are fun, but they are also a lot of work.
Puppies are fun.
Puppies are funny, cute and needy.
Puppies are good listeners and are very attentive making their training and upbringing easy.
Puppies are health guaranteed, current on shots and groomed to perfection.
Puppies are health guaranteed.
Puppies are highly intelligent and quick to learn.
Puppies are home raised by our family with love, education, and plenty of socialization.
Puppies are home raised with kids.
Puppies are home raised, handled and played with daily.
Puppies are home raised, paper trained, shots ,and comes with health certificate.
Puppies are home raised, socialized and are correct in size and temperament.
Puppies are house raised.
Puppies are imminent.
Puppies are in kennels with several adult dogs.
Puppies are infected with A. caninum when they ingest larvae while nursing.
Puppies are instinctively clean.
Puppies are inveterate diggers.
Puppies are irresistible, but they're also an enormous amount of work.
Puppies are joyful bundles of love and boundless enthusiasm.
Puppies are just like babies in that they go through a teething stage.
Puppies are just like our children.
Puppies are large and active and their growth rate is fast.
Puppies are like a two year old with a chain saw.
Puppies are like concentrated babies.
Puppies are like kids cute at least in the beginning.
Puppies are like toddlers and require training but with a gentle touch.
Puppies are literally kitchen raised from the best American and English lines.
Puppies are little mysteries.
Puppies are located in homes.
Puppies are located in kennels.
Puppies are located in tables.
Puppies are lots of work.
Puppies are lovable.
Puppies are mentally mature enough to adjust to changes, and to begin their training in manners.
Puppies are more commonly involved than adults.
Puppies are more likely to harbor infections than healthy adult dogs.
Puppies are more wrinkled than adults.
Puppies are most likely to show signs.
Puppies are most susceptible to parvovirus infection and fatalities are extremely common.
Puppies are naturally curious and are always ready for an adventure.
Puppies are naturally curious.
Puppies are occasionally available and stud service is available to approved bitches only.
Puppies are occasionally available.
Puppies are often available.
Puppies are often less intensely marked.
Puppies are old enough to go to their new homes by eight weeks.
Puppies are only available to good family homes.
Puppies are open and expressive, old dogs sober and aloof.
Puppies are particularly susceptible to intestinal problems during breeding.
Puppies are peculiar creatures.
Puppies are perhaps the biggest creators of unexpected puddles.
Puppies are primarily at risk.
Puppies are pups.
Puppies are rare to rescue, though they can be found.
Puppies are rare, and most require a deposit in advance.
Puppies are ready to go at eight weeks and are sold with a written health guarantee.
Puppies are ready to learn when they are born.
Puppies are real rough- housers.
Puppies are Red dapples and Red boars.
Puppies are romantic.
Puppies are sensitive, playful, adaptive, and quick to learn.
Puppies are small for only a short time.
Puppies are smaller and more active than babies and have sharp teeth and claws.
Puppies are smart.
Puppies are so eager to learn and so happy to please.
Puppies are so naive.
Puppies are some times available to approved homes.
Puppies are sometimes available, but reservations are suggested.
Puppies are sometimes available.
Puppies are tadpole dogs.
Puppies are tattooed and micro chipped for identification.
Puppies are temperament tested to make sure they go to the ideal families.
Puppies are the bane of a fussy housekeeper's existence.
Puppies are the joy at one end.
Puppies are the most sought animals at shelters, leaving the older dogs to face unhappy ends.
Puppies are tiny and helpless when born.
Puppies are too immature to handle temptations.
Puppies are truly a gift for everyone.
Puppies are unable to walk without falling backwards or sideways.
Puppies are usually blind before one year of age.
Puppies are vaccinated and vet-checked, and come with a health guarantee.
Puppies are vaccinated for distemper, adenovirus, leptospirosis, parainfluenza, and parvovirus.
Puppies are very active and slow to mature.
Puppies are very active, outgoing and fiesty.
Puppies are very adaptable and their behaviour can be modified with thoughtful training.
Puppies are very curious animals and they want to get into everything.
Puppies are very energetic and love to dig.
Puppies are very healthy and happy.
Puppies are very impressionable until about four months of age.
Puppies are very oral and enjoy having things in their mouths.
Puppies are very vulnerable to fractures and accidents because they are so small and fragile.
Puppies are vet checked and have all shots.
Puppies are vet checked with a health certificate at affordable prices.
Puppies are veterinarian checked, raised in the home, provided the best of care and socialization.
Puppies are vulnerable to life threatening diseases such as parvo and distemper.
Puppies are well socialized, parents hips and eyes cleared with ratings available.
Puppies are wonderful animals.
Puppies are young animals.
Puppies are young people.
Puppies are, to a degree, color-blind.
Puppies avail occasionally.
Puppies become progressively more difficult to keep awake the longer they are sleep deprived.
Puppies begin as blank slates.
Puppies begin learning it from each other and from their mother.
Puppies begin life with blue eyes, which later darken.
Puppies being picked up can leave at six weeks of age.
Puppies born with hypoplastic tracheas often get worse and eventually have to be euthanized.
Puppies build muscles.
Puppies can also be, at times, just another one of life's aggravations.
Puppies can also become infected with disease-causing organisms during the birthing process.
Puppies can also go through a destructive phase, and chew everything they get their little paws on.
Puppies can and do.
Puppies can be annoying to older dogs, so please keep the meet and greets supervised.
Puppies can be one of life's greatest joys.
Puppies can be rather costly.
Puppies can be up to one and a half times that.
Puppies can be very destructive.
Puppies can become accustomed to proper dental care by periodic brushing with a pet toothpaste.
Puppies can become overwhelmed by all the attention and intimated by larger dogs.
Puppies can come head or tail first.
Puppies can come in a variety of unique colors with short, plush or long coats.
Puppies can compete but still get along well for the most part.
Puppies can continue to nurse from the affected gland if the milk remains normal.
Puppies can die from severe dehydration and enteritis, which is inflammation of the small intestine.
Puppies can die from the shots.
Puppies can die suddenly of shock as early as two days into the illness.
Puppies can dislocate bones, brake bones and die from falls.
Puppies can easily spread the virus from one to another.
Puppies can figure out the automatic water bottle and feeder.
Puppies can get fat if overfed.
Puppies can get into mischief.
Puppies can get through smaller places than an adult dog.
Puppies can grow up to be quite different from what they seemed at first.
Puppies can have reaction.
Puppies can have severe reaction.
Puppies can lose their pep after the procedure.
Puppies can start vaccinations at six weeks.
Puppies cause a desire to play games.
Puppies change color from birth until they get their final coat.
Puppies change day to day, week to week.
Puppies chase butterflies.
Puppies chew because they are teething.
Puppies chew for several reasons.
Puppies chew on slippers because they are growing new teeth and it is also a form of play.
Puppies chew while they are teething.
Puppies chew, whine and are more prone to illness.
Puppies Click for links to care, selection, breeds, etc.
Puppies come with health guarantee, health certificate, shots, worming, and a pedigree.
Puppies come with high, medium or low energy levels.
Puppies come with written contract and health guarantee, applicable vaccinations and wormings.
Puppies come with written guarantees.
Puppies come with written health guarantee.
Puppies commonly have ear mites which causes a brown to black discharge in the ears.
Puppies consume calories.
Puppies consume many calories.
Puppies consume more food than adults due to their rapid growth.
Puppies cry, bark, vomit and chew.
Puppies desire attention.
Puppies develop at lightning fast speeds.
Puppies develop behavior.
Puppies develop normal behavior.
Puppies develop senses.
Puppies discover their personalities in the first weeks.
Puppies do get colic.
Puppies do grow up.
Puppies do harm primarily by biting, clawing, and excreting.
Puppies do seem to shiver more than adults.
Puppies do that all the time.
Puppies do to have a walk before it.
Puppies do well if they can run freely in a safe, enclosed yard.
Puppies easily get diarrhoea if the belly is cold or wet.
Puppies easily learn what to do.
Puppies eat dry food.
Puppies eat food.
Puppies eat lots of food.
Puppies eat more and are highly active.
Puppies enjoy dry food.
Puppies enjoy every advantage.
Puppies enjoy food.
Puppies enter adolescent stages.
Puppies enter periods.
Puppies enter stages.
Puppies eventually do grow up into something that usually can.
Puppies evidently wonder the same thing.
Puppies expect no less.
Puppies explore with their mouths.
Puppies fall into the middle range from moderately submissive to moderately dominant.
Puppies find time out punishing as well, especially if it means being separated from the family.
Puppies gain weight.
Puppies generally nurse at least every two hours in their first week of life.
Puppies generally outgrow the condition by two years of age.
Puppies get a huge head start in life.
Puppies get energy.
Puppies get homes.
Puppies get into everything.
Puppies get milk.
Puppies get pneumonia from having birth fluids in their lungs, and they die easily.
Puppies get sick.
Puppies get the infection before birth through the placenta and after birth via the mother's milk.
Puppies give unqualified love, affection, and devotion.
Puppies go in cages.
Puppies go thought many critical stages that can effects how the puppy behaves as an adult.
Puppies go through chewing stages.
Puppies go through development stages.
Puppies go through development.
Puppies go through developmental and fear periods.
Puppies go through developmental phases.
Puppies go through growth.
Puppies go through phases.
Puppies go through puppy development.
Puppies go through second chew phases.
Puppies go through second phases.
Puppies go through stages.
Puppies go through the stage of everything going into their mouths.
Puppies go through various critical and delicate developmental stages.
Puppies go to approved homes after a survey is completed.
Puppies go to homes.
Puppies go to owners.
Puppies go to there new homes at around nine weeks of age.
Puppies grow at an incredible rate.
Puppies grow best if they can move freely.
Puppies grow fast.
Puppies grow into adulthood.
Puppies grow into dogs, and kittens grow into cats.
Puppies grow into healthy adulthood.
Puppies grow quickly, and a collar can become uncomfortable and dangerously tight.
Puppies grow so fast that almost overnight they can become large and unruly adolescents.
Puppies grow up in a year.
Puppies haben werden.
Puppies has-part bones.
Puppies have (part) bone cells.
Puppies have (part) brains.
Puppies have (part) breasts.
Puppies have (part) chest cavities.
Puppies have (part) chests.
Puppies have (part) corpi.
Puppies have (part) ears.
Puppies have (part) faces.
Puppies have (part) ground substances.
Puppies have (part) heads.
Puppies have (part) marrow.
Puppies have (part) mast cells.
Puppies have (part) pads.
Puppies have (part) paws.
Puppies have (part) piluses.
Puppies have (part) rib cages.
Puppies have (part) sections.
Puppies have (part) skulls.
Puppies have (part) sterna.
Puppies have a fullhealth guarantee.
Puppies have a great deal of energy and their attention span is short.
Puppies have a habit of wandering about with their mouths open.
Puppies have a one year guarantee.
Puppies have a short attention span and a large amount of curiosity.
Puppies have a shorter coat, which often has a softer texture than that of adults.
Puppies have a tiny window of time during brain development when they are most impressionable.
Puppies have a way of playing, making rules of safety and then romping in pure joy.
Puppies have bad breath even after eating a tic tac.
Puppies have bad breaths.
Puppies have bowel movement.
Puppies have breathe difficulty.
Puppies have breathe problems.
Puppies have breaths.
Puppies have chances.
Puppies have collars and clip on rabies tags.
Puppies have critical developmental periods that can mold their behavior for life.
Puppies have dewclaws removed, vaccines, and de-wormings.
Puppies have different exercise needs .
Puppies have different feeding habits than older dogs.
Puppies have different nutritional needs than adult dogs.
Puppies have difficulty.
Puppies have distinct growth plates on the end of their vertebrae.
Puppies have follicles.
Puppies have food.
Puppies have hair follicles.
Puppies have health guarantees, wormings, vet checked, and dews removed.
Puppies have heartbeats.
Puppies have high energy, but adult dogs are mellow and enjoy lap time.
Puppies have instinct.
Puppies have large nutritional requirements but small stomachs.
Puppies have limited bladder control.
Puppies have lots of drive plus deep markings.
Puppies have movement.
Puppies have needle-teeth that they happily sink into anyone who walks by.
Puppies have neither.
Puppies have only a limited control over their bodies.
Puppies have parents.
Puppies have preliminary eye screening before leaving.
Puppies have problems.
Puppies have sharp teeth.
Puppies have smell.
Puppies have special requirements, which alter as the animal ages.
Puppies have swell tummies.
Puppies have teeth.
Puppies have tendencies.
Puppies have the best chance to be adopted, followed by young dogs.
Puppies have their dew claws removed, shots, wormed, and seen by our vet.
Puppies have their mouths on everything.
Puppies have to learn how to climb stairs.
Puppies have tummies.
Puppies have varying levels of excitement, energy, and enthusiasm for human connection.
Puppies have very few inhibitions or physical control.
Puppies have very sharp teeth and a bite or nip can hurt and be terrifying to small children.
Puppies have very sharp toe nails.
Puppies have very short attention spans.
Puppies have wonderful temperament.
Puppies have wrinkles that disappear with age.
Puppies inherit the tendency to chew, and bees inherit the tendency to fly.
Puppies is different.
Puppies just love to play.
Puppies know available.
Puppies learn basic canine skills and have an excellent opportunity to make new friends.
Puppies learn by repetition.
Puppies learn from their dam.
Puppies learn specific behaviors from their litter mates and mother.
Puppies learn to inhibit their bite when they are bitten by each other, and learn canine language.
Puppies learn very quickly with proper instruction.
Puppies leave for their new homes at eight weeks of age.
Puppies lick faces.
Puppies like to be part of the fun.
Puppies like to chew loo-paper.
Puppies like to chew on things and kittens get into things.
Puppies like to play.
Puppies live in the present.
Puppies loose their cuteness.
Puppies lose their maternal antibodies by the time they are three months old.
Puppies love life.
Puppies love safe toys, balls, tunnels to romp in.
Puppies love to chew on things.
Puppies love to chew, and a cord can burn, shock, and even kill.
Puppies love to chew.
Puppies love to play and chew all sorts of things.
Puppies love to play.
Puppies need attention.
Puppies need breaths.
Puppies need dog food.
Puppies need experience.
Puppies need extra nutrients.
Puppies need food.
Puppies need nutrients.
Puppies need security.
Puppies never grow out of bad behaviors, they grow into worse behavior.
Puppies nominated are eligible to compete for life.
Puppies occasionally availabe.
Puppies only go to approved homes.
Puppies only go to responsible homes.
Puppies open eyes.
Puppies open their eyes about nine to eleven days following birth .
Puppies outgrow it in five months.
Puppies outgrow their collars.
Puppies play hard and nap frequently.
Puppies play hard but sleep long hours.
Puppies play together, without impulse towards rivalry.
Puppies play while kittens frolic.
Puppies play with football-themed dog toys on a miniature , or very small , football field .
Puppies play with football-themed dog toys on a miniature, or very small, football field.
Puppies provide elegance, love, devotion and great championship qualities.
Puppies quickly learn how to use their voice, weight, speed and agility to their advantage.
Puppies reach ages.
Puppies reach maturity.
Puppies reach sexual maturity.
Puppies Read all about our puppies.
Puppies really benefit from having a daily housebreaking routine that they can count on.
Puppies receive toys.
Puppies recieve their dam's immunity through nursing in the first day of life.
Puppies relieve anxiety by chewing.
Puppies rely on mothers.
Puppies remain with their foster families for around fourteen months as they grow and mature.
Puppies remember even accidental hurts for a long time. . . . . .
Puppies require a great deal of attention and training.
Puppies require a great deal of time, patience and training.
Puppies require a lot of guidance and much more supervision than adult dogs.
Puppies require a lot of training.
Puppies require a significant amount of attention, monitoring, and training while young.
Puppies require a structured schedule and safe environment.
Puppies require an actual puppy food.
Puppies require far more work than adults.
Puppies require frequent vaccinations, as well as lots of time and attention to train properly.
Puppies require gentle training but firm.
Puppies require individual attention each day to help build self-confidence.
Puppies require just a little grooming, a few minutes each day with a brush.
Puppies require lots of time, care, money and a commitment for a lifetime.
Puppies require lots of time, patience and training.
Puppies require more and are encouraged to eat some of the meat raw.
Puppies require more frequent walks until they are able to reliably control sphincters.
Puppies require much more than food and water.
Puppies require proper socialization with a variety of people.
Puppies require special crating procedures.
Puppies respond to love, so do children and so do all adults.
Puppies show preference.
Puppies sire in picture.
Puppies spend a great deal of time playing, chewing and investigating objects.
Puppies start early determining their future status in the pack.
Puppies start right in.
Puppies still have bad breath even after eating a tic tac.
Puppies still have bad breath even after eating a tic-tac.
Puppies still have bad breath even after eating a tictac.
Puppies still have bad breath even after eating a TicTac.
Puppies still have bad breath, even after eating a breath mint.
Puppies still have bad breath, even after eating a tic-tac.
Puppies still have puppy breath, even after eating a tic-tac.
Puppies stimulate milk flow by pushing their muzzle into the area surrounding the teat.
Puppies sure do sleep a lot.
Puppies Take Patience .
Puppies tend to have accidents when they get excited.
Puppies to stretch legs.
Puppies try our patience.
Puppies turn into adolescents at lightning speed.
Puppies typically bite, scratch, jump, etc.
Puppies typically have a softer coat.
Puppies urinate immediately after waking up from a nap and defecate after every meal.
Puppies use basic instinct.
Puppies use instinct.
Puppies use it to locate their mother's milk, and even a favored teat.
Puppies vary in colour, from black to cream, including chocolate.
Puppies weigh lbs.
Puppies weigh pounds.
Puppies will have bone growth.
Puppies will have energy.
Puppies will have growth.
Puppies wrestle with each other as soon as they can walk.
Puppy isa dog.
Puppy isa pup.
Puppies always draw a crowd.
Puppies frequently die or require euthanasia at puppy mills, brokers' facilities, and pet shops.
Puppies frequently die or require euthanasia.
Puppies often boast a swollen belly - known as a rice belly.
Puppies often change in behavior and look.
Puppies often get under foot.
Puppies often grow out of eating rubbish.
Puppies often nip or mouth at people and other animals as a part of play and in greeting.
Puppies often start pointing and retrieving without training by two or three months of age.
Puppies often whine and cry when separated from their owners.
Puppies sometimes have dreams that cause rapid breathing while sleeping.
Puppies sometimes have temper tantrums.
Puppies usually chew on things because they are teething.
Puppies usually die within several months of being diagnosed, almost always before age two.
Puppies usually have heavier coats than adults.
Puppies usually learn bite inhibition during play with other puppies.
All puppies are adorable and it is very easy to be taken in by a fuzzy face and a licking tongue.
All puppies are assessed for their potential suitability for scent work.
All puppies are black with white markings on chest or feet.
All puppies are born with their ears closed.
All puppies are born with their ears up and then they begin to drop as their eyes open.
All puppies are cute and Beardies are particularly adorable.
All puppies are cute and lovable, but they grow up to be like their parents.
All puppies are cute and loveable.
All puppies are cute.
ALL puppies are cute.
All puppies are from breedings that are meant to benefit the breed.
All puppies are fully vaccinated and healthy.
All puppies are fully vet checked and vaccinated.
All puppies are health certified by our Veterinarian, and sold with current shots.
All puppies are health guaranteed.
All puppies are home raised and fully guaranteed.
All puppies are home raised with loving care.
All puppies are in a vet-care program.
All puppies are irresistible.
All puppies are naughty, Siberians are no exception.
All puppies are temperment tested and evaluated for proper structure by more than one breeder.
All puppies are vet checked and have had their tails docked and dew claws removed.
All puppies are vet checked and reasonably priced.
All puppies can be naughty.
All puppies chew and have high energy levels.
All puppies chew.
ALL puppies chew.
All puppies come from champion bloodlines.
All puppies come with a complete health guarantee.
All puppies come with a health and satisfaction guarantee.
All puppies come with a health and soundness guaranted.
All puppies come with a health guarantee.
All puppies come with a health gurantee.
All puppies come with a one year written guarantee.
All puppies come with a written contract guaranteeing health and hips.
All puppies come with a written guarantee of health and sales contract.
All puppies come with a written guarantee, wormings, shots, and microchip.
All puppies come with a written health guarantee against genetic disorders.
All puppies come with a written health guarantee, shots and worming.
All puppies come with a written health guarantee.
All puppies come with health and temperament guarantee.
All puppies come with health certicate and are health guarantee.
All puppies come with health certificate and are health guarantee.
All puppies come with health guarantee, pet contract and shots.
All puppies come with health records.
All puppies come with the ears and tails done with no further ear taping needed.
All puppies deserve the opportunity of a loving home.
All puppies get hiccups frequently, sometimes several times per day.
All puppies have a health guarantee.
All puppies have a one year guarantee on genetics.
All puppies have blue eyes.
All puppies have current shots and tails cropped.
All puppies have health guarantees and contracts.
All puppies have their shots and dewormings up to date with health guarantee.
All puppies have up to date health certificates and shots.
All puppies have up to date shots and worming, dewclaws removed, tails docked, and ears cropped.
All puppies have vaccines and worming started.
All puppies have very black, well defined noses and wide heads.
All puppies leave with a guarantee and a contract.
All puppies leaving the breeder's possession are at least seven weeks of age.
All puppies like to play.
All puppies receive extensive socialization.
All puppies receive proper vaccination and a health checkup by a licensed veterinarian.
Any puppy requires a lot of time and training.
Every puppy deserves a good upbringing and education.
Every puppy deserves a great home.
Every puppy gets a unique number.
Every puppy has an individual personality.
Every puppy is different and is evaluated before ever being sold.
Every puppy is different.
Every puppy is happy.
Every puppy is socialized and receives a wide variety of experiences.
Many puppies accompany their raisers to work.
Many puppies are diggers and tend to outgrow some of it as they grow older.
Many puppies drown each year in backyard swimming pools or fish ponds.
Many puppies enjoy the people they meet and want attention.
Many puppies get care sick but usually out grow it.
Many puppies go through some very gangly stages.
Many puppies hiccup.
More puppies die from hypothermia than anything else.
Most puppies are immune to the mite's effects and display no clinical signs or lesions.
Most puppies are quickly house trained, as they want to keep their own area clean.
Most puppies are weaned by six weeks.
Most puppies begin the weaning process at about two to four weeks of age.
Most puppies build muscles.
Most puppies can have reaction.
Most puppies can have severe reaction.
Most puppies can safely start classes at three months of age.
Most puppies come from private breeders though some dogs are obtained through shelters and rescues.
Most puppies consume calories.
Most puppies consume many calories.
Most puppies develop behavior.
Most puppies develop normal behavior.
Most puppies develop senses.
Most puppies eat dry food.
Most puppies eat food.
Most puppies enjoy dry food.
Most puppies enjoy food.
Most puppies enter adolescent stages.
Most puppies enter periods.
Most puppies enter stages.
Most puppies gain weight.
Most puppies get energy.
Most puppies get homes.
Most puppies get milk.
Most puppies go through an awkward stage no matter the bloodline.
Most puppies go through development stages.
Most puppies go through development.
Most puppies go through developmental phases.
Most puppies go through growth.
Most puppies go through phases.
Most puppies go through puppy development.
Most puppies go through second chew phases.
Most puppies go through second phases.
Most puppies go through stages.
Most puppies go to homes.
Most puppies go to owners.
Most puppies grow into adulthood.
Most puppies grow into healthy adulthood.
Most puppies has-part bones.
Most puppies have bowel movement.
Most puppies have breathe difficulty.
Most puppies have breathe problems.
Most puppies have breaths.
Most puppies have chances.
Most puppies have difficulty.
Most puppies have follicles.
Most puppies have food.
Most puppies have hair follicles.
Most puppies have heartbeats.
Most puppies have instinct.
Most puppies have movement.
Most puppies have parents.
Most puppies have problems.
Most puppies have sharp teeth.
Most puppies have teeth.
Most puppies have tendencies.
Most puppies have tummies.
Most puppies like to root through the contents.
Most puppies outgrow demodetic mange all by themselves as their immune systems mature.
Most puppies prefer canned food to dry.
Most puppies reach ages.
Most puppies reach maturity.
Most puppies reach sexual maturity.
Most puppies receive toys.
Most puppies rely on mothers.
Most puppies show preference.
Most puppies sold in a pet shop come from puppy mills and nothing can be certain of their origins.
Most puppies sold in pet stores come from puppy mills.
Most puppies use basic instinct.
Most puppies use instinct.
Most puppies weigh lbs.
Most puppies weigh pounds.
Some puppies are available.
Some puppies are likely to be Carriers and some puppies are likely to be Affected.
Some puppies attack aggressive mobs.
Some puppies benefit from medication, which only a veterinarian can prescribe.
Some puppies destroy shoes.
Some puppies develop diseases.
Some puppies develop health problems.
Some puppies develop problems.
Some puppies develop respiratory signs and nasal discharge.
Some puppies die from inhalation pneumonia.
Some puppies die from pneumonia.
Some puppies excrete sodium.
Some puppies face death.
Some puppies get colic and scream nonstop for days.
Some puppies go through periods.
Some puppies grow normally until they are diagnosed, and some appear as failures to thrive.
Some puppies have areas.
Some puppies have choices.
Some puppies have deformities.
Some puppies have experience.
Some puppies have more immunity to the disease than others.
Some puppies have plenty.
Some puppies have proteins.
Some puppies have puppies.
Some puppies have scary experience.
Some puppies infect humans.
Some puppies learn skills.
Some puppies learn social skills.
Some puppies love bath-time.
Some puppies love cheese in a can, but handling the can is awkward in training sessions.
Some puppies love to chew anything they can get their mouths on.
Some puppies love to get a hold of toilet paper and either shred it or run down the hall with it.
Some puppies reduce likelihood.
Some puppies regain the ability to walk but remain weak.
Some puppies regulate temperature.
Some puppies require management.
Some puppies require privacy, coaxing, or companionship to eat.
Some puppies sleep in crates.
Some puppies start out as bi-colors and progress to the color of the dog below.
Some puppies suffer from problems.
Some puppies suffer health problems.
Some puppies suffer problems.
Puppys fall in love too.
Pur thorium is soft, very ductile, and can be cold-rolled, swaged, and drawn.
Purchase agreement is a contract
Purchase agreements can be relatively simple.
Most purchase agreements allow the buyer several days after the survey to close the deal.
Purchase card is the preferred method of payment.
Most purchase decisions involve at least one compromise.
Purchase history includes the products or services bought, and the transaction history.
Purchase history is a low level of personalization.
Purchase order are also welcome.
Purchase Order confirms best price.
Purchase Order Create a web configuration on the custom store.
Purchase order Displays the purchase order number.
Purchase order Enter the blanket order number.
Purchase order Enter the purchase order number to be changed.
Purchase order Enter the purchase order number.
Purchase Order Forms Our site uses an order form for customers to request our products.
Purchase order is enclosed.
Purchase order is papers
Purchase order is processed and mailed.
Purchase order is required if buying from a dealer.
Purchase orders are a common method of purchasing goods and services.
Purchase orders are a hassle.
Purchase orders are a particular type of contract.
Purchase orders are acceptable from accredited educational institutions.
Purchase orders are acceptable from approved institutions.
Purchase orders are acceptable from recognized public or private institutions.
Purchase orders are acceptable.
Purchase orders are customizable, and can be simple or detailed.
Purchase orders are incomplete or provide incorrect specifications or other data.
Purchase orders are our specialty.
Purchase orders are subject to credit approval.
Purchase orders are to be signed by the appropriate administrator.
Purchase orders are welcome from libraries, educational facilities and government organizations.
Purchase orders are welcome, subject to approval.
Purchase orders are welcome.
Purchase orders commit funds within the budget where they are charged.
Purchase orders encumber funds against budgeted general ledger accounts until paid or closed.
Purchase orders have to be faxed on the company letterheads.
Purchase orders have various limitations depending on the amount of the order.
Purchase orders originate in the departmental libraries.
Purchase orders reduce confusion and errors.
Purchase orders reference the price agreement number.
Purchase orders require an authorized signature.
Purchase orders require pre-approval.
Purchase orders result from requisitions created and approved by campus departments.
Purchase orders welcome.
All purchase orders are due on receipt.
All purchase orders are one-way.
All purchase orders are subject to approval.
All purchase orders are subject to credit approval prior to shipment.
All purchase orders are subject to credit approval.
All purchase orders are subject to verification and credit approval.
All purchase orders are TAX-FREE .
All purchase orders are valid and are to be re-encumbered in the next fiscal year.
All purchase orders have a six digit number.
Purchase power is at low limit.
Purchase records provide a shorcut to estimating emissions from a facility.
A purchase is an acquisition
Purchase ADSs without a personal broker and with no fees or brokerage commissions.
Purchase amounts that can be used up easily.
Purchase assessments online with complete security.
Purchase can be an expensive investment before any revenue is generated.
Purchase catalogs direct from our website.
Purchase collectibles from the large collection in store.
Purchase continues to be under negotiation.
Purchase covers making of the shirt only.
Purchase depends upon the quality of and demand for such materials.
Purchase effectively means lease for the life of the film print or videotape.
Purchase effectively means lease for the life of the videotape.
Purchase enables five more types of snowflakes and removes the shareware reminders.
Purchase entitles the buyer to access all future revisions of the product.
Purchase entitles the buyer to free updates for the life of the product.
Purchase floats separately.
Purchase formed by a rope wove through one or more blocks.
Purchase grooms gifts.
Purchase handles separately.
Purchase includes a carry bag made of thick, soft fabric in a southwestern motif.
Purchase includes a spa and golf membership as well.
Purchase includes approx.
Purchase includes bass pedal and cymbal mount.
Purchase includes first three months of update service and software support.
Purchase includes free instructional video.
Purchase includes initial access to the online version with advanced search tools.
Purchase includes plural and singular.
Purchase includes setup and takedown for the first year.
Purchase includes three months of updates.
Purchase includes two scenic posters.
Purchase includes unlimited access to our online Answer line.
Purchase inks in containers that can be returned to the supplier for refilling.
Purchase IRAs early in the year.
Purchase is a transfer of title or possession for a consideration.
Purchase is also possible in form here.
Purchase is always in canadian dollars.
Purchase is available online using our secure credit card ordering facility.
Purchase is by a completed blue payment slip.
Purchase is by hanging weight, which is the same hot or cold.
Purchase is by secure credit card transaction.
Purchase is dependent upon available funding.
Purchase is half down, balance on final check of machine before delivery.
Purchase is non-refundable after serial number is delivered.
Purchase is non-refundable.
Purchase is on a cash or check only basis.
Purchase is optional, and a copy is also on reserve.
Purchase is optional.
Purchase is subsequently voluntary.
Purchase is tax deductible for professional pilots.
Purchase is via subscription.
Purchase is voluntary.
Purchase laptops to loan to students for use in the library.
Purchase passes before departing for Europe.
Purchase passes by check made payable to the City of Monterey Park at the pool.
Purchase passes to museums or arrange a car transfer from the airport.
Purchase permits at ramp.
Purchase reports, plans and specifications online, download demos and upgrades, and view samples.
Purchase requires a login and password which changes monthly.
Purchase requires a uasename and password which changes monthly.
Purchase requires a user group code which changes monthly.
Purchase rides before tower admission to avoid paying twice.
Purchase see, choosing disease resistant varieties where available.
Purchase specializes in online medical consultations for prescription medications.
Purchase starts each spring, or overwinter potted plants in a greenhouse or sunporch.
Purchase takes place through the artist directly.
Purchase upgrades to our Internet connection.
Purchase wines thru the online store.
Purchase workbooks at office supply stores.
Purchase worms from a fishing bait retailer or from a worm wholesaler.
Purchase wristbands at the observatory.
Purchases appear Second toward whatever forehead on that saw.
Purchases are acquisitions.
Purchases are an example off true variable cost, fluctuating as sales change.
Purchases are available only over the Internet and using a major credit card.
Purchases are by competitive tender for project, supply and other contracts.
Purchases are by credit card only.
Purchases are completely at the risk and discretion of the buyer.
Purchases are completely free of all markings and erasures.
Purchases are cumulative.
Purchases are economic goods.
Purchases are employee-initiated.
Purchases are essentially anonymous.
Purchases are fast and easy.
Purchases are for educational and non-theatrical playback only.
Purchases are immediately available as downloads.
Purchases are in English only.
Purchases are in volume for additional savings which are then passed on to the homebuyer.
Purchases are influence.
Purchases are items that are necessary for the job setup, regardless of worker disability.
Purchases are limited to five copies per customer .
Purchases are limited to five packets per variety.
Purchases are limited to materials and supplies budget accounts.
Purchases are limited to one per ID and are subject to availability.
Purchases are limited to one unit per customer.
Purchases are limited to open heifers.
Purchases are limited to six tickets per person.
Purchases are limited to the amount of funds in the cardholder's account.
Purchases are limited to three cars of each gauge.
Purchases are necessary to accumulate points.
Purchases are non-refundable, unless supplier cancellation policies apply.
Purchases are often partially tax deductible.
Purchases are on a cash-only basis.
Purchases are ongoing throughout the year.
Purchases are only to be made at secure sites.
Purchases are private and discrete.
Purchases are processed faster, as practically no manual work is necessary.
Purchases are safe and secure .
Purchases are secure and confidential.
Purchases are subject to applicable sales taxes.
Purchases are subject to credit approval.
Purchases are subject to product availability.
Purchases are subject to the availability of funds.
Purchases are tax deductible to the full extent provided by law.
Purchases are tax deductible.
Purchases are tax exempt.
Purchases are tax-deductible.
Purchases are tax-exempt .
Purchases are the responsibility of the buyer.
Purchases are the responsibility of the person buying the goods.
Purchases are then tax exempt.
Purchases benefit the conservation of the Bay's environment.
Purchases can be as low as ninety nine cents or for a large sum of money.
Purchases can be gift-wrapped and shipped with a personalized note.
Purchases can include computers, networking equipment, software, supplies, or student help.
Purchases can include display equipment, computers, furniture, supplies, or remodeling.
Purchases carry no additional cost over the price of the product.
Purchases catch Art without one skin beyond either quality.
Purchases completed by regular mail are also possible.
Purchases consider near some racquetball racket.
Purchases count as a tax-deductible donations.
Purchases depends, attends and serenity brand adult diapers.
Purchases dread at some scissors unless sing canned tuna.
Purchases exceeding that amount are subject to duty taxes.
Purchases greek theater los angeles.
Purchases help save the rhino from extinction.
Purchases help support our school.
Purchases help support scholarships for staff career development, athletics and campus child care.
Purchases help support the association which translates to greater member services and benefits.
Purchases here are on a cash basis or can be charged to a bedroom account.
Purchases here support evangelization.
Purchases made after the initial sale can provide a continuous and growing source of income.
Purchases made are subject to the underlying sales tax on the item purchased.
Purchases made by a customer who has presented a Card are eligible for price discounts . . .
Purchases made by federally chartered banks and savings and loans are subject to sales and use tax.
Purchases made by lease are subject to the same competitive process as any other purchase.
Purchases made by one department on behalf of another department require a countersignature.
Purchases made by university employees play a major role in the economic vitality of the community.
Purchases made during festive seasons are invariably at a heftier price.
Purchases made in Mexico are duty free, and there is no state sales tax.
Purchases made in Mexico are duty free.
Purchases made in other states are subject to applicable sales taxes.
Purchases made in Pennsylvania are exempt from Pennsylvania sales tax.
Purchases made outside of Arizona and then brought into the state are subject to use taxation.
Purchases made with gift certificates are subject to sales taxes where provided by law.
Purchases make away the cheese next offend the poisonwood bible.
Purchases notice Caution inside favorite around many algebra either lay to the hen.
Purchases only are eligible.
Purchases range from hardware equipment, to security systems, to software, to service support.
Purchases require preparation for shipment and turnover to the appropriate delivery service.
Purchases routinely run into the thousands of dollars.
Purchases support a program to help the African poor help pull themselves out of poverty.
Purchases support national environmental conservation.
Purchases support numerous charities, women artists and female-owned business.
Purchases take four to six weeks to process.
Purchases teach Britain until several midnight to an duty.
Purchases teach Niece without toe alongside several mystery buffs because known behind none station.
Purchases typically take between three and ten days to arrive.
Purchases using credit card is limited to cards provided by United States institutions.
Purchases visit against the work either smile ski doo jet ski repair manuals.
Purchases visit against the work either smile ski doo polaris.
Purchases visit against the work either smile snowmobile sale.
Purchases visit against the work either smile used snowmobile price.
Purchases wonder despite lots junior golf clubs.
All purchase are subject to the provisions of that contract.
All purchase are via mail order or from our premises, by prior arrangement.
All purchases also attract a one-off tax liability.
All purchases appear on the monthly budget sheets.
All purchases are 'as is'.
All purchases are between the buyer and seller.
All purchases are by cash, check, or credit card unless authorized by a sponsoring agency.
All purchases are carefully packed and their delivery is insured.
All purchases are cash and carry.
All purchases are confidential and customer service is our top priority.
All purchases are direct through the vendors using secured funds transfer mechanisms.
All purchases are eligible.
All purchases are final .
All purchases are final and non-refundable.
All purchases are final and without refund.
All purchases are final unless a specific defect is found in the product.
All purchases are final, unless product is defective.
All purchases are final.
All purchases are for a fraction of their fair market values.
All purchases are free of any value added tax or customs duties anywhere in the world.
All purchases are fully refundable for the purchase price.
All purchases are fully tax-deductible.
All purchases are in the as is condition.
All purchases are in U.S. dollars.
All purchases are made from egghead rather than a third party, so the transactions are secure.
All purchases are non-refundable.
All purchases are non-returnable, no exchanges or refunds.
All purchases are on a cash only basis.
All purchases are on a first come first served basis.
All purchases are on approval.
All purchases are open to any responsible vendor so interested.
All purchases are payable by check.
All purchases are payment in advance by cash, check or credit card.
All purchases are refundable unless stated otherwise.
All purchases are related to the district technology plan.
All purchases are returnable.
All purchases are safe and secure.
All purchases are secure, and remember, reading is fundamental, or something.
All purchases are secure.
All purchases are specially gift wrapped and include a small gift or two.
All purchases are subject to availability.
All purchases are subject to British Columbia sales tax as applicable.
All purchases are subject to California sales tax.
All purchases are subject to cancellation penalties.
All purchases are subject to tax and shipping.
All purchases are subject to the state bid procedures.
All purchases are subject to the terms and conditions of each individual vendor.
All purchases are subject to verification before being processed.
All purchases are tax deductible.
All purchases are taxable.
All purchases are TAX-FREE .
All purchases are the sole responsibility of the buyer and seller.
All purchases are the sole responsibility of the user.
All purchases are through secure credit card transactions.
All purchases are to be approved by the faculty advisor prior to the purchase time.
All purchases are to be made utilizing our tax-exempt status.
All purchases are via a secure credit card system .
All purchases benefit animal non-profit groups.
All purchases benefit our museum.
All purchases benefit the preservation of our irreplaceable animal population.
All purchases come with a free appraisal.
All purchases come with a free jewelers polishing cloth.
All purchases come with a guarantee of quality and delivery tracking.
All purchases come with a with money-back guarantee.
All purchases come with shipping .
All purchases come with six months free technical support and unlimited updates.
All purchases contribute to the expansion of the participating museums' art collections.
All purchases go in the same data set.
All purchases guarantee delivery of the product via CD-ROM or electronic transfer.
All purchases have a full money-back product guarantee.
All purchases have a ten day return guarantee.
All purchases help the cats at the shelter.
All purchases made are completely confidential.
All purchases made on sale days are final.
All purchases made since then do qualify.
All purchases made through our gift shop go to support our museum.
All purchases made through the mall are Secure.
All purchases made under the low-value delegation are subject to audit.
All purchases made within Australia include goods and services tax .
All purchases made within the state of California are subject to California state sales tax.
All purchases require a credit card or debit card and are processed online.
All purchases require a recipients full name.
All purchases support the project.
All purchases support vital conservation programs.
Any purchase made outside of the state is subject to required state sales tax.
Any purchases are packed and shipped with personal attention by owners.
Any purchases done go towards better carvings, and improving the lives of the artisans.
Any purchases made and contracts set-up are between the user and the store.
Any purchases made online are the responsibility of the user.
Any purchases made through our affiliates are subject to their privacy policy.
Any purchases online require a credit card.
Any purchases support the efforts to save and restore the systems.
Every purchase benefits the gallery.
Every purchase benefits the university.
Every purchase carries a money-back satisfaction guarantee.
Every purchase comes with a money back guarantee.
Every purchase earns a commission for the Republican Assemblies.
Every purchase earns our chapter a percentage of the total price.
Every purchase earns points, which are instantly recorded on computer.
Every purchase has to be approved by the city council.
Every purchase has to be rethought now.
Every purchase helps , so check out the deals.
Every purchase helps provide job training and employment opportunities for people with blindness.
Every purchase helps raise money for our museum.
Every purchase helps support the station.
Every purchase helps to ease someone s life.
Every purchase is a gift for wolves.
Every purchase is as simple as using a credit card.
Every purchase is backed by a money-back guarantee of authenticity.
Every purchase is built correctly.
Every purchase is confidential.
Every purchase is guaranteed.
Every purchase is made using a server designed for taking secure orders over the Internet.
Every purchase is recorded with the name and address of the owner together with the edition number.
Every purchase is tax-deductible.
Every purchase is written down and the money put away.
Every purchase made directly from the product search helps Mensa fund raising.
Every purchase made on our site is absolutely safe.
Every purchase made on our terms is a walking claim against a vendor.
Every purchase made with closed-end financing requires a new application and contract.
Every purchase supports our cause.
Many purchase collectibles as an investment.
Most purchase offers usually give two or three days for the seller to consider and respond.
Most purchases are impulse-driven, where a special wrapper, price or unique benefit catches the eye.
Most purchases are of German-language titles.
Most purchases are to be arranged telephonically, by fax or by mail.
Most purchases require equipment to be in an approved capital budget.
Some purchases require special approvals or processing due to their nature.
Purchaseable goodies range from food to tools, personal care items and home office products.
Purchasing managers are business people.
Purchasing managers are in charge of the deals that are too difficult for most buyers.
Purchasing managers are managers.
Purchasing managers buy goods and services for their companies.
Purchasing managers can focus on building strategic relationships instead of processing paperwork.
Purchasing managers go through a lot of expense in looking at integrated suppliers.
Purchasing managers keep track of economic information that relates to their product.
Purchasing managers report some slowing in the manufacturing sector.
Purchasing managers supervise buyers and purchasing agents.
Most purchasing managers expect material prices to stabilize during the summer.
Most purchasing situations have several acceptable alternatives.
Purchasing are part of procurements.
Purdue authorities continue to review videotapes of the incident, and more hearings are likely.
Purdue employees get a significant discount on fees for the course.
Purdue engineers are among the university's graduates making their mark in management.
Purdue geeks have fun with a barbecue.
Purdue people come from different back-grounds.
Purdue people come from different backgrounds.
Purdue students are welcome to participate in the club regardless of their major.
Purdy soils are poorly to very poorly drained.
Pure advertising is excluded.
Pure aerobes require dissolved oxygen provided by aeration.
Pure agave produces the highest quality tequila.
Pure air enhances respiration.
Pure air is also very important for maintaining for good health .
Pure air is invaluable.
Pure albinos have eyes.
Pure albinos have pink eyes.
Most pure albinos have eyes.
Most pure albinos have pink eyes.
Pure alcohol has no colour or taste.
Pure alcohol is obtained from campus stores.
Pure alfalfa stands usually result in higher hay yields.
Pure alumina yields white sapphire.
Pure aluminium is a silvery-white metal with many desirable characteristics.
Pure aluminium is a soft lightweight metal.
Pure aluminium is light, but it is too weak for most construction purposes.
Pure aluminium is made from bauxite, a kind of rock that has aluminium oxide and many impurities.
Pure aluminium is soft, ductile, corrosion resistant and has a high electrical conductivity.
Pure aluminium is soft.
Pure aluminum exhibits similar behavior.
Some pure aluminum has conductivity.
Pure ambience surrounds each masterpiece.
Pure analysis is similar to simple analysis.
Pure antibody is eluted after all other unwanted proteins have been washed away.
Pure arrogance is what it is - the history of their peoples are just as tarnished as anyone else's.
Pure arsenic is lethal.
Pure art is far more sacred than religion.
Pure art is the power of thinking.
Many pure ASPs emerge every day.
Pure baby equals pure innocence.
Pure barter is the world's oldest economic system.
Pure beeswax chunks For crafts, sewing, food, working and sports.
Pure beeswax is one of nature's most perfect products.
Pure beeswax is the only non-toxic fuel known to ancient and modern science.
Pure behavior produces spiritual peace and stability, but sinful behavior produces instability.
Pure being is identical to pure naught.
Pure being is reflected in the mirror of the mind, as knowing.
Pure beryl is also colorless.
Pure beryl is colorless, but trace amount of certain elements can color it a variety of colors.
Pure beryllium is a hard grayish metal that is a chemical component of certain kinds of rocks.
Pure beryllium is obtained by chemically reducing beryl mineral.
Pure bismuth is a white, brittle metal with a slight pink color.
Pure black is a noise floor of zero.
Pure black is fully transparent.
Pure black is normally worth more than mixed colors.
Pure bliss is just a simple click away.
Pure blood has the power of expelling all obnoxious germs.
Pure boron is a shiny, silver-grey crystalline solid.
Pure brass cojones.
Most pure breeds have rescues.
Pure bristle is actually animal hair.
Pure butter is made by heating the raw butter to remove protein and water.
Pure cadmium is a soft, silver-white metal found naturally in small amounts in soil.
Pure caffeine is odorless and has a bitter taste.
Pure calcite is a form of calcium carbonate.
Pure calcite is colorless and transparent, sometimes with rhombus- shaped crystals.
Pure calcite is white and almost colorless.
Pure capsaicin is a hydrophobic , colorless , odorless , crystalline to waxy compound .
Pure capsaicin is a hydrophobic, colorless, odorless, crystalline to waxy compound.
Pure carbon can be the soft graphite in pencils, or diamond, the hardest element.
Pure cashmere is considered a luxury fabric.
Pure cayenne is the only ingredient in the powdered cayenne.
Pure cesium is a beautiful silver-gold coloured metal that melts just above room temperature.
Pure chemical substances consist of chemical elements.
Pure chemical substances consist of different elements.
Pure chemical substances consist of elements.
Pure chemicals are very expensive.
Pure chemistry is the collecting of facts.
Pure chloroform is unstable and rapidly generates free radical degradation products.
Pure chlorophyl is sold in bottles, tablets and pouwder.
Pure chromium is acceptable for cutlery and utensils, and there is a lot of it out there in use.
Pure chymosin is made in bacteria, purified, and added to milk to cause the curd to form.
Pure cinema is complementary pieces of film put together, like notes of music make a melody.
Pure civet has a very strong, disagreeable odor.
Pure civet is foul-smelling.
Pure clay is too impervious to drain.
Some pure clay is made of feldspars.
Pure cobalt is a steel-gray, shiny, hard metal that is insoluble in water.
Pure cobalt is a steel-gray, shiny, hard metal.
Pure cobalt is obtained as a by-product of refining nickel, copper and iron.
Pure cobalt is obtained as a byproduct of refining nickel, copper and iron.
Pure codeine is also available as codeine sulphate tablets.
Pure coin toss.
Pure color defines simplicity.
Pure colors are intense, diluted colors are duller.
Pure communication happens between our raw creativity and their unprepared psyche.
Pure communism says everyone owns alike.
Pure competition decides the success or failure of a casino.
Pure competition exists in a market when individual firms have no influence over price.
Pure compounds boil when they reach a temperature called their boiling point .
Pure compounds have a capacity to absorb heat , and in the process warm up.
Pure concentration is directed on the program.
Pure consciousness feels neither.
Pure consciousness is just the simplest form of our own awareness, located at the source of thought.
Pure consciousness is our spiritual essence.
Pure consciousness is the fundamental level of awareness, the basis of all thinking and behavior.
Pure consciousness is the source of the unlimited creativity and intelligence of the mind.
Pure consciousness is the source of the unlimited creativity and intelligenceof the mind.
Pure copper has conductivity.
Pure copper has thermal conductivity.
Pure copper is a much better electrical conductor at normal operating conditions.
Pure copper is a single phase alloy.
Pure copper is alloyed with many other elements to produce minor changes in properties.
Pure copper is obtained by electrolysis .
Pure copper is red-orange in color.
Pure copper is soft and can be drawn into wire or hammered into desired shapes.
Pure copper is soft enough to accept a charge of diamond dust if properly applied.
Most pure copper has conductivity.
Most pure copper has thermal conductivity.
Pure corundum is a colorless, trigonal crystal with a hardness between that of emerald and diamond.
Pure corundum is colorless.
Pure cotton equals pure comfort.
Pure creatine is a powder.
Pure crystals produce so little current that it is unmeasurable.
Pure cultures are now possible because of solid medium usage.
Pure dance is abstract.
Pure data has no passion, no color.
Pure desert surrounds the tee boxes and greens, and borders the fairways.
Pure dialects are the result of communicative isolation.
Pure dingos have foreheads.
Pure dingos live in areas.
Most pure dingos have foreheads.
Most pure dingos live in areas.
Pure doctrine is the foundation of the church and the only absolutes man has to live and die by.
Pure domain opens up pure domination.
Pure drivel tends to drive ordinary drivel off of the TV screen.
Pure drivel tends to drive ordinary drivel off the TV screen.
Pure energy travels at the speed of light.
Pure enjoyment is the main thing.
Pure entertainment is nothing to be ashamed of.
Pure erbium is malleable and soft.
Pure ethanol is a colourless flammable liquid.
Pure evacuation causes the chamber roof to collapse along adjacent bell-shaped reverse faults.
Pure existence is the same as pure knowledge and pure bliss.
Pure experience is the mind seeing itself as reflected in itself.
Pure fabrics are hypoallergenic and environmentally friendly.
Pure fairness is as unlikely and as undesirable as making all mountains the same height.
Pure fantasy is dew on grass fading with sun's first rays.
Pure feldspar is colorless and transparent but can be found in a variety of colors.
Pure fiction is a real bitch to write.
Any pure fluid possesses a liquid-vapor critical point.
Pure food alienates no big domestic interest group.
Pure food helps a man to have a clean conscience, whereas animal food makes it impure.
Pure food is very good medicine.
Pure food tends to pure morals.
Pure foods contribute enough salt to the diet to maintain health.
Pure form becomes the only 'fix' for an addiction to speed.
Pure form is finally shapeless, or words to that effect.
Pure form is frame, inner, frame.
Pure form is lifeless and abstract, pure emotion subjective and incoherent.
Pure form is obtained from fractional distillation of liquid air.
Pure form lies at the other extreme end of the continuum.
Pure forms are rare - most cases involve mixed water and salt depletion.
Pure forms exist, but patients often have some combination of both diseases.
Pure formaldehyde has a tendency to polymerize.
Pure formaldehyde is a gas at room temperature and atmospheric pressure.
Pure formaldehyde is very reactive and polymer izes easily.
Pure freedom is defenseless against itself.
Pure freedom knows no limit.
Pure fuel comes from intrinsic motivation, or feeling motivated from within.
Pure fun is guaranteed.
Pure fun is the name of the game.
Pure functions are analogous.
Pure functions are worth learning about.
Many pure gases are also available in larger quantities via tube trailers.
Pure germanium is a hard, lustrous, gray-white, brittle metalloid.
Pure germanium is a semiconductor with an appearance similar to elemental silicon.
Pure ghee is clarified butter.
Pure gold appears as gold-yellow.
Pure gold has a yellow glow to it.
Pure gold is also a very soft metal.
Pure gold is bright yellow and has a high luster.
Pure gold is gold
Pure gold is softer than lead - so it has to be alloyed with other metals.
Pure gold is the most malleable and ductile of all the metals.
Pure gold is too soft for reasonable jewelry use.
Pure gold is twenty-four carat.
Pure gold is very soft, ductile, and can be used at elevated temperatures.
Pure gold is what that is.
Pure gold is yellow.
Pure goof is the rule and the movie works best when it rigorously toes the nutball line.
Pure greed motivates the abortionists.
Pure grizzle produces storkmarks.
Pure gypsum can take remarkably different forms.
Pure heart appears as the action of good intentions in the unconsciousness.
Pure heart breeds beautiful thoughts and beautiful thoughts give birth to noble deeds.
Pure helium is undesirable.
Pure hematite is a deep red and pure limonite is normally deep yellow.
Pure heroin is a white powder that tastes really bad.
Pure heroin is a white powder with a bitter taste.
Pure heroin is a white, odourless powder with a bitter taste.
Pure heroin is relatively non-toxic but is very addictive.
Pure holmium has a metallic to bright silver luster.
Pure honey is an excellent conditioner for dry skin.
Pure honey tends to harden or become granulated over time as it sits.
Pure hues are high-intensity colors.
Pure hues have the greatest intensity or brightness.
Pure hydrogen is produced anaerobically and converted to electricity via a solid-oxide fuel cell.
Pure hydrogen is used as the anode fuel, air is used as the cathode feed.
Pure hydrogen is very uncommon in the Earth's atmosphere.
Pure hype wastes the reader s time.
Pure idealism is fine, in an ideal world.
Pure imitators have probabilities to innovate of zero.
Pure importers are likely to be rather powerless.
Pure indeterminacy is rather boring.
Pure information has no bias.
Pure insufficiency appears to be more frequent in early childhood.
Pure invention precedes understanding, and it stands apart from deduction or reason.
Pure iodine is poisonous if ingested.
Pure iridium is very brittle and is nearly impossible to machine.
Pure iron has little use - some for analytical chemistry and some in medicine.
Pure iron is a soft silvery-grey metal.
Pure iron is also the most important metal that exhibits magnetism.
Pure iron is an element which is silvery-grey, soft and ferromagnetic.
Pure iron is extracted from the ore by melting and purifying it.
Pure iron is quite reactive.
Pure iron is very reactive chemically, and rapidly corrodes in moist air and elevated temperatures.
Pure knowledge breeds humanity.
Pure knowledge enables good performance.
Pure knowledge helps a person in realizing right from wrong.
Pure knowledge is based on the data of empirical sensual consciousness forming the direct truth.
Pure laboratory based genetic testing is technologically complex and expensive.
Pure lanthanum is obtained by the reduction of the fluoride with calcium metal.
Pure lead corrodes at a very slow rate compared to alloys of calcium and antimony.
Pure lead corrodes very slowly compared to a lead-calcium alloy.
Pure lead is a heavy gray metal, easily scratched with a house key.
Pure legality is overcome by generous and gratuitous fatherly love, which surpasses human justice.
Pure liberty subverts everything, including liberty itself.
Pure life has no weakness to grow weary withal.
Pure life ins.
Pure linalool has a fine, delightfully sweet aroma.
Pure lindane is odorless.
Pure linen is our basic fabric.
Pure liquid is colorless and odorless .
Pure liquids have characteristic freezing points.
Pure lithium is highly reactive .
Pure lockstep is so unpopular that only nine per cent of respondents see it as a success.
Pure logic is replaced by defacto standards of cynicism.
Pure logic studies the logical relations between statements.
Pure love accepts anything and everything that comes.
Pure love acts and creates within.
Pure love can emanate only from a heart immersed in peace.
Pure love has no self interest.
Pure love is a greater leveller.
Pure love is a willingness to give, without a thought of receiving anything in return.
Pure love is our nature.
Pure love is our Source.
Pure love is overcome by perversity.
Pure love is pure energy and it is an endless flow.
Pure love is the chief manifestation of education.
Pure love is unattainable.
Pure love is without discriminating power.
Pure love means, simply put, living for the sake of others.
Pure Love takes time as each person understands it.
Pure love yields happiness and engenders trust.
Pure luck has little chance here.
Pure mako flows into the world through the reactors and also naturally occuring mako fountains.
Pure males are occasionally present in natural populations.
Pure manganese is made by reacting the manganese ore with sulfuric acid and electrolyzing it.
Pure marble is white.
Some pure materials absorb light.
Pure mathematics concerns itself with studies of structure, form, and quantitative relationships.
Pure mathematics has no necessary relation to external reality, it is a thought form.
Pure mathematics is mathematics that studies entirely abstract concepts .
Pure mathematics is on the whole distinctly more useful than applied.
Pure mathematics is the art of creating and imagining.
Pure mathematics is the study and development of the accepted principles of mathematics.
Pure mathematics seems to function within a realm of complete independence.
Pure mathematicians do it rigorously.
Pure mathematicians do it rigourously.
Pure meanness is really inappropriate.
Pure meditation is taught in everyday language and there is no dogma or religion to take on board.
Pure melanin makes hair brown or black.
Pure metal has physical properties.
Pure metal has properties.
Pure metal is the best way to describe their sound.
Pure metals are elements which comes from a particular area of the periodic table.
Pure metals have low recrystallization temperatures as compared with alloys.
Most pure metal has physical properties.
Most pure metal has properties.
Most pure metals are either too soft, brittle or chemically reactive for practical use.
Pure methanol is an important material in chemical synthesis.
Pure milk chocolates with whipped pure maple syrup centres.
Pure mime is accepted.
Pure minerals are rare - most rocks are a combination of many minerals.
Many pure minerals are colorless.
Pure morality is only an instinctive adjustment which the soul makes.
Pure morality reduces all thinking to atoms of choice.
Pure motives can never justify impure or violent action.
Pure music communicates non-literal and abstract sounds.
Pure music is absolute.
Pure naphtha is highly explosive when exposed to an open flame.
Pure naturalism takes second place.
Pure nickel is made by heating the gaseous nickel tetracarbonyl to high temperatures.
Pure nicotine is a tobacco extract highly toxic to warm blooded animals.
Pure nicotine is a tobacco extract highly toxic to warm-blooded animals.
Pure niobium has excellent characteristics as a construction material in nuclear power plants.
Pure niobium is soft and ductile.
Pure nonexistence can have no specification or individualization in the degrees of knowledge.
Pure oats are gluten-free.
Pure objectivity is impossible.
Pure observation is given importance over experimentation.
Pure ores are heavier than iron but hard if alloyed and stronger than platinium and never rot.
Pure oxygen can also relieve fatigue, headaches, and boost energy.
Pure oxygen generates larger, more intense flames.
Pure oxygen is a fire hazard.
Pure oxygen is given to the customer via a tube which connects the machine with the nostrils.
Pure oxygen is injected into the holding tanks and mixed with the water by electric pumps.
Pure oxygen is used at the main plant because of space limitations.
Pure oxygen is used in submarines and diving bells.
Pure oxygen is used to pressurize the chamber.
Pure oxygen promotes combustion, and high-pressure oxygen greatly enhances combustion.
Pure oxygen speeds up burning.
Pure oxygen supports rapid combustion of any burnable material.
Pure ozone is a blue gas with a unique odor.
Pure ozone is a pale blue gas that has a sharp, irritating odor.
Pure ozone is an unstable, faintly bluish gas with a characteristic fresh, penetrating odor.
Pure parathion is a pale yellow liquid, while the technical grades are brown.
Pure performance is the issue.
Pure persuasion is all bias.
Pure phenol is colorless,diamond crystal with spcial odour.
Pure phosphorus exists in several forms called allotropes.
Pure phosphorus exists in three forms - red, white, yellow.
Pure pigment absorbs blue light.
Pure pigment absorbs color.
Pure pigment absorbs light.
Pure pigment absorbs red light.
Pure pigment allows very little white light to escape, producing a highly saturated color.
Pure pigment reflects light.
Most pure pigment absorbs blue light.
Most pure pigment absorbs color.
Most pure pigment absorbs light.
Most pure pigment absorbs red light.
Most pure pigment reflects light.
Pure pineapple is good, too.
Pure plant enzymes aid in the breakdown of residual food particles.
Pure platinum has all the desirably properties except hardness.
Pure platinum is used in a wide range of diverse applications.
Pure platinum is very malleable.
Pure platinum makes the difference.
Pure plays face trouble in e-commerce shakeout .
Pure plutonium is a silvery metal heavier than lead.
Pure plutonium is a silvery metal that is heavier than lead.
Pure plutonium is silvery, but acquires a yellowish tarnish as it oxidizes.
Pure polyester is more abrasive and can leave tiny scratches in the paint.
Pure potassium is a soft, waxy metal that can be easily cut with a knife.
Pure potential is nothing.
Pure power is box office.
Pure privacy is universal.
Pure procedures can only call other pure procedures.
Pure products have the melting point mentioned in the above table.
Pure pursuit is used when acquiring a missile lock.
Pure quartz contains no lead , is nontransferable and non-absorbable.
Pure quartz is also an amulet giving the wearer extraordinary sexual prowess.
Pure quartz is also an amulet giving the wearer extraordinary sexualprowess.
Pure quartz is clear, but it can occur in white, pink, blue, purple, green, and yellow forms.
Pure quartz is colorless, but it normally contains traces of other minerals that give it color.
Pure quartz is colorless, but quartz occurs in many colors.
Pure quartz is transparent and colorless.
Pure quartz is usually white or colorless and the streak is white.
Pure radium decomposes water, turns black in air, and reacts with acids.
Pure reason is available.
Pure reason is occupied with nothing but itself.
Pure reason reveals the bridge that is there, the common ground or good that exists.
Pure reason reveals to men and women that they are that.
Pure receptivity is called for.
Pure red can mean lots of citality and activity.
Pure red contains absolutely no cyan and vice versa.
Pure regions indicate dominance of one cover type probability.
Pure relaxation helps the pain alot.
Pure relaxation is what a fly-in is all about.
Pure religion is marked by a personal ministry.
Pure religion is to visit the fatherless and needy in their affliction.
Pure research is arduous, demanding, and difficult.
Pure research is the best protection for society.
Pure resin flows from the higher port before capping and moving on.
Some pure rhubarb raspberry, too.
Pure rice is permitted.
Pure risk can result only in loss, never in gain.
Pure risk is deemed to be outside anybody's control, happening by accident or misfortune.
Pure saccharin tastes several hundred times as sweet as sugar.
Pure saffron is made up of tiny, bright-red threads.
Pure saline works well for flushing the wound site.
Pure saliva is produced mainly by the parotid, sublingual and submandibular glands.
Pure salt consists of the elements sodium and chlorine.
Pure salt is avoided as particular colors of salt indicates the presence of different impurities.
Some pure salt conducts electricity.
Pure sand is too porous to hold water.
Pure sarin is colorless, odorless, and volatile, and a highly lethal OP compound.
Pure scandium is extremely difficult to refine.
Pure scandium is obtained as a by-product of uranium refining.
Pure science collects a windfall.
Pure science does fascinate, but it is the application that most people recognize.
Pure science encourages speculation, and following promising but untried lines of exploration.
Pure science explain phenomena.
Pure science has large number of applications.
All pure science has an applied science attached to it, and is indeed dependent ultimately upon it.
Most pure science explain phenomena.
Pure scientists view dreams as manifestations of superstition, magic, and occult phenomena.
Pure sensation can capture awareness.
Pure shear is harder to see than simple shear because there is no stationary frame of reference.
Pure silicon can exist in a shiny dark grey crystalline form or as an amorphous powder.
Pure silicon has few free electrons and is quite resistive.
Pure silicon is a poor electrical conductor at room temperature.
Pure silicon is manufactured for the electronics industry.
Pure silicon is needed for the computer chips and integrated circuits found in so many items.
Pure silicon is now of great importance in the electronics industry as a semiconductor.
Pure silk is less susceptible if completely degummed.
Pure silver does occur in nature, but is rare.
Pure silver has a brilliant white metallic luster.
Pure silver has the highest electrical and thermal conductivity of all metals.
Pure silver is also very soft because it allows slippage to occur easily.
Pure silver is entirely non-irritant.
Pure silver is essential to life.
Pure silver is relatively soft.
Pure silver is sometimes available at electroplating supply companies.
Pure silver tarnishes very little, but is too soft for jewelry without being alloyed.
Pure sine is ideal for running loads with sensitive electronics or tools.
Pure Soap leaves no drying alkali residue on one's face and body after rinsing.
Pure sociology tends to be ravaged by leftism and other ideological delusions.
Pure solids are boring.
Pure soul is the only worthwhile thing, the rest is all mundane.
Pure soul shake.
Pure specimen turns a rosy pink when discovered in natural state.
Pure specimen turns rosey pink when discovered in natural state.
Pure specimen turns rosy pick when discovered in natural state.
Pure specimen turns rosy pink when discovered in a natural state.
Pure specimen turns rosy pink when discovered in natural state.
Pure specimen turns rosy pink when discovered in the natural state.
Pure specimen turns to rosy pink when discovered in the natural state.
Pure specimens turn bright pink when discovered in the natural state.
Pure specimens turn bright red when discovered in natural state.
Pure specimens turn rosy if discovered in natural state.
Pure specimens turn rosy pink when found in natural state .
Pure specimens turn rosy tint if discovered in raw, natural state.
Pure speculation is just that.
Pure speed is a measure, a fetish, an excess.
Pure spirituality is prayer, meditation, silence.
Pure starch is a white, tasteless and odorless powder that is insoluble in cold water or alcohol.
Pure strategies can be a bad idea.
Pure style prevails throughout, from the comfortable library to airy conservatory.
Pure styrene is a colourless, clear, odourless, toxic liquid that evaporates easily.
Pure substance is the origin of all else.
Pure substances are either elements or compounds, two or more elements combined in unique ways.
Pure substances are inanimate objects.
Pure substances boil at a particular temperature and pressure.
Pure substances can be either chemical compounds or elements.
Pure substances change state at a particular temperature.
Pure substances consist of chemical elements.
Pure substances consist of different elements.
Pure substances consist of elements.
Pure substances consist of single elements.
Pure substances have a melting point .
Pure substances have a specific gravity and the usual standard of that gravity is water.
Pure substances have chemical properties.
Pure substances have clear properties such as being a solid, liquid or gas at a certain temperature.
Pure substances have properties.
Pure substances include elements.
Most pure substances are compounds .
Most pure substances are compounds.
Most pure substances consist of chemical elements.
Most pure substances consist of different elements.
Most pure substances consist of elements.
Most pure substances consist of single elements.
Most pure substances have chemical properties.
Most pure substances have properties.
Some pure substances exist in states.
Pure suet is opposite user-up.
Pure sugar brings out the juices in the fresh blackberry and enhances the flavor.
Pure sugar dissolves in pure water.
Pure sugar dissolves in water.
Some pure sugar consists of fructose.
Some pure sugar improves sensitivity.
Pure sulfur has no smell.
Pure sulfur is tasteless and odorless with a light yellow color.
Pure symmetry is like a spinning coin.
Pure talent brings about immediate success.
Pure talent showcases itself in aggressive, honest, and unforgettable songwriting.
Pure tantalum is extremely ductile and can be drawn into a very thin wire.
Pure technique is never enough.
Pure text is very powerful.
Pure text takes up very little space and downloads quickly.
Pure theory can only go so far.
Pure thorium is a lustrous silvery metal.
Pure thorium is soft, very ductile, and can be cold-rolled, swaged, and drawn.
Pure thorium is soft, very ductile, and can be swaged, drawn and cold-rolled.
Pure thorium is soft, very ductile, and capable of being drawn, swaged, and cold-rolled.
Pure thorium is very ductile and, as normal for metals, can be cold-rolled , swaged , and drawn .
Pure thoughts are abstract concepts, and any bearing on the real world is inconsequential.
Pure tin is a metal of attractive silvery appearance, rather soft compared with many other metals.
Pure tin is ductile and malleable.
Pure tin is rather too soft, and the alloy hardens it a little.
Pure tin is soft which is why it needs to be mixed with other metals.
Pure titanium is chemically and biologically more compatible with human fluids and tissue.
Pure titanium is extremely difficult to work.
A pure tone is sound
Pure tone thresholds .
Pure tones are the clear pitches, or frequencies, of sounds.
Pure tones consist of a single sinusoidal component.
Pure tones have simple shapes.
Pure topaz is colorless and transparent but they usually have colors .
Pure topaz is colorless and transparent but they usually have colors.
Pure transparency means there is no conversion at all.
Pure trusts are for security, asset protection, and the long term .
Pure Trusts are how the very wealthy protect their assets.
Pure tungsten is a steel gray to tin-white metal.
Pure tungsten is quite brittle and difficult to machine.
Pure tungsten is relatively soft and can be cut with a hacksaw.
Pure understanding is carried on indepentdently of all physical processes.
Pure uranium is a silvery white, weakly radioactive metal, which is harder than most elements.
Pure uranium is easily, chemically, refined from that.
Pure vanadium has no smell.
Pure vanadium is a bright white metal, and is soft and ductile.
Pure vanadium is a greyish silvery metal, and is soft and ductile.
Pure vanilla extract.
Pure vegetarian diets have b vitamins.
Pure vegetarian diets have vitamins.
Pure vegetarians eat diets.
Pure vegetarians eat proper diets.
Pure vegetarians HAVE TO take supplements to ward off developing pernicious anemia.
Most pure vegetarians eat diets.
Most pure vegetarians eat proper diets.
Pure vision helps a man to acquire pure knowledge and the pure knowledge can refine the pure vision.
Pure water absorbs light in the red portion of the spectrum, and scatters very little light.
Pure water acts as an excellent insulator .
Pure water collects on one side of the membrane while pollutants accumulate on the other side.
Pure water collects on one side of the membrane, while pollutants accumulate on the other.
Pure water comes from a spring, electricity from a windmill.
Pure water consists of hydrogen.
Pure water consists of the chemical dihydrogen oxide.
Pure water contains neither lime nor salts.
Pure water contains no ions and is therefore a nonconductor .
Pure water contains no solids, minerals, or trace elements.
Pure water contains only water molecules.
Pure water contains very few ions and so it is a poor electricity conductor.
Pure water exists only in a laboratory.
Pure water has a neutral pH .
Pure water has a very low electrical conductivity.
Pure water has an electrical conductivity about one millionth that of seawater.
Pure water has conductivity.
Pure water has electrical conductivity.
Pure water has no dissolved carbon dioxide.
Pure water has no other substances in it at all.
Pure water has no smell , taste , or color .
Pure water has no smell, taste, or color.
Pure water has very low conductivity and seawater has high conductivity.
Pure water has very LOW conductivity.
Pure water is a bad conductor of electricity.
Pure water is a neutral solution.
Pure water is a non-conductor of electricity.
Pure water is a poor conductor since there are none of the conductive salts found in impure water.
Pure water is a poor conductor.
Pure water is a requirement for high quality soap.
Pure water is a very poor conductor of electricity.
Pure water is added to lower the alcohol contents to desired .
Pure water is added to lower the alcohol contents to desired.
Pure water is an example of a neutral substance.
Pure water is an irritant as it is a hypotonic solution.
Pure water is an odorless, tasteless liquid.
Pure water is an odorless, tasteless, clear liquid.
Pure water is better than polluted water.
Pure water is both the heat carrier fluid and the storage medium of the heating and cooling systems.
Pure water is colorless, odorless and tasteless.
Pure water is colorless, odorless, and tasteless.
Pure water is colorless.
Pure water is crucial to hemodialysis, since impurities can kill a patient.
Pure water is defined as neutral and is described as neither an acid nor a base.
Pure water is defined as water that is completely free of any other chemical compounds.
Pure water is essential for healthy life.
Pure water is essential for making the perfect cup.
Pure water is essential to every laboratory.
Pure water is essential to our livelihood.
Pure water is in the right half.
Pure water is just as important for food preparation as for drinking.
Pure water is neutral because it contains equal numbers of hydronium ions and hydroxide ions.
Pure water is neutral because it contains no hydronium or hydroxide ions.
Pure water is neutral.
Pure water is one of the few substances whose pH is seven.
Pure water is our primary beverage.
Pure water is oxide.
Pure water is practically colorless, odorless, and tasteless.
Pure water is provided by natural weather cycles.
Pure water is provided to the lodge by an aquifer well and a commercial water filtration system.
Pure water is pure substances.
Pure water is put in the tanks, added and kept in the purifying tank for two per cent of nitrogen.
Pure water is slightly acidic.
Pure water is tasteless and odourless.
Pure water is tasteless.
Pure water is that which is pure in itself and can purify anything else.
Pure water is the best gift a man can bring.
Pure water is the center of the scale and is considered neutral.
Pure water is the most appropriate feather spray.
Pure water is uncommon.
Pure water is used as a final rinse in all procedures of the washing process.
Pure water is used to dilute rooting solutions and refill rooting containers.
Pure water is virtually colorless and has no taste or smell.
Pure water is water.
Pure water is worth a lot of money.
Pure water shooting out a powerful jet can hurt.
Most pure water consists of hydrogen.
Most pure water has conductivity.
Most pure water has electrical conductivity.
Some pure water has potential.
Pure white can appear unrealistic.
Pure white is just too hard on the old eyes in the bright sun.
Pure white is preferred, but cream or bisquit is permissible.
Pure white is totally opaque.
Pure whites are rare and very valuable.
Pure wolves breed once a year, in the wintertime, and have their babies in the spring.
Pure womanhood is to be honored.
Pure wool comes in a multitude of types.
Pure wool is no exception.
Pure yellow is the best and red to black is increasingly worse.
Pure yellow lies nearer to the centre than pure blue.
Pure zinc is a bluish-silver and ductile metal with a low melting and boiling point.
Pure zinc is a bluish-white shiny metal.
Pure zircon is colorless, but most zircon stones are brown.
Purebred dog breeds index with breed descriptions and breeder listings.
Purebred puppies are available from kennels all over the world.
Purebred rescues are generally devoted to one breed of dog.
A purebred is an animal
Purebreds are around for one reason.
Purebreds are dogs.
Purebreds are generally a solid, deep cherry red in colour and are horned.
Purebreds tend to be smaller than domestic cats.
Most purebreds get problems like loosing hair, itches, dieases, and more.
Most purebreds have white on their feet and a tail tip .
Puree berries with honey until smooth.
Puree is food
Puree is sauces.
Puree mangos with above.
Puree oranges in a food processor.
Puree pears in food processor or blender.
Puree radishes with oil, vinegar, mustard, and yogurt for a tangy and thick salad dressing.
Puree raspberries and set aside.
Puree raspberries and strain through a fine sieve.
Puree raspberries and sugar in a food processor or blender until smooth.
Puree raspberries in a blender or food processor.
Puree raspberries in a food processor and use a fine strainer to remove all the seeds.
Puree raspberries in blender and pour through cheesecloth to remove seeds.
Puree raspberries in food processor or blender until smooth.
Puree raspberries in food processor or blender.
Puree raspberries in food processor with sugar.
Puree raspberries in processor and run through strainer to remove seeds, set aside.
Puree raspberries in processor.
Puree raspberries, sugar and lemon juice.
Puree tomatoes in a food processor or food mill, then press through a sieve to remove seeds.
Puree tomatoes with other ingredients in a food processor.
Purees also add moisture to recipes.
Purees are another type of bread in India which people of Delhi liked to eat with their meals.
Purehydrofluoric acid dissolves glass, leaving a brilliant, acid-polishedsurface.
Purex systems provide a safer, cleaner, healthier atmosphere.
Purgation involves a releasing of the details of one's life, shedding thoughts and emotions.
Purgation is a clearing
Purgation is the best therapy for healing.
A purgatory is a situation
Purgatories are situations.
Purgatory alone makes the passage coherent.
Purgatory also has some of the best hiking in the Rockies.
Purgatory ends with the last judgment.
Purgatory fills in the void.
Purgatory fits welll here.
Purgatory has a reputation for fresh powder and lots of sun.
Purgatory has several lower-priced lift ticket promotions going on right now.
Purgatory has six lifts one of which is a high speed quad.
Purgatory is a doctrine greatly misunderstood.
Purgatory is a doctrine of divine mercy.
Purgatory is a hoax.
Purgatory is a man made doctrine designed to keep men under the power and fear of other men.
Purgatory is a man made doctrine.
Purgatory is a myth.
Purgatory is a place of joy.
Purgatory is a strictly Roman Catholic teaching.
Purgatory is a temporary state.
Purgatory is a term used in the Catholic faith.
Purgatory is a time of cleansing.
Purgatory is a wistful dream.
Purgatory is about a half an hour to an hour away from Durango.
Purgatory is an invention of men.
Purgatory is different.
Purgatory is experienced through all our suffering whether it is physical, mental, or spiritual.
Purgatory is here and now.
Purgatory is like a second chance.
Purgatory is nonexistent in the Presbyterian theology.
Purgatory is our admission of that fact.
Purgatory is our final sanctification.
Purgatory is paper and procedures.
Purgatory is perfect for families and first time skiers.
Purgatory is right at hand, in Buffalo, New York.
Purgatory is said to be supported by passages in the apocrypha.
Purgatory is set in Poland.
Purgatory is similar to jail.
Purgatory is somewhat different.
Purgatory is the continuation of what has already started here.
Purgatory is where the soul is tested.
Purgatory makes perfect sense.
Purgatory produces a gospel of works extended into the afterlife.
Purgatory threatens the soul with untold aeons of agony.
Purge button makes it possible to drain any free water out of the valve.
A purge is a removal
Purge later frees the original bitfiles from the disk storage.
Purge removes unused linetype definitions.
Purge valves add to the price of the snorkel.
Purges are cleaning.
Purges are clearing.
Purges are removals.
Purges have no place in the party.
Purged files are impossible to recover.
Purging are medical treatments.
Purification of water is of great importance.
Purification of water occurs as it percolates down through the soil where impurities are deposited.
Purification rituals grow out of a concern over continuity, balance and purity in life.
Purification involves the clearing of karma.
Purification is a cleaning
Purification is a combination of chemical disinfection and filtration.
Purification is a combination of filtering and disinfecting.
Purification is a continuing and institutionalized process within the group.
Purification is a good idea.
Purification is a necessary prerequisite to meditation.
Purification is ceremony.
Purification is cleaning.
Purification is effected by a combination of physical and chemical processes.
Purification is essential for the preparation of suitable standards.
Purification is featured.
Purification is good to use as an insect repellent.
Purification is necessarily severe.
Purification is needed to remove traces of plutonium and other elements.
Purification is often the most expensive method, but it is also often one of the most effective.
Purification is on it's way.
Purification is painful.
Purification is purges.
Purification is the removal of something to the extent possible.
Purification isa improvement.
Purification makes the language similar to a version of the language that people think is more pure.
Purification needs to be requested at the time of synthesis.
Purification precedes great graces.
Purification requires a skillful combination of method and wisdom.
Purification starts with disruption of the host cell to release all the internal proteins.
Purification takes longer, of course, for a menstruating woman.
Some purification increases functions.
Some purification increases immune functions.
Some purification increases immune system functions.
Purified air is discharged from the top of the air purifier.
Purified antibody is combined with chromatophoric molecule.
Purified antigen blocks sperm-egg binding in humans.
Purified antigen is absorbed to the microtiter plate wells.
Purified blood is the panacea for all diseases.
Purified lectins are important in a clinical setting because they are used for blood typing .
Purified memory is the voice of learned truth.
Purified oil can cause toxic effects.
Purified phospholipids are produced by companies commercially.
Purified preparations are available for preventive and therapeutic use.
Many purified proteins suffer from aggregation during storage and agitation.
Purified spermaceti has an aspect of a light mass of white crystals which can be powdered.
Purified virus is needed to characterise both the genome and the proteins of the virus.
Purified water is a good thing and so is glycerin.
Purified water is also available.
Purified water is available in all hotels, bars and restaurants, which all use purified ice as well.
Purified water is available in all palafitos.
Purified water is dispensed for drinking and cooking.
Purified water is introduced into the colon via a disposable speculum.
Purified water is mades.
Purified water is provided for drinking.
Purified water is provided throughout the villa.
Purified water is served and used for food preparation.
A purifier is apparatus
Purifiers are apparatus.
Purifiers can also kill bacteria.
Purifiers do more.
Purifiers have equally significant downfalls.
Purifiers use blasts of air to separate out bran from the other particles.
Every purifier includes a test kit that can measure a precise amount of copper ions in the water.
Purim plays are traditional, as well.
Purine bases are the building bocks of DNA , the genetic code.
Purine biosynthesis takes the atom by atom approach.
Purine metabolism ends up with uric acid as the ultimate byproduct.
Purine nucleotides are more potent inhibitors than pyrimidine nucleotides.
Purine synthesis requires two components of the one-carbon pool.
Purine is a double ring that is pyrimidine with an imidazole ring fused to it.
Purine is a precursor to uric acid and can do damage to the muscle tissue.
Purine is amine.
Purine is an alkali
Purine is bases.
Purine is chemical compounds.
Purine is one of the nitrogen bases in the human body.
Purine is replaced by a pyrimidine or vice versa b.
Purines are a type of protein found in a variety of vegetables and meats.
Purines are an important component of proteins.
Purines are chemicals found in foods such as alcohol, seafood, and organ meats.
Purines are double ring structures.
Purines are foods such as liver, dried beans and peas, anchovies, and gravies.
Purines are found in high amounts in animal food products, such as liver and sardines.
Purines are found naturally in many foods.
Purines are planar, fused N-containing rings.
Purines are six-membered rings attached to five membered rings.
Purines are substances found in food, which, when broken down produce a lot of uric acid.
Purines are the building blocks of DNA and thus, are essential for life.
Purines are well known in humans as being a contributing factor in Gout.
Purines have a pyrimidine connected to a imiadizolel.
Purines have two ring structures.
All purines share the basic nine-membered ring structure shown below.
A purism is insistence
Purism is one of the chief agents of stagnation.
Purist baseball calls for the manager to give a starting lineup of nine batters listed.
A purist is a scholastic
Purists adore it.
Purists are pedants.
Purists are people.
Purists argue gas burners don t add the same level of flavour as charcoal.
Purists argue that step-ins are less precise.
Purists believe there's some virtue in being unknown and living in poverty.
Purists call the hybrid even worse than the status quo.
Purists can use sea salt, baking soda, or epsom salts to bathe their troubles away.
Purists claim push mowers give grass a quicker, clean cut with less trauma to the turf.
Purists deny they are universities at all.
Purists fret that history is being turned into a theme park.
Purists grasp the concept.
Purists hate the idea.
Purists have nothing to fear, however.
Purists insist on using pasteurized cheese spread instead of real grated cheese.
Purists insist that a biathlon is a cross-country skiing and shooting event, period.
Purists insist that a wooden match is the only proper way to light a cigar.
Purists lobby for grass and outlaw aluminum.
Purists love bone-in hams because of the added flavor.
Purists object to using anything but the natural products of traditional winemaking.
Purists prefer authentic divided lights to grilles.
Purists prefer bone-in hams as the bone adds flavor and is useful later for stock.
Purists prefer bone-in hams, as the bone adds flavor and is useful later for stock.
Purists prefer the first, the beginning of which rhymes with toe .
Purists prefer the natural, but the colored ones are great decorative accent pieces.
Purists say it doesn t count.
Purists say only American native plants are appropriate for our gardens and landscapes.
Purists sniff at such consumerist technophilia.
Purists still continue to insist that par is possible, but realists rage at the suggestion.
Purists still get all haughty at the mere suggestion.
Purists tend to think that legitimizing the zone constitutes blasphemy.
Purists think charcoal is the only way to go.
Purists use full sized brewpots and to obtain a variety of desirable results.
Purists use just a brush.
Purists use real rum or real brandy.
Many purists continue to use rime as the proper spelling of the word.
Many purists find windows on new houses especially distasteful.
Most purists use only double filter-baskets.
Some purists add some lemon juice or apple cider vinegar to give it some flavor.
Some purists are still upset about what's happened to stock car racing.
Some purists are what frankly tired of the way the game is played.
Some purists argue that digital filters sound lifeless and sterile.
Some purists argue that punk never hit Canada, and as such never produced a punk band here.
Some purists choose to fast by drinking only water.
Some purists differentiate between cityscapes, waterscapes and landscapes.
Some purists even turn their noses up at the very idea of putting sauce on real barbecue.
Some purists hate the idea of search engines selling listings.
Some purists have it that such a large obstruction is a great sin.
Some purists recommend eliminating all such graphics.
Some purists say that anything other than a white or black background is too much.
Some purists swear that down sleeping bags are the best, and it is true that down is very warm.
Some purists think it takes technology so far as to be unsporting.
Some purists think that it's shameful to ever have to relight a cigar.
Some purists wonder out loud if it's cheating.
Puritan girl comes in contact with witchcraft in Lancashire, England.
Puritan morality becomes the law.
Puritan regime reigns in England.
Puritan religion is a quest to live a life in strict accordance with the Bible.
Puritan society can be harsh and crippling to one's inner self.
Puritan teachings are generally very body denying.
Puritan theology is a very harsh Protestant belief system that disparaged other forms of worship.
Puritan training makes sexuality a minefield.
A puritan is an ascetic
Puritan is suspicious of anything that gives pleasure.
Puritans are christians.
Puritans are protestants.
Puritans buy West Indies sugar to distill rum, which pays for slave trade.
Puritans establish the town of Boston.
Puritans hate art.
Many puritans seem unable to do as much as that.
Some puritans think it is an impeachable offense.
Purity of essence is evidently high on the list of necessities for galactic happiness.
Purity affects the soul - it is much more complicated.
Purity based on sexual denial is a fraud.
Purity belongs to both mind and body.
Purity can be so unhealthy.
Purity can revivify.
Purity comes only through repentance.
Purity comes through the refining fire.
Purity describes freedom from anything that's false or insincere.
Purity Describes how accurately a component recreates the original recording or event.
Purity evokes the qualities of undisturbed nature with a pristine purity, open, tranquil and still.
Purity gets no help from the bank.
Purity has two meanings.
Purity helps protect the marriage relationship.
Purity includes the thought life as well.
Purity is a character- istic note of the Order of light and truth.
Purity is a chemist's ideal and practically unattainable even in the laboratory.
Purity is a concern with all health food supplements, including shark cartilage.
Purity is a condition
Purity is a key factor in oral absorption.
Purity is a matter of what comes forth from our hearts.
Purity is a measure of the skewness of the label value distribution.
Purity is a prerequisite for evangelists and all saints.
Purity is a state.
Purity is a water company too.
Purity is adjustable.
Purity is also a state of health.
Purity is also an issue with any supplement.
Purity is always an important issue.
Purity is an expression of the relative amounts of impurities and contaminants.
Purity is an important value in Hindu and Sikh culture.
Purity is apart from defilement.
Purity is assured by a triple filtration process.
Purity is attained by freedom from Desire.
Purity is conditions.
Purity is confirmed by mass spectrometry.
Purity is continual, immediate confession of and repentance from sin.
Purity is death.
Purity is determined by inspection and separation of the sample.
Purity is determined by unalloyed altruism and utopianism.
Purity is essential to great beer.
Purity is established by carbohydrate content and electrophoretic analysis.
Purity is everything in design.
Purity is flawless quality.
Purity is generally the highest available commercially.
Purity is hard to find in sports.
Purity is high everywhere except the South.
Purity is important for other reasons.
Purity is in the eye of the beholder.
Purity is life.
Purity is maintained through the use of our closed system processing technique.
Purity is measured by chemical assays.
Purity is more of a marketing scenario concern.
Purity Is obscurity.
Purity is of the heart.
Purity is one thing, smugness quite another.
Purity is physical and mental, since both are inter-related.
Purity is possible.
Purity is priceless.
Purity is rare.
Purity is so important in our impure immoral society.
Purity is strictly a virtue in the mind of the beholder.
Purity is tainted by the dirty breakers.
Purity is tested by electrophoresis.
Purity is the basis of Biblical peace.
Purity is the best of a work can offer.
Purity is the better way.
Purity is the feminine, truth the masculine, of honor.
Purity is the feminine, Truth the masculine, of Honour.
Purity is the fourth concept.
Purity is the fractional distance from the white point that the sample lies in the xy diagram.
Purity is the name of the game.
Purity is the repelling of desire by desire and the total extinguishing of fire by immaterial fire.
Purity is the state of purtiy of the mind.
Purity is to demonstrate true wisdom and reason, unswayed by selfish desire or ego.
Purity is twice as important as the Yield.
Purity is very important.
Purity is viewed as a sickness.
Purity makes grace effective .
Purity makes the interpretation of the helium's behavior much easier.
Purity makes total sense.
Purity means having impurities removed.
Purity means more than mere simplification.
Purity means sexual abstinence for the unmarried.
Purity means to do what is right.
Purity offers better features than more expensive, permanent, electrostatic filters.
Purity puts on a mask.
Purity requires modesty , an integral part of temperance.
Purity requires modesty, an integral part of temperance.
Purity simply means being 'uncontaminated' in a polluted world, an impure environment.
Purity speaks especially about chastity in the realm sexual relationships.
Purity takes precedence over peace.
All purity are avalible.
All purity is either in the fountain, or derived from the fountain.
A purl is a stitch
PURLs add a level of stability to the Internet and are based on standard protocols .
PURLs are of critical importance to our efforts to provide continued access to electronic titles.
Purls are thread.
PURLs provide a means for supporting efforts to provide continued access to electronic resources.
Purple allele is dominant .
Purple allele is dominant.
Purple areas illustrate locations where bedrock aquifers are close to the land surface.
Purple areas show a mixed Norwegian and Swedish population.
Purple areas show where the ozone layer is thinnest.
Purple arrows are beta strands.
Purple arrows indicate upper layer currents, magenta arrows indicate lower layer currents.
Purple asparagus is a variant of green which originated in Italy.
Purple asparagus is bred to be purple in color, but turns green when it is cooked.
Purple asparagus is particularly suitable for eating raw.
Purple asparagus is purple at the tip and at leaf points and tends to have a pale stalk.
A purple bacteria is a bacteria
Purple bacteria live in the mud below surface plants.
Purple bacteria require an organic substrate for hydrogen production.
Purple basil has a unique flavor and is vital to a number of Armenian recipes.
Purple basil is also excellent used in vinegar and as a garnish.
Purple basil is another variety.
Purple basil makes a vinegar as beautiful as it is good.
Purple basils are gorgeous in a vinegar as they turn a beautiful dark red.
Purple beans are easy to find and fun to pick.
Purple berries appear on plants.
Most purple berries appear on plants.
Purple blotch can also affect garlic and leeks.
Purple blotch causes purple lesions on the leaves.
Purple blotch is a fungal disease that predominantly affects onions, garlic and shallots.
Purple bougainvillea crawls up the exterior of a closed-up furniture store.
Purple boxes have tidbits of somewhat useless trivia.
Purple candles work in much the same way, but also help for visualization and dreaming.
Purple cards come with two different back designs and jokes.
Purple carnations are associated with fun and capriciousness.
Purple carpet covers most of the floor.
Purple cauliflower is a type of broccoli sold in southern Italy, Spain, and the United Kingdom.
Purple cauliflower is actually a type of broccoli that is purple.
Purple cauliflower is safe to eat.
Purple cells indicate chromatic functions in major keys only.
Purple chairs add colorful accents along with the green, purple, red and yellow carpet.
Purple collar is more like it.
Purple colors are ambiguous velocities.
Purple colors seem to be the most popular, followed by white.
Purple coneflower seems to prosper best on lightly and moderately grazed prairie in our area.
Purple coneflowers are also great as cut flowers.
Purple coneflowers are easy to grow perennials.
Purple coneflowers are great as cut flowers.
Purple coneflowers are perennials whose clumps can be divided in the fall when necessary.
Purple coneflowers grow best in well-drained soils in full sun.
Purple coneflowers make good cut flowers for indoor arrangements.
Purple coneflowers perform best in sun or partial shade.
Purple contour indicates sea level.
Purple corn is caused by one of two factors.
Purple crystal is more precious than clear crystal.
Purple dots decorate the inside surface from about the midpoint well into the throat.
Purple dots indicate inactive sites and green dots indicate active sites.
Purple dots indicate the area where the iceberg broke away from the glacier.
Purple dream comes flying on silver wings.
Purple entries refer to departmental and other functions.
Purple epithelium is above and the paler connective tissue and muscle below.
A purple finch is a finch
Purple finches are common visitors with their rich songs, delighting the ear.
Purple finches do eat some fruit and even insects.
Purple finches nest in trees.
Most purple finches breed in Canada and overwinter in the eastern parts of the United States.
Purple flowers adorn the base of the flag poles at the entrance to the fair.
Purple flowers are dominant to white flowers in pea plants.
Purple flowers are edible as well as leaves and seeds which are known for benefits to liver.
Purple flowers attract bees.
Purple flowers bloom late afternoon.
Purple flowers extend from the leaves.
Purple flowers have odor.
Purple flowers have petals.
Purple flowers produce useful seeds.
Purple flowers provide a colorful display in landscape beds or containers.
Purple flowers seem to be most attractive to butterflies, followed by yellows, pinks, and whites.
Purple flowers yield pods full of tiny seeds, persisting into the winter.
Most purple flowers attract bees.
Most purple flowers have odor.
Most purple flowers have petals.
Most purple flowers produce useful seeds.
Some purple flowers develop into seeds.
Some purple flowers grow in pockets.
Some purple flowers resemble lilacs.
Purple foliage can serve alone or as a backdrop to flowers.
Purple foliage is popular and trendy in gardening.
Some purple frogs feed on termites.
Some purple fruit attracts birds.
A purple gallinule is a bird
Purple gallinule Includes photo and distribution in Suriname.
Purple gallinules are strange birds.
Purple glass turns pinkish in tone when lamp is turned on.
Purple gold is made by alloying aluminum with fine gold.
Purple grapes have more cancer-prevention phytochemicals than green grapes.
A purple heart is a barbiturate
Purple heart has the family trait of jointed stems and trailing habit and is deep purple all over.
A purple heather is a heath
Purple heather covers the lower slopes in the summer.
Purple heather is one of the two national flowers of Norway.
Some purple hues look almost black.
Purple hyacinths beg for forgiveness, while yellow indicate jealousy.
Purple information indicates the session has been completed.
Some purple ink exist.
Some purple jackets have buttons.
Purple juice appears to be more potent than white.
Purple lavender has a wonderful reputation for relieving both headaches and irritability.
Purple leagues are for average skilled players.
Purple lenses are most likely to look natural on blue eyed people.
Purple light is a mix of red and blue light.
Some purple lilacs have hearts.
Purple line means the rendezvous between a comet and a nebula or cluster.
Purple lines are boundaries and other features inappropriate for election precinct use.
Purple lines are interstate highways.
Purple lines indicate the size, shape, and orientation of a gust front.
Purple links are a summary of company information on one page.
Purple links are external links to other web sites.
Purple links lead to advertisments.
Purple logos are navigational links.
A purple loosestrife is a bush
Purple loosestrife appears to reduce waterfowl, beaver and muskrat activity.
Purple loosestrife can also invade drier sites.
Purple loosestrife can also spread vegetatively, by pieces of the stems or roots.
Purple loosestrife can easily spread if improper control methods are used.
Purple loosestrife can ruin our wetlands.
Purple loosestrife causes dramatic disruption to the ecological balance.
Purple loosestrife forms a woody crown from which it sends up new shoots each year.
Purple loosestrife forms dense stands of vegetation crowding out other species.
Purple loosestrife grows in wetlands and along fresh water lakes, streams, rivers and creeks.
Purple loosestrife grows too think to allow birds to nest.
Purple loosestrife has a dark side.
Purple loosestrife has a specialized method of reproduction.
Purple loosestrife has the capabilities of rapid expansion either vegetatively or by seed dispersal.
Purple loosestrife has three types of flowers, with only one type of flower per individual plant.
Purple loosestrife has vivid purple-pink flowers and blooms in summer and early fall.
Purple loosestrife illustrates a situation common to many non-indigenous, or exotic, species.
Purple loosestrife invades a Northern California lake.
Purple loosestrife invades wetland areas and displaces native plants, such as cattails shown here.
Purple loosestrife is a beautiful perennial wwith a spike of purple flowers blooming in the summer.
Purple loosestrife is a cause for grave concern among water users and purveyors.
Purple loosestrife is a European plant that was introduced to North America as a gardening plant.
Purple loosestrife is a good example .
Purple loosestrife is a highly aggressive, perennial wetland plant native to Eurasia.
Purple loosestrife is a highly competitive weed that replaces native wetland communities.
Purple loosestrife is a noxious weed in Alberta and Manitoba.
Purple loosestrife is a perennial herb with tough stems growing in a clump up to six feet tall.
Purple loosestrife is a perennial introduced from Europe.
Purple loosestrife is a plant native to Europe.
Purple loosestrife is a plant that people brought from Europe.
Purple loosestrife is a prime example.
Purple loosestrife is a problem because it negatively affects wildlife and agriculture.
Purple loosestrife is a problem throughout North America.
Purple loosestrife is a tall plant with bright purple spiked flowers.
Purple loosestrife is a tall, bushy, long-lived perennial.
Purple loosestrife is a worthy opponent.
Purple loosestrife is an aggressive invader of waterways.
Purple loosestrife is an attractive plant, with pretty purple flowers.
Purple loosestrife is an attractive plant.
Purple loosestrife is an exotic emergent that has invaded from Europe.
Purple loosestrife is an introduced perennial plant that agresively takes over native wetlands.
Purple loosestrife is an invading species with few if any local natural predators.
Purple loosestrife is an invasive species, displacing native wetland plants.
Purple loosestrife is an invasive, exotic species that severely impact wetlands.
Purple loosestrife is found in wetlands such as cattail marshes, sedge meadows, and bogs.
Purple loosestrife is illegal to sell or transport in much of North America.
Purple loosestrife is indeed beautiful.
Purple loosestrife is native to Eurasia.
Purple loosestrife is one of the most common non-native plants in the Great Lakes region.
Purple loosestrife is present in spots.
Purple loosestrife is used by honey bees, but is considered of minor importance as a nectar source.
Purple loosestrife lacks natural enemies in the United States.
Purple loosestrife lives near water and is a native of Europe.
Purple loosestrife produces abundant nectar and is attractive to honeybees and other pollinators.
Purple loosestrife spreads down river.
Purple loosestrife spreads primarily by seed germination in moist soil areas.
Purple loosestrife takes over native vegetation forming a monoculture.
Purple lupine dominate the spectacular wildflower bloom during the later part of the summer.
Purple margins frame the text in the center.
A purple martin is a martin
Purple martins are a kind of swallow, of the genus Progne.
Purple martins are a semi-domesticated bird, and like to be near people.
Purple martins are aerial insectivores , meaning that they catch insects from the air.
Purple martins are are active during the day and are most active at dawn and dusk.
Purple martins are busy feeding young nestlings.
Purple martins are martins.
Purple martins are predators, prey, competitors, and hosts to parasites.
Purple martins are very friendly towards humans.
Purple martins can get aggressive if they are threatened.
Purple martins communicate by singing and body language.
Purple martins compete for nesting sites with house sparrows and European starlings .
Purple martins consume water in flight by skimming over water.
Purple martins drink while on the wing, skimming over lakes to scoop up water.
Purple martins feed entirely on insects.
Purple martins glide more than any other member of the swallow species.
Purple martins have a limited range in Connecticut and expand into new areas slowly.
Purple martins inhabit open woodlands and field edges usually near lakes or ponds.
Purple martins prefer open areas near water and also buildings.
Purple martins use apartment houses that accommodate numerous families.
Some purple membranes contain proteins.
Some purple milkweeds contain steroids.
Purple mountains rise against an azure sky.
Purple mushrooms are poisonous.
Purple numbers are in the money.
Purple nutsedge can reproduce by seeds and underground rhizomes.
Purple nutsedge has strings of tubers on wiry rhizomes.
Purple nutsedge is considered the world's worst weed.
Purple nutsedge is known as the world's worst weed.
Purple nutsedge produces chains of tubers that develop along the entire rhizome.
Purple ones are spectacular and rare.
A purple onion is a Spanish onion
Purple onion looks pretty in a salad.
Purple ovals are the downstroke, blue ones the upstroke.
Purple pages is the comprehensive wine related website directory.
Purple pansies have long signified service and friendship.
Purple part is more beautiful than the original color.
Purple patches can appear on the skin.
Purple paths represent deep-water currents, while blue paths represent surface currents.
Purple people are easy to live with but hard to know.
Purple peppers are interesting to look at and mighty tasty too.
Purple personalities make good friends because they always give first of themselves.
Purple personalities strive to better themselves spiritually, mentally and emotionally.
Purple phlox carpets an area to the left of the house.
Purple players are very good, solid starters.
Purple pod turns a deep green color during cooking.
Purple pods are stringless and tender.
Purple poppies retain color.
Most purple poppies retain color.
Purple prose is one factor.
Purple rash keeps parents on alert.
Purple raspberries are hybrids of red and black raspberries.
Purple raspberries are hybrids of red and black varieties.
Purple raspberries grow vines.
Most purple raspberries grow vines.
Some purple raspberries produce fruit.
Purple rays make the individual a self ruler.
Purple rectangles identify areas that have microscopic views.
Purple residues are identical, blue are conserved, green have no homology.
Purple ribbons stand for survivors of sexual assault on campus.
Purple rice gives the rice onion bread a taro-like color.
Purple robes are an emblem of authority and rank.
A purple sage is a salvia
Purple sage has fragrant dark purple leaves.
Purple sage is a drought-deciduous shrub species of the coastal sage scrub plant community.
A purple saxifrage is a herb
Purple saxifrage can take many forms.
Purple saxifrage grows in the highest parts of the fell zone, where only a few flowers survive.
Purple saxifrage has strong taproot with numerous, small lateral roots.
Purple saxifrage is covered with flecks of calcium carbonate in the lime rich areas.
Purple saxifrage is one of the first plants that bloom on the Arctic.
Purple saxifrage is perennial plant that can survive many decades in the wild.
Purple saxifrage is source of green, yellow and creamy dyes.
Purple saxifrage is very impressive when it is in flower.
Purple saxifrage seems to have developed a mechanism to increase the chances of cross-pollination.
Purple saxifrages grow in areas.
Most purple saxifrages grow in areas.
Some purple saxifrages grow on heaths.
Purple sea urchins have ability.
Purple sea urchins have mouths.
Purple sea urchins have spines.
Purple sea urchins reach maturity.
Purple sea urchins reach sexual maturity.
Some purple sepals look like petals.
Purple shade indicates vouchered specimens.
Some purple shades can be a bit troubled.
Purple shadows are shadows of death, marks of the devil, killers of the innocent.
Purple shamrocks have pinkish flowers, with white flowers more common on green shamrocks.
Purple sheep are rare, and special.
Purple shirts can look great with various tones of black, gray and even brown.
Purple silk has one nick, minor age discoloration.
Purple skies shimmer overhead, while the red sun beats down, illuminating the white snow underfoot.
Purple sky bleeds to black.
Purple spirit is just a name.
Purple spot can be severe during cool, wet springs.
Any purple spots are present on the skin.
Purple squares indicate burns where questions have been asked.
Purple squares show the locations of strong-motion stations.
Purple strand held in right hand is angled slightly to the left.
Purple strand is grasped between right thumb and index finger.
Purple strip has a woven pattern in it.
Purple swamphens eat vegetable matter and small animal prey.
Purple swamphens form small groups that usually have more males than females.
Purple swamphens live in freshwater and brackish wetlands containing plenty of emergent vegetation.
Purple swamphens use a variety of mating systems, ranging from monogamous mating to communal mating.
Purple text indicates required sciences.
Purple tongues are a real giveaway 'round here.
Purple tops are among the largest and most tender turnips.
Purple trace is upleg, blue is downleg.
Purple tulips symbolize royalty.
Purple upholstery lends an air of richness and luxury.
Purple urchins have ability.
Purple urchins have mouths.
Most purple urchins have ability.
Most purple urchins have mouths.
Some purple urchins eat kelp.
Some purple urchins have brains.
Some purple urchins inhabit pits.
Some purple urchins obtain nutrients.
Purple varieties lose colour in water but retain some if steamed.
Purple wampum is made from quahog shell.
Purple is color
Purple works well in public spaces of the home.
Purples tend to stay in the longest.
Purplish glare is a reflection.
Any purported medicine smoked in unmeasured amounts and unknown purity is suspect.
Purported revelations are a dime a dozen.
A purpose is a goal
Purpose accounts for most major topics in the site.
Purpose affects design.
Purpose allow toward a result nor check rollerblade viablade.
Purpose alludes to a 'higher calling' or ultimate end, and it transcends the individual.
Purpose alters the format and text of a publication.
Purpose appears to be to force a plea bargains since they can never prove a computer crime.
Purpose can be practically anything.
Purpose comes first, tools and technologies come later.
Purpose decides technique.
Purpose defines the expression of interest and the sense of community.
Purpose defines the value of knowledge.
Purpose earns commitment.
Purpose explains the intent and importance of the policy.
Purpose gives life meaning and definition.
Purpose gives meaning to our lives.
Purpose includes education on humane treatment of animals, cruelty investigations and pet adoptions.
Purpose indicates clear relationship between writer, subject, and audience.
Purpose indicates why the network exists.
Purpose introduces additional causes and effects which negate pure randomness.
Purpose involves the courage to envision and pursue goals.
Purpose is a complex, dynamic description of an archetype.
Purpose is a direction.
Purpose is a part of meaning, but so is goals, intent, and inner significance.
Purpose is a stable concept.
Purpose is a state of the organism that determines the relationship between stimuli and responses.
Purpose is a virtue needed for all of the up-coming sojourns.
Purpose is a word created by the mind to give itself value.
Purpose is a word indicating the general purpose of the automation object.
Purpose is about business and personal objectives.
Purpose is accurate but general.
Purpose is always senior to policy.
Purpose is awareness, discernment and judgment about what is valuable.
Purpose is confusion, especially of German voters.
Purpose is correction.
Purpose is different from goals.
Purpose is difficult to establish as it relates to what is in the mind of the dominant firm.
Purpose is essential, but so is a sense of reality.
Purpose is for friendship and marriage.
Purpose is for studying release.
Purpose is found only in consideration of the future.
Purpose is galactic evolution.
Purpose is important in understanding our services.
Purpose is improvement of instruction.
Purpose is incorrect.
Purpose is indicative of a purpose giver, a designer.
Purpose is innate.
Purpose is key.
Purpose is like a guiding star on the horizon.
Purpose is like the centre forward of a soccer team.
Purpose is measurement and control of on-line porosity and air permeability.
Purpose is mental and spiritual.
Purpose is much bigger than any goal.
Purpose is publication of a history of the presses and the process.
Purpose is reasearch related.
Purpose is something bigger Good luck is a lazy man's estimate of a worker's success.
Purpose is sweet, and often deeply moving, in the continued absence of frill.
Purpose is the central issue of life.
Purpose is the fundamental reason for the organization's existence.
Purpose is the object of why something exists.
Purpose is the reason for coming together.
Purpose is the source of fulfillment.
Purpose is thoughtful, accurate, and accounts for all major topics in the site.
Purpose is to achieve and maintain cardiovascular fitness, strength, and flexibility.
Purpose is to achieve ideals.
Purpose is to acquaint public with local ham activities, especially relating to emergency services.
Purpose is to advance contiuing medical education and quality assurance.
Purpose is to advocate the interests of the publisher.
Purpose is to alleviate conflicts between similar programs.
Purpose is to allow flushing of coolant system with fresh water esp.
Purpose is to assist students from Africa who are pursuing a master's degree in anthropology.
Purpose is to assist subscribers in networking and dealmaking.
Purpose is to assist with pilot data for grants and develop collaborations.
Purpose is to become familiar with intent of project, in sufficient detail to carry out other tasks.
Purpose is to break large group into smaller groups where personal relationships can be established.
Purpose is to bring together people of Native American blood that have lost their heritage.
Purpose is to carry the message of recovery to the chemically dependent person.
Purpose is to clarify terminology for personal use.
Purpose is to clear airway prior to first breath.
Purpose is to close nominations.
Purpose is to control circulatory, respiratory, alimentary and genitourinary functions.
Purpose is to coordinate all arts activities in Harrison area.
Purpose is to copy the two special vars in order to start the shell.
Purpose is to create atmosphere and evoke a mood.
Purpose is to create open water areas.
Purpose is to create sources of research information to be used writing the master's thesis.
Purpose is to create that spark of curiosity igniting a lifelong passion for learning.
Purpose is to create women's communities and discuss women's issues, both fun and serious.
Purpose is to decongest the lymphatics.
Purpose is to define urban area.
Purpose is to deliver online insurance information to consumers.
Purpose is to describe the status of the subject of study.
Purpose is to design and implement voter registration drives to increase Republican registration.
Purpose is to deter kickback practices by contractors.
Purpose is to determine if the propaganda changed attitudes.
Purpose is to develop a around the head smash.
Purpose is to develop accompaniment for harmonica music.
Purpose is to develop an ability to read literature with appreciation and to write intelligently.
Purpose is to develop an understanding of state and local government purchasing programs.
Purpose is to develop leadership skills.
Purpose is to display the cloud conditions for the terrain.
Purpose is to educate viewers on the present status of teen substance abuse.
Purpose is to educate youth, conservation of wildlife and hunting heritage.
Purpose is to enable faculty to remain abreast of recent developments in their fields.
Purpose is to encourage artists' involvement in the global electronic community.
Purpose is to encourage collaboration and synergy in algorithm development and testing.
Purpose is to encourage use and enjoyment of children's literature.
Purpose is to ensure only eligible bendriciaries receive care at our facilities.
Purpose is to establish a list of individuals who provide field slaughter services.
Purpose is to exchange or collect information.
Purpose is to exhibit a right and a left turn within the designated area.
Purpose is to explore affinities and differences between philosophical and literary texts.
Purpose is to fill in our family tree.
Purpose is to focus regulatory effort on high priority areas.
Purpose is to foster energy research through graduate school stipends.
Purpose is to further European nature conservation by bridging gap between science and policy.
Purpose is to further mathematical research and scholarship.
Purpose is to further robotics education, research and practice.
Purpose is to gather additional data on business needs to help in planning new student systems.
Purpose is to gather information and make recommendations.
Purpose is to get physically challenged people up the tree, or any other heavy equipment.
Purpose is to give the student supervisory experience in rehabilitation counseling and casework.
Purpose is to heighten awareness of the issue, share information as to local variations, etc.
Purpose is to help students voice any problems, suggestions or grievances.
Purpose is to help with identification of common conifers in the Pacific Northwest.
Purpose is to improve one's ability to build formal structures for solving practical problems.
Purpose is to improve quality and productivity of education and research in anesthesiology.
Purpose is to improve quality of public education.
Purpose is to improve water quality by reducing stream erosion and nutrient deposition by livestock.
Purpose is to increase knowledge of stock market.
Purpose is to increase safety at schools and surrounding areas.
Purpose is to increase safety, efficiency and economy in pupil transportation service in Minnesota.
Purpose is to increase voluntary compliance and promote consistency.
Purpose is to influence or motivate persons or groups.
Purpose is to inform parents about their children's education through information sharing.
Purpose is to inform policy choice.
Purpose is to introduce students to different research programs in the field of oral biology.
Purpose is to kill weeds, annual plants, grasses, and other undesirable vegetation.
Purpose is to learn through discussion and having guest speakers on occassion.
Purpose is to limit debate.
Purpose is to make texts of classical Japanese literature available on the web.
Purpose is to meet physical and spiritual needs of children.
Purpose is to obtain hair for DNA testing.
Purpose is to penetrate a population of unchurched that is being missed by area churches.
Purpose is to promote colored pencil paintings as fine art.
Purpose is to promote economic development of member states through cooperation and specialization.
Purpose is to promote good character in a good body.
Purpose is to promote health education in varioius areas to students and the community.
Purpose is to promote health education in various areas to students and the community.
Purpose is to promote inclusive communities where all people belong.
Purpose is to promote knowledge and protection while introducing local species.
Purpose is to promote positive coping skills for stress reduction in the lives of young children.
Purpose is to promote the economic activity of the community.
Purpose is to promote the objectives of the State Bar.
Purpose is to promote the study and keeping of honey bees.
Purpose is to provide a tank for fuel for running an emergency generator.
Purpose is to provide an introductory statement about a large number of topics.
Purpose is to provide an open forum per job opportunities and lifestyle comments.
Purpose is to provide cardiovascular benefits.
Purpose is to provide expert guidance in the process of valuing purchase drivers of intangibles.
Purpose is to provide key essential course support.
Purpose is to provide library of technical documents and electronic links between experts.
Purpose is to provide low and moderate-income city residents to upgrade their housing conditions.
Purpose is to provide service to youth and elderly, community and the nation.
Purpose is to provide WEB server to support community businesses.
Purpose is to provoke thought with laughter.
Purpose is to publicize and support for Vietnamese asylum seekers in refugee camps.
Purpose is to recapitulate, condense, and clarify.
Purpose is to reduce cannibalism and downgrading caused by pecking.
Purpose is to reduce impacts and risks.
Purpose is to re-establish normal neurological function.
Purpose is to rehab the bikes with the help of youth in their program in a mentoring environment.
Purpose is to remove any contamination from the filaments prior to the melt-in process.
Purpose is to remove calculus and infected gum tissue .
Purpose is to remove calculus and infected gum tissue.
Purpose is to require subclasses to provide functionality.
Purpose is to review all proposed amendments and make recommendations of amendments to the bylaws.
Purpose is to see if treatment improves test performance.
Purpose is to see that all club planes are properly maintained.
Purpose is to show an uncontrolled system and the problems it creates.
Purpose is to show the passing of time and the change of place.
Purpose is to simplify domain research.
Purpose is to stop debate.
Purpose is to support rural MDs by providing a forum for discussion, debate and exchange of ideas.
Purpose is to support the purchase of library materials on dance.
Purpose is to verify the information provided in declarations that have been made.
Purpose is too general to be useful or misses the point.
Purpose is unclear.
Purpose is what gives everything else meaning.
Purpose is what gives life meaning.
Purpose is what holds networks together.
Purpose is why the system exists.
Purpose is, of course, similar to meaning, except that it is little less abstract.
Purpose isa goal.
Purpose moves a person past motivation to inspiration.
Purpose needs to be communicated.
Purpose outlines the major mathematical concepts developed in the activity.
Purpose pick throughout all spy however making snowboarding gears.
Purpose precedes the system.
Purpose Provides easy communication with members of a group.
Purpose provides the key.
Purpose remains unfinished on paper.
Purpose requires a reason.
Purpose runs like a thread through all aspects of our lives.
Purpose starts to instill each day.
Purpose takes a whole different meaning.
Purposes are destinations.
Purposes are different.
Purposes are goals and applications.
Purposes are goals.
Purposes are teleology which is unscientific.
Purposes define the essential objective of our refuge stewardship.
Purposes Define what a riparian buffer is.
Purposes Provide students with an opportunity for additional practice in a selected area.
Purposes relate to issues.
Purposes vary greatly from council to council, depending upon the interests of council members.
Purpose always begins with core values which provide the foundation for all future actions.
Purposes often are to inform, instruct, persuade or document.
All purpose brushes in four different sizes.
All purpose dyes Another group of dyes is known as all-purpose, household, or union dyes.
All purpose evenweave, typically cotton.
All purpose moisturize r for all types of skin and for the entire body.
All purpose saddle.
All purpose surround sound speaker - complete with mounting hardware.
All purposes are of equal importance.
All purposes have zero value and thus are equal.
Every purpose creates a power field.
Every purpose is an Action in itself.
Every purpose is established by counsel.
Most purposes relate to issues.
Some purpose is behind it.
Some purposes are better than others.
Some purposes have functions.
Some purposes use other words .
Some purposes use other words.
Purposeful activities are the primary means of intervention when using a remediation approach.
Purposeful activity facilitates the adaptive process.
Purposeful behavior means to splitting up a complex action into different fractional actions.
Purposeful communication provides a material benefit to human action.
Purposeful deception can lead to a F in the course or even expulsion for the school.
Purposeful design can explain the same features in a more direct way.
Purposeful design is poor science because ultimately it's religion.
Purposeful dialogue evolves in a context of a self-correcting, supportive community.
Purposeful experimentation is more important than predictive planning.
Purposeful fieldwork is prominent.
Purposeful flight is possible for the infants by the thirty third day.
Purposeful labour is part of the order of creation.
Purposeful leadership can make a difference.
Purposeful living embraces both reason and faith.
Purposeful movement enables people to influence as well as be influenced by their surroundings.
Purposeful movement is lost.
Purposeful movement tends to kick in the high tone.
Purposeful questions lead to the achievement of the lesson.
Purposeful recreation can play a significant role in the educational process.
Purposeful stalling is a judgment call by the student director.
Purposeful travel has a life-changing impact.
Purposeful work is under way to reform and liberalize the banking system.
Purpura are small circumscribed lesions caused by bleeding into the skin.
Purpura is blood disorder
A purr is sound
Purrs have to be one of the greatest natural wonders of the world.
A purse seine is a seine
Purse seines are what kills dolphins.
A purse is a container
Purse are outside that leaves after advance badminton yonex.
Purse closes at the top with a gold clasp.
Purse feature magnetic snap closure, inside pocket and hand strap.
Purse goes to shareholders of the team winning their league championship.
Purse has short silver cord strap.
Purse intend Chapter till fish of a brides finally ring beside one pity.
Purse is available for public use year round, sunrise to sunset.
Purse is lined in a fine linen.
Purse is the color of ties and has gold embossing to match collar and ties.
Purse isa container.
Purse opens and is filled with paper flowers.
Purse prompt off a thirteen or do men's cole haans.
Purse prompt off a thirteen or do pts products on line.
Purses are baggage.
Purses are bags.
Purses are beacons to criminals.
Purses are gear.
Purses are handbags.
Purses are high enough to allow drivers to race full-time.
Purses are located in department stores.
Purses are located in handbags.
Purses are located in hands.
Purses are located in homes.
Purses are located in houses.
Purses are located in pockets.
Purses are located in stores.
Purses are one part of the equation.
Purses are pretty good right now.
Purses are prime examples.
Purses are snatched form pedestrians, cyclist and even vehicles.
Purses are special containers.
Purses are staggering.
Purses are sums.
Purses attract the horses.
Purses have (part) sections.
Purses have money.
Purses made of the tiniest beads generally have the most value.
Purses made with wool flat weaves called kilim, purse straps are of fine leather.
Purses pay for everything and purses come from the bettors.
Purses pay owners.
Purses routinely disappear from between slots or from the backs of chairs.
All purses are cash.
Every purse is handmade with close attention to detail.
Some purses contain cards.
Some purses contain cellular phones.
Some purses contain credit cards.
Some purses contain phones.
Some purses have numbers.
Some purses have serial numbers.
A purser is an officer
Purser is very sick at present.
A purslane is a herb
Purslanes disseminate an enormous number of seeds which are eaten by songbirds and rodents.
A pursuer is a follower
Pursuers often look like romantics.
Any pursuers drop into the water.
Pursuit movements are normal, or at least better than conjugate eye movement on command.
Pursuit of happiness includes the right to marry and raise children, and own property.
A pursuit is movement
Pursuit can control both broadleaf and grass weeds in alfalfa.
Pursuit curves Four lizards are on the corners of a square.
Pursuit does all that, too.
Pursuit fits into situations where purple and yellow nutsedge are present.
Pursuit has lots of residual control.
Pursuit is also another fine beauty of dance.
Pursuit is an art form, and sometimes failure is the perfect ending.
Pursuit is as critical as the attack.
Pursuit is effective on most small winter annual weeds.
Pursuit is effective on shattercane as a soil-applied or postemergence treatment.
Pursuit is very effective for season-long pigweed control and fair on grasses.
Pursuit isa action.
Pursuit makes almost the whole plot.
Pursuit provides live data simulation for every step of the transformation process.
Pursuit provides the opportunity for more subtle strategies such as subterfuge and tiring the prey.
Pursuits are a no-win situation.
Pursuits are motion.
Pursuits are searchs.
Pursuits are smooth eye movements which are important in tracking moving objects.
Pursuits involve unique responsibilities and critical decision-making requirements.
Pursuits lead to exploitation.
Pursuit usually controls weeds more consistently when incorporated.
Any pursuit puts innocent people in danger.
Most pursuits lead to exploitation.
Some pursuits lead to colonization.
Purulent discharge suggests bacterial conjunctivitis, herpes simplex, or foreign body.
Purulent drainage can erupt when the sulcus is entered by the instrument tip.
Purulent drainage is present in the middle meatus.
Purulent drainage is present in the superior meatus.
Purulent exudate is noted with incision.
Purulent fluid is clear and pink fluid with an odor.
Purulent labyrinthitis is characterized by severe vertigo and nystagmus.
Purulent meningitis is due most often to hematogenous spread of bacteria to the leptomeninges.
Purulent pericarditis is a relatively rare disorder in which fever and hypotension are common.
Purulia district is very dry.
A purveyor is a supplier
Purveyor also supports path mapping .
Purveyor now requires that log files be written to file structured devices.
Purveyor provides full protection against unauthorized use.
Purveyor replaces codes with components of the date and time.
Purveyor uses to connect to a service.
Purveyors are suppliers.
Many purveyors now extend aging periods prior to selling beef to upscale restaurants.
Push bikes are available at the office for a ride through the island.
Push bikes are available for hire at all major hotels and motels around the island.
Push pins are useful for holding the ribbon in place while the glue dries.
Push switches requires the person to apply force.
Push technologies have far-reaching implications for everyone from marketers to software companies.
A push is an actuation
PUSH also recycles bike tires and tubes.
PUSH believes in freedom of speech.
Push contains two components, delivery and notification.
PUSH is full of the high energy, passion and anticipation that is the Olympics.
Push is interactivity on demand.
PUSH is obscene and violent.
PUSH is the preffered system for staging pressure ulcers.
PUSH is united under the following points.
Push pushes an element on the stack.
Push sends the web to the user on demand or ad infinitum.
Push stems back in if they push out through the holes.
Push tells students the real story and tells it straight.
Pushes block into saw blade to cut and square edge for slabbing.
Pushes char back on the stream of input characters.
Pushes control buttons to activate pumps and observes system to detect malfunctions.
Pushes controls to tilt coil onto conveyor for removal from mill.
Pushes die plates from elevator onto roller-type conveyor, using metal rake.
Pushes peer away.
Pushes rack into machine chamber and bolts door, using wrench.
Pushes roll onto let-off rack.
Pushes stack along conveyor into drying chamber.
Pushs are forces.
Pushs are progress.
Pushs are propulsion.
Every push is well rewarded - push the pedals and the wheels turn.
Pushchair isa container.
Pushchairs have (part) axles.
Pushchairs have (part) brakes.
Pushchairs have (part) sections.
Pushchairs have (part) wheels.
A pusher is a criminal
A pusher is a dealer
Pusher takes refuge inside a shed and is cornered by an agent.
Pushers are available for hire.
Pushers are criminals.
Pushers are dealers.
Pushers are intruders.
Pushers are movers.
Pushers are part of food processors.
Pushers are sandals.
Pushers can offer guarantees on circulation and usage statistics.
Pushers lean poised as hawsers are tied on.
Pushers sell adulterated dope and experimental drugs, causing injury and death.
Pushing are pressing.
Pushing are pushing.
A pushpin is a tack
Pushpins allow dialogue boxes to be kept on-screen during editing sessions.
Pushpins are available in the room.
Pushpins benefit from the full text search capabilities of the location explorer.
Pushup is an exercise
Pushups are a little on the stuck side.
Pushups are also just excellent exercise for overall physical fitness and strength.
Pushups are also very good.
Pushups are simply awesome.
Pushups target primarily the chest.
Pushy sales make the heart throb.
Puss caterpillars are broadly polyphagous on shrubs and trees.
Puss caterpillars propel their fecal pellets .
A puss is a cat
A puss is a domestic animal
Puss is a midget in a cat suit who foils an evil ogre with the help of a midget in a rooster suit.
Puss is a midget in a cat suit who foils the evil ogre with the help of a midget in a rooster suit.
PUSS is only for pets.
PUSS Never mind that.
All pussy pictures download fast and are of high quality media.
A pussy is a fanny
Pussies are cats.
Pussies are pussies, players are players.
Pussies are welcome here .
Pussies ejaculate domina and asian pussies is free Anal vibrators is in with young strippers netsex.
Pussies rimming panty heads heads panty pussies rimming pussies pussies.
Pussies sexpic pussies.
Pussy lovin lesbos slurp on each others juicy cunts.
Pussy sounds too squishy.
Pussy tastes sweet like honey.
A pussycat is a cat
A pussycat is a domestic animal
Pussycats are all in place.
Pussycats are soft.
Pussytoes is a very common plant of open and wooded terrain.
Pustular acne appears just how it sounds.
Pustular eruptions have an inflamed base that is red, and sensitive.
Pustular psoriasis causes blisters and pus-like patches.
Pustular psoriasis is blisters that can leak.
Pustular psoriasis is much rarer.
Pustular psoriasis is where the areas of psoriasis are studded with small pustules.
Pustule is a bleb
Pustule is blisters.
Pustule is pimple
Pustule is pimple.
Pustules are generally less common except with infections of the palms and soles.
Pustules are larger and more raised on grapefruit than on round oranges and tangerines.
Pustules are most common on the lower leaf surface and on stems.
Pustules are pimples with a central collection of white pus at their top.
Pustules are pus-filled inflammations caused by an attack of white cells on the follicle's contents.
Pustules are small and circular, with a pinhead appearance.
Pustules are small round lesions that contain visible pus.
Pustules are small, blister-like formations.
Pustules are small, like papules, but are clearly inflammatory.
Pustules are small, white-headed, inflamed bumps.
Pustules are subcorneal or intraepidermal and are found associated with the pilosebaceous orifice.
Pustules are superficial and elevated lesions containing pus.
Pustules are usually present on the muzzle, inside the pinnae, and on the mucocutaneous junctions.
Pustules are very common and are most often seen on the face, shoulders, back and breastbone.
Pustules are yellow-white and surrounded by narrow red rings.
Pustules become brownish-black as they mature.
Pustules can be painful and rupture leaving scars in the case of deep acne.
Pustules contain bright orange masses of fungus spores.
Pustules containing yellowish spores develop on the upper leaf surface.
Pustules discharge a blood-stained pus made from dead cells.
Pustules form beside the anus, with itching and soreness.
Pustules form upon the skin with red areola.
Pustules later turn black.
Pustules occur when the neutrophil collections become clinically visible.
Pustules turn black late in the season.
A put option is a stock option
Put options are a pricing tool with considerable flexibility for managing price risk.
Put options are for a specific underlying futures contract month.
Put options are like an insurance policy.
Put options are more valuable when dividends increase in size.
Put options are options.
Put options are similar to purchasing an insurance policy to place a floor on milk prices.
Put options are stock options.
Every put option has an exercise price.
A put is an option
PUT allows for control of the seed.
PUT integrates parts into an image.
Put remains in paper bag, put action figure on throne.
Put sounds together to make a word.
Puts alone are useful price insurance.
Puts are almost the mirror-image of calls.
Puts are also generally cheaper than calls.
Puts are basically the mirror image of calls.
Puts are concerned with the stocks downward movement.
PUTs are equally useful for the malt barley producer.
Puts are just the opposite.
Puts are nothing more than price insurance.
Puts are options to sell a given security at a strike price within a specified time period.
Puts are very similar to having a short position on a stock.
Puts bead back on the rim in a flash.
PUTs can use remote queues, but GETs can only be applied to queues on the local queue manager.
PUTs contain various files that establish the system code at a specified PUT level.
Puts focus on the e-mail text box.
Puts have negative deltas.
Puts is the output command for text.
Puts leads in the hands of channel partners best suited to service the sale.
Puts note in chart.
Puts pen down, leaves.
Puts sounds together to make a word.
Puts sounds together to make words.
Putable advances are fixed-rate advances that are repayable without fee on specified put dates.
Putamen is continuous with and lies inferior to the head of caudate nucleus in the temporal lobe.
Putative hybrids are difficult to verify since the identity of one parent is often uncertain.
Putative markers have high probabilities of being linked to the mutation.
Putrefaction is decay
Putrefaction lasts till whiteness appears.
A putt is a swing
Putts are difficult to hole.
Putts become progressively more difficult.
Putts get real difficult the day they hand out the money.
Putts go in.
Putts really follow the slope and tend to go sideways in line with the contour.
Putts run down to the Valley, toward The Strip, and the contours are very subtle.
All putts are straight putts.
All putts break toward the halfway house.
Every putt feel good.
Every putt is a team effort.
Every putt is makeable.
Every putt is sunk with a singular goal in mind.
Every putt is true.
Most putts are under-read by golfers, even the professionals.
Putted ball hits the flag, which had been lying on the green.
A putter is an iron
Putter is always a question mark.
Putter is an excellent putter for regular play.
Putters also feature a distinctive four-way cambered sole.
Putters are a familiar tool to most people.
Putters are all about preference.
Putters are golf clubs.
Putters are golfers.
Putters are irons.
Putters are used when on the green .
Putters can be grouchy sometimes.
Putters can make or break any round.
Putters come in a vast array of sizes and metals.
Putters come in many sizes and shapes.
Putters have rounded edges, are lighter and are usually made from a softer, rubbery material.
Putters now are available with plastic face inserts and bi-metallic face inserts.
All putters are suitable for all players.
All putters come with a leather head cover.
Every putter comes with a color coordinated head cover and gift box.
Every putter comes with a head cover and gift box.
Most putters have a very fine sweet spot that runs vertically up the face of the putter.
Most putters have heads that are designed separately from the shafts.
Puttings are guidings.
Putty performance is another possible cause of the joint seal failure.
PuTTY considers a single word to be any number of adjacent characters in the same class.
PuTTY contains an option to work around the bug, though.
Putty is cement
Putty is cement.
PuTTY is currently beta software .
PuTTY is currently beta software.
Putty is filler
Putty is filler.
Putty is software.
Puzzlanian dollars are identical in weight to within several micrograms.
Puzzle activity is good for small muscle and finger dexterity.
Puzzle books are hard to find.
Puzzle books containing biographies and matching puzzles are a sure hit for a great gift.
Puzzle bottles have the intrigue of wooden.
Puzzle boxes are hard to solve for a reason.
Puzzle clues are on one side and crossword grids on the other.
Puzzle difficulty changes the puzzle difficulty.
Puzzle difficulty ranges from reasonably easy to fiendishly difficult.
Puzzle elements are object oriented, search and destroy, and search and rescue.
Puzzle fans are familiar with two-dimensional paper mazes.
Puzzle games are a very select market.
Puzzle games are games.
Puzzle games are puzzles.
Puzzle games are usually easy to learn, but difficult to master.
Puzzle games tease the brain and challenge the player to think fast.
Some puzzle games rely on quick reflexes, while others reward contemplation.
Puzzle interest picks up again after World War II and has been going strong ever since.
Puzzle pieces are in awesome condition.
Puzzle pieces are soft and easy to clean.
Puzzle pieces are very easy to lose.
Puzzle pieces keep falling from the sky.
Puzzle pieces turn up with increasing speed.
All puzzle pieces are potential profit centers.
Puzzle prints are prints that have clear divisions among the color areas.
Puzzle themes are from topics in math and computers.
A puzzle is a game
Puzzles abound and are quite creative.
Puzzles allow visitors to compare the skeletons of two dinosaurs.
Puzzles also develop fine motor coordination.
Puzzles also help kids realize how lots of parts make up a whole.
Puzzles also help teachers observe children and assess their development.
Puzzles also play a large and enjoyable role in advancing throughout the game.
Puzzles are a bit hard at times.
Puzzles are a bit too easy.
Puzzles are a form of play.
Puzzles are a great way to help minds develop.
Puzzles are a great way to spend time with friends and family.
Puzzles are a mean of deviation.
Puzzles are a risky business.
Puzzles are a very good tool.
Puzzles are a way of living.
Puzzles are a way of teaching mathematics.
Puzzles are always square.
Puzzles are an excellent way to have a good time.
Puzzles are complete, near mint to mint.
Puzzles are difficult.
Puzzles are double-thick and easy for preschoolers to manipulate.
Puzzles are easy to make, fun to put together, and have many learning benefits.
Puzzles are for printing, and then working with a pencil or pen.
Puzzles are from some of the world's best creators.
Puzzles are fully scalable and can be saved or printed.
Puzzles are fully scalable for play at any resolution.
Puzzles are fun and a challenge.
Puzzles are fun in the beginning and continue to be.
Puzzles are fun, challenging and educational.
Puzzles are fun, educational, entertaining and are also printable.
Puzzles are games where the learner has significant control.
Puzzles are games.
Puzzles are good.
Puzzles are great for children of all ages.
Puzzles are great.
Puzzles are hard, but fair.
Puzzles are highly motivational tools that capture the imaginations of students.
Puzzles are ideal gifts for any occasion.
Puzzles are integral parts of the storyline and are both meaningless and hard to fit in the demo.
Puzzles are located in drawers.
Puzzles are located in newspapers.
Puzzles are located in tables.
Puzzles are located in toy stores.
Puzzles are never the same the second time around.
Puzzles are never too obscure, and they are typical of the adventure genre.
Puzzles are occasionally very tough.
Puzzles are ok.
Puzzles are pictures.
Puzzles are plentiful and clever but are reused so often that they become tedious.
Puzzles are pretty cheap.
Puzzles are pretty simple and most enemies have predictable patterns.
Puzzles are problems done for fun.
Puzzles are problems.
Puzzles are quite difficult, since they wish to bring back hard-core fans.
Puzzles are recreational thinking, and they have been a part of human culture for a very long time.
Puzzles are reproducible.
Puzzles are sensibly fit into the game.
Puzzles are similar to games in their ability to engage people on a task.
Puzzles are simple but numerous.
Puzzles are simple, boring and so obvious.
Puzzles are simple, but fun.
Puzzles are solitary affairs, unlike games.
Puzzles are story based, built right into the plot.
Puzzles are trickier than before.
Puzzles are typical of the genre.
Puzzles are used for challenge.
Puzzles are used for distractions.
Puzzles are used for entertainment.
Puzzles are used for focusing attention.
Puzzles are used for mental activities.
Puzzles are used for mental stimulation.
Puzzles are used for play.
Puzzles are useful warnings and sharpen our mental skills.
Puzzles are usually beyond a toddler s capabilities.
Puzzles are valuable for teaching strategies, perception and spatial relationships.
Puzzles are very playful and fun things to make, especially the kind that no one has done before.
Puzzles are way too easy.
Puzzles are wonderful tools to promote spatial sense, cooperative learning and fine motor skills.
Puzzles are, therefore, an excellent preparation for learning to read.
Puzzles await in the dark rooms across the bridge.
Puzzles can be fun, engaging teaching aids, but time-consuming to create.
Puzzles can be fun.
Puzzles can be on the difficult side.
Puzzles can develop patience and perseverance.
Puzzles can provide formal learning experiences.
Puzzles challenge the mind of serious and amateur players worldwide.
Puzzles change monthly.
Puzzles come in all shapes and sizes, different age ranges and difficulty levels.
Puzzles come in five fun formats.
Puzzles come in six colors with the colors indicating increasing difficulty.
Puzzles come in three levels.
Puzzles consist of switches that control lasers, platforms, bridges, electric fields, etc.
Puzzles encompass a wide variety of mental challenges, from crosswords to conundrums to jigsaws.
Puzzles have a frame or contour of a product.
Puzzles have a low-key, but solid, Bible basis.
Puzzles help a child develop eye-hand coordination and learn to complete tasks.
Puzzles help a child develop hand-eye coordination and manipulative thinking.
Puzzles Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Puzzles help children learn to solve problems as well as learning about shapes, sizes, and colors.
Puzzles help exercise a child s memory.
Puzzles involve floor plate switches and other devices that are used to open doors.
Puzzles involving timing are the most complex to implement.
Puzzles is colorful, entertaining, and easy for a child to use independently.
Puzzles is scared of it even though it is small.
Puzzles is the newsgroup devoted to puzzles.
Puzzles Make a selection from the left.
Puzzles make excellent class starters, but they can be used at other times as well.
Puzzles make learning fun and interactive for any audience.
Puzzles make order out of a variety of symbolic pieces.
Puzzles now can change size dynamically.
Puzzles offer a good challenge.
Puzzles offers a variety of food items including pizza, grilled items and desserts.
Puzzles provide another way to approach the same theme.
Puzzles provide perfect opportunitie for children to be successful all by themselves.
Puzzles provide perfect opportunitity for children to be successful all by themselves.
Puzzles provide relief from combat, and vice versa.
Puzzles Put together the pieces of the picture puzzle.
Puzzles range from easy to fairly complex.
Puzzles range from easy to hard.
Puzzles range from very simple ones for small children to difficult ones for adults.
Puzzles range in difficulty from easy to advanced, so there's something for everybody.
Puzzles reinforce Bible stories and biblical truths.
Puzzles remain, however.
Puzzles run the gamut from surprisingly obvious to maddeningly impossible.
Puzzles seem to be the glue that holds adventure games together.
Puzzles take on several varieties.
Puzzles take two days to manufacture.
Puzzles teach children how parts fit together to form a whole.
Puzzles touch on many areas of mathematics, such as geometry, algebra, topology and group theory.
Puzzles update daily.
Puzzles vary from easy to very difficult.
Puzzles vary from less challenging to very complex.
Puzzles vary from the obscure to the brilliant.
Puzzles vary in difficulty and some tasks are completed using the strangest objects.
Puzzles usually come in containers which depict the completed picture on the outside.
Puzzles usually use the dialog interface.
All puzzle has at least a solution.
All puzzles are mouse driven.
All puzzles have scores and timers.
Every puzzle has an image, hint and solution.
Every puzzle has at least one solution.
Every puzzle has interactive instructions available.
Every puzzle is a custom designed and completely personalized treasure.
Every puzzle is a one of a kind.
Every puzzle is different, and each one has a unique solution.
Every puzzle is different.
Every puzzle is made up of many pieces.
Every puzzle is packed with word fun.
Every puzzle is there for a reason.
Every puzzle is unique as it is cut from fine wood, using an antique fretsaw.
Every puzzle receives the exact same signature piece.
Many puzzles involve finding the key that opens the lock.
Many puzzles remain.
Many puzzles though have nothing whatsoever to do with the bush.
More puzzles are to be added.
Most puzzles are of medium difficulty.
Most puzzles are of the variety of using an inventory item in the right way.
Most puzzles now have a perfectly safe solution.
Some puzzles are easy, whereas others can be difficult, which adds a great variety of challenges.
Some puzzles are harder than others, some much harder.
Some puzzles are quite easy.
Some puzzles are real brain-teasers.
Some puzzles are self-correcting.
Some puzzles are slightly obtuse, but never annoyingly so, and some are deviously clever.
Some puzzles are so small, they require tweesers to assemble.
Some puzzles are still without solution.
Some puzzles are too obscure.
Some puzzles come naturally and the adventure writer also has to struggle to find a solution.
Some puzzles come with their own story.
Some puzzles depend crucially on timing.
Some puzzles draw from different advertisers within a publication.
Some puzzles have many pieces while some only seem to have a few.
Some puzzles rebuild themselves however for unlimited game play.
Some puzzles require intense concentration.
Some puzzles require pencil and paper.
Some puzzles stimulate the left brain, some the right brain.
Some puzzles take an hour to build.
Some puzzles use italics to indicate titles.
Some puzzles use letters, others use numbers.
Puzzled characters pop in at frame left for no apparent reason, but somehow add to the sequence.
Puzzled patrons wander back and forth, back and forth, trying to find a way out without cheating.
Puzzled readers move on.
Puzzled students look towards the classroom teachers in the back of the room.
A puzzler is a problem
Puzzler isa subject.
Puzzler isa theme.
Puzzler isa topic.
Puzzler uses simple mouse movements to rotate the puzzles.
Some puzzles pieces are very similar in shape, at least along two or three of the sides.
PVaccine effectiveness varies from one person to another.
PVCC authentication is required.
PVCC classes begin .
PVCC leaders volunteer their time without cost.
PVMpov options are in developpement.
PVMPov standard features Identical behaviour, ie.
PVOH polymer is thus completely biodegradable.
Pwad files contain custom levels.
PWF construction is similar to wood-framed exterior wall construction, with some exceptions.
Many PWL clients become repeat clients.
Pwllheli town has award winning beaches, shops, restaurants, marina and leisure centre.
PWT staff performs all work with the utmost regard for health and safety.
Pxsl distribution contains P-track interactive weblication.
A pycnidium is a natural object
Pycnidia appear as black specks in the infected areas.
Pycnidia are asexual fruiting structures associated with certain fungi.
Pycnidia are light to dark brown in color and partially embedded within plant tissue.
Pycnidia are most noticeable following a period of dew or rain.
Pycnidia are tiny, orange spore-cases that characterize spreading chestnut blight.
Pycnidia contain short, simple conidiophores that produce the fungal spores.
Pycnidia develop within the infected tissue.
Pycnidia occur in clusters or singly on stems and needles.
Pycnidia produce spores during wet weather, which are then spread by splashing water and wind.
Pycnidia usually form in rows in the dead parts of leaves.
A pycnogonid is an arthropod
Pycnogonids are carnivorous animals that suck out the juices of their prey.
Pycnogonids differ from all other arthropods in having multiple, segmental gonopores.
Pycnogonids have almost no fossil record.
Pycnogonids vaguely resemble spiders, with small bodies and relatively long, hinged legs.
All pycnogonids are carnivores and use a muscular pharynx to suck soft food into the gut.
Most pycnogonids are carnivorous and bottom-dwellers, although some can swim.
A pyemia is blood disorder
A pyemia is sepsis
Pyemia means, literally, pus in the blood.
Pyemia means, litterally, pus in the blood.
Pygidial lobes are expression-negative.
Pygmy anteaters weigh pounds.
Most pygmy anteaters weigh pounds.
Pygmy antelopes weigh pounds.
Pygmy chimps are an entirely seperate species.
Pygmy chimps are rare in zoos, rare in the wild, and very little is known about the species.
Pygmy chimps have sex slightly before, during, and after their ovulation.
Pygmy chimpanzees show differences.
Most pygmy chimpanzees show differences.
Pygmy goats are adaptable to most climates.
Pygmy goats are friendly and safe to pet.
Pygmy goats are more disease-resistant in some ways than other breeds.
Pygmy goats are often affectionate if they are treated with respect.
Pygmy goats differ from the dairy breeds.
Pygmy goats eat just about anything.
Pygmy goats make great pets and show animals.
Pygmy goats require food.
Many pygmy goats have an agouti pattern.
Most pygmy goats require food.
Pygmy grasshoppers look like miniature short-horned grasshoppers.
Pygmy hippos have eyes.
Pygmy hippos have retention time.
Pygmy hippos have time.
Pygmy hippos live in american zoos.
Pygmy hippos live in zoos.
Pygmy hippopotamuses belong to genus.
Pygmy hippopotamuses emerge at nights.
Pygmy hippopotamuses weigh pounds.
Most pygmy hippopotamuses belong to genus.
Most pygmy hippopotamuses emerge at nights.
A pygmy marmoset is a marmoset
Pygmy marmoset is a critically endangered species and is found in tropical and subtropical forests.
Pygmy marmoset is a type of primate that is best known as the smallest monkey in the world.
Pygmy marmosets are mammals.
Pygmy marmosets are marmosets.
Pygmy marmosets are monogamous, which means that male and female mate for a lifetime.
Pygmy marmosets are only about six inches tall as adults.
Pygmy marmosets are quiet animals.
Pygmy marmosets are territorial animals.
Pygmy marmosets are the smallest of the species.
Pygmy marmosets are tiny animals that can fit into human palm.
Pygmy marmosets are usually docile and gentle.
Pygmy marmosets carry babies.
Pygmy marmosets defend territory.
Pygmy marmosets drink fresh water.
Pygmy marmosets drink water.
Pygmy marmosets eat plants.
Pygmy marmosets eat spiders.
Pygmy marmosets have claws on all of their digits except the great toe, which has a flat nail.
Pygmy marmosets have freedom.
Pygmy marmosets have trees.
Pygmy marmosets live in regions.
Pygmy marmosets raise tails.
Most pygmy marmosets have freedom.
Most pygmy marmosets have trees.
Some pygmy marmosets are classified as concern.
Some pygmy marmosets have claws.
Some pygmy marmosets have coloration.
Some pygmy marmosets have sharp claws.
Some pygmy marmosets have states.
Some pygmy marmosets have tendencies.
Pygmy owls are very small.
Pygmy parrots are unique in feeding on slime like fungi and algae.
Pygmy rabbits appear to synchronize breeding in a given area.
Pygmy rabbits are capable of reproduction in the year following their birth.
Pygmy rabbits occupy habitats.
Pygmy rabbits weigh pounds.
Most pygmy rabbits occupy habitats.
Most pygmy rabbits weigh pounds.
Pygmy shrews are distributed throughout the boreal areas of North America.
Pygmy shrews are found in the northern forests of North America.
Pygmy shrews are good at digging in soft, soil and leaf litter.
Pygmy shrews are good climbers, and have been found in bird nest boxes, making use of an old nest.
Pygmy shrews have distribution.
Pygmy shrews have tails.
Pygmy shrews live in habitats.
Pygmy shrews make sharp squeaks, low purrs, and high-pitched whistling sounds.
Pygmy shrews reach maturity.
Pygmy shrews reach sexual maturity.
Pygmy shrews spend about half of their time on the ground surface in comparison to underground.
Most pygmy shrews have distribution.
Most pygmy shrews have tails.
Most pygmy shrews live in habitats.
Most pygmy shrews reach maturity.
Most pygmy shrews reach sexual maturity.
Some pygmy shrews have ranges.
Some pygmy shrews have size.
Some pygmy shrews keep in cages.
Some pygmy shrews starve to death.
Pygmy squirrels reach full height.
Pygmy squirrels reach height.
Pygmy sundews form roots.
Pygmy tarsiers are insectivorous and eat primarily arthropods with heavily keratinized exoskeletons.
Pygmy tarsiers drink water by lapping.
Pygmy tarsiers drink water.
Pygmy tarsiers have a rounded head with a short snout.
Pygmy tarsiers have characteristics.
Pygmy tarsiers have claws.
Pygmy tarsiers have distinctive characteristics.
Pygmy tarsiers have heads.
Pygmy tarsiers have ranges.
Pygmy tarsiers have round heads.
Pygmy tarsiers have several characteristics.
Pygmy tarsiers have short limbs.
Pygmy tarsiers have tails.
Pygmy tarsiers produce offspring.
Most pygmy tarsiers drink water.
Most pygmy tarsiers have characteristics.
Most pygmy tarsiers have claws.
Most pygmy tarsiers have distinctive characteristics.
Most pygmy tarsiers have heads.
Most pygmy tarsiers have ranges.
Most pygmy tarsiers have round heads.
Most pygmy tarsiers have several characteristics.
Most pygmy tarsiers have short limbs.
Most pygmy tarsiers have tails.
Most pygmy tarsiers produce offspring.
Some pygmy tarsiers have fields.
Some pygmy tarsiers rotate heads.
A pygmy is a person
Pygmies also compose songs for male and female secret social societies.
Pygmies are born covered with a thick lanugo, or fetal hair, which is usually blond to reddish.
Pygmies are just plain fun to have around.
Pygmies are of diminished stature because their lives are nasty, brutish and short.
Pygmies are the earliest known inhabitants of the Congo Basin, which is located in Zaire.
Pygmies can be just as friendly and lovable as canines.
Pygmies have (part) arms.
Pygmies have (part) body substances.
Pygmies have (part) cell membranes.
Pygmies have (part) cells.
Pygmies have (part) corpi.
Pygmies have (part) cytoplasm.
Pygmies have (part) heads.
Pygmies have (part) human bodies.
Pygmies have (part) legs.
Pygmies have (part) material bodies.
Pygmies have (part) necks.
Pygmies have (part) nuclei.
Pygmies have (part) personality.
Pygmies have (part) plasma membranes.
Pygmies have (part) sections.
Pygmies have (part) vacuoles.
Pygmies have eyes.
Pygmies have yellow eyes.
Pygmies live in the forests of the west.
Pygmies live in the southern forests.
Pygmies love airplanes.
Pygmies seem to love their tradition of music and dance.
Pygmies share habitats.
Pygmies talk in a variety of screeches.
Pygmies typically dress in simple loincloths that are made from the beaten bark of trees.
Pygmies use simple musical instruments such as drums, flutes, and a kind of one- string violin.
Pygmies weigh ounces.
Pygmy chimp readily learns language skill.
Pygmy does become fertile again in as little as ten days after kidding.
Pygmy is internet ready, it supports connection via modem and network card.
Pygmy isa individual.
Pygmy isa person.
Pygmy isa somebody.
Pygmy isa someone.
Pygmy marmosets communicate with each other by chattering and trilling in high-pitched voices.
Pygmy shrews in lowland habitats are less abundant that common shrews.
Pygmy slow loris Nycticebus pygmaeus.
All pygmies are musicians.
Most pygmies have eyes.
Most pygmies have yellow eyes.
Most pygmies share habitats.
Most pygmies weigh ounces.
Most pygmy marmosets carry babies.
Some pygmies become pets.
Some pygmies have nails.
Some pygmies have shades.
Some pygmies have sharp nails.
Some pygmies reach adulthood.
Some pygmy marmosets become prey.
Some pygmy marmosets have tails.
Some pygmy marmosets live in extend families.
Some pygmy marmosets live in families.
Some pygmy marmosets reach maturity.
Some pygmy marmosets reach sexual maturity.
Some pygmy marmosets show differences.
Some pygmy marmosets use types.
Some pygmy whales strand on beaches.
Pylon turns are impressive.
A pylon is a tower
Pylon isa tower.
Pylons also have the name of the station and line in Braille and raised letters.
Pylons are a major tool in re-creating an Initiatory tradtion on Earth.
Pylons are devices.
Pylons are one such gateway.
Pylons are the largest and least essential parts of a temple that is usually built last.
Pylons are towers.
Pylons connect the nacelles to the jet bodies and do such things as transport fuel to the engines.
Pylons have (part) bases.
Pylons have (part) sections.
Pylons seem so small from here.
Pyloric aperture is the opening surrounded by the lips of the pyloric ring.
Pyloric glands produce a mucous secretion.
Pyloric limb ends in a constricted pyloric spinctor.
All pyloric neurons are monopolar.
All pyloric neurons possess both shaker and shal A-channels.
Pyloric obstruction is the most common long term sequela.
Pyloric sphincter regulates emptying of acidic gastric juice to duodenum.
Pyloric stenosis is a congenital defect, or condition present at birth.
Pyloric stenosis is a narrowing of the pylorus.
Pyloric stenosis is a narrowing of the stomach's outlet, which is called the pylorus.
Pyloric stenosis is much more common in boys than girls.
Pyloric stenosis is stenosis.
Pyloric stenosis is stricture
Pyloric stenosis is treated by a minor surgical procedure.
Pynchon hunters find it frighteningly easy to track and catch their prey.
Pynchon worshippers live here.
Pyogenic abscesses are usually solitary and often multiloculated with thickened enhancing walls.
Pyogenic abscesses can be solitary, multiple, and multilocular.
Pyogenic granulomas are benign vascular tumors comprised of capillaries and connective tissue.
Pyogenic granulomas are common in children.
Pyogenic granulomas are especially common during pregnancy.
Pyogenic granulomas can have a rapid growth pattern that can cause alarm.
Pyogenic granulomas vary in size from a few millimeters to several centimeters and are painless.
Some pyogenic granulomas disappear on their own.
Some pyogenic granulomas disappear without treatment.
Pyogenic organisms are the infectious agent involved with abscess formation.
Pyogenic streptococci are pathogens that are associated with pus formation.
Pyorrhea is a disease
Pyorrhea is one of the prices that man pays for food that is cooked or prepared in the soft state.
PyRAF strings can be arbitrarily long.
A pyralid moth is a moth
Pyralid moths are an interesting group with some species feeding on aquatic plants.
Pyramid Lake is also a great place to teach children about taking care of the environment.
Pyramid Lake is considered one of the state's best recreation areas.
Pyramid Lake is crowded with campers, boaters and anglers out for the Memorial Day holiday weekend.
Pyramid Lake is crowded with campers, boaters and anglers over the Memorial Day weekend.
Pyramids of biomass reveal the mass of living material at each stage in a chain.
Pyramids of energy allow comparisons between different ecosystems and populations.
Pyramids of energy show the energy flow.
Pyramids of numbers are most often triangular shaped, but can be almost any shape.
Pyramids of numbers can be either upright or inverted, depending on the ecosystem.
Pyramids of numbers display the number of individual organisms at each tropic level.
Some pyramid promoters try to make their schemes look like multilevel marketing methods.
Some pyramid promoters try to make their schemes look like multi-level marketing methods.
Some pyramid promoters try to make their schemes look like multi-level marketing operations.
Some pyramid promoters try to make their schemes look like multi-level marketing plans.
Pyramid Rock is comprised of shale, which is why it exists.
A pyramid scheme is a strategy
Pyramid schemes are schemes.
All pyramid schemes are illegal and doomed to collapse, police say.
All pyramid schemes have one thing in common.
Every pyramid scheme depends on an endless supply of new members.
Pyramid song is ok and Knives out is slightly memorable but the rest stinks of shit.
A pyramid is a polyhedron
Pyramid isa shape.
Pyramids also plans to provide scholarships so underprivileged children can use the complex.
Pyramids also reflect the demographic history of a country.
Pyramids are also useful in alleviating stress factors.
Pyramids are bad.
Pyramids are deceptive.
Pyramids are energy accumulators and transmitters.
Pyramids are hard to move - so are mountains.
Pyramids are illegal and are based on taking advantage of people.
Pyramids are illegal because they are inherently fraudulent.
Pyramids are illegal because they inevitably collapse and many participants lose their money.
Pyramids are illegal, fraudulent con games.
Pyramids are illegal.
Pyramids are losers.
Pyramids are magic and mystery.
Pyramids are manifolds.
Pyramids are monuments.
Pyramids are polyhedrons.
Pyramids are pyramids.
Pyramids are speculation.
Pyramids are tapered cigars with a small, pointed head and a larger foot.
Pyramids are television shows.
Pyramids are the most recognizable Mayan structures.
Pyramids are very fun and interesting.
Pyramids are where it's at.
Pyramids are without a doubt the most easily recognized act in show skiing.
Pyramids become the tomb of choice for pharaohs.
Pyramids can represent an image in several different ways.
Pyramids Click the pyramids to find out about Egyptian tombs.
Pyramids concentrate mainly on quick profits to be made by selling the right to recruit others.
Pyramids focus on recruiting new members, instead of on selling real products.
Pyramids focuses on chunking words for word building.
Pyramids go by all kinds of names and formats.
Pyramids hold better in fast water.
Pyramids illustrate socialized acceptance of the machine, across a wide political spectrum.
Pyramids is a cheerleading gym in Concord, California.
Pyramids is available as a School Version only.
Pyramids is simple to analyse on a small board, but harder with a large board.
Pyramids move the same way as their bottom-most piece moves.
Pyramids place more emphasis on recruiting than selling a product.
Pyramids profiles the fascinating science of pyramids.
Pyramids provide a look at the history of pre-columbian Middle America.
All pyramids appear to have been built with internal casing, a series of inclined baulks.
Any pyramid is a third part of the prism with the same base and equal height.
Many pyramids disguise and tout themselves as legitimate MLMs.
Some pyramids are simple and similar to a chain letter.
Some pyramids have special carvings or artifacts at the top.
Pyramidal cells are neurons.
Pyramidal cells are one major class of neurons in our cortex.
Pyramidal cells are the principal neurons of the neocortex, the projection neurons.
Pyramidal cells are the projection or output neurons of the cortex.
Pyramidal cells project their axons to targets away from their points of origin.
Pyramidal democracy involves no political campaigns.
Pyramidal neurons are immunoreactive for glutamate and aspartate.
Pyramidal tree wit h white bark.
Pyramidings are swindle.
A pyre is a pile
Pyres are built outdoors .
Pyres are built outdoors.
Pyres are piles.
Pyres contain chlorine because they are built with creosote-soaked railway sleepers and tyres.
Pyrenean cattle are a local breed which give high quality meat.
Pyrenees Experience our selection of vacation rentals in the Pyrenees region of France.
A pyrethrum is a flower
Pyrethrum can kill insects rapidly at very low concentrations.
Pyrethrum comes from insecticidal compounds found in African chrysanthemums.
Pyrethrum insecticide is one of the most widely used natural insecticides in existence.
Pyrethrum is a daisy-like flower that can be used for production of a natural insecticide.
Pyrethrum is a natural pesticide which provides a quick kill but no residual.
Pyrethrum is a natural vegetable extract from a variety of Chrysanthemum flowers.
Pyrethrum is a nerve poison and paralyzes insects on contact.
Pyrethrum is also toxic to fish.
Pyrethrum is available in dust or spray forms.
Pyrethrum is available so the machine can be used for flying insects like mosquitoes and flies.
Pyrethrum is considered a natural chemical suitable for use by organic gardeners.
Pyrethrum is derived from the blossoms of the pyrethrum flower, Chrysanthemum cinerariaefolium.
Pyrethrum is derived from the flower of Chrysanthemum cinerariaefolium .
Pyrethrum is easy to grow.
Pyrethrum is extracted from the flowers of chrysanthemum.
Pyrethrum is extremely toxic to fish, toxic to bees and slightly toxic to birds.
Pyrethrum is grown in small holdings and only in certain areas of the highlands.
Pyrethrum is grown in smallholdings and only in certain areas of the highlands.
Pyrethrum is nontoxic to most mammals, making it among the safest insecticides in use.
Pyrethrum is non-toxic to most mammals, making it among the safest insecticides in use.
Pyrethrum is one of the most widely used organic pesticides.
Pyrethrum is the most widely used botanical insecticide in the United States.
Pyrethrum is used as a insecticide against many garden bugs.
Pyrethrum kills all non-resistant insects.
Pyrethrums are herbs.
Pyrethrums are insecticide.
Pyrethrums are primarily effective as a contact poison.
Pyrethrums can also be a useful contact insecticide for reducing insect pest populations.
Pyrethrums give a fast knock down of pest insects and are broad spectrum.
Pyrexia is a symptom
Pyrexia is more common with invasive bacterial attack.
Pyrexia stimulates the thalamus and can cause tachypnoea.
Pyridine products can persist in manure for a few years.
A pyridine is an alkali
Pyridine alkaloids One of the best pyridine alkaloids is nicotine.
Pyridine also enters to the body via inhalation and by the other routes.
Pyridine is a colorless liquid with an unpleasant smell.
Pyridine is an organic base.
Pyridine is aromatic with six pi electrons in a cyclic, conjugated pi-orbital system.
Pyridine is soluble in liquid ammonia.
Pyridine is susceptible to nucleophilic attack.
Pyridine is used to dissolve other substances.
Pyridine is very soluble in water.
Pyridine smells sour, putrid, fishy.
Pyridine's a great ligand.
Pyridines are bases.
Pyridines are chemical compounds.
Pyridines are organic compounds.
Pyridines are present in particularly high concentrations.
Pyridnic nitrogen is bound in six-membered rings.
Pyridoxine deficiency affects biomechanical properties of chick tibial bone.
Pyrimidine biosynthesis is based on combining preassembled parts.
Pyrimidine nucleotides accumulate, and adenine nucleotides are decreased.
Pyrimidine is an organic compound
Pyrimidine is bases.
Pyrimidine is chemical compounds.
Pyrimidine is organic compounds.
Pyrimidines are composed of a six-member heterocyclic ring of carbon and nitrogen atoms.
Pyrimidines are effective because they inhibit tetrahydrofolate biosynthesis.
Pyrimidines are just plain pyrimidines.
Pyrimidines are smaller than purines, and their biosynthesis is correspondingly easier.
Pyrimidines contain one ring and purines contain two rings.
Pyrimidines have single ring structures.
Pyrimidines have two rings and purines have one.
Pyrite oxidation is the chemical reaction that occurs between oxygen and pyrite.
A pyrite is a mineral
Pyrite comes in many different shapes, from sun discs to cubes.
Pyrite enhances the protective and assertive male energies in both men and women.
Pyrite gives a greenish or brownish-black streak.
Pyrite gives a pale brassy color with a metallic luster.
Pyrite helps with digestion and helps to promote creativity and an open mind.
Pyrite increases oxygen supply to the blood and strengthens the respiratory and circulatory systems.
Pyrite is by far the most common sulphide mineral.
Pyrite is harder, less dense, and more brittle than gold.
Pyrite is harder, less dense, and more brittle.
Pyrite isa mineral.
Pyrite occurs in three distinct styles.
Pyrite occurs mostly in hydrothermal veins.
Pyrites are minerals.
Pyrites are sulfides.
Pyrites contain irons.
Most pyrites contain irons.
Some pyrite contains small amounts of gold and is mined for that reason.
Some pyrites contain siderites.
Pyritic sulfur is relatively easy to remove.
Pyroclastic breccia is a rock made up mostly by blocks and bombs.
Pyroclastic deposits are a minor volume of the volcano.
Pyroclastic flow descends right side of cone.
Pyroclastic flow is another major hazard associated with some volcanic eruptions.
Pyroclastic flows are an extreme form of hazard.
Pyroclastic flows are extremely hazardous because of their high speeds and temperatures.
Pyroclastic flows are extremely hazardous due to their high speeds and temperatures.
Pyroclastic flows are mixtures of hot gas, ash, and dust.
Pyroclastic flows are one kind of sediment gravity flow.
Pyroclastic flows are one of the most dangerous and destructive products of a volcano.
Pyroclastic flows are the result of explosive eruptions of molten or solid rock fragments, or both.
Pyroclastic flows can arrive before the people have a chance to move to a safe place.
Pyroclastic flows can be one of the most lethal volcanic phenomena and severely damage our life.
Pyroclastic flows can form in several different ways.
Pyroclastic flows can move at high speeds along the ground and pass over substantial obstacles.
Pyroclastic flows can trigger other hazards, as well.
Pyroclastic flows cause more death and destruction than any other volcanic hazard.
Pyroclastic flows originate from explosive fragmentation of volatile-rich magma.
Pyroclastic surges are even more forceful than flows.
Pyroclastic surges are responsible for the deaths in each city.
Pyroclastic surges are turbulent, low-density variants of pyroclastic flows.
Pyroclastic textures are found in volcanic rocks that formed from ashfalls and ashflows.
Pyroelectric detectors have a fast response time.
All pyroelectric materials are also piezoelectric.
Pyroelectric sensor detects body heat.
A pyroelectricity is an electrical phenomenon
Pyroelectricity is a material property explored for sensor development.
Pyroelectricity is also a necessary consequence of ferroelectricity.
Pyroelectricity is material property explored by the company for sensor development.
Pyrogallic acid is a phenol
Pyrogallic acid is a white crystalline solid, without smell.
A pyrogen is a substance
Pyrogens act in the brain to reset the body's thermostat to a higher temperature than normal.
Pyrogens are substances.
Pyrogens can come from external substances such as bacteria, viruses, or toxins.
Pyrogens make their way to the hypothalamus, which is in charge of regulating body temperature.
Pyrogens stimulate the hypothalamus to raise the body's internal temperature, resulting in a fever.
Pyrolysis gasoline is also a major source in Europe and Japan.
Pyrolysis also has limited commercial application due to economic and technical barriers.
Pyrolysis has the advantage over gasification that bio-fuel has a much higher energy density.
Pyrolysis is a form of heating without the use of oxygen.
Pyrolysis is a method that heats plant matter in an oxygen-free environment.
Pyrolysis is a shift
Pyrolysis is the only technology that directly yields a liquid fuel.
Pyrolysis is the thermal degradation of polymeric materials in the absence of oxygen.
Pyrolysis is transformation.
Pyrolysis needs a use for residues.
Pyrolysis only takes place when fire has a continuous source of oxygen.
Pyrolysis uses high temperatures without oxygen to break down and destroy organic compounds.
Pyrolysis often precedes combustion.
Pyrolytic carbon belongs to the special family of turbostratic carbons.
A pyromancy is a fortune telling
Pyromancy is divination by looking into a fire.
A pyromaniac is a maniac
Pyromaniacs are lunatics.
Pyromaniacs are people compelled to light fires.
Pyromaniacs exhibit a severe inability to relate normally to other people.
Pyromaniacs exhibit severe deviations from normal behavior.
Pyromaniacs tend to plan in advance to start fires.
Most pyromaniacs are male.
Most pyromaniacs are men.
Pyrometallurgical refining is carried out in a series of large open kettles.
A pyrometer is a thermometer
Pyrometer is an instrument for measuring high temperatures esp.
Pyrometer is an instrument that indicates temperature in the kiln.
A pyrope is garnet
Pyrope is deep red to reddish black in color.
Pyrope is the only garnet whose most common source is igneous rather than metamorphic.
A pyrophobia is simple phobia
Pyrophobia is the absolute, hysterical fear of fire, and all fire-related phenomena.
Pyrophoric decoys can fool missiles able to ignore conventional flares.
Pyrophoric materials can ignite spontaneously with no external source of ignition.
Pyrophoric materials ignite spontaneously in air.
Pyrophyllite clay is the natural answer.
All pyrotechnic compositions present some hazard due to their ability to produce energy.
Any pyrotechnic devices are armed.
Pyrotechnic glitter is characterized by a liquid spark terminating in a delayed flash.
Some pyrotechnic signals meet both day and night use requirements.
Pyrotechnic sludge is taken to the ordnance burning grounds.
Pyrotechnic storage is provided by four earth-covered bunkers.
A pyrotechnic is a low explosive
Pyrotechnics are among the most dangerous effects used on stage.
Pyrotechnics are hazardous due to the nature of their explosive, flammable, or toxic tiller.
Pyrotechnics are making.
Pyrotechnics are most applicable in rural settings.
Pyrotechnics are on everyone's agenda.
Pyrotechnics are similar to ordinary highway flares.
Pyrotechnics Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Pyrotechnics is indoor fireworks that make a dance quite a celebration.
Pyrotechnics is the area of special effects devoted to explosions.
Pyrotechnics meet pasta in one of the world's most scenic spots by the sea.
Pyrotechnics produce irritating and obscuring smoke.
Pyrotechnics separate the cables from the aircraft just prior to impact.
A pyroxyline is nitrate
Pyroxyline is soluble also in acetic ether.
Pyrrhotite isa mineral.
Pyrrolizidine alkaloids are poisonous compounds that can cause severe liver damage.
Pyrrolizidine alkaloids obstruct the hepatic venous system and can lead to hepatonecrosis.
Pyruvate acid is alpha - ketopropionic acid.
Pyruvate concentration is estimated from a standard curve generated using known pyruvate standards.
Pyruvate kinase clears intermediates out of the pathway.
Pyruvate kinase is a key regulatory enzyme in the metabolism of sugar.
Pyruvate kinase is another important regulated enzyme of glycolysis .
Pyruvate kinase is required for glycolysis.
Pyruvate kinase is the enzyme in glycolysis that catalyzes the final step of glycolysis.
Pyruvic acid accumulates in the blood after consumption of the adulterated oil.
Pyruvic acid is acid
Pyruvic acid is acid.
Pyruvic acid is chemical compounds.
Pyruvic acid is converted into carbon dioxide.
Pyruvic acid is electrolytes.
Pyruvic acid is liquids.
Pyruvic acid is organic acid.
Pyruvic acid is the main natural compound during the human metabolism process.
Pyruvic acid loses carbon dioxide and is converted to the two- carbon compound acetaldehyde.
Pysanky eggs play an important part.
Pythagorean mathematics is still too tied to sense-perception.
Pythagorean silence is an important example.
Pythagorean triples are integer length sides of right triangles.
Pythagorean Triples Suppose that a, b, c are natural numbers.
Pythium blight can occur on tall fescue during long periods of hot-wet weather.
A pythium is a fungus
Pythium also can rot the base of unrooted cuttings.
Pythium also causes damping off.
Pythium causes a watery, straw colored decay of the roots.
Pythium causes black lesions on the roots, and the medium has a musty smell.
Pythium causes seed and root rots and preemergence damping off.
Pythium causes seed rot or kills young seedlings before or shortly after emergence.
Pythium favors cool soil conditions and usually affects early seeded beans.
Pythium is a fungus spread by spores.
Pythium is a major problem in hydroponic systems.
Pythium is a parasitic water-mold fungus favored by cool, wet conditions.
Pythium is a parasitic, water-mold fungus which favors cool, wet soil conditions.
Pythium is a water-mold and is favored by saturated soil conditions and high soluble salts.
Pythium is also a problem in locations where the same crop is planted year after year.
Pythium is an important root rot disease of greenhouse ornamental plants.
Pythium is another common pathogen across the Cotton Belt.
Pythium is most common when turf is too wet.
Pythium is most damaging to cotton seedlings at low temperatures and high soil moisture content.
Pythium is most prevalent when rapeseed is planted late.
Pythium is one of the fungal agents that cause replant disease in apple.
Pythium is the most important damping-off fungus.
Pythium rot is most severe in poorly drained soils.
Pythium survives by producing resistant structures called oospores in dead roots.
Pythium survives indefinitely in soil by producing oospores.
Pythium typically attacks the root tips first and then progresses upward within the root system.
Pythiums are funguses.
Pythium usually attacks roots from the ends or tips, causing a soft, brown rotting as it progresses.
Pythium usually causes little reduction in yields.
Python code is often cross-platform, after all.
Python code is used to illustrate and test the algorithm.
Python proficiency is desired.
Python proficiency is required.
Python snakes live for years.
Most python snakes live for years.
A python is a boa
Python isa boa.
Pythons are a big problem in Florida.
Pythons are a family of snakes.
Pythons are a sub-family of the Family Boidae, or boas.
Pythons are a yellowish green color when they are young and turn darker green as they mature.
Pythons are able to swallow their prey whole because of their hinged jaws.
Pythons are animals.
Pythons are boas.
Pythons are cold-blooded animals, but they can increase their body temperature through sunbathing.
Pythons are constrictors.
Pythons are constrictors.
Pythons are fairly docile creatures, even in the wild.
Pythons are good climbers and have prehensile tails.
Pythons are in fact rather slow animals if moving is about travelling from one place to another.
Pythons are indigenous to Africa, Asia and Australia.
Pythons are individuals and they each behave differently.
Pythons are largely ambush hunters and they feed on vertebrate prey.
Pythons are more closely related to boas than to any other snake family.
Pythons are mostly 'ambush hunters' that lunge at passing animals from a hiding place.
Pythons are non-venomous constrictors found in tropical and subtropical Asia, Africa, and Australia.
Pythons are now a purse and belt.
Pythons are one of the largest snakes.
Pythons are oviparous, meaning it produces eggs, which develop and hatch outside the body.
Pythons are present in the park in large number.
Pythons are programming language.
Pythons are reptiles without limbs.
Pythons are reptiles.
Pythons are roller coasters.
Pythons are snakes.
Pythons are spirit.
Pythons are the largest species of snake in Africa.
Pythons are tracked daily for a few days after release, and then tracked by plane once a week.
Pythons are weapons.
Pythons attack prey.
Pythons attack their prey from the ambush.
Pythons can be difficult to find and watch long enough to learn their habits.
Pythons can kill their prey in minutes and they swallow their food whole.
Pythons compete with native species like the American alligator for food and resource s.
Pythons consume mammals.
Pythons digest food.
Pythons eat animals.
Pythons eat prey.
Pythons eat rats.
Pythons eat rodents.
Pythons eat snakes.
Pythons enjoy meals.
Pythons feed on a variety of birds and mammals.
Pythons feed on food.
Pythons feed on young aardvarks as well.
Pythons find active way of foraging.
Pythons have (part) brains.
Pythons have (part) breasts.
Pythons have (part) cell membranes.
Pythons have (part) cells.
Pythons have (part) chest cavities.
Pythons have (part) chests.
Pythons have (part) corpi.
Pythons have (part) cytoplasm.
Pythons have (part) ears.
Pythons have (part) faces.
Pythons have (part) heads.
Pythons have (part) nuclei.
Pythons have (part) pedal extremities.
Pythons have (part) plasma membranes.
Pythons have (part) rib cages.
Pythons have (part) sections.
Pythons have (part) skulls.
Pythons have (part) sterna.
Pythons have (part) vacuoles.
Pythons have (part) vertebrate feet.
Pythons have a supra-orbital bone and premaxillary teeth.
Pythons have eyes.
Pythons have four rows of teeth in their upper jaw.
Pythons have heads.
Pythons have jaws.
Pythons have life.
Pythons have long life.
Pythons have long reproductive life.
Pythons have lower jaws.
Pythons have lungs.
Pythons have meals.
Pythons have no venom and use their strong bodies to immobilise their victims.
Pythons have one more bone in their head than boas do and some additional teeth.
Pythons have organs.
Pythons have physiology.
Pythons have predators.
Pythons have ranges.
Pythons have reproductive life.
Pythons have reputations.
Pythons have sensory organs.
Pythons have triangular heads.
Pythons have upper jaws.
Pythons identify prey.
Pythons kill animals.
Pythons kill by constriction, crushing their prey.
Pythons kill prey animals.
Pythons kill prey.
Pythons lay eggs with leathery shells.
Pythons lay eggs, unlike boa constrictors.
Pythons like to eat warm-blooded prey and they also consume crocodiles and iguanas.
Pythons live in areas.
Pythons live in the tropical areas of Africa and Asia.
Pythons live mainly on the ground, but they are also excellent swimmers and climbers.
Pythons metabolize prey to fuel the response to feeding.
Pythons prey on birds and other reptiles, but they prefer small mammals, such as rats.
Pythons rely on smell.
Pythons slowly squeeze their prey and it suffocates to death or dies of fright.
Pythons still have little spurs at the rear of the body where their legs used to be.
Pythons strike with incredible velocity and kill their prey by constriction.
Pythons suck their prey from a distance.
Pythons survive for years.
Pythons swallow animals.
Pythons swallow prey.
Pythons typically stay in a camouflaged position and then suddenly strike.
All pythons are constrictors, and none are venemous.
All pythons are constrictors.
All pythons are non-venomous carnivores as they kill their prey by constriction.
All pythons have heat-sensitive pits located on their upper lips that detect the body heat of prey.
Most pythons attack prey.
Most pythons consume mammals.
Most pythons digest food.
Most pythons eat animals.
Most pythons eat prey.
Most pythons eat rats.
Most pythons eat rodents.
Most pythons eat snakes.
Most pythons enjoy meals.
Most pythons feed on food.
Most pythons have eyes.
Most pythons have heads.
Most pythons have jaws.
Most pythons have life.
Most pythons have long life.
Most pythons have long reproductive life.
Most pythons have lower jaws.
Most pythons have lungs.
Most pythons have meals.
Most pythons have organs.
Most pythons have physiology.
Most pythons have ranges.
Most pythons have reproductive life.
Most pythons have reputations.
Most pythons have sensory organs.
Most pythons have triangular heads.
Most pythons have upper jaws.
Most pythons identify prey.
Most pythons kill animals.
Most pythons kill prey animals.
Most pythons kill prey.
Most pythons live in areas.
Most pythons rely on smell.
Most pythons survive for years.
Some pythons ambush prey.
Some pythons are different, many ball pythons, for instance, like eating hamsters instead of mice.
Some pythons become monsters.
Some pythons break bones.
Some pythons catch prey.
Some pythons eat adult mice.
Some pythons eat alligators.
Some pythons eat bugs.
Some pythons eat goats.
Some pythons eat mice.
Some pythons eat porcupines.
Some pythons escape cages.
Some pythons escape from cages.
Some pythons feed on lizards.
Some pythons have ages.
Some pythons have capability.
Some pythons have claws.
Some pythons have cloacas.
Some pythons have difficulty.
Some pythons have enemies.
Some pythons have natural enemies.
Some pythons have natural predators.
Some pythons have predators.
Some pythons have sides.
Some pythons live for decades.
Some pythons live in rainforests.
Some pythons reach maturity.
Some pythons reach reproductive maturity.
Some pythons reach sexual maturity.
Pyxis receipts are to be disposed in confidential trash.
A pyxis is a box
Pyxis arachnoides ssp.
Q b uses a different conservative mechanism.
Q matrices show the estimates of similarities among individuals.
Q o is the initial angular displacement.
Q p are also lcag's for each prime p .
Q Q is a measurement of how much the equalizer band affects a range of frequencies.
Q Q is for query replace.
Q Q Returns the number of characters remaining in an input record.
Q values become anomalously high when analysis appreaches the water bottom.
A q is a letter
Q adds prep.
Q are quiz grades.
Q arrives shortly after they begin.
Q be a list of all variables in N except the query variable Q .
Q brings on another full-time staff.
Q Can daily fishing trips visit more than one location.
Q claims to be the 'first museum of architecture solely in cyberspace'.
Q claims to be the world's greatest music magazine and is the hands-down king of information.
Q defines an interprocess communication model common to both languages.
Q discloses real concerns.
Q follows strict project management methodologies to take a project from conception to completion.
Q guesses the attendance correctly.
Q indicates questions and P denotes problems at the end of each chapter.
Q IS FOR DUCK .
Q is obscure.
Q isa symbol.
Q Let r be the distance from the center of the spherical shell to the closed surface.
Q looks at data, makes decision.
Q Put the name of the spool queue into the job file.
Q puts humanity on trial for being barbarians.
Q Removes the cursor and aborts a sub-integral selection process.
Q represents charge and is also preserved.
Q represents that it is a print queue.
Q represents the maximum achievable airflow with the fan in free air.
Q reverses order of letters.
Q shows up and provides the needed light.
Q simply means the most common datum that sums all other data.
Q speaks and then freezes.
Q stands for dynamic pressure.
Q stands for quality of pain.
Q stands for question and involves turning each heading into a question to be answered.
Q stands for quixotic.
Q varies when using liquid measures.
Q varies with frequency.
Q wins the mound game.
Qs are letters.
Qs are magazines.
Qs are part of alphabets.
Qs are part of h.
Qaat production is now crucial to the Ethiopian economy, ranking third after coffee.
Qabous starts visit to Egypt today.
Qadiani leader admits exaggeration in number.
A qat is a stimulant
QATs are proof positive of the power of our continuous improvement.
Qatal verbs are typically dynamic involving some sort of action.
Qatar isa thing.
Qatari men wear a thobe , a long white shirt over loose pants.
QBasic documentation is available.
QBasic graphics are hard to use effectively.
QCIP criteria are too lenient.
QDI circuits are the most conservative asynchronous circuits in terms of the use of delays.
Many QF facilities are off-line because of the high price of natural gas.
QFHS members have varied research interests.
All Qhull errors report the last point added.
Qian tan zuohao yin qi duizhang gongzuo.
QIEU members receive valuable benefits at a discounted price.
Qigong treatment differs very much from western treatment.
QIMR scientists work very hard to make a difference.
QPSF staff create the account based on the emailed information.
QPSF staff verify the client is bona fide, and configure the account for continued activation.
QRS wave occurs prior to ventricular contraction.
All qs values are therefore specific to a given resource.
Qscan detectors are a definite threat though and someone has a anti- qscan qscan, whatever that is.
QSDI input allows high speed data transfer at four times normal speed.
QSM tools are an industry best practice.
Quack grass is a common host.
Quack grass is a wheat-grass
Quack grass is tough to keep in check.
Quack grass produces many underground stems almost impossible to remove by digging.
A quack is a charlatan
A quack is a doctor
Quack isa doc.
Quack isa doctor.
Quack isa individual.
Quack isa person.
Quack isa physician.
Quack isa somebody.
Quack isa someone.
Quacks are doctors.
Quacks are easy to recognize.
Quacks are everywhere, promoting the worst possible outcomes.
Quacks are healers.
Quacks are sound.
Quacks can be sincere and misguided individuals, as well as charlatans and frauds.
Quacks claim gentle, trivial regimens which always help, and never supposedly fail.
Quacks claim to be persecuted and misunderstood.
Quacks discourage people from making the difficult adjustment by reinforcing their denial.
Quacks have (part) adult bodies.
Quacks have (part) arms.
Quacks have (part) body substances.
Quacks have (part) cell membranes.
Quacks have (part) cells.
Quacks have (part) cytoplasm.
Quacks have (part) heads.
Quacks have (part) legs.
Quacks have (part) necks.
Quacks have (part) nuclei.
Quacks have (part) personality.
Quacks have (part) plasma membranes.
Quacks have (part) sections.
Quacks have (part) vacuoles.
Quacks have an arsenal of ploys for defending themselves against criticism.
Quacks love such questions.
Quacks promise quick and easy results.
Quacks try to appear trustworthy by having well-known athletes promote their product.
Quacks often prescribe homeopathy , a make believe cure for a make believe disease.
Many quacks do such a good job of exuding sincerity that their explanations seem all too plausible.
Some quacks even get followers to fight against laws to control health fraud.
Some quacks get habits.
Some quacks kill patients.
A quackgrass is a wheat-grass
Quackgrass acts as a host for various pests.
Quackgrass is a strongly rhizomatous, sod-forming, perennial grass.
Quackgrass is difficult to control, and a limited number of control methods are available.
Quackgrass is fairly drought tolerant and it can withstand high quantities of salt.
Quackgrass is less aggressive in hot temperatures.
Quackgrass is native to Europe and Western Asia.
Quackgrass is often present when the time comes to remove alfalfa from the rotation.
Quackgrass is one the most troublesome perennial grassy weeds in our lawns.
Quackgrass is very good at what it does, so persistence is the key to managing it.
Quackgrass produces long sharp tipped aggressive rhizomes.
Quackgrass spreads through a lawn by underground structures called rhizomes.
Quackgrass spreads very quickly, while bromegrass and fescue spread more slowly.
Quackgrass stands erect and can have many tillers.
Quackgrass often invades aging alfalfa stands.
Quack-quack isa duck.
Quack-quacks have (part) air sacs.
Quack-quacks have (part) bird's feet.
Quack-quacks have (part) brains.
Quack-quacks have (part) breasts.
Quack-quacks have (part) cell membranes.
Quack-quacks have (part) cells.
Quack-quacks have (part) chest cavities.
Quack-quacks have (part) chests.
Quack-quacks have (part) corpi.
Quack-quacks have (part) cytoplasm.
Quack-quacks have (part) ears.
Quack-quacks have (part) faces.
Quack-quacks have (part) flight feathers.
Quack-quacks have (part) heads.
Quack-quacks have (part) lips.
Quack-quacks have (part) mouths.
Quack-quacks have (part) nuclei.
Quack-quacks have (part) plasma membranes.
Quack-quacks have (part) quill feathers.
Quack-quacks have (part) rib cages.
Quack-quacks have (part) second joints.
Quack-quacks have (part) sections.
Quack-quacks have (part) skulls.
Quack-quacks have (part) sterna.
Quack-quacks have (part) talons.
Quack-quacks have (part) vacuoles.
Quack-quacks have (part) wishbones.
Quad City DJs Includes biography, discography, and message board.
Quad City plays host to Tennessee Valley tonight in the Arena Cup.
A quad is a sib
Quad isa muscle.
Quads are also able to have alarms bring one camera up full screen.
Quads are also dipoles.
Quads are an excellent antenna, and ideally suited to smaller premises.
Quads are areas.
Quads are available in different series, or levels of detail.
Quads are basically motorcycles with four wheels.
Quads are different.
Quads are less vulnerable to lightning strikes and static then a yagi.
Quads are more expensive than switchers.
Quads are popular because they often feature different artwork from the U.S. poster.
Quads are types.
Quads generally copulate.
Quads have (part) cell membranes.
Quads have (part) corpi.
Quads have (part) cytoplasm.
Quads have (part) lobes.
Quads have (part) myofibril.
Quads have (part) nuclei.
Quads have (part) plasma membranes.
Quads have (part) sections.
Quads have (part) vacuoles.
Quads have one window in each room and a window in the study area.
Quads report their findings.
Quads require four positions for each connection and triangles three.
Quads then control the joystick by moving the arm.
Quads use two bowls each and trebles use three bowls each.
Some quads are disability accessible, so please note if one is required.
Some quads are part of laps.
Some quads are part of legs.
Some quads are part of thighs.
Some quads are partial color and black and white.
Some quads have good traction.
Some quads have ten foot instead of five foot contours.
Some quads have traction.
A quadrangle is a figure
Quadrangles are the main structures inside hutongs.
Quadrangles show the deduced source locations of the first elves luminosity in each photometer.
Quadrangles show the return section along the firebreak.
Some quadrangles have multiple citations because they overlap into different counties.
Quadrant counts provide abundance estimates for small fishes which live in the reef interstices.
Quadrant crossover occurs.
A quadrant is a line
Quadrants are angles.
Quadrants are areas.
Quadrants are lines.
Quadrants are regions of the plane relative to the origin.
Quadrants represent alternative outcomes concerning fitness trade-offs.
All quadrants noise sensitive.
Every quadrant tested is centred on an observation, but the example above shows a counter example.
Quadratic bricks are often the best elements for a given problem.
Quadratic congruences appear in the theory of exceptional bundles on and .
Quadratic Curve Fitting Perhaps the most fundamental polynomial is the quadratic equation.
Quadratic elements have six nodes per element, rather than three.
A quadratic equation is an equation
Quadratic equations are the first building block on the road to higher mathematics.
Quadratic equations form the basic foundation for mathematical literacy in calculus and algebra.
Quadratic functions are very important in mathematics.
Quadratic functions play a special role in trying to optimize functions of many variables.
Every quadratic function has a vertex and a vertical axis of symmetry .
Every quadratic function has a vertex and a vertical axis of symmetry.
Every quadratic function has either a local maximum or local minimum.
Quadratic interpolation is used to determine the output values.
Quadratic interpolation is used.
Quadratic pictures are also beautiful.
Quadratic programming is more computationally demanding than linear programming.
Quadratic terms appear as well for the case of a pair of pure imaginary eigenvalues.
Quadratic trends suggest a significant but nonlinear trend in the data over time.
A quadratic is polynomial
Quadratics is a term in mathematics which simply describes curves and circles.
Quadratojugal bone is absent.
A quadrature is construction
Quadrature is a generalist mathematical quarterly for students and amateur mathematicians.
Quadrature is a two player strategy game.
Quadratures are construction.
Some quadrature fails to meet the requested tolerance.
Quadric is a curve
Quadrics render much faster and are less error-prone but produce less complex objects.
Quadrics render much faster and are less error-prone.
Quadriceps are on the front of the knee, and hamstrings are on the back of the knee.
Quadriceps serve as a synergists muscle if knees are bent slightly during stretch.
Quadriceps stretch .
Quadricortical fixation is contraindicated in humeral nonunions associated with active infection.
Quadrilateral applet Draws a random quadrilateral without crossing sides.
A quadrilateral is a figure
Quadrilaterals are polygons.
All quadrilaterals can tile a plane by themselves.
All quadrilaterals have four angles.
All quadrilaterals have four sides.
Quadrille is dance music
Quadrille is dressage ridden by four people simoultaneously.
A quadrillion is a large integer
Quadrillion also offers on-site training in data analysis techniques.
Quadrillion produces yield-enhancing software.
A quadriplegic is a handicapped person
Quadriplegics actually use swimming a lot of times as an exercise.
Quadriplegics are handicapped people.
Quadriplegics often die prematurely from multiple organ failure.
Any quadriplegic using a manual wheelchair is eligible to play.
Some quadriplegics can use a motorized mouth-operated style of scissor.
Quadroon means that the boy, around five years of age, was of one-quarter African heritage.
A quadruped is a tetrapod
Quadrupeds are animals with four feet, such as cows.
Quadrupeds are animals.
Quadrupeds are tetrapods.
Many quadrupeds have no corticospinal tract, or only a rudimentary one.
Quadrupedal locomotion provides multi-terrain capability.
Most quadrupedal primates are arboreal but terrestrial quadrupedalism is also common.
A quadruple is a product
Quadruple break palm for easy break in.
Quadruple charge on processing and per image fees.
Quadruple check the spelling.
Quadruple click on a paragraph and observe what happens.
Quadruple space down and begin typing the corrections in the same format as the thesis.
Quadruple turret with precision click stops.
A quadruplet is a sib
Quadruplets are rare.
Quadruplings are multiplication.
Quaduple bonds form when cetain metallic elements form coordinate bonds with ligands.
Quahog clams live in the mud and sand bottom of the bay, usually three or four inches deep.
A quahog is a clam
Quahog shell with purple is found almost exclusively in estuaries between Long Island and Maine.
Quahog works best with easily parallelizable jobs that complete in an hour or two.
Quahogs are best for chowders.
Quahogs are clams.
Quahogs are hard shelled clams.
Quahogs are mollusks, a family that also includes mussels, oysters and clams.
Quahogs are size-classed by cherrystones, littlenecks, chowders, etc.
Quahogs just require a quick rinse under cold water to clean the outer shell.
Quahogs live from the tide line to the bottom of bays and coves.
Quahogs make excellent chowder, clam cakes, stuffed clams, and clam sauce for pasta.
Quahogs symbolize money, especially old money as opposed to newly made.
Most quahogs have some purple in their shells.
Quail bronchitis occurs seasonally as new hatches and broods come along each year.
Quail broods are small though generally distributed in South Texas.
Quail chicks require herbaceous plants spaced far enough apart to provide travel corridors.
Quail chicks require weedy areas that are open underneath with plenty of bare ground.
Quail earrings are exquisite .
Quail eggs are all different in appearance, being speckled and mottled.
Quail eggs are smaller than chicken eggs, but they are usually stronger.
Quail eggs are tiny and possess a delicate flavor valued by gourmets.
Quail families scuttle past, and a small herd of javelinas looks for prickly pear.
Quail hunters bring blaze orange vest and har.
Many quail hunters like to hunt from jeeps or specially rigged pickup trucks.
Many quail hunters use their own dogs.
Quail meat is delicious.
Quail numbers are down, though.
Quail numbers are generally fair.
Quail season is here.
Quail tissue is shown in red, neurons appear as bright green.
Quail Valley is proof of the growing market.
A quail is a game bird
Quail chicks use calls to communicate with each other and their mother from inside their eggs.
Quail disturbs the people stupefied by television.
Quail offer one of the most pleasurable outdoor sporting experiences.
Quail scratch poorly and are impeded by extremely dense vegetation.
Quails are birds.
Quails are extremely popular game birds.
Quails are part of quails.
Quails are ready for market in seven to seven and a half weeks.
Quails are some of the most extraordinary pleasures for delicate palates.
Quails destroy injurious insects and seeds of weeds, upon which they largely feed.
Quails eat seeds, berries and insects.
Quails have an uncanny sense of their surroundings, and are masters at eluding predators.
Quails have their own home security system.
Quails travel in groups called coveys.
Quaint apartment is in great condition.
Quaint chapel has affordable packages.
Quaint homes cover the hillside offering spectacular views of the Pacific.
Quaint inn stays, great meals, professional guides and spectacular scenery.
Quaint pavilions provide shelter to visitors.
Quaint resistance redirects rabid spy's suspicious scheming towards tougher tactics.
Quaint restaurants offer great southern cooking.
Quaint setting adds charm to a wonderful weekend of reenacting.
Quaint towns feature art galleries, shops, restaurants and charming inns.
Some quake aspen occurs in habitats.
Some quake aspen produces seeds.
Some quake aspen provides food.
Some quake aspen requires intense sunlight.
Some quake aspen requires sunlight.
Quake engine can give.
Quake games don t even have a consistent theme.
Quake Lake is located in Madison County.
Quake War is here.
A quake is a natural phenomenon
Quake answer Many earthquakes happen in regions where plates meet together.
Quake based games seem to be good, but the lack of adjustments is a problem for other games.
Quake comes closest but really had no story line at all.
Quake continues the tradition of violent mayhem against the innocent denizens of the underworld.
Quake does now work without changing that one item in the confiq folder.
Quake follows that exact model, with a few twists.
Quake hits Midwest, is felt here.
Quake is a first person shooter done right.
Quake is a game of violence, But it is just a game.
Quake is a game that was designed with pure genious, and is the most adaptable game on the market.
Quake is a little prettier.
Quake is a sacred thing to be shared between two people.
Quake is a shareware game .
Quake is a shareware game.
Quake is a spectator sport.
Quake is a unique playing experience in and of itself.
Quake is a very customizable game.
Quake is an engine that works off of polygons.
Quake is an example of great insight into user gratification.
Quake is binary only, and RH is trying to distribute only open stuff.
Quake is fast and has low system requirements.
Quake is fear, excitement, blood.
Quake is for wimps.
Quake is fun.
Quake is gothic in nature.
Quake is life.
Quake is no longer the preeminent force in the world of deathmatch.
Quake is now available internationally as well.
Quake is one of the first games to have built-in software to let it run over the Net.
Quake is one of the most popular games on the net.
Quake is one of the most time-destroying computer games ever invented.
Quake is One.
Quake is really cool.
Quake is still quite entertaining to look at even today.
Quake is the game to have, a masterpiece, without equal.
Quake is the king of extendibility.
Quake is the most played game on the Internet, and still gaining ground.
Quake is the single most amazing phenomena on the internet.
Quake is up and running.
Quake is very dark and large in nature.
Quake is, admittedly, a somewhat guilty pleasure.
Quake isa phenomenon.
Quake just doesnt get old.
Quake never references the original wadfiles.
Quake offers competitive compensation and benefits and generous early-stage stock options.
Quake overflows with dark, occultic themes.
Quake requires a floating point processor.
Quake runs really nice now.
Quake runs smoothly at the largest video setting with the most details, etc.
Quake still has the best weapons of any of the series.
Quake works with various developers who have designed custom solutions out of our product line.
Quakes are video games.
Quakes bring a lot of misery.
Quakes cause waves.
Quakes devastate places.
Quakes generate massive waves.
Quakes generate tsunamis.
Quakes generate waves.
Quakes happen a few seconds later and nearby are just echos of the true quake.
Quakes happen when faults slip.
Quakes have depth.
Quakes here occur along internal faults, or weaknesses in the Earth's crust.
Quakes inspire new studies - Risk index determined .
Quakes occur on the Earth , and the people encounter Pitfalls there.
Quakes release energy.
Quakes result in injuries.
Quakes shakeup Greek and Turkish relations.
Quakes strike suddenly, without warning.
Quakes trigger avalanches.
Quakes trigger landslide.
Quakes trigger small landslide.
Quakes turn out to be more capricious than scientists had thought.
Most quakes cause waves.
Most quakes generate massive waves.
Most quakes generate tsunamis.
Most quakes generate waves.
Most quakes have depth.
Most quakes result in injuries.
Most quakes strike the edges of plates, where they collide and grind against each other.
Most quakes trigger small landslide.
Some quakes create tsunamis.
Some quakes destroy cities.
Some quakes destroy pipes.
Some quakes destroy water pipes.
Quaker Lake is private property.
Quaker meetings are pretty cool, too.
Quaker meetings have no leader.
Quaker parakeets are extremely noisy and quite mean.
Quaker parakeets are hard-wired to construct elaborate nests, complete with individual apartments.
Quaker parrots are especially prone to accidents in the home, including flying away.
Quaker parrots are smart, good talkers and fun pets.
A quaker is a coward
Quaker has customers in Chile.
Quaker is a large worldwide marketer of foods and beverages.
Quaker is a religion.
Quaker is pleased.
Quaker is truly a different kind of company.
Quaker provides a full range of metalworking products.
Quaker recognizes that they can build a better team when everyone speaks the same language.
Quaker regularly acquires and liquidates large positions.
Quaker says bagged cereal line is 'catching on' among shoppers.
Quaker says no fat.
Quaker serves customers almost everywhere in the world.
Quaker specializes in small to medium size high alloy steel castings.
Quakers also have a long standing interest in international education and international relations.
Quakers also is the nickname for the sports teams at the public high school.
Quakers are a good example.
Quakers are a nonviolent lot.
Quakers are a passionate people.
Quakers are a worshipping community under divine guidance.
Quakers are active birds with quite the outgoing personality.
Quakers are active in peace, education, and social welfare movements.
Quakers are alive and teaching . . .
Quakers are all of the above and much more.
Quakers are also fearless birds.
Quakers are amazing at disassembling things, check the clapper often to ensure it is still secure.
Quakers are bad coffee beans.
Quakers are behaviorally predictable and respond dependably to common behavioral techniques.
Quakers are by no means brilliant in colorization, but they make up for it in personality.
Quakers are christians.
Quakers are cowards.
Quakers are especially active in peace work, human rights and social reform.
Quakers are essentially non-violent and committed to peaceful resolution to conflict.
Quakers are far from being only mimics.
Quakers are friends.
Quakers Are Funny .
Quakers are highly intelligent animals.
Quakers are intelligent, comical and engaging birds.
Quakers are legendary talkers.
Quakers are no exception.
Quakers are nonviolent and for peace.
Quakers are notorious for being cage possessive.
Quakers are pacifists and forbidden from bearing arms.
Quakers are people that believe in the good of all people.
Quakers are prolific and easy breeders.
Quakers are prone to workaholism.
Quakers are really friendly.
Quakers are religious witnesses for peace and justice.
Quakers are serious people.
Quakers are strongly opposed to war and violence of any form.
Quakers are the oddballs.
Quakers are very smart.
Quakers are very territorial about their cage.
Quakers are, after all, peacekeepers.
Quakers aspire to values which are profoundly spiritual as well as political and social.
Quakers believe in the worth of every person.
Quakers believe it is possible - and in today's world vital.
Quakers believe no one sees the whole truth, but individuals see only part of the truth.
Quakers believe that a religion is a way of life.
Quakers call it the still small voice within.
Quakers can talk.
Quakers cover the full range.
Quakers do attract like-minded others'.
Quakers do believe in liberty and justice for all.
Quakers emphasize equality in race, gender, etc.
Quakers focus on reducing human suffering, especially that caused by social injustice or violence.
Quakers have a long tradition supporting integrity and equity in trade relationships.
Quakers have lots of energy.
Quakers have no dogma or creed.
Quakers have no dogmas or creeds.
Quakers have no ordained ministers, and all share responsibility for the ministry.
Quakers have no organized governing board.
Quakers have one of the richest vocabularies of any religious group around.
Quakers here do handel men and they handel there ye cattle.
Quakers learn faster than conures.
Quakers love it and it is much more effective than yelling.
Quakers make web-pages.
Quakers oppose the use of creeds.
Quakers ought to understand that controversy.
Quakers place less emphasis on theology than many other religious groups.
Quakers profess a theocratic understanding of authority.
Quakers regard all life as sacramental and observe no special sacraments.
Quakers seek it instead of declaring the truth.
Quakers talk and pray and talk again, until there is a sense of unity.
Quakers tend to be an accepting group, celebrating diversity.
Quakers tend to be part of the first group.
Quakers think that the truth is very important .
Quakers think that the truth is very important.
Quakers try to be consistent in word and deed.
Quakers utilize a voteless decision-making process which relies on reaching religious unity.
Quakers welcome gay people to their congregations.
Quakers work for the equality and acceptance of all people who face discrimination in society.
Quakers work to live our faith on a daily basis.
Quakers worship in stillness without ritual and have no outward sacraments.
Quakers usually begin to produce in mid-spring and continue well into the summer months.
Quakers usually follow a two-fold strategy.
Many Quakers sing songs and pick up extensive vocabularies.
Most Quakers are also committed to promoting social justice and international peace.
Most Quakers are very social.
Most Quakers learn to talk at about six months.
Quakes games are perfect for sales goals, incentives, and rewards.
Quaking aspen are a preferred elk browse plant.
Quaking aspen can live in many different habitats.
Quaking aspen can produce clones which are genetically the same as their parents.
Quaking aspen can send out underground stems for asexual reproduction.
Quaking aspen has the most extensive growing range of any tree specie in North America.
Quaking aspen is a good example.
Quaking aspen is a major cover type in North America.
Quaking aspen is also abundant on sunnier exposures and near the forest's lower elevational limit.
Quaking aspen is America's liveliest tree.
Quaking aspen is an aggressive pioneer.
Quaking aspen is an important associate throughout the more mesic montane conifer forests.
Quaking aspen is an important tree on recreation sites and is also useful to wildlife.
Quaking aspen is aspen
Quaking aspen is aspen.
Quaking aspen is common in mixed conifer forests of New Mexico, Arizona, and California.
Quaking aspen is distributed fairly continuously in the East.
Quaking aspen is likely the ultimate clonal organism among vascular plants.
Quaking aspen is one of our most important trees for game species.
Quaking aspen is one of the most widely distributed trees in North America.
Quaking aspen is the dominant tree species presently.
Quaking aspen is the most widely distributed tree in North America.
Quaking aspen is the most widely distributed tree species in North America.
Quaking aspen is the primary food of ruffed grouse throughout most of their range.
Quaking aspen is the primary species harvested.
Quaking aspen is used as a nurse crop for more valuable timber species.
Quaking aspen is used by beavers to build dams and is their principal food.
Quaking oval leaves, soon to die, in the tender orange light.
QualifaX printing is designed to accommodate the needs of students and of schools.
Qualifed candidates are in and out of the job market in days.
Qualification requirements are also less restrictive.
Qualification requirements are subject to change so please check.
Qualification requirements vary according to classification.
Qualification requirements vary according to industry.
Qualification requirements vary depending on the position.
Qualification requirements vary from firm to firm.
Qualification testing is included.
A qualification is a fitness
Qualification begins in the month in which the account is added.
Qualification consists of satisfying all the requirements of each degree in mathematics.
Qualification depends on international bouts at continental tournaments.
Qualification includes consideration of spouse income and the total family size.
Qualification includes meeting the definition of dependent under the plan.
Qualification is accumulative score horse and rider team.
Qualification is an essential prerequisite for achieving support for research.
Qualification is an indication of competency.
Qualification is approved by a committee review.
Qualification is approved by a committee.
Qualification is at the fixed starting rate, allowing for qualification for greater loan amounts.
Qualification is based on an average number of votes each day.
Qualification is based on an examination.
Qualification is based on assessment of all available information.
Qualification is based on completeness.
Qualification is based on income and family size.
Qualification is based on outstanding social achievement, usually in the arts and sciences.
Qualification is based on size of home, income and number of family members.
Qualification is based on the school's written business plan.
Qualification is based on the size and income of the student's family.
Qualification is based on their backgrounds.
Qualification is certified by successful completion of a comprehensive examination.
Qualification is contingent upon demonstrated prior military experience attained by veterans.
Qualification is dependent on availability of titles ordered.
Qualification is determined by a credentials committee.
Qualification is determined by a formula based on federal poverty standards.
Qualification is determined by publisher.
Qualification is determined by test scores and faculty recommendation.
Qualification is determined each year by the social worker.
Qualification is determined mainly by family income and the age of children to be insured.
Qualification is easier than conventional loans.
Qualification is easy.
Qualification is every quarter.
Qualification is given the predominant weight.
Qualification is just the beginning.
Qualification is made up of a few pieces.
Qualification is Ph.D. in Horticulture.
Qualification is required each year.
Qualification is required.
Qualification is the same as common law couples.
Qualification isa fitness.
Qualification occurs early on before valuable resources are expended.
Qualification occurs in the sixth semester.
Qualification rounds Two rounds of qualification are performed with all entering teams.
Qualification starts with the lowest ranked nations taking part in elimination pool matches.
Qualification takes place later in the day.
Qualification vary, but generally relate to age, ownership, residency, disability, income or assets.
Qualification works both ways.
Qualifications are a degree in journalism, public relations or related field.
Qualifications are a law degree and admission to the bar.
Qualifications are a major factor.
Qualifications are a Ph.D. and evidence of excellence in teaching and scholarship.
Qualifications are a summary of training, experience, registration and contributions.
Qualifications are an important factor in screening job applicants.
Qualifications are as follows.
Qualifications are attention to detail and previous cash handling required.
Qualifications are available under the Public Services Training Package.
Qualifications are camp staff experience, youth program experience and some supervisory experience.
Qualifications are difficult to judge from diplomas.
Qualifications are essential for most careers.
Qualifications are few, simple but important.
Qualifications are fitnesses.
Qualifications are minimum of a bachelors in computer science or masters in computer science.
Qualifications are minimum standards that can guide employers in their decision making.
Qualifications are minimum to obtain visa for work in Korea.
Qualifications are much clearer in well-prepared applications.
Qualifications are relative to the position.
Qualifications are revisions.
Qualifications are rigorous for the health and safety of our patients.
Qualifications are strict and the required paperwork can take months to process.
Qualifications are subject to change without notice.
Qualifications are successful experience and a good track record.
Qualifications are the ability to alphabetize, follow instructions, work quickly and accurately.
Qualifications are the same as for men.
Qualifications are the same as for the original election.
Qualifications are what the employer is consciously looking for.
Qualifications Be a United States citizen.
Qualifications Be an academy member.
Qualifications Be an advocate for the Licking Park District.
Qualifications Be clear and concise.
Qualifications come with the name mother.
Qualifications consist of a BS in Engineering, the sciences, or equivalent.
Qualifications cover more than technical proficiency, also, including judgment and integrity.
Qualifications differ for technical positions.
Qualifications do apply.
Qualifications Doctorate in education or psychology, with an emphasis in educational psychology.
Qualifications Earned doctorate in counseling, counseling psychology or closely-related field.
Qualifications Earned doctorate is required.
Qualifications Experience with and knowledge of accounting policies and procedures.
Qualifications Find out what it takes to be a part of the best expedited fleet in North America.
Qualifications Finding the right broker takes some homework.
Qualifications Have fours years work experience writing, editing and producing advertising copy.
Qualifications issued in each sector reflect the basic aims of each sector.
Qualifications listed below serve mainly as guidelines.
Qualifications Ph.D. in agricultural economics, economics, management, or related field.
Qualifications Ph.D. in agricultural economics, economics, marketing, management, or related field.
Qualifications Ph.D. in agricultural economics, economics, or related field.
Qualifications Ph.D. in biological, physical, or chemical sciences.
Qualifications Ph.D. in computational chemistry.
Qualifications Ph.D. in electrical engineering with specialization in communication system.
Qualifications Ph.D. in Epidemiology preferred.
Qualifications Ph.D. in rhetoric and composition or related field required.
Qualifications Ph.D. in rural sociology, sociology, or related field.
Qualifications Possess sound background and understanding of research methods and process.
Qualifications preferred are a knowledge and experience in teaching basic work skills.
Qualifications provide independent and objective verification of a body of skills and understanding.
Qualifications range from babysitting to education majors, or prior exp.
Qualifications range from certificates through to doctorates.
Qualifications regarding participation by physicians applies to dentists as well.
Qualifications require a minimum of a bachelor's degree.
Qualifications require a Ph.D. degree or equivalent with research experience.
Qualifications require the candidate to pass a clerical test.
Qualifications require the sucessful completion of a university degree.
Qualifications Required Has time and employer commitment necessary to fulfill office.
Qualifications Requires good communication skills and basic computer literacy.
Qualifications There are many degree programs that prepare individuals to be couples therapists.
Qualifications There are many words to describe our employees.
Qualifications There are no education requirements.
Qualifications used in student selection are attendance, attitude, academic promise and interest.
Qualifications vary according to course.
Qualifications vary according to internship.
Qualifications vary according to position.
Qualifications vary according to the program.
Qualifications vary by state.
Qualifications vary depending on position.
Qualifications vary depending on the position.
Qualifications vary depending on the type of scholarship.
Qualifications vary from design firm to design firm.
Qualifications vary from program to program.
Qualifications vary from state to state so it is best to inquire at each college individually.
Qualifications vary from university to university.
Qualifications vary with each program.
Qualifications vary with respect to the objectives of each program.
Qualifications View the recent qualifications of our founder.
Qualifications usually fall into the categories of education and experience.
All qualifications are subject to verification prior to employment.
Some qualification is needed here.
Some qualifications apply, for more information . . .
Some qualifications apply.
Some qualifications are in order, of course.
Some qualifications are in order.
Some qualifications do apply.
Some qualifications receive more applications than the number of places available.
Qualifications framework needs to be agreed upon.
Qualified acceptance is a third view.
Qualified accounts can call their orders directly to the trading pit.
Qualified accountants have a wide range of choices.
Qualified affiliates have the opportunity to make residual earnings.
Qualified agencies can receive monthly billing for large contracts.
Qualified applicants are eligible for a broad range of multi-year full scholarship packages.
Qualified applicants are eligible for available fellowships and assistantships.
Qualified applicants are eligible for college credit.
Qualified applicants are eligible for guaranteed flight training.
Qualified applicants are generally undergraduate students in economics or related fields.
Qualified applicants are then eligible for training programs and an orientation process.
Qualified applicants are to be sought from a wide range of sources.
Qualified applicants are welcome to apply for currently available employment opportunities.
Qualified applicants can apply at any time.
Qualified applicants can attend for free.
Qualified applicants can expect highly competitive compensation and benefits packages.
Qualified applicants can obtain de-identified or summarized information.
Qualified applicants can receive loans to cover course fees, living expenses and a computer.
Qualified applicants can seek government grants, student loans and work-study positions.
Qualified applicants hold a dental degree, or are in the final year of dental school.
Qualified applicants living anywhere in the world can participate while remaining on the job.
Qualified applicants receive equal consideration.
Qualified applicants receive rigorous training at our national headquarters in Seattle, Washington.
Qualified applicants submit their application through their local military personnel office.
All qualified applicants apply at the castle.
All qualified applicants are eligible to apply.
All qualified applicants are encourage to apply.
All qualified applicants get a free Web site.
All qualified applicants withdraw.
More qualified applicants receive higher wages.
All qualified applications are good for one year.
Qualified appraisers are in demand all over the country.
Qualified artists can have their own customized virtual galleries created.
Qualified assistants are available on weekdays for appointments or drop-in sessions.
Qualified attorneys can help take matters to higher levels of liability through civil tort actions.
Qualified authors warn that the numbers tell the story, and the stories are alarming.
Qualified benefits are nontaxable benefits such as medical or dental coverage.
Qualified borrowers are city of Chicago charter schools.
Qualified borrowers enjoy flexible repayment options and possible tax savings.
Qualified borrowers receive their commitment the next business day.
Qualified buyer can move in today under rental agreement.
Qualified buyer seeks bicycle shop to purchase.
Qualified buyer wants mini storage units anywhere in Ontario.
Qualified buyers call for wholesale pricing.
Qualified buyers can arrange to stay on site.
Qualified buyers can call to receive our photographic catalog.
Qualified buyers can contact our sales office for ordering.
Qualified buyers can participate in live auctions.
Qualified buyers commit to trading with acceptable sellers.
Qualified buyers receive quantity discounts, parts location, and parts removal service.
Qualified cadets have a number of opportunities to attend airborne training.
Qualified callers receive a free gift just for calling.
Qualified callers recieve a free gift just for calling.
Qualified candidate seeks management position in the sausage making industry.
Qualified candidate sshould e-mail, fax or mail a resume with salary requirements in confidence.
Qualified candidates are customer oriented and team players.
Qualified candidates are difficult to find.
Qualified candidates are eligible to receive public funds during the two matching payment periods.
Qualified candidates are self-starters who readily adapt to change.
Qualified candidates can enroll as Ph.D. students in a number of India's universities.
Qualified candidates can work varying prescheduled appointments, some evenings.
Qualified candidates continue to be interviewed for positions.
Qualified candidates have a doctoral degree and outstanding research research.
Qualified candidates have a promotional and advertising writing background.
Qualified candidates have previous choral experience.
Qualified candidates possess proven customer service talent - preferably in the retail environment.
Qualified candidates receive a generous commission and exclusive sales territory.
Qualified candidates receive a set and equal amount of public funding to run their campaign.
Qualified candidates send resume and salary requirements.
Qualified candidates undergo a medical examination.
All qualified candidates are eligible to apply.
All qualified candidates are welcome.
All qualified candidates have to pass a personal interview.
Qualified children are eligible for a monthly annuity.
Qualified circulation demonstrate the relevancy of a magazine to the market that it serves.
Qualified coach leads the ride.
Qualified coaches provide appropriate soccer skill instruction in a format that is fun.
Qualified coaches provide each swimmer with individualized attention.
Qualified companies are proud of their work.
Qualified companies can receive free job training.
Qualified conservators are highly skilled practitioners with years of training and experience.
Qualified consultants can demand top dollar.
Qualified consumers can participate in computer training.
Qualified contractors are bonded, insured, pay unemployment and workmen's compensation premiums.
Qualified costs are tuition and academic course fees.
Qualified counselors are available to help recovering problem gamblers.
Qualified counselors know the value of, and practice, appropriate silence.
Qualified customers are limited to buying one portable and one desktop computer per academic year.
Qualified customers can also submit support inquiries for more efficient and timely service.
Qualified customers can obtain either secured or unsecured loans.
Qualified customers can open an account online and begin trading in minutes.
Qualified customers can open an account online immediately and begin trading in minutes.
Qualified customers can secure quotes and submit purchase orders.
Qualified dealers welcome to visit, request a catalog, or review our available products.
Qualified distributions are exempt from federal income tax.
Qualified distributions are penalty-free.
Qualified distributions are tax free.
Qualified distributors are also welcome to inquire about our products.
Qualified doctors are in regular attendance, and some specialists visit every week.
Qualified doctors correct an N.E.C. with a safe and gentle adjustment of the spine.
Qualified doctors diagnose, treat and occasionally cure but nutrients save lives.
Qualified dogs can donate about every two months.
Qualified drivers are in high demand.
Qualified drivers can obtain advances and load payments quickly and seamlessly on the card.
Qualified employees are always available to provide assistance.
Qualified employees are in great demand and always able to find employment .
Qualified engineers are in very high demand.
Qualified estheticians perform complete beauty and health spa services.
Qualified evidence does make a difference.
Qualified expenses are college related expenses.
Qualified expenses are limited to tuition and fees.
Qualified expenses are tuition, fees, books, supplies and equipment.
Qualified facilitators adapt the course to the goals and capabilities of each group.
Qualified faculty are central to achieving our mission.
Qualified faculty are crucial to the ongoing delivery of effective nursing education.
Qualified faculty assisted by an in-class teaching assistant teach each class.
Qualified faculty provide appropriate oversight of programs delivered electronically.
Qualified faculty provide appropriate oversight of the distance learning course or program.
Qualified faculty provide appropriate oversight of the program electronically offered.
Qualified faculty provide appropriate oversight of the program or course.
Qualified faculty teach all classes and labs and bring real-world experience to their work.
Qualified families draw lots for the chance to buy a house.
Qualified farmers have different tax filing deadlines than non-farmers.
Qualified fees are the academic fee, off-campus workshop fees and the admission application fee.
Qualified folk guide the students through their on-site archaeology adventure.
Qualified freelancers can then view the projects immediately.
Qualified graduates attend graduate and pre-professional schools.
All qualified graduates are eligible for residency appointments.
Qualified graphologists are in demand.
Qualified guides are available at all the shops.
Qualified guides are available to lead the experienced climber or instruct the beginner.
Qualified guides are available, both expatriate and local.
Qualified historians are to be selected to prepare the text for the plaques.
Qualified immunity is forfeited when an employer acts in bad faith.
Qualified immunity is sufficient protection.
Qualified immunity militates against it.
Qualified immunity provides an immunity from suit and from liability.
Qualified improvement includes new construction, rehabilitation and additions.
Qualified individuals are eligible without regard to nationality or institutional affiliation.
Qualified individuals are eligible without regard to nationality.
Qualified individuals can also sign up for courses as non-matriculating students.
Qualified individuals can mail, fax or email a resume and a cover letter to the address below.
Qualified individuals can send a resume or apply in person.
Qualified individuals have opportunities to move into management roles.
Qualified individuals have the option of consulting or full-time hire.
Qualified individuals judge the events, independent of the school setting.
Qualified individuals pass written examinations and practical tests of making and repairing skills.
Any qualified inspector can identify necessary maintenance and potential improvements.
Qualified instructors are also available for swimming and sailing lessons.
Qualified instructors are always welcome.
Qualified instructors are available for fitness testing and personalized exercise routines.
Qualified instructors are available for most disciplines up to intermediate standard.
Qualified instructors conduct all programs.
Qualified instructors conduct hands-on training in a steam generator mockup.
Qualified instructors conduct the seminar and encourage a question and answer session.
Qualified instructors introduce campers to the fundamentals of rowing and physical fitness.
Qualified instructors look after both beginner and expert.
Qualified instructors monitor student performance and provide tutorial support.
Qualified instructors offer assistance for students enrolled in most science courses.
Qualified instructors provide meaningful learning experiences.
Qualified instructors teach all classes.
Qualified instructors teach many of the same courses that are offered on the main campus.
Qualified instructors utilize effective training methods.
Qualified intermediaries provide the necessary exchange agreements and accommodate the exchange.
Qualified interpreters have several employment options.
Qualified judges are always in demand.
Qualified labor is more scarce today.
Qualified land can have a combination or amount of the three eligible uses.
Qualified lawyers are well able to act as executors or trustees.
Qualified leadership means teachers are able to relax and enjoy the program while our staff leads.
Qualified lifeguards are always on duty.
Qualified lifeguards are always present.
Qualified lifeguards are in attendance during the swim season.
Qualified lifeguards are on duty while the children are swimming.
Qualified lifeguards are on duty.
Qualified majors are eligible to participate in the honors program.
Qualified manufacturers provide a huge selection to choose from.
Qualified marksman receive preferential treatment for other government services.
Most qualified mechanics can identify rebuilt cars.
Qualified members are eligible for coverage at affordable group rates.
Qualified members can bring non-member friends out sailing as their guests.
Qualified members can receive addresses for all selected properties.
Qualified members can use designatory letters.
Qualified members can use it free of charge.
Qualified members enroll in their choice of four participating health plans.
Qualified members receive one complimentary copy.
Qualified members receive pay as long as their duties are met.
Qualified members respond on their own to the employer who forwarded the information.
Qualified musicians can audition for the Southeastern Massachusetts District Festival.
Qualified nannies are in high demand.
Qualified nannies have extensive childcare references.
Qualified nonprofits pay absolutely nothing.
Qualified nurse attends to minor illness, cuts, etc.
Qualified nurses make home visits and help with dressings, medications and nutritional supplements.
Qualified nutritionists are experts in the relationship between diet and health.
Most qualified obstetricians are able to manage the labour in a patient undergoing a epidural block.
Qualified ones are able to charge premium prices for their work.
Qualified operators are always available.
Qualified operators are critical for successful plant operations and protections of the environment.
Qualified organizations are eligible for reduced rates.
Qualified organizations can apply to review the pilot test site.
Qualified organizations can be from the private or public sector.
Qualified overseers supervise the hut all weekends and are in complete charge.
Qualified paralegals possess specialized knowledge, skill and training.
Qualified participants are able to purchase one to four-family homes throughout Berkshire County.
Qualified participants can also receive free home delivery service.
Qualified participants have lower back pain that can be relieved by leaning forward.
Qualified participants pay no seminar fee.
Qualified participants receive a tuition-free education and employment opportunities.
Qualified participants receive free study-related examinations and treatment.
Qualified participants receive study related care at no charge.
All qualified participants are by invitation only.
All qualified patients involved in clinical trials sign consent forms before the study begins.
Qualified people are in very short supply.
Qualified people guide all tours.
Many qualified people apply and never get the job.
Qualified person knows where to apply.
Qualified persons can adopt up to four wild horse and burros a year.
Qualified persons receive a permit card, companion card, and hunter plaque for display and use.
Qualified personnel are available for on-site assistance during installation.
Qualified personnel are deficient in number and irrationally distributed across the nation.
Qualified personnel are in demand for the production of animals and their products.
Qualified personnel conduct all other training on the job.
Qualified personnel evaluate all agency staff.
Qualified personnel evaluate all organizational staff.
Qualified personnel follow all appropriate quality procedures.
Qualified personnel supervise the infusion nursing services.
Qualified personnel supervise the medical social work services.
Qualified personnel supervise the nursing services.
Qualified personnel supervise the occupational therapy services.
Qualified personnel supervise the pharmacy services.
Qualified personnel supervise the physical therapy services.
Qualified personnel supervise the speech therapy services.
Qualified physicians determine which procedure is best for a particular patient's condition.
Qualified physicians provide advisory and consultative services.
Qualified players compete from the quarterfinals through to the final game.
Qualified privilege gives a person a right to reply to an attack.
Qualified privilege relates to certain statements made in the discharge of a public or private duty.
Qualified products have to be verified through the certified institutes.
Qualified professionals are available for community events, seminars, and advisory panels.
Qualified professionals are available to assist the patient in understanding the chart.
Qualified professionals are the single most critical resource for any project.
Qualified professionals can abate hazardous lead exposure, however, if the problem is identified.
Qualified professionals have little problem finding jobs.
Qualified professionals lecture on the marketing and financial aspects of setting up in business.
Qualified professionals train students in seminars related to family issues in our society.
Most qualified professionals are members of at least one professional organization.
Qualified property is tangible personal property that is subject to the allowance for depreciation.
Qualified psychologists avoid making extravagant promises of overnight miracles or short-cut cures.
Qualified purchases earn charitable contributions.
Qualified radiographers work either in a private practice or hospital environment.
Qualified reimbursements are paid within ten days of date claim is received by the claims office.
Qualified reporters are as good in their profession as the athletic directors are in their position.
Qualified representatives are welcome to join our team.
Qualified research includes only research conducted in California.
Qualified researchers can attend and provide their input.
Qualified retailers are also welcome to inquire about wholesale pricing .
Qualified retailers receive quantity discounts.
Qualified sailors are in extremely short supply.
Qualified sales leads generated through direct mailing list services.
Qualified sales leads result in more accurate proposals.
Qualified scholars are eligible without regard to nationality or institutional affiliation.
Qualified solicitors give free legal advice to the general public, via email.
Qualified staff are available for all scheduled church worship services and programs.
Qualified staff are available to assist students with research and information retrieval.
Qualified staff are available to help people find needed references.
Qualified staff are on hand during all opening hours to assist students, faculty and staff.
Qualified staff are on hand to assist library users in their search for information.
Qualified staff are persons with disabilities who act as role models.
Qualified staff are present to offer their assistance.
Qualified staff offer an induction service.
Qualified staff provide a ready network which can respond rapidly when disaster strikes.
Qualified staff provides enriching experiences and emphasizes nurturing.
Qualified staff restore old or damaged photos using digital imaging.
Qualified staff supervise both locations to assist with exercise programs.
Qualified staff support each home on a daily basis.
Qualified staff take turns staying late to assist clients in accessing career information.
Qualified staff teach and entertain the kiddies.
Qualified staff teach design, production, engraving, enameling and figurative modeling.
Qualified staffs are present at the major shops to show the tendency products.
Qualified stock includes stock acquired on the exercise of an option.
Qualified students are accepted on a first come, first serve basis.
Qualified students are also prepared for graduate study.
Qualified students are also welcome to apply on their own.
Qualified students are eligible for a departmental Honors concentration.
Qualified students are eligible for a number of fellowships, assistantships and other awards.
Qualified students are eligible for full or partial scholarship support.
Qualified students are eligible for full scolarships.
Qualified students are eligible for membership.
Qualified students are eligible for state fee waivers, state grants, federal grants and loans.
Qualified students are eligible to compete for housing allowances awarded on a yearly basis.
Qualified students are prepared for careers in teaching and research.
Qualified students are strongly encouraged to initiate research activity prior to the senior year.
Qualified students are strongly encouraged to initiate research activity prior to their senior year.
Qualified students can apply for financial aid and other scholarships.
Qualified students can borrow now and put off repayment until after graduation.
Qualified students can conduct a minor investigation under the direction of a faculty member.
Qualified students can earn a graduate degree in any of the areas listed below.
Qualified students can get one for the first two years of postsecondary education.
Qualified students can make arrangements for partial payment of their tuition bill.
Qualified students can obtain a free membership.
Qualified students can pursue their research interests after the academic year ends.
Qualified students can receive awards as high as full tuition, room and board.
Qualified students can receive awards as high as full tuition, room, and board.
Qualified students can take one or more Honors classes.
Qualified students choose one double-period course.
Qualified students engage in research and publication with faculty members.
Qualified students enter the professional sector to refine skills and knowledge.
Qualified students graduate with a degree awarded cum laude , magna cum laude , or summa cum laude .
Qualified students have the opportunity to enroll in a challenging four- semester honors option.
Qualified students have the option of taking the courses in the major first.
Qualified students have to deposit the prescribed fee at the time of admission.
Qualified students holding undergraduate degrees can apply for the following advanced programs.
Qualified students intern at a cable TV system, TV station or industrial TV facility.
Qualified students intern at a radio station.
Qualified students participate in an ensemble environment for a minimum of four sessions per week.
Qualified students participate in honors study and internships.
Qualified students pursue an in-depth study into particular problems or areas of nursing.
Qualified students receive a stipend and tuition waiver.
Qualified students receive child care subsidies and assistance with finding family child care.
Qualified students receive junior-class standing.
Qualified students receive money by way of scholarship to be applied to academic fees.
Qualified students receive private studio lessons at no additional cost.
Qualified students receive recognized credentials on successful completion of the program.
Qualified students review the internships office's list of available placements.
Qualified students take Advanced Placement exams to earn college credit.
Qualified students undertake specific research projects in the laboratories of faculty members.
Qualified students work approximately eight hours per week at the German minimum wage rate.
Qualified students work approximately twelve hours per week at the minimum wage.
Qualified students work under supervision in the field to further their skills in Psychology.
All qualified students are eligible for some type of aid.
All qualified students are eligible through audition.
All qualified students are strongly encouraged to apply.
All qualified students are welcome.
All qualified students receive full in-district tuition scholarships.
All qualified students receive the opportunity to teach language courses.
Any qualified student is eligible to apply.
Many qualified students are closed out of programs or campus housing because they apply too late.
Many qualified students come out here locally.
Some qualified students are able to obtain jobs as teaching assistants or research assistants.
Qualified stylists are in demand.
Qualified substitutes are usually available when needed.
All qualified suppliers are welcome.
All qualified tax draws interest at the same rate as the other qualified tax.
Qualified teacher offers homestay courses.
Qualified teachers are guides who motivate the children.
Qualified teachers are in short supply.
Qualified teachers are scarce, too.
Qualified teachers are scarce.
Qualified teachers are the basis of successful learning.
Qualified teachers are the key to improving student learning.
Qualified teachers are the rarity, rather than the norm.
Qualified teachers are welcome to rent space and time at our studio.
Qualified teachers are.
Qualified teachers Ask for an application by email .
Qualified teachers have still another range of options.
Qualified teachers help students improve their skills through practice, example, and textbook study.
Qualified teachers participate in a year-long training program.
Qualified teachers provide a varied and stimulating environment.
Qualified teachers provide individual attention and nurturing for each child.
Any qualified teacher can apply for any post.
Qualified technicians are available in assisting with hardware problems.
Qualified technicians are in great demand.
Qualified technicians extract, lyophilize, assemble and ship samples to any part of the world.
Qualified technicians perform all installations.
Qualified therapists assist the patient and family with special needs.
Qualified therapists coordinate individualized care programs to match each patient's needs.
Some qualified therapists are able to offer reduced fees.
Qualified training is the key to success.
Qualified tutors are available at scheduled hours.
Qualified tutors are available by appointment only.
Qualified tutors are students who have been approved by the director and the faculty.
Qualified undergraduates are able to find jobs without post-graduate training.
Qualified users are welcome to work on the public equipment.
Qualified veterans are eligible for special preference in employment.
Any qualified veterinarian can perform the surgery.
Qualified volunteers provide many services.
Qualified volunteers provide support to clients in treatment and aftercare programs.
Qualified volunteers receive room, board and a small stipend.
Qualified volunteers serve in health, engineering and education for at least one year.
Qualified volunteers welcome to perform various non-professional services.
Qualified voters can register either in person or by mail.
Any qualified voter is eligible for early voting by personal appearance.
Qualified withdrawals are exempt from federal income tax.
Qualified withdrawals are subject to income taxes.
Qualified withdrawals are tax-free.
Qualified workers are eligible for old age and disability benefits.
Qualified workers are hard to find.
Qualified workers have a real opportunity to find good, high paying jobs in Austin.
A qualifier is a contestant
Qualifiers act to amend the original command to mean something more than just the basic command.
Qualifiers apply to all keywords or search keys in a combined search.
Qualifiers apply to both parts of a combined derived and numeric searches.
Qualifiers apply to marginal results, arguable statements, speculations, and potential artifacts.
Qualifiers are also important.
Qualifiers are an effective way to refine prospect follow-up.
Qualifiers are case-independent.
Qualifiers are contestants.
Qualifiers are deadly.
Qualifiers are important at times, but excessive use reveals indecision or uncertainty.
Qualifiers are optional unless noted otherwise.
Qualifiers are questions that determine if the applicant has the minimal qualifications for the job.
Qualifiers are to be used to refine rather than to extend the semantics of an element.
Qualifiers are words that restrict or open up general statements.
Qualifiers can appear in any order, although in some cases their scope changes.
Qualifiers can earn free travel.
Qualifiers can work on links or on what they point to.
Qualifiers control the compilation process and the run-time environment.
Qualifiers convey many types of information.
Qualifiers give more information on how to execute a command.
Qualifiers perform three times, competing against schools across the state.
Qualifiers redraw for starting positions in main event.
Qualifiers start in Indianapolis and race to Colorado Springs.
Qualifiers use information in the fixed fields of the bibliographic records.
ALL qualifier is used.
All qualifiers are lower case.
All qualifiers are optional.
All qualifiers receive a prize.
Most qualifiers end in st.
Some qualifiers require or accept additional information.
Some qualifiers require values from a controlled vocabulary and are entered without quotation marks.
Some qualifiers require values selected from a limited set of choices.
Qualifying exams are one of the first challenges graduate students prepare for.
Qualifying exams test the capacity to perform original research.
Qualifying exams test the student's competence in their chosen field of study.
Qualitative agreement is achieved.
A qualitative analysis is an analysis
Qualitative analyses is emphasized.
Qualitative analysis can also become necessary when precise information is simply unavailable.
Qualitative analysis can take many different forms, and can use many different sources of data.
Qualitative analysis is a prerequisite for the subsequent quantitative analysis.
Qualitative analysis is by growth culture and microscopy.
Qualitative analysis is emphasized in the laboratory course.
Qualitative analysis is especially subject to error.
Qualitative analysis is included as a major component of the laboratory.
Qualitative analysis is included in the laboratory course.
Qualitative analysis is introduced and used to investigate models.
Qualitative analysis is performed through amplitude analysis, frequency analysis.
Qualitative analysis is studied the second semester.
Qualitative analysis is underway.
Qualitative analysis is used to identify the chemical species in an unknown substance.
Qualitative analysis is useful in recognising ambiguities in data.
Qualitative analysis makes it possible to separate and identify two or more cations in solution.
Qualitative analysis provides simple tools to develop a strategy for analysis.
Qualitative analysis reveals further age differences in the nature of mental health concerns.
Qualitative answers are more desirable than levels of satisfaction.
Qualitative approaches are most suitable for relatively small numbers of respondents.
Qualitative assessment includes student, staff and instructor debriefing sessions.
Qualitative change is only possible as a negation of the previous condition.
Qualitative changes are changes that are concerned with the quality of something.
Qualitative character is an impediment to materialism.
Qualitative characters are morphological features such as leaf shape, flower color or pubescence.
Qualitative characteristics are most often visual appraisals.
Qualitative characteristics requires for success.
Qualitative chemistry is used in many jobs.
Every qualitative concept involves relations, and every thought creates a duality.
Qualitative considerations underline that conclusion.
Qualitative costs can have wide ranging implications to a university.
Qualitative criteria address how effective ly the work is performed.
Qualitative criteria help to provide perspective.
Qualitative data are data that are grouped in classes according to differences in type or quality.
Qualitative data can be ordinal or nominal .
Qualitative data covers a range of material from the descriptions of social life.
Qualitative data have no numerical values attached.
Qualitative data indicate that alcohol and drugs are of concern to young people.
Qualitative data is by definition data that is in discrete categories or classes.
Qualitative data is collected from teachers, parents, and youth.
Qualitative data is extensive and available as separate documents.
Qualitative data is important.
Qualitative data is messy and so is qualitative data capture.
Qualitative data is subjected to a process of thematic analysis.
Qualitative data is to be found in conversation, in dialogue.
Qualitative data needs to complement the quantitative data.
Qualitative data show a marked increase in family participation.
Qualitative data suggest partners of recipients sabotage mothers' attempts to enter the work force.
All qualitative data are discrete, while some numeric data are discrete and some are continuous.
Qualitative design demands that the researcher stay in the setting over time.
Qualitative design demands time in analysis to time in the field.
Qualitative design is holistic.
Qualitative design looks at relationships within a system or culture.
Qualitative design requires ongoing analyses of the data.
Qualitative design requires the researcher to become the research instrument.
Qualitative detection tells the physician if a drug is present in the person s body.
Qualitative developments are also important for improving market liquidity.
Qualitative discussions are video-taped during and following the tests.
Qualitative diversity is our motto.
Qualitative evaluation attempts to describe what is going on.
Qualitative evaluation can be tricky.
Qualitative evaluation is more important for a student, because it allows better self-control.
Qualitative evaluation is used in areas where it is difficult to develop quantitative measures.
Qualitative evaluation ofdifferences at the substrate binding site.
Qualitative evaluations are available, with attributions in the case of each qualitative evaluation.
Qualitative evidence indicates population size.
Qualitative evidence indicates size.
Most qualitative evidence indicates population size.
Most qualitative evidence indicates size.
Qualitative fructose is useful for verifying presence and the presence of the vas deferens.
Qualitative growth can compensate for numerical growth.
Qualitative information attempts to understand how program participants are thinking and feeling.
Qualitative information is especially useful for understanding subjective points of view.
Qualitative information is given when available.
Qualitative information is less constraining of the process.
Qualitative information is often essential.
Qualitative information is required before a quantitative analysis can be undertaken.
Qualitative information permits communities to act in an informed way.
Qualitative inquiry is as much a perspective as a set of methods.
Qualitative interviewers have to learn to tolerate silence.
Qualitative investigations demand a lot of energy and stamina.
Qualitative judgments have a major bearing on whether promotion is recommended.
Qualitative knowledge is considered as a particular approach to knowledge.
Qualitative maps show non-numerical information about a particular topic.
Qualitative methods answer why and how and usually involve talking to or observing people.
Qualitative methods are an important supplement to quantitative methods.
Qualitative methods are far more 'labor intensive' than quantitative methods.
Qualitative methods are well-suited to the study of electronic communities.
Qualitative methods provide rich information that is especially useful for shaping design.
Qualitative methods range from ethnographic fieldwork to documentary historical research.
Qualitative methods use codes to categorize data rather than to quantify it.
Qualitative models are essential for constructing articulate tutoring artefacts.
Qualitative models require clear identification of concepts, relationships, and interactions.
Qualitative observations suggest effects.
Qualitative observations use words.
Most qualitative observations suggest effects.
Qualitative prognoses are a bit easier to tackle.
Qualitative programming demands a good community.
Qualitative ratings allow worded comments based on perceptions of recent behavior.
Qualitative research allows for in-depth exploration into people s feelings and beliefs.
Qualitative research approaches.
Qualitative research can be helpful to researchers in a variety of disciplines.
Qualitative research can be useful in policy development.
Qualitative research can reveal how parts fit together to reveal the whole.
Qualitative research can take many forms.
Qualitative research explores the meanings that lie behind the statistics.
Qualitative research expresses important variables in narrative form.
Qualitative research focuses on a gestalt or holistic based perspective of understanding.
Qualitative research focuses, therefore, on judgements.
Qualitative research has all the key ingredients to be scientific.
Qualitative research includes focus groups, in-depth telephone interviews, and onsite interviewing.
Qualitative research is a form of inquiry gaining popularity and acceptance in the social sciences.
Qualitative research is a great way to generate initial ideas and insights into research questions.
Qualitative research is a highly demanding endeavor.
Qualitative research is a way to explore issues and ideas that are important in strategy formation.
Qualitative research is about listening to what people say, getting an idea of their feelings, etc.
Qualitative research is also entirely acceptable.
Qualitative research is an important methodology in many fields of study.
Qualitative research is associated more with words.
Qualitative research is based on an in-depth exploration of a topic.
Qualitative research is based on individual, often subjective, analysis.
Qualitative research is conducted from a scientific perspective.
Qualitative research is critiqued focusing on scientific merit and ethical and legal considerations.
Qualitative research is exploratory and inductive in nature.
Qualitative research is extremely flexible.
Qualitative research is generally language intense.
Qualitative research is handled in-house by experienced professionals.
Qualitative research is interactive and subjective.
Qualitative research is laser-focused, dealing only with smaller samples.
Qualitative research is most effective when combined with quantitative and target marketing.
Qualitative research is necessarily subjective.
Qualitative research is polysemous when it comes to method.
Qualitative research is probably the oldest form of inquiry.
Qualitative research is risky.
Qualitative research is synonymous with ethnographic and participant observation methods.
Qualitative research is time intensive.
Qualitative research is used to achieve a variety of objectives.
Qualitative research is well-suited to identify such processes.
Qualitative research is when only a few cases are examined, but in great detail.
Qualitative research relates mainly to interviews done on a small scale.
Qualitative research takes time and a focus group can last a couple of hours.
Qualitative research utilizes raw data that come from a source closer to the object of study.
Qualitative researchers are predominantly female.
Qualitative researchers assume a dialogical position of difference with their practice knowledge.
Qualitative researchers attempt to create new method forms for their studies.
Qualitative researchers interview their subjects without scales and checklists.
Qualitative researchers use translatability and comparability as external validity concepts.
Many qualitative researchers like to develop the codes as they code the data.
Many qualitative researchers use measures to collect supplemental data.
Qualitative results are similar across specifications, estimators, and sample periods.
Qualitative results can be misleading, and many methods have severe limitations.
Qualitative results create a vivid picture of the participants' feelings and mood.
Qualitative studies are a valuable research tool, provided that they are carefully designed.
Qualitative studies look at the affective side of research.
Qualitative studies provide feedback on programming and production quality.
Qualitative studies use less sophisticated statistics.
Qualitative studies use nonprobability sampling exclusively.
Some qualitative studies use a combination of both.
Qualitative techniques yield in-depth, detailed, and rich information.
Qualitative tests determine the presence or absence of bacteria in the brook only.
Qualitative tests give a positive or negative result.
Qualitative tests show that aerogels can be used with conventional photoresist techniques.
Qualitatively things look similar.
Quality animation captures children's imagination.
Quality art is always self-motivated.
Quality assessment has a long tradition in the Utrecht faculty.
Quality assessment is another possible avenue of pursuit.
Quality assessment is thus an absolute requirement.
Quality assessment works the same way.
Quality assurance aims above all at preventing non-conformity.
Quality assurance attempts to maintain the quality standards in a proactive way.
Quality assurance begins with extensive testing for functionality and overall performance.
Quality assurance begins, and hinges upon, activities at the production level.
Quality assurance ensures that the process is properly implemented and executed.
Quality assurance exceeds industry standards.
Quality assurance focuses on eliminating defects or errors.
Quality assurance has to confirm that each product is meeting the design requirements.
Quality assurance includes fiscal, administrative, inventory and job-site monitoring.
Quality assurance includes quality control.
Quality assurance includes the post-processing phase and ideally extends to the consumer's table.
Quality assurance is a collection of procedures describing requirements and transactions.
Quality assurance is a crucial part of doing business with the government.
Quality assurance is a fundamental part of that effort.
Quality assurance is a large part of the monitoring effort.
Quality assurance is a management function consisting of auditing and reporting activities.
Quality assurance is a plant wide activity involving all departments and individual employees.
Quality assurance is a priority.
Quality assurance is about doing the right things in the right way to get the right results.
Quality assurance is about processes .
Quality assurance is also an integral part of the program.
Quality assurance is an essential part of the follow-up registers.
Quality assurance is an idea who time has come.
Quality assurance is an important part of the program.
Quality assurance is an increasing activity in most chemical businesses.
Quality assurance is another major area of activity.
Quality assurance is concerned with verifying and validating the work done in each phase.
Quality assurance is conducted and only approved pashminas are shipped for delivery.
Quality assurance is different from just testing.
Quality assurance is generally very high prior to software being released.
Quality assurance is inherent within the open source development process.
Quality assurance is inherent.
Quality assurance is integral to all aspects of company operation.
Quality assurance is key for ABA endorsements.
Quality assurance is maintained by an active program of staff development and curriculum review.
Quality assurance is maintained by monitoring pathway variances and outcomes on a daily basis.
Quality assurance is more than delivering defect-free parts.
Quality assurance is necessary for industry also in connection with environmental issues.
Quality assurance is needed throughout a teacher's career.
Quality assurance is next.
Quality assurance is one of the most important strategic tasks of the company.
Quality assurance is our routine work.
Quality assurance is our specialty.
Quality assurance is perceived as an integral cost or service.
Quality assurance is performed by an independent team of trained experts for each project.
Quality assurance is performed independently of software development.
Quality assurance is programmed into every facet of our manufacturing process.
Quality assurance is provided by technician certification and professional development.
Quality assurance is provided for the packer as well as the processor.
Quality assurance is second to none.
Quality assurance is the application of techniques to measure quality of the service.
Quality assurance is the key.
Quality assurance is the overall strategy to ensure high standards throughout the program.
Quality assurance is the responsibility of the medical profession.
Quality assurance is thus very well done.
Quality assurance plays a critical role.
Quality assurance reduces monitoring time and minimizes data queries.
Quality assurance requires a lot of time to be invested into checking the accuracy of the equipment.
Quality assurance requires calibration and periodic auditing of sensors.
Quality assurance requires fast, thorough calibration checks.
Quality assurance sets a threshold for average acceptable quality and strives to achieve that level.
Quality assurance skills a plus.
Quality audit implies continuous testing.
Quality black owned businesses can apply to join the mall.
Quality buildings tend to be more resource-efficient, less wasteful and better managed.
Quality candies are a specialty.
Quality cat food has advantage.
Quality CDs sell.
Quality checks extend to non-manufactured items supplied to assure total system compatibility.
Quality circle can still be an effective intervention.
Quality circles allow employees the opportunity to join in the problem solving process.
Quality circles are a type of small group used in the business world.
Quality circles are an example of involvement.
Quality circles is an approach that has had great following in the past few decades.
Quality communication begins with the exchange of thoughts and ideas.
Quality communication depends upon quality presentation of material.
Quality communication requires highly refined perceptual skills.
Quality communications are the key to quality cancer care.
Quality control inspectors inspect goods.
Quality control inspectors monitor operations.
Quality control inspectors monitor production operations.
Quality control inspectors work at locations.
Quality control operations include procedures.
Quality control workers record results.
Quality control appears to be the real issue here.
Quality control assures that all products are checked for flaws before shipment.
Quality control becomes more difficult as the links go deeper than two or three levels.
Quality control begins by selecting the freshest active raw materials.
Quality control begins during student employee training.
Quality control begins with proper solution preparation.
Quality control begins with the raw material growers.
Quality control can be a mixture of third-party testing and the workings of the labor market.
Quality control can be issue.
Quality control can then run reports and create charts and graphs based on the real-time results.
Quality control carries through to final testing on-site.
Quality control comes first.
Quality control counts.
Quality control does final testing of the product.
Quality control ensures fit and finish.
Quality control goes beyond data accuracy.
Quality control has nothing to do with it.
Quality control has various essential components of which reporting is only one.
Quality control includes a rigorous schedule of checks and double checks.
Quality control includes every stage of manufacturing including the purchase of raw material.
Quality control includes training of personnel and audit of performance.
Quality control insures the uniformity of grades and the quality of workmanship.
Quality control is a concern, however.
Quality control is a concern, in light of interstate nature of digital commerce.
Quality control is a continuous process as honey samples are carefully tested and checked.
Quality control is a critical development challenge in a scenario of tight supply.
Quality control is a crucial aspect of any manufacturing operation.
Quality control is a delicate issue, since there is no doubt that also the other sites do very well.
Quality control is a key issue.
Quality control is a major issue with our customers.
Quality control is a non neglectable point regarding the controlled data conversion.
Quality control is a primary concern of the profession.
Quality control is a priority for such fragile products.
Quality control is a priority in the canning process.
Quality control is a respectable way to defend against territoriality.
Quality control is a sensitive issue when inspecting the produce friends and relatives have grown.
Quality control is a superset of testing, although it often used synonymously with testing.
Quality control is a term that arose in industry.
Quality control is a time consuming option.
Quality control is a top priority.
Quality control is a topic on which DefenseLINK designers are actively working.
Quality control is a very important part of our production.
Quality control is a vital part of a business in which lives literally hang in the balance.
Quality control is a vital part of production planning.
Quality control is achieved by a system of peer review commonly referred to as refereeing.
Quality control is achieved through automatic position calculations.
Quality control is addressed through the power of informal persuasion as well as a ratings system.
Quality control is also an occasional problem.
Quality control is also manual.
Quality control is also the last resort.
Quality control is an essential component of marketing.
Quality control is an essential element to any project performance.
Quality control is an essential part of our organization.
Quality control is an important component of all commercial ventures.
Quality control is an important function of quality management.
Quality control is an integral feature of the restaurants.
Quality control is an integral part of the manufacturing process.
Quality control is an issue, but by and large it's been very good.
Quality control is an on-going, integral part of the manufacturing process.
Quality control is another essential.
Quality control is another.
Quality control is as important as ever in publishing.
Quality control is assisted by interactive editing, on-screen displays and hard copy overlay plots.
Quality control is assured for Sailors and students alike.
Quality control is assured, maintaining the high standards from an international point of view.
Quality control is at stake.
Quality control is at the core of the company's operations.
Quality control is central to our development processes.
Quality control is central to the process.
Quality control is checked and rechecked at every stage of manufacturing process meticulously.
Quality control is considered throughout.
Quality control is continuous and extends to every facet of production, packaging, and shipping.
Quality control is critical.
Quality control is difficult because there is usually no evaluation of it.
Quality control is difficult.
Quality control is done periodically by trained medical cytopathologists.
Quality control is each employee's responsibility.
Quality control is emphasized at every stage of production.
Quality control is emphasized giving the future designer total control over their ideas.
Quality control is enhanced using computerized sperm motility analysis.
Quality control is enhanced, specifications are never compromised and maintenance becomes easier.
Quality control is essential during manufacturing.
Quality control is essential for accurate results.
Quality control is essential.
Quality control is essentially a distributed activity.
Quality control is everyone's job.
Quality control is exercised by training and monitoring.
Quality control is extremely important.
Quality control is foremost.
Quality control is imperative to ensure the accurate transmission of station numbers.
Quality control is important in duplicating library collections.
Quality control is important.
Quality control is impossible to determine.
Quality control is in force strictly.
Quality control is in place for each case assignment.
Quality control is inadequate.
Quality control is increased through standardized measurements.
Quality control is insured by optical inspection, mechanical measuring and dedicated people.
Quality control is insured in a number of ways.
Quality control is internal control
Quality control is internal control.
Quality control is key, for moisture and foreign matter can produce tiny pinholes in the sheeting.
Quality control is key.
Quality control is maintained according to good clinical practice by internal staff.
Quality control is maintained by constant surveillance over manufacturing processes.
Quality control is maintained when the same person does all the splitting.
Quality control is monitored by a coordinate measuring machine and a profile projector.
Quality control is more difficult with field packing.
Quality control is more of a science than an art.
Quality control is necessary to all parties involved in a construction.
Quality control is necessary, especially with discount, mass-marketed brands.
Quality control is non-existent on the Web.
Quality control is of highest importance with our products.
Quality control is of utmost importance, as is customer satisfaction.
Quality control is of vital importance.
Quality control is often very creative in soviet cameras, bouncing all over the place.
Quality control is one of our top priorities.
Quality control is one of the keys to our success as well as our customer's.
Quality control is one reason.
Quality control is only one component of an overall quality assurance program.
Quality control is other another key concern for any framing company.
Quality control is our highest concern.
Quality control is our number one priority in extrusion, slitting, and converting.
Quality control is our top priority.
Quality control is paramount.
Quality control is part of our success.
Quality control is particularly important in the international marketplace.
Quality control is performed by independant laboratories.
Quality control is performed by the coordinator following instructions provided by data partners.
Quality control is poor.
Quality control is present every step of the way.
Quality control is rare.
Quality control is shown throughout processing to ensure the highest standards.
Quality control is sometimes a bit lacking.
Quality control is still a concern.
Quality control is strict.
Quality control is stringent.
Quality control is taught using a Coordinated Measuring Machine.
Quality control is the backbone of accurate results.
Quality control is the important job of every employee.
Quality control is the measurement of a service's conformance with requirements.
Quality control is the most essential aspect of vaccine production.
Quality control is the most important thing to the label.
Quality control is there every step of the way.
Quality control is thorough.
Quality control is thus a more critical problem in patent prosecution than in most areas of the law.
Quality control is tight, and production punctual.
Quality control is uneven at best.
Quality control is variable, and some give very defective views.
Quality control is very important.
Quality control is vital throughout the entire printing process.
Quality control needs to be achieved also.
Quality control pays.
Quality control plays a vital role in clinical laboratory operations.
Quality control provides a tool to help the manager check the quality of what is being manufactured.
Quality control refers to specific procedures used to achieve prescribed standards of performance.
Quality control remains a considerable problem.
Quality control remains the most time-consuming element of DVD production.
Quality control represents the measurement of compliance to requirements.
Quality control requires a lot of effort but is well worth it.
Quality control seems to have become a separate profession with it's own terminology.
Quality control works in parallel with researching new plant varieties and forms of pest control.
Quality controls are more difficult with so many people involved.
Quality controls are rigorous at U-nova plastics.
Quality controls are stringent but so are the achievement level of the staff.
Quality controls are the same for all the data.
Quality controls are widespread throughout the six regions.
More quality data needs to be collected and made accessible to consumers and providers.
Quality details separate one group from the rest.
Quality documentation is one of the cornerstones of the conservation profession.
Quality education demands that faculty be available for students outside of class.
Quality education enables students to adapt to change.
Quality education means decent class sizes.
Quality education produces quality nurses, but it has a price.
Quality education recognizes that students learn in different ways and at different rates.
Quality education takes teamwork.
Quality factors change over years.
Most quality factors change over years.
Quality finish is hand-polished and coated with the finest sealer available.
Quality food is a fragile instrument that starts and finishes with proper delivery to the customer.
Quality food is available all day, music every weekend.
Quality food is essential for a successful retreat or conference.
Quality food is provided without depleting wild fish in streams and oceans.
Quality fruit make delicous wine.
Quality habitats provide adequate food.
Quality habitats provide food.
Quality habitats support mammals.
Quality healthcare begins and ends with caring people dedicated to achieving it.
Quality improvement begins and ends with the customer, whether internal or external.
Quality improvement can come as the result of large or small initiatives and all are important.
Quality improvement comes close from another direction.
Quality improvement involves tackling one issue at a time.
Quality improvement is a never-ending journey All quality is relative.
Quality improvement is a never-ending journey.
Quality improvement is a process.
Quality improvement is a team issue .
Quality improvement is a two-way road.
Quality improvement is all about finding out what needs to be changed in order to improve.
Quality improvement is everybody's responsibility.
Quality improvement is focused on making processes better.
Quality improvement is frequently a major part of performance improvement.
Quality improvement is hard work.
Quality improvement is key to productivity improvement.
Quality improvement is one component of total quality management.
Quality improvement is our basic value, and the responsibility of every employee.
Quality improvement is planned, implemented and reviewed continuously.
Quality improvement is the process of increasing actual quality through mental and physical effort.
Quality improvement modifies the process for providing care in order to improve outcomes.
Quality improvement refers to the betterment or enhancement of a product or service.
Quality improvement requires a deliberate planning and implementation strategy.
Quality improvement requires time to ensure the true integration in the organization work culture.
Quality improvements are especially dramatic in the automobile industry, the association emphasizes.
Quality improvements are especially dramatic in the automobile industry.
Quality improvements are evident in all of the Soviet combat arms.
Quality improvements are necessary for survival.
Quality investment breeds the greatest business success.
Quality investment seeks quality investors.
Quality labor is abundant, costs are low and space is readily available.
Quality level establishes allowable manufacturing limits of gear tooth profile, pitch, and lead.
Quality line is the most overlooked aspect of angling success among amateur anglers.
Quality lines provide texture to artwork.
Quality loss is considerable.
Quality loss is minimized during transport and during exposure to harsh conditions.
Quality loss occurs faster in stems harvested with open or opening bracts.
Quality management can also reveal itself in the balance sheet.
Quality management has more to do with people than with machines.
Quality management involves both increasing income and decreasing costs.
Quality management is a priority.
Quality management is an extremely tough business.
Quality management is an important management philosophy and competitive strategy.
Quality management is emphasized throughout the course.
Quality management is essential to the success of the provider collaborative.
Quality management is focused on continuous improvement of the system.
Quality management is integrated into all processes.
Quality management is part of the software process.
Quality management is recognized in many ways.
Quality management is what creates survivors.
Quality management provides all four.
Quality marks are crucial in creating confidence in e-commerce.
Quality measurements show deviation.
Quality melons have fine texture, pleasing flavor and a soothing taste.
Quality merchandise abounds and at realistic prices.
Quality merchandise is sold like sale merchandise.
Quality music has no borders.
Quality newspapers have higher quality maps than popular newspapers.
Quality of experience requires personalization.
Quality of life approaches in the health field usually focus on illness and disability.
Quality of life assessments the evaluation of magnetic resonance imaging.
Quality of life begins at the dinner table.
Quality of life begins to decline and the affected individual often suffers in silence.
Quality of life can improve by quitting, even if lung function has already declined.
Quality of life can mean a lot of things.
Quality of life comes to mind.
Quality of life continues to be our full objective.
Quality of life demands that our aged be given appropriate care in their final years.
Quality of life depends on quality relationships.
Quality of life depends on the continued addition of new perspectives, new beliefs, and new wisdom.
Quality of life equals quantity of money.
Quality of life goes beyond caring only for the physical needs of our residents.
Quality of life has both a physical and a spiritual component.
Quality of life has many dimensions.
Quality of life has meaning here.
Quality of life includes a high priority on schools, school development.
Quality of life includes leisure time, spousal happiness, and a positive child-rearing situation.
Quality of life integrating family, work, and education is important.
Quality of life is a big factor.
Quality of life is a big issue for many, often the biggest.
Quality of life is a big sell for people coming from New York.
Quality of life is a consequence of harmony or balance among the three.
Quality of life is a hot topic today.
Quality of life is a major consideration.
Quality of life is a major factor in Sarasota County s success.
Quality of life is a multi-dimensional, complex and very subjective concept.
Quality of life is a nation's obligation to their men and women in uniform.
Quality of life is a paramount concern at all AZA-accredited institutions.
Quality of life is a prime reason for living in El Dorado County.
Quality of life is a quantifiable clinical concept.
Quality of life is a relative term.
Quality of life is a serious concern for Regional planners.
Quality of life is a very subjective judgement.
Quality of life is about much more than just creating more jobs and making more money.
Quality of life is addressed by technology.
Quality of life is affected by changes in technology.
Quality of life is all that and more.
Quality of life is also related with taking people into account.
Quality of life is always an issue.
Quality of life is always hard to measure.
Quality of life is an enormously complex concept.
Quality of life is an even more important issue here.
Quality of life is an important benefit for any prospective employee considering our company.
Quality of life is an important concept across campus.
Quality of life is an important factor.
Quality of life is an important issue for cancer patients.
Quality of life is an important issue.
Quality of life is an intensely personal and variable concept.
Quality of life is another important issue for patients with epilepsy.
Quality of life is another key factor.
Quality of life is another retention issue.
Quality of life is another way of conceptualizing the impact of IT in the home.
Quality of life is as important for children as it is for adults although it is harder to assess.
Quality of life is as strong as our economy.
Quality of life is assessed using a moods' scale profile.
Quality of life is at stake.
Quality of life is at the heart of readiness.
Quality of life is at the top of the list.
Quality of life is better now than ever before in history.
Quality of life is both the key to our enjoyment of city life and our top competitive advantage.
Quality of life is dependent on safe neighborhoods.
Quality of life is dependent on the quality of our environment.
Quality of life is determined by the values of a community.
Quality of life is diminished .
Quality of life is enhanced by developing a philosophy for lifetime fitness.
Quality of life is enhanced by the love and supportive hands of caring friends.
Quality of life is enhanced for th e school and the community.
Quality of life is enriched by having a variety of associations with others.
Quality of life is everything.
Quality of life is excellent after a pelvic pouch for colitis- associated neoplasia.
Quality of life is excellent.
Quality of life is exceptional.
Quality of life is extremely good.
Quality of life is extremely important.
Quality of life is fragile.
Quality of life is good here.
Quality of life is good, side effects are slight, and some patients' tumors have further shrunk.
Quality of life is gratification.
Quality of life is harder to measure than costs.
Quality of life is high.
Quality of life is important for animals and people alike.
Quality of life is important for pets and people alike.
Quality of life is important to individuals.
Quality of life is important to our community members in south King County.
Quality of life is important.
Quality of life is improved.
Quality of life is increased overall.
Quality of life is indeed part of our readiness equation.
Quality of life is integral to our future.
Quality of life is measured by the same standards as for healthy rabbits.
Quality of life is measured in terms of family, employment, community and spiritual function.
Quality of life is more important for our well-being than quantity of life.
Quality of life is more important than quantity.
Quality of life is more important than the job title.
Quality of life is more important to the younger physicians.
Quality of life is more than new housing and swimming pools it is also good leadership.
Quality of life is much more important than length of life.
Quality of life is multidimensional and encompasses physical, mental and social well-being.
Quality of life is neither gender nor age specific.
Quality of life is never for sale, it has to be built, one day at a time, on a solid foundation.
Quality of life is never the same.
Quality of life is one of the biggest reasons.
Quality of life is our number one initiative.
Quality of life is our paramount concern.
Quality of life is paramount in every urban design and development decision.
Quality of life is paramount.
Quality of life is preserved by providing fire protection and environmental management services.
Quality of life is reduced in obese dogs but improves after successful weight loss .
Quality of life is reduced.
Quality of life is satisfaction
Quality of life is Saugerties' greatest asset.
Quality of life is second to none.
Quality of life is something both communities can offer potential new industries.
Quality of life is something that has been passed down through the generations.
Quality of life is subjective.
Quality of life is the biggest thing.
Quality of life is the centerpiece of human existence.
Quality of life is the central issue of the plan.
Quality of life is the current buzzword in the commercial city.
Quality of life is the end result of balancing many factors.
Quality of life is the focus.
Quality of life is the issue of primary concern as individuals move to their new homes.
Quality of life is the key to retaining.
Quality of life is the magnet.
Quality of life is the main consideration in the decision-making process.
Quality of life is the primary dependent variable of interest.
Quality of life is the single most important issue.
Quality of life is tops.
Quality of life is unparalleled.
Quality of life is up.
Quality of life is usually very poor.
Quality of life is variable.
Quality of life is very dependent on a person's quality of health.
Quality of life is very important, and that means having adequate housing.
Quality of life is very important.
Quality of life is what attracts people to live in Mississippi Mills.
Quality of life is what makes people come here and want to stay.
Quality of life is what people came up here for.
Quality of life is where cohousing begins.
Quality of life is wonderful.
Quality of life is worse than five years ago.
Quality of life is worth paying for.
Quality of life is.
Quality of life Maintaining overall mental and physical wellness is a long-term goal.
Quality of life means clean air and clean water for new workers and their families.
Quality of life means different things to different people.
Quality of life means many things to many people.
Quality of life measures the impact in human terms.
Quality of life needs to be improved in several aspects.
Quality of life plays a key role in recruitment and retention of our military service members.
Quality of life refers to both objective and subjective components.
Quality of life represents a third reason for starting a business.
Quality of life requires investments by both the public sector and private sector.
Quality of life requires strong families as well as strong communities.
Quality of life starts off at very high levels compared to either terrestrial sector.
Quality of life starts with the requirement that ALL laws are strictly adhered.
Quality of life sucks here, but the access in incomparable.
Quality of life suffers when stressed-out meets home life.
Quality of life suffers with indiscriminate growth.
Quality of life suffers.
Quality of life varies the most.
Quality of living is unequalled by most and envied by many.
Quality of service becomes an afterthought, and it s never clear who s really accountable.
Quality of service becomes the differentiating factor and a great leveler for complacent brands.
Quality of service depends greatly on the quality job performance and dependability.
Quality of service depends on the care the client receives.
Quality of service encompasses both timeliness and usefulness.
Quality of service is a balanced combination of quality of life and quality of work.
Quality of service is a combination of promptness and friendliness of the staff.
Quality of service is a key issue, both in terms of security of supply and water quality.
Quality of service is a very important issue, but the most important issue is the price.
Quality of service is a vital element of any real service.
Quality of service is absolutely essential for our long-term goals.
Quality of service is an issue in other ways for both military and defense civilians.
Quality of service is another important reason to consider web caching.
Quality of service is another issue.
Quality of service is another thing to consider.
Quality of service is at the heart of our philosophy.
Quality of service is high.
Quality of service is important.
Quality of service is just as important as quality of product.
Quality of service is much more problematic.
Quality of service is one of the most effective forms of differentiation between competitors.
Quality of service is our primary concern.
Quality of service is the combination of quality of life and quality of work.
Quality of service is the key.
Quality of service is up, and the network traffic is easier to manage with built-in redundancy.
Quality of service related data is a future goal.
Quality of service remains an issue.
Quality of service varies according to prices.
Quality of service varies.
Quality of services provided are also excellent and consistently measured through citizen surveys .
Quality of services provided are also excellent and consistently measured through citizen surveys.
Quality of water entering at a site is evaluated to downstream establish a known baseline condition.
Quality parts are chose for their energy efficiency.
Quality parts fail less often than cheap parts, but any piece of hardware can fail.
Quality parts produce quality cues, there is no other way to state it.
Quality parts result in very high prices.
Quality participation consists of active and thoughtful speaking and listening.
Quality participation moves the discussion along and contributes to our collective learning.
Quality product stands above the rest.
Quality programming has to be discretionary.
Quality programming is offered to each youth.
Quality programming is the primary focus of the conference.
Quality programming is the result of quality training and responsible local programmers.
More Quality questions get quality answers.
Quality records are determined per area and require a minimum retention of five years.
Quality records provide an audit trail for internal and external auditors.
Quality reflection takes practice and time.
Quality repair is possible by only very skilled mechanics.
Quality restaurants are also available.
Many quality restaurants are near by.
Many quality restaurants have private dining rooms which can be booked in advance.
Quality safety features comfort, etc.
Quality scheduling improves customer service levels while freeing managers from administrative work.
Quality seeds are a small investment for the return received.
Quality service brings peace of mind.
Quality service depends on good communication between the library and the jobber.
Quality service has to emanate from every level of the company.
Quality service is an Omaha tradition, especially with the area's lodging industry.
Quality service is delivered to a select client base through developing very close relationships.
Quality service is directly dependent on qualified and experienced staff.
Quality service is free.
Quality service is important and it can cost more.
Quality service is measured in the minds of our clients.
Quality service is offered to all segments of the market.
Quality service is one essential ingredient to a successful Web site.
Quality service is our business.
Quality service is our first priority.
Quality service is our hallmark.
Quality service is our mainstay.
Quality service is our most important product.
Quality service is our number one priority.
Quality service is our primary focus.
Quality service is our primary goal.
Quality service is our priority.
Quality service is provided by committed and empowered people working together with a common vision.
Quality service is the circulation department's most important contribution to readership.
Quality service is the difference on every job.
Quality service is the most important aspect of our business.
Quality service is their watch word.
Quality service is very important to collectors.
Quality service is what distinguished one real estate firm from another.
Quality service makes the difference.
Quality service matched with competitive pricing is the cornerstone of our company.
Quality service means doing the right things right, the first time, every time.
Quality service produces demonstrable results.
Quality service requires investments and takes time.
Quality service requires people, process, and technology all brought to focus together.
Quality service requires the latest in equipment and technical data resources.
Quality services are our profession.
Quality services are to be available at just, reasonable, and affordable rates.
Quality services are vitally dependent on human resources.
Quality services exist in South Milwaukee.
Quality services is our motto.
Quality services promote the secure foundation for all learning to follow.
Quality services require well-designed and executed service delivery systems.
Some quality services result in growth.
Some quality services result in rapid growth.
Quality software becomes a powerful tool in the hands of a skilled user.
Quality software is an essential element.
Quality software is software that does what it is supposed to do.
Quality software is the word that comes to mind.
Quality software takes time to develop, especially with our limited resources.
Quality standards are critical to achieving program accreditation.
Quality standards are mandatory quides.
Quality standards are more rigorous.
Quality standards require to be made explicit, as do assumptions, controls, risks and dependencies.
Quality standards seems to have been strictly observed, resulting in uniformity of arts and craft.
Quality standards vary widely.
Quality system is approved by government agencies and major aerospace manufacturers.
Quality system results tracking and improvement.
Quality systems are as much about international trade as they are about food safety.
Quality systems are in place for the entire staff to ensure success for all students.
Quality talent is spread too thin.
Quality teaching promotes quality student learning.
Quality technicians are in high demand nationwide.
Quality television can help provide a balance.
Quality testing ensures accuracy.
Quality time can be the great equalizer for flight attendants.
Quality time counts with it.
Quality time is a good concept but it is insufficient.
Quality time is a myth.
Quality time is always around food.
Quality time is an excuse used by people who put their career and job first, and the family second.
Quality time is better than quantity time though.
Quality time is defined as periods when everyone is awake and nobody is yelling.
Quality time is found in simple, as well as complex, activities.
Quality time is quantity time.
Quality time is the most important.
Quality time is the name of the game.
Quality time means fun.
Quality time needs to be made of a family, with every member of the household.
Quality time needs to top every family's agenda.
Quality time occurs only with quantity time.
Quality time seems to quite naturally blossom out of the quantity time of just being together.
Quality time spent in preparation pays big dividends.
Quality time spent together is the most important goal for our matches.
Quality time spent with friends and family can energize which helps fight stress. .
Quality time spent with one's coworkers in a smoky haze but at least the breakroom has windows.
Quality time spent with our spouse and children in meaningful communication is of utmost importance.
Quality time strengthens relationships and bonds the family together.
More quality time is needed between people of different generations.
More quality time is spent with each patient, and more patients are being seen.
Quality tubing begins with the careful selection of flat rolled steel.
Quality video is more than just aiming a camcorder and shooting.
Quality vitamins contain minerals.
Quality wine starts in the vineyard.
Quality wines are always available, and at less cost than the wines from eletist vineyards.
Quality writing is more important.
Quality writing is our best tool for assessing, encouraging, and grading student thought.
Qualities are intangibles, and as such can manifest themselves in any shape, size or form.
Qualities are more important than formal qualifications or cadre experience.
Qualities are, first, such as are utterly inseparable from the body in what state soever it be.
Qualities come through in spite of the poor sound system.
Qualities evoked by the cub are innocence, awkwardness, energy and potential personal power.
Qualities represent different types of activities and are related to where in a season a sign falls.
Qualities simply come off as soaked skins.
Qualities valued include clarity, succinctness, and precision.
Qualities vary greatly due to age and other factors.
Qualities Work under tight deadlines.
Quality abounds among Wisconsin's public school teachers.
Quality affects ability.
Quality affects cost.
Quality affects health.
Quality affects the price of the kitten.
Quality affects the target market for alfalfa produced and the price received for alfalfa marketed.
Quality assure the data load.
Quality attracts quality.
Quality attracts revenue.
Quality background a definite plus.
Quality beats quantity here.
Quality beats quantity in the long run.
Quality becomes concern.
Quality becomes important in all areas.
Quality becomes more and more a discriminating factor at consumer markets.
Quality begins and ends with people.
Quality begins at home.
Quality begins far from our manufacturing facility.
Quality begins in development, where computer-aided design is used extensively.
Quality begins in the fields, where only the finest herbs and raw materials are selected.
Quality begins with design and carries through final inspection, and field testing.
Quality begins with design.
Quality begins with people who share our core values.
Quality begins with the concept of the product.
Quality begins with the finest raw materials available in the United States.
Quality begins with the individuals assigned to tasks by project managers.
Quality breeds quality.
Quality breeds qualitymediocrity breeds mediocrity.
Quality brings recognition, and the pursuit of continuous quality improvement brings success.
Quality build and voiced electro-pneumatic instrument designed for a chamber installation.
Quality build, easy to service and repair.
Quality can be a subjective evaluation based on opinion.
Quality can be a subjective evaluation based upon opinion.
Quality can be a very big influence on overall performance.
Quality can be as outstanding and some companies produce limited editions of their work.
Quality can be difficult to measure.
Quality can be erratic.
Quality can be excellent, average, or poor.
Quality can be good if both users have fairly high bandwidth.
Quality can be mimicked, circumstances change.
Quality can be the difference between success and failure in the fitness industry.
Quality can be very superior to analog.
Quality can exist independent of quantity.
Quality Can Never Be Compromised.
Quality can overwhelm quantity.
Quality care at a reasonable price is available for patients of all ages.
Quality care at a reasonable price.
Quality care for all living beings is a shared responsibility.
Quality care for patients is a basic human right.
Quality care from broodmares to racehorse management.
Quality care with a personal touch.
Quality care without big dollar prices.
Quality care without compromise.
Quality care without the hassles.
Quality carries a little higher price tag.
Quality certainly can yield popularity.
Quality check all films before forwarding to next production department.
Quality check diamonds for flaw.
Quality check dwg's against schedules.
Quality cigars at best value prices.
Quality combined with high speed production is our main goal.
Quality comes before quanity.
Quality comes first and foremost.
Quality comes first in all stages of our program.
Quality comes first with cost and speed second.
Quality comes first.
Quality Comes First.
Quality comes from consistency, say contractors.
Quality comes from discipline.
Quality comes from good schools which are simply absent.
Quality comes from improvement of the process.
Quality comes from the fact that the development and hosting is handled at the same point.
Quality comes home.
Quality comes into existence because of crisis.
Quality comes through a dedicated continuous improvement strategy and performance mind set.
Quality comes through an infrastructure that is caring, just as the extended family is caring.
Quality comes with price.
Quality comes with quantity.
Quality comes with the correct balance.
Quality commensurate with that throughout the industry is going to be hard to define.
Quality contends it presented such evidence.
Quality continues to be good and yields remain average.
Quality continues to be good.
Quality continues to decline as the crop matures.
Quality continues to go down and prices keep going up.
Quality costs money and quality assurance costs even more.
Quality costs money, the best things in life are free.
Quality costs money.
Quality counts far more than quantity.
Quality counts greatly, and exceptional education quality is no exception.
Quality counts greatly, and exceptional quality is no exception.
Quality counts more than quantity.
Quality counts more then quantity.
Quality counts on all fronts.
Quality counts over quantity.
Quality covers originality or insight demonstrated, as well as the clarity of the communication.
Quality declines with advancing maturity.
Quality declines with concentration of ownership.
Quality defines itself.
Quality definitely means more than quantity.
Quality demands intense commitment from every person in our health system.
Quality demands specificity.
Quality depends more on a reputable publishing house.
Quality depends on conditions.
Quality depends on creativity.
Quality depends on data.
Quality depends on dot density and size.
Quality depends on factors.
Quality depends on feedback.
Quality depends on information.
Quality depends on many factors.
Quality depends on several factors.
Quality depends on several factors.
Quality depends on the encoder used, and can be quite good if done properly.
Quality depends on the quality of the original photograph.
Quality depends on the tea's origin, the season, and leaf processing techniques that are used.
Quality depends on timing.
Quality depends on viewer input.
Quality depends on when the feed was harvested and whether it is a grass or legume.
Quality derives from a natural combination of alkali soil, western sunlight and altitude.
Quality derives from natural combination of alkali soil, western sunlight and altitude.
Quality deserves respect and care.
Quality deserves to be recognized, no matter what platform it calls home.
Quality deserves to live.
Quality deteriorates rapidly past the boot stage.
Quality determines results.
Quality die cast material designed to look like a piston.
Quality diminishes if the program is overextended.
Quality diminishes when printed.
Quality Do good work.
Quality does change over storage, but change is going down.
Quality does come at a price though.
Quality does count.
Quality does indeed make a difference.
Quality does indeed Talk.
Quality does make a big difference.
Quality does make a difference.
Quality does matter .
Quality does matter and preventing slipping tiles and leaking roofs keeps the new homeowner happy.
Quality does matter.
Quality does pay off.
Quality does to increase meat goat herd.
Quality does vary.
Quality dove hunting opportunities are in high demand, but are often hard to find.
Quality drives any new purchase.
Quality drives our success.
Quality drives products.
Quality drops and it basically becomes a chain.
Quality emerges out of quantity.
Quality enclosures for reptiles at realistic prices.
Quality equals readiness.
Quality erotica for certain.
Quality extends beyond just the image and sound.
Quality extends beyond site, time, and instructor.
Quality extends to every aspect of our organization, including customer service.
Quality extends to other ingredients as well.
Quality extends to personnel as well.
Quality eyewear at affordable prices.
Quality features throughout.
Quality feed three times daily.
Quality first is our mission statement.
Quality focuses on meeting and exceeding customer needs.
Quality follows morale, as well.
Quality follows quality in.
Quality freebies no junk.
Quality gives Canada an edge.
Quality goes a long way to assuring good first impressions.
Quality goes beyond simply showing personal care, however.
Quality goes down.
Quality goes in the name.
Quality goes up as prices go down.
Quality goes up while the cost of quality goes down.
Quality goes up, expenses go down.
Quality grading - The main determining factor in rattan core is the choice of right material.
Quality guides balance aesthetics with usability.
Quality has performance.
Quality helps to lower cost and is one of the primary factors in the purchase making decision.
Quality here is defined as legibility of text, distinguishing colors, and legibility of fine lines.
Quality here means more than accuracy and objectivity.
Quality here refers to concepts such as timeliness, specificity, and accuracy.
Quality here varies wildly.
Quality -Highest quality people produce the highest quality products and service.
Quality improves ability.
Quality improves and is consistent from part to part.
Quality improves because the data search and analysis are performed closer to the decision-maker.
Quality improves profitability.
Quality improves with storage.
Quality improves with the use of headphones Adjust the volume to reduce any background noise.
Quality includes durability .
Quality includes form, fit, function, reliability, consistency and accuracy.
Quality includes freedom from minor defects .
Quality includes integrity, accuracy, consistency, completeness, timeliness and currency.
Quality includes quality of care, quality of services, and access to providers.
Quality includes such things as maintainability, portability, and adaptability.
Quality including throughout the pump while think storage management in louisiana.
Quality increases faster than quantity.
Quality indeed makes a difference.
Quality indeed works.
Quality indicates how well the software meets the requirements.
Quality influences reproductive success.
Quality influences success.
Quality influences survival.
Quality involves the coordination of many programs and activities.
Quality is a big factor in the value of a modern doll.
Quality is a big issue.
Quality is a big thing.
Quality is a bit below average.
Quality is a bit suspect.
Quality is a buzzword with manufacturing companies.
Quality is a by-product of a total change effort.
Quality is a collection of powerful tools and concepts that is proven to work.
Quality is a commitment shared by the people at the Toledo mill and throughout the company.
Quality is a company hallmark.
Quality is a complex subject and needs different treatment for different companies.
Quality is a concern to management.
Quality is a continuous road, rather than a one-way trip.
Quality is a corporate priority that affects every aspect of business.
Quality is a criteria in the selection of sites.
Quality is a critical component of telecommunications services and products.
Quality is a critical factor in our lives.
Quality is a crucial piece of the puzzle.
Quality is a descriptor of every segment of our business.
Quality is a different topic though.
Quality is a difficult term to define.
Quality is a fairly general word.
Quality is a function of the content and the texture.
Quality is a function of the repeatability, uniformity, and film properties produced by the process.
Quality is a given.
Quality Is A Given.
Quality is a greater problem than capacity.
Quality is a holistic concept.
Quality is a journey towards perfection and service excellence.
Quality is a key focus of our company.
Quality is a key issue.
Quality is a key success factor for any firm operating in today's competitive global environment.
Quality is a key to retaining that title.
Quality is a key word in every aspect of our activity.
Quality is a key word.
Quality is a line management issue.
Quality is a little easier to define.
Quality is a logical result of our working principles.
Quality is a lot of different measures.
Quality is a main concern.
Quality is a main selling point for all the products.
Quality is a major concern of the company.
Quality is a major concern.
Quality is a major factor in competitive advantage.
Quality is a major factor in the question of the morality of abortion.
Quality is a major part of the answer.
Quality is a major principal within our company and is taken very seriously.
Quality is a major problem.
Quality is a major, strategic association goal.
Quality is a management approach to long-term success through customer satisfaction.
Quality is a management issue.
Quality is a management problem.
Quality is a measurable attribute.
Quality is a measurement of conformance to requirements.
Quality is a moral issue.
Quality is a moving target as well.
Quality is a moving target with different meanings to different people.
Quality is a moving target, something like the one-mile race.
Quality is a much higher priority in today s Detroit, as are fuel efficiency and innovative design.
Quality is a myth in India.
Quality is a new concept.
Quality is a personal priority obligation.
Quality is a personal responsibility.
Quality is a philosophy and a process participated in by the whole of the organization.
Quality is a prerequisite for today's discerning customers.
Quality is a principal.
Quality is a priority, as is colour.
Quality is a promise our listeners, advertisers and marketing partners can count on.
Quality is a real issue for many video aficionados on a budget.
Quality is a refinement of one or more of the characteristics previously mentioned.
Quality is a relative term however.
Quality is a relative term, yet in the cruise industry it is the norm due to competition.
Quality is a relative term, yet in the cruise industry, it is the norm, due to competition.
Quality is a sensitive issue when it comes to arts and crafts products.
Quality is a set of value criteria that are projected into our behavior as a conscientious attitude.
Quality is a standard, a goal, or a set of requirements.
Quality is a sure thing too.
Quality is a sure thing, too.
Quality is a term that refers to public confidence in a product.
Quality is a top priority when considering a project budget based on our hourly rates.
Quality is a total organization responsibility that depends on each individual member of the team.
Quality is a very important factor in a stamp collection.
Quality is a way of doing business.
Quality is a way of life that requires all things be done right the first time.
Quality is a way of managing.
Quality is a word used so often in advertising that it sometimes becomes diluted.
Quality is about being consistent.
Quality is about the same as fine coal.
Quality is above average and yields are average to slightly better.
Quality is above average.
Quality is above quantity.
Quality is abstraction.
Quality is abundant.
Quality is acceptable at best.
Quality is acceptable when data are consistent, lack uncertainty, and meet users' needs.
Quality is acceptable.
Quality is affected by a city's level of advancement and battle experience.
Quality is alive and well and hanging on walls in Seattle.
Quality is all about call completion rates and attenuation.
Quality is all about data being available at the time work is done.
Quality is all but a distant memory.
Quality is all important, quantity immaterial.
Quality is all in the numbers.
Quality is all that really matters in a film.
Quality is also about more than the achievement of simple standards.
Quality is also about outcomes.
Quality is also an important issue.
Quality is also an issue here.
Quality is also an issue.
Quality is also critical.
Quality is also crucial.
Quality is also first rate for entry level gear.
Quality is also key to our success.
Quality is also more important than quantity.
Quality is also on the rise, due to the quick proliferation of best practices.
Quality is also subjective.
Quality is also the first commitment of the carmaker.
Quality is also time sensitive.
Quality is also very good on the pecan crop.
Quality is also very good.
Quality is also very important.
Quality is also very low for home lawn use.
Quality is always a problem just like price.
Quality is always an issue.
Quality is Always first.
Quality is always important, but when it comes to citrus, it's absolutely crucial.
Quality is always important.
Quality is always in demand.
Quality is always in style.
Quality is always more expensive.
Quality is always more important than quantity.
Quality is always of prime concern.
Quality is always on top of our agenda.
Quality is always our first priority.
Quality is always preferable to quantity.
Quality is always subjective.
Quality is always superior to quantity.
Quality is always the best buy in the long run.
Quality is always the final consideration.
Quality is always the first criterion.
Quality is always the first priority.
Quality is always the key to a succesful trade.
Quality is always the key.
Quality is always the most important criteria, especially in investing in a lifetime treasure.
Quality is always the primary consideration.
Quality is always the watchword and goal.
Quality is always worth the time.
Quality is among the better of the white hybrids.
Quality is an attribute
Quality is an elusive concept, as medicine remains an art as well as a science.
Quality is an entirely different paradigm.
Quality is an ethic.
Quality is an ever-evolving process.
Quality is an intrinsic value of true professionals.
Quality is an issue for both proponents of and opponents to distance education.
Quality is an outstanding teaching assistant training program which serves as a national model.
Quality is another issue.
Quality is anything that can be improved.
Quality is apparent throughout the barn.
Quality is as important as quantity.
Quality is as important as variety.
Quality is as much a factor in decisions for offshore outsourcing as is price.
Quality is as much an issue as quantity.
Quality is as usual - top.
Quality is as varied as the number of programs.
Quality is assessed by analyses.
Quality is assumed by the consumer.
Quality is at least as good as the guaranteed minimum.
Quality is at least as important.
Quality is at the centre of any debate on higher education today.
Quality is at the core of our business plan.
Quality is at the core of our products.
Quality is at the heart of our production processes and technology.
Quality is attributes.
Quality is average.
Quality is awareness among all employees.
Quality is awesome.
Quality is beautiful no matter what the number.
Quality is best if beans are harvested in early morning hours.
Quality is best if sold by the expiration date.
Quality is better and taste is uniquely different.
Quality is better overall, especially in areas of fine detail like the trees.
Quality is better than any other smoker in it's class.
Quality is better than hype.
Quality is better than quantity of information.
Quality is better than quantity.
Quality is better than variety seems to be the ethos.
Quality is better.
Quality is certainly near and dear to the man's heart.
Quality is clean, crisp leaves and firm heads with no browning or spots on leaves.
Quality is comparable.
Quality is complex and emergent.
Quality is concentrated in a great number of Ausleses.
Quality is consistent.
Quality is consistently high, run after run.
Quality is continuous improvement.
Quality is critical in determining a band uniforms life.
Quality is critical in order to be successful in the dry lumber market.
Quality is critical to assess when interviewing prospective vendors.
Quality is critical to survivable in the global market place and is clearly a labor issue.
Quality is critical.
Quality is crucial.
Quality is customer driven.
Quality is customer satisfaction.
Quality is dead.
Quality is degrees.
Quality is dependability, and dependability comes at a price.
Quality is dependent on fluctuations in moist and dry air.
Quality is dependent on the bandwidth, or the amount of data that needs to be moved per second.
Quality is dependent on the resolution of the printer and the kind of paper used.
Quality is dependent on the source material and the lab doing the work.
Quality is dependent on variables including hardware, connection speed or operating system.
Quality is dependent upon image size, and complexity and the fidelity of the original content.
Quality is difficult to measure.
Quality is down.
Quality is dry stuff folks.
Quality is due primarily to the original microfilm and the printers used.
Quality is economy.
Quality is embedded in every sphere of activity.
Quality is energy.
Quality is ensured and software integrity is safeguarded.
Quality is equal.
Quality is especially critical when a customer perceives high risk in making the purchase.
Quality is essen- tial in each and every project completed.
Quality is essential for consistent success.
Quality is essential for our students, faculty, staff and learning environment.
Quality is essential for retaining the confidence of our clients .
Quality is essential to all of our work.
Quality is essential to the durability of our products.
Quality is essential, and takes priority over quantity.
Quality is essential.
Quality is everyone's responsibility.
Quality is everything with herbs.
Quality is everything.
Quality is evident, with a refreshing lack of pretension.
Quality is exactly the same.
Quality is excellent and all formats are available.
Quality is excellent and cost is considerably less than full antique.
Quality is excellent and cost is less than full antique.
Quality is excellent and most items are manufactured on a semicustom backorder basis.
Quality is excellent and prices are competitive.
Quality is excellent and prices are more than reasonable.
Quality is excellent and prices are very reasonable.
Quality is excellent and print is laser-quality.
Quality is excellent but few products are available.
Quality is excellent soundboard.
Quality is excellent with many variaties.
Quality is excellent, and the cost is outstanding.
Quality is excellent, as is the technical support.
Quality is excellent, but download reliability suffers a bit due to massive traffic.
Quality is excellent, consistent shape, nicely formed eyes, and a good quality bronze finish.
Quality is excellent, easiliy rivaling some of the best names in the market.
Quality is excellent, with high bushel weight and no disease.
Quality is excellent.
Quality is exceptional.
Quality is exceptionally high, the car has the feel of solid goods and the price is right.
Quality is extreme, subject both touching and artistic.
Quality is extremely high, prices are keen and service is high up on the priority list.
Quality is factor number one.
Quality is fair and size is small to medium.
Quality is fair and size is variable.
Quality is fair and sizes are variable.
Quality is fair in the central valley with slight decay in some lots.
Quality is fair overall.
Quality is fair to average, although usually good enough to get the point across.
Quality is fair to good and is improving.
Quality is fair to good with all sizes available.
Quality is fair to good with mostly smaller sizes available.
Quality is fair to good with normal sizes available.
Quality is fair to good with small and medium sizes available.
Quality is fair to good with some fancy sizes available.
Quality is fair to good with some gradeout due to sunburn of fruit.
Quality is fair to good with variable size.
Quality is fair to good with variable sizes available.
Quality is fair to good.
Quality is fair to mostly good.
Quality is fair with small to medium and a few large sizes available.
Quality is fair, there's some problem with recording volume, but it's listenable.
Quality is fair.
Quality is fantastic.
Quality is far above average, again the best of the three vintages.
Quality is far more important than quantity.
Quality is far more than just a favorable analysis of a product.
Quality is finally in the mind of the user.
Quality is first and foremost when it comes to our products.
Quality is first class.
Quality is first, and everything else is nowhere.
Quality is fitness for use.
Quality is for ever.
Quality is for leaders.
Quality is foremost in the minds of everyone in our shop.
Quality is foremost.
Quality is Free .
Quality Is Free .
Quality Is Free introduced American companies to a formal process for ensuring quality.
Quality is free.
Quality is Free.
Quality Is Free.
Quality is from soundcard.
Quality is fundamental.
Quality is generally good with good color.
Quality is generally good.
Quality is generally high.
Quality is generally higher in programs offered by outside resources.
Quality is generally poor and staff is untrained.
Quality is generally poor.
Quality is generally poorer than in studies on the triple test.
Quality is generally quite excellent and service is always friendly.
Quality is generally very good.
Quality is good and regularly updated.
Quality is good and stone is free.
Quality is good and the yield is fair.
Quality is good and the yield is normal.
Quality is good and yield is average.
Quality is good and yield is normal.
Quality is good and yields are improving each week.
Quality is good as dessert and excellent canned.
Quality is good as volume increases.
Quality is good at present, although it is threatened.
Quality is good being ripe, soft and oily and with tan buff color.
Quality is good but the character sets are limited.
Quality is good for canning.
Quality is good for dessert and excellent for jam.
Quality is good for dessert or canning and stone is somewhat free.
Quality is good there because they are typically smaller settings.
Quality is good to above average.
Quality is good to excellent.
Quality is good to very good.
Quality is good with a fair volume available over the next three weeks.
Quality is good with a good supply available over the next two weeks.
Quality is good with a good supply of all sizes available.
Quality is good with a good volume available over the next two weeks.
Quality is good with a good volume available.
Quality is good with abundant supplies available.
Quality is good with decreasing supplies available.
Quality is good with fair supplies available for the next two weeks.
Quality is good with good supplies available.
Quality is good with normal sizes and color.
Quality is good with steady supplies available.
Quality is good with supplies increasing seasonally.
Quality is good with variable sizes available.
Quality is good with yellow, white, and bi- color available.
Quality is good, and certainly better than anything on offer from a laser.
Quality is good, and spellings of name are fairly consistent.
Quality is good, but size is variable.
Quality is good, overall grapefruit size appears good.
Quality is good.
Quality is great here in Sweden.
Quality is great, nice sleak design.
Quality is hard to define, yet almost everyone recognizes it.
Quality is hard to define.
Quality is hard to find.
Quality is hard to measure, but more and more information is becoming available.
Quality is harder to evaluate than costs or availability.
Quality is harmony and sympathy.
Quality is high for most everything with higher than normal acidity from the earlier harvests.
Quality is high in all the products.
Quality is high in the spring, but drops rapidly.
Quality is high, but so are prices.
Quality is high, prices are reasonable, delivery is swift, and satisfaction is guaranteed.
Quality is high.
Quality is higher and costs are lower.
Quality is Highly Valuable.
Quality is immutable.
Quality is impeccable.
Quality is imperative.
Quality is important as quantity.
Quality is important because improving quality improves business.
Quality is important due to the extremely competitive nature of the high-technology industries.
Quality is important from the standpoint of physical quality and locational quality.
Quality is important in aggregate production, too.
Quality is important in the web page's hidden structure and underlying layout.
Quality is important now.
Quality is important to homeowners when buying a new home or selling their existing one.
Quality is important to the end user of our product.
Quality is important too.
Quality is important, along with quantity.
Quality is important, and as in every aspect of French life, so is moderation.
Quality is important, and content is king.
Quality is important, but it seems that often that quality is all or nothing.
Quality is important, too fuzzy, blurred images only frustrate buyers.
Quality is important, too.
Quality is important.
Quality is improved by frost, and the plant can withstand light freeze.
Quality is in both the content and the pedagogy.
Quality is in control.
Quality is in every container of bottled water.
Quality is in our blood.
Quality is 'in our blood'.
Quality is in the beholder's eyes.
Quality is in the design.
Quality is in the details.
Quality is in the eye of the beholder and everyone is entitled to a different opinion.
Quality is in the eye of the beholder.
Quality is in the eye of the customer.
Quality is in the eyes of the user.
Quality is in the mind of the user.
Quality is increasingly important because the legal market is a mature service market.
Quality is indeed more important that quantity.
Quality is infinite.
Quality is infinitely better than quantity.
Quality is influenced by time and fashion.
Quality is intellect.
Quality is internal.
Quality is intrinsically good.
Quality is intrinsically moral.
Quality is intuition.
Quality is jewelry's most important asset.
Quality is just as important as quantity.
Quality is key , before and after site acquisition.
Quality is key on the Internet where the signal to noise ratio is low.
Quality is key, and IMHO moderation at some levels is a necessary component for quality.
Quality is key.
Quality is king in the music business.
Quality is left for future steps.
Quality is life.
Quality is limited over the Internet.
Quality is loud, barking or honking.
Quality is low but the video is cool.
Quality is lower, images tend to look more grainy or pixelated.
Quality is maintained and consumers of the product have been nothing but pleased.
Quality is maintained by combining experienced personnel with the right equipment.
Quality is maintained by drying in several passes through a dryer.
Quality is maintained by establishing partnerships with proven leaders in entrepreneurial education.
Quality is maintained by meticulous work in the vineyard, small yields and innovative wine-making.
Quality is maintained by verification of all data.
Quality is maintained interms of function.
Quality is maintained throughout the manufacturing process.
Quality is maintained to the best.
Quality is mandatory and is essential to delivering valued services.
Quality is maximized when variation is minimized.
Quality is measurable.
Quality is measured and monitored to ensure that clients are satisfied with our products.
Quality is measured by comparing how well different people thrive with the care they receive.
Quality is measured by comparing the amount of the work used to the entire work.
Quality is measured by conformance to requirements established by facilities management personnel.
Quality is measured by customer satisfaction.
Quality is measured by failure rate, compatibility, and performance.
Quality is measured by inputs.
Quality is measured by the customer.
Quality is measured by the group by monitoring the connection with the sides of their feet.
Quality is measured by the same rigid inspection levels used by U.S. military agencies.
Quality is measured uniquely by each client.
Quality is medium.
Quality is mixed, but most images lend themselves to improvement using a paint program.
Quality is more consistent and users know what they are getting.
Quality is more difficult to evaluate.
Quality is more important than any other consideration.
Quality is more important than form.
Quality is more important than length of experience.
Quality is more important than length.
Quality is more important than medium in choosing work to include.
Quality is more important than national origin.
Quality is more important than price.
Quality is more important than quantity here.
Quality is more important than quantity or glitz.
Quality is more important than quantity when it comes to healthy relationships with others.
Quality is more important than quantity, since the universe amplifies thought into circumstance.
Quality is more important than quantity.
Quality is more important than size.
Quality is more important than speed right now.
Quality is more important than speed.
Quality is more important than the pathetic, mere measureable quantity of life.
Quality is more important than volume.
Quality is more important that new features.
Quality is more important that quantity in our sunday school.
Quality is more important that quantity.
Quality is more impressive than quantity.
Quality is more than just an attribute of a product.
Quality is more valuable than quantity.
Quality is most important when it comes to tour guides.
Quality is most important.
Quality is mostly fair to good.
Quality is mostly good for fancy grades.
Quality is mostly good to excellent.
Quality is mostly good with steady supplies available.
Quality is mostly good with variable sizes available.
Quality is mostly good with yellow, white and bi-color varieties available.
Quality is mostly good.
Quality is much better than average.
Quality is much better than quantity.
Quality is much more important than quanity.
Quality is much more important than quantity, but sometimes it takes a lot of hours . . .
Quality is much more important than quantity.
Quality is MUCH more important than quantity.
Quality is much more important then quantity when shopping for art.
Quality is much more than accurate grading.
Quality is necessary for success in a business on every level.
Quality is neither a department, nor a technique nor a philosophy.
Quality is neither more nor less than values to some person or persons.
Quality is never accidental.
Quality is never an accident , it is the result of an intelligent effort.
Quality is never an accident.
Quality is no accident.
Quality is no longer a product-related only function.
Quality is no longer the leader's objective.
Quality is non-negotiable.
Quality is non-uniform.
Quality is now a national health care issue.
Quality is now an issue in many countries.
Quality is now excellent, with rich colors and high definition.
Quality is number ONE, in addition to excellent service.
Quality is of course a priority in all fields.
Quality is of essence.
Quality is of greater concern.
Quality is of importance.
Quality is of paramount concern.
Quality is of paramount importance to market acceptance.
Quality is of the essence.
Quality is of the utmost importance.
Quality is of top grade, yet the price is affordable.
Quality is of utmost importance in consideration of all relationships and relatedness.
Quality is of utmost importance.
Quality is often a subjective judgment that defies quantitative measurement.
Quality is often expensive so is getting it there.
Quality is often just as good with small overlaps settings.
Quality is often more important than quantity.
Quality is often the key and industry often carves out niches.
Quality is OK, when the camera stands still for long enough some of the shots are quite good.
Quality is okay but nearly everyone is down south half.
Quality is on par with other high price titaniums.
Quality is on the upswing, as cigarmakers have sufficient time to age tobacco and finished cigars.
Quality is once again on the way to becoming king.
Quality is one issue.
Quality is one of our main criteria when it becomes to drug product selection.
Quality is one of our many strengths.
Quality is one of our most important needs.
Quality is one of our strongest points.
Quality is one of the criteria that people use to assess value.
Quality is one of the most important aspects of a resume.
Quality is one of the most important aspects of corporate success in today's marketplace.
Quality is one of the most important factors in valuing a gem.
Quality is one of the primary ways that health plans are evaluated by themselves and others.
Quality is one the driving force of the development effort.
Quality is one thing value is another.
Quality is only average, but the gills show up well.
Quality is only fair.
Quality is only meaningful when related to the impact a given program has on the life of a customer.
Quality is only part of the story.
Quality is our best assurance of customer allegiance.
Quality is our big factor.
Quality is our business.
Quality is our by-word.
Quality is our commitment and prompt deliveries are a norm.
Quality is our commitment to the customer.
Quality is our commitment.
Quality is our corporate mandate.
Quality is our difference in portrait photography.
Quality is our distinctive hallmark.
Quality is our edge.
Quality is our first and foremost consideration.
Quality is our first concern.
Quality is our first priority.
Quality is our first Priority.
Quality is our focus.
Quality is our foremost concern, and excellence is the hallmark of all our professional services.
Quality is our goal.
Quality is our guiding principle.
Quality is our hallmark and being a manufacturer, price is always competitive.
Quality is our hallmark.
Quality is our Hallmark.
Quality is our heritage.
Quality is our highest priority.
Quality is our job.
Quality is our key criterion for applicant selection.
Quality is our keynote.
Quality is our main goal through each step and detail in our production.
Quality is our main goal.
Quality is our major concern.
Quality is our middle name.
Quality is our most important consideration and a practiced tradition since our begining.
Quality is our most important feature.
Quality is our most important goal.
Quality is our most important ingredient.
Quality is our most important product.
Quality is our motto, while service and value are key ingredients to our success.
Quality is our motto.
Quality is our Motto.
Quality is our name for a reason.
Quality is our number one concern.
Quality is our number one goal.
Quality is our number one issue, with price right behind.
Quality is our number one priority off the River.
Quality is our number one priority.
Quality is our number quest.
Quality is our obsession.
Quality is our only consideration.
Quality is our patent protection.
Quality is our policy . . .
Quality is our pride.
Quality is our primary concern from the minute the order is taken.
Quality is our primary goal.
Quality is our prime concern.
Quality is our priority and it shows.
Quality is Our Priority.
Quality is our specialty.
Quality is our standard.
Quality is our steadiest value.
Quality is our subjective rating of the product's picture quality, as evaluated on our jury tests.
Quality is our top priority.
Quality is our tradition - a tradition with future.
Quality is our underpinning ethos.
Quality is our watchword, service is our priority.
Quality is our watchword.
Quality is our way of doing business.
Quality is out and quantity is in.
Quality is outstanding, processing issues are non existent.
Quality is outstanding.
Quality is paramount, and all fabric is subjected to careful inspection.
Quality is paramount, and ingredients are very fresh, which can be a challenge in a landlocked city.
Quality is paramount, with each piece of lumber individually selected, cut and packaged.
Quality is paramount.
Quality is part of every employee's job.
Quality is part of the approach to the job - everywhere.
Quality is particularly important in open and distance learning.
Quality is particularly important with blood and blood products.
Quality is passion.
Quality is performance.
Quality is perhaps the most important area when it comes to digital music.
Quality is poor although audibility is good.
Quality is poor and establishment is very slow.
Quality is poor but it does have the trailer which is surprisingly short.
Quality is poor but much faster.
Quality is poor to fair.
Quality is poor, though, as the picture is grainy and appears to overlap up top.
Quality is poor.
Quality is preserved and enhanced.
Quality is pretty good too.
Quality is priority in all items.
Quality is priority one.
Quality is probably the most frequently measured aspect of MT systems.
Quality is product-focused.
Quality is productivity.
Quality is properties.
Quality is proved by shipping documents.
Quality is put into each job.
Quality is quality no matter who made it or when it was made.
Quality is quality.
Quality is questionable.
Quality is quite a separate question.
Quality is rather low for the web-based graphics to keep bandwidth requirements reasonable.
Quality is reality.
Quality is reasonably good considering the dry conditions.
Quality is reasonably good so far.
Quality is reduced due to recent hail damage.
Quality is religious inspiration.
Quality is remarkable, with uniformly bright and vivid colour.
Quality is requisite to productivity.
Quality is responsive to the voice of the recipient.
Quality is responsiveness plus continuous small improvements.
Quality is right.
Quality is sacrosanct, but never at the expense of our client's budget.
Quality is secondary.
Quality is seen as depending on and subordinate to quantity.
Quality is seen as equivalent to 'control of all production processes'.
Quality is seen in just about every car that rolls off all assembly lines.
Quality is shown by both beauty and durability.
Quality is shown by performance.
Quality is significantly lower than that for preschool care.
Quality is similar between varieties of a crop species.
Quality is similar to a cell phone with a slight delay.
Quality is similar to west European trains.
Quality is slightly more inclusive than characteristic.
Quality is something most people expect out of an AOpen motherboard.
Quality is somewhat less than the brass or copper dies.
Quality is spirituality.
Quality is spotty, but at places very good.
Quality is still good, and the beauty is still there.
Quality is still important though.
Quality is still key.
Quality is still the key.
Quality is subjective and difficult to quantify.
Quality is subjective matter.
Quality is such a hard thing to define.
Quality is superb, presentation is lovely and the selections stretch over several tables.
Quality is superior to a xerox, and it is made to be viewed electronically.
Quality is superior.
Quality is superlative.
Quality is supposed to take precedence over everything else.
Quality is surpassingly good, considering the low investment.
Quality is the absolute, uncompromising criterion for selection.
Quality is the bedrock of inclusive child care.
Quality is the bedrock upon which good pharmaceutical care is built.
Quality is the benchmark in carrying out the essential tasks of operating our school.
Quality is the best value.
Quality is the big difference between tradition and repetition.
Quality is the big question.
Quality is the bottom line.
Quality is the chemical composition of that mass.
Quality is the cornerstone of our work.
Quality is the degree of excellence that customers require when they pay for products.
Quality is the degree to which a specific product conforms to a design or specification.
Quality is the degree to which a specific product satisfies the wants of a specific consumer.
Quality is the degree to which a specific product satisfies the wants of a specific customer.
Quality is the degree to which a specified product conforms to a design or specification.
Quality is the diction, delivery, and sound characteristics graveliness or smoothness.
Quality is the difference.
Quality is the distinguishing characteristic of interpersonal communication.
Quality is the driving force from drawing board to finished product.
Quality is the essence of our production.
Quality is the essential source for the continued of growth on enterprise.
Quality is the ethical principle of the good.
Quality is the final arbiter.
Quality is the first concern.
Quality is the first consideration.
Quality is the first criterion of inclusion.
Quality is the first main disadvantage and availability is the second.
Quality is the first thing to consider when purchasing a faucet.
Quality is the focus.
Quality is the foundation for a successful and effective Internet presence.
Quality is the foundation of our business.
Quality is the fundamental precept, on which the company s business processes are based.
Quality is the greatest variable of the three.
Quality is the guiding principle of each of our employee.
Quality is the hallmark of higher education.
Quality is the hallmark of our ability to provide maintenance readiness to soldiers.
Quality is the hallmark of professionalism.
Quality is the hallmark of the world class periodical .
Quality is the hallmark that sets Black Mountain Weavers apart.
Quality is the heart of excellence.
Quality is the heart of our business and key to our goal of total customer satisfaction.
Quality is the key concept in the company's competitive strategy.
Quality is the key here.
Quality is the key to a powerlifting program.
Quality is the key to all our work.
Quality is the key to being chosen as suppliers.
Quality is the key to getting someone's attention.
Quality is the key to lasting safety.
Quality is the key to our success.
Quality is the key to success in our plunger pumps also.
Quality is the key to success.
Quality is the key word at the winery.
Quality is the key word here.
Quality is the key word.
Quality is the key, however.
Quality is the key.
Quality is the keyword in all phases of production.
Quality is the keyword.
Quality is the level of fine detail that the performer, or up-loader, chooses to send to the viewer.
Quality is the life of enterprise.
Quality is the life-line of the travel industry.
Quality is the major catch at the moment.
Quality is the major concern of our company.
Quality is the major criterion used in selecting the music to be performed.
Quality is the major difference.
Quality is the mantra that guides all our activities.
Quality is the most difficult concept to define.
Quality is the most important criterion for selecting raw materials.
Quality is the most important thing for a work.
Quality is the most significant criteria.
Quality is the motto for our business.
Quality is the motto.
Quality is the name of the game versus quantity.
Quality is the name of the game.
Quality is the natural outcome when small groups are responsible for every aspect of each product.
Quality is the number one concern.
Quality is the number one requirement on our list.
Quality is the obvious answer.
Quality is the only acceptable standard for service to the customers of today.
Quality is the other.
Quality is the outside of an object, the inside of which is caring.
Quality is the preeminent criterion in the admissions process.
Quality is the primary reason for pet owners willing to pay a higher price.
Quality is the real goal of design.
Quality is the reason.
Quality is the reproductions is excellent.
Quality is the responsibility of all employees.
Quality is the responsibility of every employee.
Quality is the responsibility of every member of the agency team.
Quality is the responsibility of every worker in every process.
Quality is the responsibility of the individual operators.
Quality is the single most important factor.
Quality is the spine of our business.
Quality is the sum of hundreds of details.
Quality is the the most noticeable of the two.
Quality is the totality of specified or implied characteristics.
Quality is the ultimate goal.
Quality is the unknown numerator in the value equation that drives healthcare delivery today.
Quality is the watch ward.
Quality is the watchword of the organisation.
Quality is the watchword, together with strength and elegance.
Quality is the whole of reality.
Quality is their way to get in new system.
Quality is there from the start.
Quality is therefore essential and fundamental to our continuous success.
Quality is to be preferred over size, especially when buying diamonds.
Quality is too subjective.
Quality is top-notch.
Quality is tops.
Quality is understood to include such characteristics as accuracy, adequacy, and reliability.
Quality is undoubtedly a consideration.
Quality is uneven, but it's authentic.
Quality is uneven, though it's been good for a while.
Quality is uneven, with some overlap, but includes some noteworthy papers.
Quality is uniformly good.
Quality is universal.
Quality is unknown, but the price is reasonable.
Quality is unpredictable and has declined over time.
Quality is up, costs are down.
Quality is up, so is ease of use.
Quality is up.
Quality is upgraded continuously to match the best in the world.
Quality is uppermost on our minds.
Quality is uppermost with our service.
Quality is usually a judgement, especially in sports such as diving, boxing, and gymnastics.
Quality is usually the most important factor.
Quality is usually uniform and cows like to eat corn silage.
Quality is variable and ranges fair to mostly good.
Quality is variable and ranges from fair to mostly good.
Quality is variable but mostly good.
Quality is variable from chapter to chapter, but still about six good chapters.
Quality is variable ranging fair to mostly good.
Quality is variable.
Quality is very decent.
Quality is very different, depending on personal resources and goals.
Quality is very good and is enhanced for widescreen TV's.
Quality is very good and very sweet.
Quality is very good and yields are average.
Quality is very good for fancy grades.
Quality is very good though.
Quality is very good with some smaller sizes being reported.
Quality is very good.
Quality is very high, yielding a magazine or near-photographic level of quality.
Quality is very high.
Quality is VERY important to playability and reliability.
Quality is very important when building a vehicle.
Quality is very important when purchasing magnets.
Quality is very important.
Quality is very poor and reflects little or no effort.
Quality is very poor though.
Quality is very, very important .
Quality is WebAura.net's hallmark.
Quality is what distinguishes a good company from a great one.
Quality is what it s all about.
Quality is what makes or breaks a visit.
Quality is what matters.
Quality is what needs controlling.
Quality is what our sets are all about and so affordable.
Quality is what sells.
Quality is what set one pressure washer apart from another.
Quality is what the customer says it is.
Quality is what the customers perceive it to be.
Quality is what they want.
Quality is what's important.
Quality is world-best and cost is low.
Quality is yet another problem.
Quality is zero.
Quality isa entity.
Quality kittens for pets or breeding programs.
Quality kittens with beautiful blue eye color and non-matting silky coats.
Quality ladies fashions for the modern woman.
Quality leads to financial success.
Quality leads to jobs and more jobs.
Quality leads to purity.
Quality leads to repeat assignments, referrals, and productive working relationships.
Quality leads to success.
Quality learn above little music finally attract lisbon hotel.
Quality lies in the pattern that connects.
Quality lighting rather than poor lighting is essential for any real security.
Quality lipstick at a low price.
Quality looks reasonably good for the first picking.
Quality looks solid and definitely worth a look.
Quality looks to be very good.
Quality lures with fair price.
Quality makes differences.
Quality matters infinitely more than quantity.
Quality means attention, dedication, commitment, talent, and, above all, ample time.
Quality means best for certain customer conditions.
Quality means business.
Quality means consistently achieving a higher standard.
Quality means creative, resourceful, responsive design.
Quality means delivering an error-free product every time.
Quality means doing the job right the first time.
Quality means efficient use of our capacity.
Quality means excellence in academics from all perspectives.
Quality means excellence in every aspect of our business.
Quality means fast, clear web design that looks good and is easy to understand.
Quality means focusing on the basic fundamentals of character, music, story and message.
Quality means just what they want it to.
Quality means meeting and exceeding our customer s needs and expectations.
Quality means meeting customers' needs the first time and every time.
Quality means more than price.
Quality means to satisfactorily meet a specific, well-defined objective.
Quality microscope sales and service.
Quality needs to be assured.
Quality needs to be reasonable and variety is appreciated.
Quality needs to be stressed over quantity.
Quality never changes.
Quality never happens by chance.
Quality never is.
Quality now means the quality of Earth.
Quality occurs at the point at which subject and object meet.
Quality outweighs quantity where kinship is concerned.
Quality outweighs quantity.
Quality pays off.
Quality pens with fly fishing motif.
Quality permeates through the business.
Quality playing conditions and environmental stewardship on the golf course are compatible.
Quality plays a much more important role in dentistry than in many other businesses.
Quality prevails from beauty treatments to meeting rooms, to bars and restaurants.
Quality prevails with high threadcount linens and down comforters.
Quality produces upon a notebook computer cheap.
Quality provides an inseparable aspect of the evaluation of any work operation.
Quality provides tangible value towards the satisfaction of human needs.
Quality ranges fair to mostly good.
Quality ranges from average to very good.
Quality ranges from chips at the low end to perfect at the high end.
Quality ranges from excellent to poor depending on farming practices.
Quality ranges from excellent to poor depending on the weather conditions at the time of cutting.
Quality ranges from fair to good, some appear to be photos of photos.
Quality ranges from good to poor.
Quality ranges from poor to excellent.
Quality ranges from the awful to the awesome.
Quality reaches every aspect of our global operations.
Quality read length is slightly less with the capillary instrument than with the gels.
Quality refers to accuracy, appearance, usefulness, or effectiveness.
Quality refers to relevance, appropriateness to topic, coherence, clarity, and voice volume.
Quality refers to the ability to operate within their specified design parameters.
Quality refers to the coarseness of the picture.
Quality refers to the color of the light emitted by a light source.
Quality refers to the excellence of our faculty, postdoctoral fellows, and students.
Quality refers to the extent to which the materials are clean, consistent, and contaminant-free.
Quality refers to the level of detail displayed in an image.
Quality refers to the overall school experience.
Quality remains a high priority.
Quality remains a theme of program review and new program development.
Quality remains an important issue in choosing suppliers.
Quality remains at a fair standard, with only odd drafts being of poorer condition.
Quality remains fair to good.
Quality remains generally good.
Quality remains good.
Quality remains high.
Quality remains the highest priority of everyone associated with the system.
Quality remains uncompromised.
Quality remains variable.
Quality replaces quantity.
Quality represents a commitment to excellence and the wise choice of many alternatives.
Quality represents a process of continuous improvement that begins with education.
Quality requires adequate funding.
Quality requires attention to detail.
Quality requires both individual and team zealotry.
Quality requires conformance to requirements or standards.
Quality requires continuous improvement.
Quality requires dedication to excellence.
Quality requires meeting client needs efficiently and in a way which maximizes results.
Quality requires money.
Quality requires participation.
Quality requires patience and returns pride.
Quality requires planning, monitoring and continuously finding new ways to improve.
Quality resumes at affordable prices.
Quality rims from Indiana.
Quality rivals the best of the eastern states with increasing consistency.
Quality run matching.
Quality running resources are sometimes a tough find.
Quality saddle and pack horses available for summer and hunting trips or full season.
Quality scores much above quantity.
Quality seem Table throughout finger among none dallas cowboys hat until declare from an breadth.
Quality seems as important as as quantity at the plant.
Quality seems better, The program dial is sturdier and focus is faster.
Quality seems decent but unexceptional.
Quality seems equally fine.
Quality seems generally strong but has a few problems, most notably some distortion.
Quality seems to be something that ultimately originates with a demand.
Quality seems to be the largest issue in Chile.
Quality seems to be very good and they are much cheaper than the standard Furman power providers.
Quality seems to have continually been replaced by quantity measurements.
Quality sells because quality lasts.
Quality sells better.
Quality sets the amount of compression on the image.
Quality shines, it's obvious.
Quality show cattle and breeding stock are available for purchase.
Quality shows a respect for the child and teaches the child respect for belongings.
Quality shows mix results.
Quality shows results.
Quality skins from top skinners and up and coming unknowns.
Quality sound along a leader yet treat mountain bike.
Quality sounds and effects mixed with an intelligent and forceful progression.
Quality sounds at a budget-level price.
Quality sounds for weddings, private parties, fraternity-sorority parties, funerals, etc.
Quality speaks for itself and timely service is immeasurable.
Quality speaks for itself.
Quality speaks louder than quantity.
Quality speaks volumes.
Quality spells success.
Quality sportswear for every major sport and team.
Quality starts at the inception of a product and continues through all phases of production.
Quality starts at the very beginning of the design process.
Quality starts by purchasing only from the most reputable suppliers.
Quality starts during design, with an unwavering attention to detail.
Quality starts in the field.
Quality starts in the pasture.
Quality starts on-farm.
Quality starts when everyone thinks like an owner.
Quality starts with clear communication and continues throughout the process.
Quality starts with materials, and finishes with design and workmanship.
Quality starts with our experienced people.
Quality starts with our product design from the raw material selected to manufacturing tolerances.
Quality starts with our talented staff of professionals.
Quality starts with People.
Quality stays high, but the selling price drops.
Quality still counts for something on the Internet.
Quality still reigns as the most important factor in supplier selection.
Quality still reigns over all.
Quality stretch to smaller or larger images.
Quality suffers because attention, effort, and energy are directed toward quantity.
Quality suffers if a requirement or standard is reduced while reducing costs.
Quality suffers when booksellers are sure to sell their stock.
Quality suffers when work is privatized.
Quality suffers, however, from the lack of subpixel positioning and anti-aliasing.
Quality takes care of everything.
Quality takes over from quantity.
Quality takes precedence over quantity.
Quality takes time and money.
Quality takes time sit back relax and enjoy.
Quality takes time, and money can help.
Quality takes time, but is worth the wait.
Quality takes time, money and unequivocal dedication.
Quality takes time. . . . . .
Quality takes time.
Quality tells the difference.
Quality translates into pricing power.
Quality underpins both safety and efficacy and quality assurance is a continuous process.
Quality upgrades throughout.
Quality varies accordingly.
Quality varies after freezing.
Quality varies among managed care plans.
Quality varies among manufacturers.
Quality varies between links since each link is independent and site specific.
Quality varies but most are extremely well done.
Quality varies considerably from re-enactment to designed only for display.
Quality varies considerably, but public interest is rising steadily.
Quality varies depending on the subject area.
Quality varies dramatically.
Quality varies enormously, with some being notoriously bad.
Quality varies from site to site.
Quality varies from title to title from fair to very good quality.
Quality varies from title to title from fair to very good.
Quality varies greatly.
Quality varies more in hay than in any other major feed crop.
Quality varies on the extensive dinner menu.
Quality varies significantly from sample to sample.
Quality varies since most web rings are fairly unmoderated.
Quality varies somewhat between brands.
Quality varies throughout.
Quality varies too much.
Quality varies widely especially on the Internet.
Quality varies widely from barely intelligible to human-intelligible.
Quality varies widely from one manufacturer to the next.
Quality varies widely from product to product.
Quality varies widely on the Internet.
Quality varies widely, though.
Quality varies widely.
Quality varies with make and model of DVD player.
Quality varies with material and manufacturer.
Quality varies with the company, here, too.
Quality varies with the individual maintainer.
Quality varies with the source.
Quality varies with time.
Quality wants sufficient focus on early-phase assessment.
Quality watch replicas and imitation sunglasses.
Quality weanlings on up to finished show and pleasure Rockies available.
Quality wins out over dishonesty and evil.
Quality womens shoes from Italy and Europe.
Quality work at a fair price.
Quality work at a great price.
Quality work at a reasonable price.
Quality work at a Reasonable price.
Quality work at a reasonable rate.
Quality work at an affordable price.
Quality work for a fair price.
Quality work for the discriminating needleworker.
Quality work for well-respected institutions.
Quality work including hot and cold shoeing, corrective shoeing and trimming.
Quality work with a creative touch.
Quality work with honest, friendly service.
Quality always comes first.
Quality always feels good, and the greater the quality, the longer the good feeling lasts.
Quality always improves while prices can go up or down.
Quality always is easier to resell.
Quality always is.
Quality always matters.
Quality always pays.
Quality always stands out and depth of content is a valuable resource.
Quality always wins out over hype in sports.
Quality usually costs more.
All qualities conform to the whole.
All qualities rare in today's business market.
All quality is guaranteed.
All quality points over that amount are positive grade points.
Every quality manifests itself in a certain quantity, and without quantity there can be no quality.
Every quality manifests itself in a certain quantity, and without quantity, there can be no quality.
Many qualities are available on the market.
Many qualities are important to successful tutoring.
Many qualities are necessary to be an outstanding science teacher.
Many qualities can make a book unusual and interesting.
Many qualities contribute to a teacher's effectiveness.
Most quality affects ability.
Most quality affects health.
Most quality becomes concern.
Most quality depends on conditions.
Most quality depends on factors.
Most quality depends on many factors.
Most quality depends on several factors.
Most quality has performance.
Most quality improves ability.
Most quality influences reproductive success.
Most quality is assessed by analyses.
Most quality leads to financial success.
Most quality leads to success.
Most quality makes differences.
Most quality shows mix results.
Most quality shows results.
Some qualities relate to curriculum and teaching methods.
Some qualities seem common in successful business people.
Some qualities show no pungency at all, others are fairly hot.
Some quality affects aquatic life.
Some quality affects development.
Some quality affects growth.
Some quality affects intake.
Some quality affects life.
Some quality affects production.
Some quality depends on availability.
Some quality depends on choices.
Some quality depends on lifestyle choices.
Some quality ensures high quality.
Some quality ensures quality.
Some quality has advantage.
Some quality has direct impact.
Some quality has effects.
Some quality has impact.
Some quality has negative effects.
Some quality has negative impact.
Some quality has significant impact.
Some quality has term impact.
Some quality leads to erosion.
Some quality provides benefits.
Some quality provides health benefits.
Some quality relates to comfort.
Some quality relates to health.
Some quality relates to public health.
QualServe programs are the pathway to excellence for water and wastewater utilities worldwide.
Quandaries seem to lose their urgency in Polynesia, as if blown away by the sweet Pacific breezes.
Quandary is difficulty
A quandong is a tree
Quandongs are partial parasites.
A quango is an organization
Quangos remain political entities.
Quant fund invests in distributors and services.
Quant jocks are students who love to crunch the numbers.
Quant shops are multidisciplinary and multicultural.
Quanta are identical, and each oscillator can hold any number of quanta, up to the total number.
Quanta are systems as both structure and information.
Quanta can use help in variety of areas.
Quanta captures the band at it peak.
Quanta come in integer numbers.
Quanta does the rest.
Quanta has no mass and takes up no space, yet extends out into the universe.
Quanta is designed for quick web development and is a mature editor with a number of great features.
Quanta is free to all network subscribers.
Quanta is now the world's number one volume manufacturer of notebook PCs.
Quanta is Taiwan's largest notebook maker, and also makes motherboards and desktop-PC systems.
Quanta is the maximum multiple permitted for the quantum.
Quanta is yet another Taiwanese manufacturer.
Quanta lays the cable that's essential to the high-speed Internet and telecom revolution.
Quanta works for a variety of companies in the industries it serves.
Quantal content is a measure of the number of vesicles released by the nerve.
Quantal size is correlated with receptor cluster area at glycinergic synapses in the rat brainstem.
Quantal size is determined by receptor cluster area at glycinergic synapses in the rat brainstem.
Quantatitive analysis is therefore an idealisation of the data in some cases.
Quantative action works by violence and breeds reaction.
Quantec instruments have several unique design features.
Quanterra stations are dialup with full continuous data mailed on tapes every two months.
Quantifiable benchmarks are difficult to establish for some indicators.
Quantifiable goals allow progress to be tracked.
Quantification can be quite good if appropriate standards are used.
Quantification can be very useful and motivating.
Quantification can facilitate replication.
Quantification is a concern.
Quantification is a measurement
Quantification is a ubiquitous phenomenon, both in logic and language.
Quantification is achieved by comparison with known quantites of standard reference materials.
Quantification is achieved by measuring the release of radiolabelled galactose.
Quantification is almost impossible without internal standards.
Quantification is an essential ingredient of any risk management system, but it's no panacea.
Quantification is an important step in understanding and managing complex processes.
Quantification is discussed briefly.
Quantification is done by liquid scintillation counting.
Quantification is measurements.
Quantification is performed by microscopy.
Quantification is performed with stable isotope-incorporated synthetic peptide internal standards.
Quantification is performed with videomicroscopy and computer interface.
Quantification is restrictions.
Quantification is straightforward.
Quantification refers to a tendency to emphasize quantity rather than quality.
Any quantification is, of course, a sim- plification.
Quantified employees provide expert instruction in various classes.
A quantifier is a word
Quantifier isa word.
Quantifiers are a more complex problem.
Quantifiers are determiners.
Quantifiers are words.
Quantifiers bind more tightly than all operators.
Quantifiers have (part) syllables.
Quantifiers have scope , namely, the first whole proposition, simple or compound, to their right.
Quantifying risk is the way forward.
Quantile classes are perhaps the easiest to understand, but they can be misleading.
Quantile power is the conditional power for a 'worst case' realization of the random predictors.
Quantile regression is a generalization of median regression in which any quantile can be selected.
A quantisation is division
Quantisation emerges without using quantum theory.
Quantisation is straightforward in terms of the holonomy parameters.
Quantitative abnormalities are secondary to decreased rates of globin chain synthesis.
Some quantitative abnormalities have probability values.
Some quantitative abnormalities have values.
A quantitative analysis is a measurement
A quantitative analysis is a qualitative analysis
Quantitative analyses are to be done on an illustrative basis.
Quantitative analyses consist of observations.
Quantitative analysis complements consideration of the equipment configuration.
Quantitative analysis has the general purpose of summarising and relating data.
Quantitative analysis is a fundamental part of understanding and managing ecological systems.
Quantitative analysis is a large part of the menu.
Quantitative analysis is a predominantly practical course normally taken during the sophomore year.
Quantitative analysis is also appropriate where there are good sources of data about the project.
Quantitative analysis is emphasized.
Quantitative analysis is important in physiology and medicine.
Quantitative analysis is included where necessary.
Quantitative analysis is rapid and performed with a conventional microscope.
Quantitative analysis is stressed, including statistics and curve fitting.
Quantitative analysis is used to maximize profit and minimize risk.
Quantitative analysis relies upon numeric estimation of failure probability using data sources.
Quantitative analysis uses analytic reasoning and logical models.
Quantitative analysis yields photosynthetic rates and relative quantum yields.
Quantitative analysises are chemical analysises.
Quantitative analysises are measurements.
Quantitative approaches are then u sed to measure and remove the degradation .
Quantitative approaches require developing behaviorally anchored rating scales for each competency.
Some quantitative approaches require samples.
Quantitative arguments strike terror in their hearts.
Quantitative assays measure viral particles.
Quantitative benefits are important for any successful information system project.
Quantitative calculations show that the timescale for the requisite flow is too long.
Quantitative changes are changes that can be measured in some way.
Quantitative changes consider actual contributions to energy and protein intake.
Quantitative courses involve the use of advanced algebra, statistics, or calculus.
Quantitative data are available via special request.
Quantitative data are data that can be measured in numbers.
Quantitative data are only available for the western Atlantic.
Quantitative data are, however, insufficient to derive a slope factor for selenium sulfide.
Quantitative data can only go so far, but qualitative reports are even more problematic.
Quantitative data comes from psychometric tests.
Quantitative data comes in a variety of types.
Quantitative data includes a description of family caregivers knowledge and beliefs about pain.
Quantitative data is a passion.
Quantitative data is beautiful.
Quantitative data is cited in some places to supplement the qualitative data.
Quantitative data is provi . . .
Quantitative data is used to gain actionable consumer insights.
Quantitative data summarize information from large numbers of people in a concise way.
All quantitative data is based on qualitative judgment.
Quantitative depletion occurs when the ozone layer thins or the aquifer water table drops.
Quantitative detection tells the pathologist how much of the drug is present in the person s body.
Quantitative discipline provides the best anchor for a sensible investment.
Quantitative distinctions exist as an objective fact.
Quantitative estimates vary considerably, depending on the assessment method used.
Quantitative evaluation is what most people are familiar with.
Quantitative evaluation shows superior results to a collection of other systems.
Quantitative evidence is used wherever possible.
Quantitative experiments use materials.
Most quantitative experiments use materials.
Quantitative factors are approximate.
Quantitative findings compare lender performance to industry standards.
Quantitative historians use spreadsheets and statistical software to better exploit numerical data.
Quantitative indicators form an important part of each scenario description.
Quantitative information allows development.
Quantitative information breeds errors.
Quantitative information comes from measurement.
Quantitative information describing the extent of habitat alteration is scarce.
Quantitative information includes melting point, boiling point, and index of refraction.
Quantitative information is crucial.
Most quantitative information allows development.
Some quantitative investigations apply to subjects.
Quantitative landscape modeling requires that time or temporal changes be considered.
Quantitative literacy concerns a student's familiarity with numbers and numerical manipulations.
Quantitative literacy deals with the most basic numerical needs of everyday life.
Quantitative literacy involves understanding the role of numbers in the world.
Quantitative literacy involves using numbers and arithmetic operations to complete a task.
Quantitative literacy is part of all subjects and the responsibility of all teachers.
Quantitative literacy is stressed throughout the program.
Quantitative literacy is the ability to perform numerical operations in everyday life.
Quantitative literacy means knowing how to reason and how to think.
Some quantitative loci correspond to loci.
Quantitative losses involve a reduction in the amount of habitat area.
Quantitative measures are also sensitive indicators of change.
Quantitative measures are better than conceptual cuteness.
Quantitative measures are generally relatively easy to report.
Quantitative measures are often concerned with numbers and are easier to deal with.
Quantitative measures are the most useful in demonstrating the advantages of a technology.
Quantitative measures can be valuable.
Quantitative measures take counts and are reported in the outcomes as numbers.
Quantitative measurements are vital in modern science.
Quantitative methods are a very important component of much of our work.
Quantitative methods are appropriate in measuring resource inputs, outputs and costs.
Quantitative methods are best for predicting future shoreline movements.
Quantitative methods are less likely to return false positive or false negative results.
Quantitative methods use numbers and statistics.
Quantitative models require all that plus measurements of some kind as the basis for calculations.
Any quantitative model requires some prior assumption about the model structure.
Most quantitative models assume economic criteria for evaluation.
Quantitative monitoring is no less complex.
Quantitative observations have to do with things that can be precisely measured.
Quantitative predictions are the most satisfying.
Quantitative predictions await the application of the master equation method.
Quantitative progress requires students to pass a minimum number of credit hours.
Quantitative proteomics goes global.
Quantitative remarks are the most effective.
Quantitative reports are on file.
Quantitative research approaches.
Quantitative research can also be useful in web site evaluation both pre and post launch.
Quantitative research focuses on statistical modeling and reporting as the basis of understanding.
Quantitative research is based on numerical data.
Quantitative research is linked with the philosophical and theoretical stance of positivism .
Quantitative researchers have little respect for qualitative analysis and vice versa.
Quantitative restrictions are the ugliest forms of trade barriers.
Quantitative results are important to the nomination process.
Quantitative sections cover arithmetic, algebra, geometry and data analysis.
Quantitative similarity is obtained between the observation data and the simulation result.
Quantitative skills are a plus.
Quantitative skills are essential.
Quantitative skills require the ability to perform analyses involving ratios and percentages.
Quantitative skills require the ability to use basic arithmetic.
Quantitative spectroscopy is another key focus of the laboratory studies program.
Quantitative standards are objective standards derived from calculable measures.
Quantitative standards involve comparing attempted and completed credit hours.
Quantitative statements are ones that can be proven through experiments.
Quantitative strategies involve selections.
Quantitative strategies use normal distributions based on statistical or regression analysis.
Most quantitative strategies involve selections.
Quantitative studies are underway to determine network technical requirements.
Quantitative studies assessing the magnitude and scop e of injury in Missouri are important.
Quantitative studies treat the CR as a non-radioactive tracer.
Quantitative study gets a bad name because so many survey researchers ask bad questions.
Quantitative study is just as productive now as it was fifty or a hundred years ago.
Quantitative technique used for solving the transportation problem is the transportation method.
Quantitative terms allow a kind of specificity that can be tested for accuracy by others.
Quantitative test monitors high and low drug concentrations to determine safe therapeutic range.
Quantitative tests give the viral concentration or viral load.
Quantitative tests help determine the truth of qualitative theories.
Quantitative tests measure performance in vital areas such as profitability, leverage and liquidity.
Quantitative testing accomplishes different goals.
Quantitative testing tends to be more popular for a number of different reasons.
Quantitative titre is measured for the latter purpose.
Quantitative traits are characteristics controlled by many genes.
Quantitative traits provide effective descriptions of many complex diseases, including asthma.
Quantitative ultrasound can measure bone density in wrists and heels.
Quantitative units express the amount of contaminant that has been detected in specific media.
Quantitative validation is underway.
Quantitative variables can be continuous or discrete.
Quantity discount are available for companiesand institutions.
Quantity discount are available.
Quantity discount is also available for all piano method books and recordings.
Quantity discount is also available.
Quantity discounts apply additionally for more than two copies.
Quantity discounts apply for multiple courses.
Quantity discounts apply on all sportswear and gift merchandise.
Quantity discounts apply on subscriptions to three or more states.
Quantity discounts apply per document only.
Quantity discounts apply to any combination of styles within the products catagory.
Quantity discounts apply to complete packages, as described above.
Quantity discounts apply to identical items on the same purchase order.
Quantity discounts apply to the purchase of three or more copies.
Quantity discounts apply to the same style.
Quantity discounts apply to total cards of all designs ordered.
Quantity discounts apply unless otherwise noted.
Quantity discounts apply when equipping several locations.
Quantity discounts apply.
Quantity discounts are a phone call away.
Quantity discounts are also available for many of our items.
Quantity discounts are also available for the standard program.
Quantity discounts are also available on most items.
Quantity discounts are also available on our high quality mousepads and coasters.
Quantity discounts are also available upon request.
Quantity discounts are also available.
Quantity discounts are always available, and special promotions occur throughout the year.
Quantity discounts are always available.
Quantity discounts are applicable to all our customers.
Quantity discounts are available - contact our sales department .
Quantity discounts are available .
Quantity discounts are available and are builtin to the order forms.
Quantity discounts are available for additional rolls of the same part number, as shown below.
Quantity discounts are available for booksellers.
Quantity discounts are available for both books.
Quantity discounts are available for bulk framing or on agreement of a minimum annual purchase.
Quantity discounts are available for bulk orders.
Quantity discounts are available for business owners.
Quantity discounts are available for clubs, commercial applications, and diving professionals.
Quantity discounts are available for corporate events and promotions.
Quantity discounts are available for corporate IT and HR departments.
Quantity discounts are available for educators.
Quantity discounts are available for group orders.
Quantity discounts are available for large quantity or long term orders.
Quantity discounts are available for orders of five or more.
Quantity discounts are available for quantity buyers.
Quantity discounts are available for requests for ten or more players.
Quantity discounts are available for schools and groups.
Quantity discounts are available for schools or clubs.
Quantity discounts are available for selected items.
Quantity discounts are available for several items purchased at the same time.
Quantity discounts are available for some species.
Quantity discounts are available for ten or more copies.
Quantity discounts are available for the following products.
Quantity discounts are available for two or more cartridges.
Quantity discounts are available for wholesale orders.
Quantity discounts are available for wholesalers.
Quantity discounts are available in both editions.
Quantity discounts are available on all components.
Quantity discounts are available on all of our mugs.
Quantity discounts are available on each component of the kit.
Quantity discounts are available on larger orders.
Quantity discounts are available on most products.
Quantity discounts are available on most publications.
Quantity discounts are available on multiple cable orders.
Quantity discounts are available on multiple unit orders.
Quantity discounts are available on request for bulk orders or long term contracts.
Quantity discounts are available on request.
Quantity discounts are available on selected items.
Quantity discounts are available on some items.
Quantity discounts are available on standard items and custom orders.
Quantity discounts are available only with shipment to a single location.
Quantity discounts are available to advocacy organizations and law enforcement agencies.
Quantity discounts are available to college bookstores.
Quantity discounts are available to dealers.
Quantity discounts are available to individuals and corporate buyers.
Quantity discounts are available to individuals and organizations that order five or more copies.
Quantity discounts are available to qualified employers.
Quantity discounts are available to synagogues and teachers.
Quantity discounts are available upon request.
Quantity discounts are available when purchased by corporation, organizations, or bookstores.
Quantity discounts are available, as are installation bids.
Quantity discounts are available, as is school adoption pricing.
Quantity discounts are available, Call for pricing information.
Quantity discounts are available, please call Birth To Three for more information .
Quantity discounts are available, please call for more information.
Quantity discounts are available, please contact the production office for details.
Quantity discounts are available, please inquire.
Quantity discounts are available, see below .
Quantity discounts are available, see below.
Quantity discounts are available.
Quantity discounts are for multiple orders purchased at the same time.
Quantity discounts are negotiable.
Quantity discounts are now available for both drill styles above.
Quantity discounts are offered, please inquire.
Quantity discounts are offered, please see price list for details.
Quantity discounts are still available while using the coupon.
Quantity discounts are usually available by consolidating requirements.
Quantity discounts begin at only five licenses.
Quantity discounts can apply.
Quantity discounts can be either cumulative discounts or noncumulative discounts .
Quantity discounts do apply.
Quantity discounts exist.
Quantity discounts make multiple copies an even better value.
Quantity discounts make the training even more cost-effective.
Quantity discounts provide multiple boxes to companies that have internal mail only.
Quantity discounts require email contact.
Quantity discounts void wooden nickel program on purchases.
All quantity discounts apply to sale price.
Quantity surveyors are concerned with the total cost of construction.
Quantity surveyors can be essential in self build or renovation projects.
Quantity surveyors can qualify to certificate, diploma or degree level.
Quantity surveyors have basic skills.
Quantity surveyors have skills.
Quantity surveyors rely on a range of technical measurement tools to come to accurate costs.
Most quantity surveyors have basic skills.
Most quantity surveyors have skills.
Some quantity surveyors consider cost.
Some quantity surveyors consider life cycle cost.
A quantity is an entity
Quantities are amounts.
Quantities are approximate.
Quantities are arbitrary.
Quantities are available at nominal costs.
Quantities are available from the publisher to commercial accounts.
Quantities are available in sizes - please call or email for prices and availability .
Quantities are available on most items.
Quantities are concepts.
Quantities are equivalent from left to right.
Quantities are estimates only except where noted as confirmed.
Quantities are estimates only.
Quantities are extremely limited.
Quantities are good on most farms .
Quantities are good on most farms.
Quantities are important.
Quantities are in metric tons unless otherwise stated.
Quantities are invariably very small.
Quantities are less important.
Quantities are limited - subject to availability.
Quantities are limited - while supplies last.
Quantities Are Limited . . .
Quantities are limited and all sales are final but the savings are unbeatable.
Quantities are limited and are available on a first come, first served basis.
Quantities are limited and are available while supplies last.
Quantities are limited and are sold on a first-come first serve basis.
Quantities are limited and are subject to prior sale.
Quantities are limited and are sure to be gone soon.
Quantities are limited and available for a short time only.
Quantities are limited and available on a first-come basis.
Quantities are limited and available only until the edition runs out.
Quantities are limited and available only while supplies last.
Quantities are limited and early orders are strongly encouraged.
Quantities are limited and no more than two bins can be purchased per household or address.
Quantities are limited and no returns or exchanges are available.
Quantities are limited and once they're gone, they're gone.
Quantities are limited and only one bear available per order.
Quantities are limited and orders are subject to availability.
Quantities are limited and prices are good only until listed items are cleared from inventory.
Quantities are limited and prices are subject to change without notice.
Quantities are limited and product availability is subject to change without notice.
Quantities are limited and products are available on a first come, first serve basis.
Quantities are limited and provided on a first come first serve basis.
Quantities are limited and regional availability is taken into consideration.
Quantities are limited and some restrictions apply.
Quantities are limited and subject to allocation.
Quantities are limited and subject to availability.
Quantities are limited and subject to supply.
Quantities are limited and the list is updated frequently.
Quantities are limited and varied.
Quantities are limited and vary at any time.
Quantities are limited on some of our nursery stock.
Quantities are limited right now.
Quantities are limited to stock on hand, first come first serve.
Quantities are limited to supply on hand.
Quantities are limited to what is shown.
Quantities are limited to what remain from that printing.
Quantities are limited, and first come, first served.
Quantities are limited, and our inventory changes regularly.
Quantities are limited, and they make a fine addition to anybody's collection.
Quantities are limited, and they'll go fast.
Quantities are limited, one per customer.
Quantities are limited, one request per student.
Quantities are limited, orders are accepted on first come, first serve basis.
Quantities are limited, so act now for the best selection.
Quantities are limited, so act now.
Quantities are limited, so act quickly.
Quantities are limited, so buy now to avoid disappointment.
Quantities are limited, so hurry and order now.
Quantities are limited, so please hurry.
Quantities are limited, so please order early.
Quantities are limited, so please pre-order on the registration form on the flip side.
Quantities are limited, so please read our note below.
Quantities are limited, so please, only one to a customer per day.
Quantities are limited, so register today .
Quantities are limited, subject to availability. .
Quantities are limited, though.
Quantities are limited. . . .
Quantities are limited. . .
Quantities are limited. .
Quantities are limited.
Quantities are Limited.
Quantities Are Limited.
Quantities are low.
Quantities are measured in fractions of a gram or fractions of a percentage.
Quantities are often limited.
Quantities are only valuable when they really do reflect inner qualities.
Quantities are small on some wines and the offer is subject to availability .
Quantities are strictly limited and available on a first come first served basis.
Quantities are subject to availability.
Quantities are subject to change pending prior sale.
Quantities are sufficient to fill next semester s demand.
Quantities are sufficient to justify the program.
Quantities are to be determined by the cognizant operational type commander.
Quantities are typically in multiples of manufacturer's case sizes.
Quantities are unlimited.
Quantities are very limited .
Quantities are very limited and what is shown only .
Quantities are very limited for our clearance items.
Quantities are VERY limited in some colors.
Quantities are very limited in some sizes.
Quantities are very limited on most titles, so plan to arrive early for the best selection.
Quantities are very limited so check on availability.
Quantities are very limited so please hurry.
Quantities are very limited.
Quantities are VERY limited.
Quantities are while supplies last, prices subject to change without notice.
Quantities below are in pounds.
Quantities can be from a package to a container load, for home sprouting and commercial sprouting.
Quantities can be prototype to thousands in volumn.
Quantities can vary according to taste, of course.
Quantities can vary considerably from year to year.
Quantities change smoothly with space and time.
Quantities come with units.
Quantities generally are less than that available east of the river.
Quantities given are the line fluxes and the equivalent widths.
Quantities have the potential to be fatal.
Quantities limited, so call now.
Quantities make prices go down.
Quantities range from low to medium volume production.
Quantities range from one piece to many thousands of pieces.
Quantities range from prototype to high volume production.
Quantities range from small prototype runs to large volume production.
Quantities See references on-line.
Quantities shown herein are estimates for bidding purposes only.
Quantities vary by anchor.
Quantities vary by model.
Quantities vary depending on individual cell lines.
Quantities vary depending on the size, flow rates and configuration.
Quantities vary from a character or two to a couple hundred.
Quantities vary from one copy upwards.
Quantities vary widely.
Quantities vary with each brand.
Quantities vary, all items subject to prior sale.
Quantities vary, based on new collection arrivals.
Quantity addresses how much work is produced.
Quantity amounts available.
Quantity assumes importance only in the inessentials of outer appearance .
Quantity avoid under all honey yet attract badminton shoes.
Quantity becomes more important than quality.
Quantity behave in none quarrel how drink keanu reeves.
Quantity can be any mix of types listed.
Quantity can be the deciding factor here and takes some time to regulate properly.
Quantity comes before quality.
Quantity depends on amount of cooking.
Quantity depends upon sizes in cup.
Quantity describes the amount and rate of speech, and any sense of pressure.
Quantity does affect pricing.
Quantity enhances quality.
Quantity equals hours.
Quantity implies density.
Quantity is a critical part of definiteness.
Quantity is a deceptive standard.
Quantity is a measure of the outer characteristics, such as size, physical features, weight, etc.
Quantity is above the average.
Quantity is annual usage.
Quantity is approx.
Quantity is approximate.
Quantity is better than relying on one seemingly flawless source.
Quantity is extremely limited.
Quantity is for engine overhaul.
Quantity is higher, and quality is also increased, although less than quantity.
Quantity is important.
Quantity is just as important as quality.
Quantity is minimal to be included in the base bid of each building.
Quantity is more desirable than quality.
Quantity is more important than quality except late in pregnancy and lactation.
Quantity is more important than quality in demonstrating maximum knowledge.
Quantity is more important than quality.
Quantity is much more important than quality.
Quantity is never a substitute for quality.
Quantity is no guarantee for quality, and the third-quarter biotech stock performance proved it.
Quantity is no indicator of quality, however.
Quantity is no problem.
Quantity is of importance as an indicator of regular activity.
Quantity is of importance only as a general indicator of regular activity.
Quantity is often easier to measure than quality, since comparisons can be made more readily.
Quantity is okay as long as the standards are maintained.
Quantity is significant.
Quantity is still an issue, however.
Quantity is the sacrifice for quality.
Quantity is to be measured in bales, and price in dollars.
Quantity is to be transformed into quality.
Quantity is very important here.
Quantity is very limited.
Quantity isa entity.
Quantity means precisely a many in one, or a one in many.
Quantity passes over to quality and quantity passes over to quantity.
Quantity prohibits distribution to each student, and is limited to two of each print and set.
Quantity purchases Some retail organizations buy in huge volumes directly from the manufacturers.
Quantity purchasing realizes savings and assures quality for the cooperative members.
Quantity refers to books of the same title.
Quantity refers to the proper ratio of silt fence to area protected.
Quantity refers to the relative frequency of occurrence.
Quantity replaces quality.
Quantity takes higher priority than time if there is a tie in price.
Quantity takes priority over quality.
Quantity often breeds quality.
All quantities are approximate, based on vendor information.
All quantities are approximate.
All quantities are continuous in nature.
All quantities are exact, there are no back orders.
All quantities are extremely limited.
All quantities are for cooked food.
All quantities are functions of wavelength.
All quantities are limited and in stock at time of listing.
All quantities are limited and when they are gone, they are gone.
All quantities are limited to stock on hand.
All quantities are limited.
All quantities are non-dimensional according to the scaling laws given in equ.
All quantities are non-dimensional.
All quantities are subject to availability.
All quantities are subject to prior sale.
All quantities are very limited.
All quantities can be either real or complex.
All quantities come complete with envelopes.
All quantities delivered are subject to the standard plus or minus ten percent.
All quantities listed are avilable on a first come first served basis.
All quantities listed are estimates.
All quantities presented here depend strongly on the particular alphabet chosen.
Any quantities given are approximate.
Any quantity is available, soft or hardback, with full color cover and pages available.
Any quantity is available, soft or hardback, with full color cover.
Every quantity has an uncertainty attached to it.
Many quantities are even exempt from regulation.
Most quantities are limited.
Some quantities are limited .
Some quantities are limited and are available on a first come, first served basis.
Some quantities are limited and based on availability.
Some quantities are limited.
Some quantities are plentiful, others are very limited.
Some quantities are very limited.
Some quantities have no dimensions.
Some quantities vary from year to year.
Quantization errors are the source of the noise introduced in the digital domain.
Quantization noise is time-limited to the current window.
A quantization is division
Quantization is done via a power-law quantizer.
Quantization is performed by clustering in color space.
Quantization is the only lossy part of the whole compression process other than subsampling.
Quantization limits the energy to be transfered to photons and resolves the UV catastrophe problem.
Quantization measures a sample to determine a representative numerical value that is then encoded.
Quantization Reduces the number of bits per sample, and is the source of most error.
Quantization Reducing the number of colors in an image involves quantization.
Quantization rounds off rhythmic errors to the nearest correct value.
Quantization rules with allowance for barrier penetration .
Quantization selectively increases or decreases the amount of information used to render a picture.
Quantizations are division.
Quantized loads are divisible only in a fixed size.
Most quantum algorithms involve a series of quantum state transformations followed by a measurement.
Quantum computation challenges it.
Quantum computation is more powerful than classical computation.
Quantum computation promises a revolution in computational power.
Quantum computation requires two qubit controlled rotations in addition to single qubit operations.
Quantum computation uses the inherent vagueness of the quantum world.
All quantum groups give rise to invariants of knots, links, and tangles.
Quantum inflation is easy to validate for ordinary densities, either or , that behave like .
All quantum numbers are always integers.
Every quantum particle is characterized by a wave function.
All quantum systems show wavelike and particlelike properties simultaneously.
Quantum teleportation opens new possibilities to exploit entanglement for quantum communication.
Quantums are measures.
Quantums are quantities.
Quantums speaks volumes.
Quantumlike radiation is a discrete property of space quantizing of the macroworld.
Quarantine stations obtain samples from five birds per species in all shipments which are tested.
A quarantine is separation
Quarantine cages still in work.
Quarantine can be voluntary or, in an emergency, it can be ordered by public health officials.
Quarantine depends upon hygiene.
Quarantine does, of course, operate on a fairly realistic plane.
Quarantine helps keep it that way.
Quarantine is a different form of a recycling bin.
Quarantine is a personal right, forfeited by implication of law, by a second marriage.
Quarantine is about more than just disease-prevention.
Quarantine is an issue for most countries.
Quarantine is compulsory on all livestock and overseas vessels.
Quarantine is more important than all of the fancy testing procedures available.
Quarantine is necessary to keep the state rabies-free, government officials say.
Quarantine is often trancelike.
Quarantine is one of the oldest and solidest procedures in public health.
Quarantine is particularly helpful in socializing a feral kitten or cat.
Quarantine is practical for dogs, cats and ferrets.
Quarantine is set in a near future, thirty-three years after the stars went out.
Quarantine is still the rule for most family pets here in Ireland.
Quarantine is unwarranted.
Quarantine is usually of no value.
Quarantine is usually three weeks.
Quarantine measures The four VHFs listed above are quarantinable diseases in Australia.
Quarantine programs the sound card to a rate faster than it can handle.
Quarantine provides a place to store suspected or infected files.
Quarantine refuse operations at airports.
Quarantine takes any suspect files out of harm's way.
Quarantines are certain to be established with an infestation.
Quarantines are isolation.
Quarantines are now in effect in six Florida counties.
Quarantines can help a society protect itself from dangerous infections.
Quarantines exist, for example, on agricultural goods and products.
Quarantined animals present a particularly delicate situation.
Quarantined animals wait in portable corral.
Quarantined area is designed to prevent cross contamination between cattle.
All quarantined herds are still eligible to participate.
Quarantined weeds are illegal to sell or import or move about.
A quark is cheese
Quark asymmetries in the proton.
Quark can import most common graphic formats.
Quark has advantages when talking about graphics.
Quark has internal structure, made of prequarks.
Quark is order to have an intimate romantic interlude with a princess.
Quark is set in two parallel universes.
Quark is thicker and dryer than joghurt and only slightly sour.
Quark seems totally incompatible.
Quarks also carry 'color charge' which is a property like charge or mass.
Quarks also come in three 'colours', terms for a property a little like electrical charge.
Quarks appear as the up and down, charm and strange, and top and bottom flavors.
Quarks are also nucleons if they are found inside a proton or neutron .
Quarks are also nucleons if they are found inside a proton or neutron.
Quarks are bound together through the exchange of gluons.
Quarks are determined to be real particles, carrying a color charge.
Quarks are elementary particles.
Quarks are fundamental particles from which hadrons are formed.
Quarks are fundamental particles.
Quarks are grouped into three pairs .
Quarks are grouped into three pairs.
Quarks are held together by gluons .
Quarks are held together by gluons.
Quarks are interesting particles.
Quarks are one type of matter particle.
Quarks are part of hadrons.
Quarks are particles that compose the more familiar protons and neutrons.
Quarks are the basic building blocks of all matter.
Quarks are the building blocks of all the particles of matter except the leptons.
Quarks are the building bocks of which protons and neutrons are made.
Quarks are the constituents of baryons, like protons and neutrons.
Quarks are the elementary particles that make up neutron and protons.
Quarks are the fundamental building blocks of all matter in the universe.
Quarks are the fundamental building blocks of atoms.
Quarks are the fundamental building blocks of protons and neutrons.
Quarks are the most basic type of subatomic particle known.
Quarks are the only fundamental particles that interact through all four of the fundamental forces.
Quarks are the particles that form neutrons and protons.
Quarks are the particles which make up protons and neutrons.
Quarks are the smallest particles that make up matter.
Quarks are the subatomic entities that combine to form heavy nuclear particles.
Quarks are theoretical entitites.
Quarks can have three colors, red, green and blue.
Quarks carry a color charge.
Quarks carry electric charge.
Quarks carry quark number, antiquarks being counted negatively.
Quarks combine to form other types of matter, baryons and mesons.
Quarks combine to form the basic building blocks of matter, baryons and mesons.
Quarks combine to make protons and neutrons which form the nucleus of an atom.
Quarks combine with gluons to make the protons and neutrons that make up every atom in the universe.
Quarks come in six flavors They live in families of two.
Quarks constantly change their color charge as they exchange gluons with other quarks.
Quarks constantly change their color charges as they exchange gluons with other quarks.
Quarks continually emit and absorb gluons.
Quarks do carry electric charge, but they carry fractional charge.
Quarks have a property called colour charge that attracts one quark to another.
Quarks have an additional quantum property, known as colour.
Quarks have color charge, so they have strong interactions.
Quarks have flavor charge , so they have weak interactions.
Quarks have fractional electrical charges of either positive two thirds or negative one third.
Quarks have no measurable size.
Quarks interact mainly via the strong nuclear force and the electromagnetic force.
Quarks interact via the strong force by exchanging particles called gluons.
Quarks interact via the strong force which is mediated by gluons.
Quarks make up protons and neutrons, which, in turn, make up an atom's nucleus.
Quarks make up the world, always traveling in pairs or in triplets.
Quarks never exist alone but combine into composite particles.
Quarks play an active role in shaping the vacuum structure.
Quarks Put the right combination of quarks and antiquarks together and see the resulting hadron.
Quarks There are six quarks that combine to make sub-atomic particles.
Quarks always travel in pairs or triplets.
All quarks also carry weak charge.
All quarks also color charge of either red, blue, or green.
All quarks are elementary particles .
All quarks are elementary particles.
Any quark can be any color.
Every quark carries a color, while every antiquark carries an anticolor.
Quarrel is a dispute
Quarrel is arrows.
Quarrel is disagreements.
Quarrel is disputes.
Quarrels are frequent but die quickly and are forgotten.
Quarrels are less frequent for they are learning to respect and love their friends.
Quarrels are the weapons of the weak.
Quarrels are very unsettling.
Quarrels kill people.
Quarrels lead to war, and war leads to destruction.
A quarrier is a worker
Quarriers are a leading, long-established Scottish social care charity.
Quarriers work within the natural resources of the land to process stone for construction.
A quarry is a victim
Quarries are great field trips too.
Quarries are less of a concern as they shoot a few times per day.
Quarries can make good neighbors.
Quarries means an open excavation used for obtaining building stone, slate, or limestone.
Quarries producing crushed stone are still the foundation of the company.
Quarries often take advantage of natural jointing.
Many quarries find that retreaded tires are a low-cost option for loaders and haul trucks.
Most quarry hunting participants are unlikely to convert in the event of a ban.
Some quarries are open-pit, others are in tunnels.
Some quarries fill with water to make small lakes when they are no longer being used for mining .
Some quarries fill with water to make small lakes when they are no longer being used for mining.
Quarryings are production.
Some quart jars fill with fresh leaves.
Some quart jars fill with leaves.
A quart is an unit
Quart isa unit.
Quarts are also smaller parts of a whole.
Quarts are part of gallons.
Quarts are the specialty.
Quarts have (part) pints.
Most quarts are part of gallons.
Quartal harmony is based upon chords constructed with stacked fourths.
A quarter crack is an animal disease
All quarter cracks are a farrier's nightmare.
All quarter cracks wreak havoc with a horse's career and long-term athletic potential.
A quarter horse is a mount
Quarter horses are equally unique.
Quarter horses are slow-twitch fibered horses.
Quarter horses are very popular.
Quarter horses run shorter distances.
Quarter hours are acceptable.
Quarter miles are part of miles.
Most quarter miles are part of miles.
Quarter results present issues.
A quarter round is a moulding
All quarter round is a pie-shaped quarter circle.
A quarter tone is a musical interval
Quarter tones appear throughout the piece, as do diverging and converging multi-speed canons.
Quarter tones are half of a half tone.
A quarter is a fraction
Quarter add between an valley yet argue croquet sets.
Quarter claims with schools.
Quarter comes from the Latin word quartarius, which means fourth part.
Quarter craps with double odds on some weekdays only, with double odds.
Quarter crush on any war indeed suggest baseball bat for sale.
Quarter crush on any war indeed suggest football equipment uk.
Quarter dates and add to dressing, with apples, celery, walnuts.
Quarter inch rough spot on edge near spout.
Quarter is something else, zero is added.
Quarter is unconditionally dedicated to service.
Quarter isa definite quantity.
Quarter lengthwise and discard core.
Quarter n. the after corner of a boat.
Quarter pay due - settled.
Quarter pay due.
Quarter remaining zucchini lengthwise, then cut in half crosswise.
Quarter represent from an connection though ask hobby woodworking.
Quarter sawn A method of sawing lumber to produce vertical grain lumber with no boxed heart.
Quarter shrinking is an extremely dangerous high-energy process.
Quarter stick shifter with air shifter setup.
Quarter terete vanda with large, round, and flat flowers.
Quarter tomatoes and coarsely crumble feta.
Quarter tomatoes and remove core and seeds.
Quarter tomatoes and remove inside carefully.
Quarter tomatoes and remove pulp and seeds, leaving petals of tomato flesh.
Quarter turn left and preen again.
Quarter turn low block.
Quarter view from the stern.
Quarters are available at the front desk.
Quarters are available year round with seasonal prices.
Quarters are close aboard a cutter, the avenues of diversionare limited.
Quarters are close.
Quarters are coin.
Quarters are cramped, concourses are narrow.
Quarters are cramped.
Quarters are crucial to survival.
Quarters are divided so that they intersect both with the school year and the church year.
Quarters are easier to find.
Quarters are like gold.
Quarters are more valuable than dollars.
Quarters are on the table.
Quarters are one or two level townhouse type.
Quarters are orientations.
Quarters are part of hours.
Quarters are part of school years.
Quarters are part of uppers.
Quarters are parts.
Quarters are people.
Quarters are silver.
Quarters are states.
Quarters are ten weeks in length with one additional week of final exams.
Quarters are the basic enumeration units in Macao population census.
Quarters are tight but comfortable.
Quarters are tight.
Quarters are time periods.
Quarters are time units.
Quarters are well boned and muscled.
Quarters are worth one point, but pennies, nickels, and dimes are each worth negative one point.
Quarters are worth their weight in gold.
Quarters even extend underground rivaling the safety deposit vaults of banks and government mints.
Quarters go too fast.
Quarters have an electric range, refrigerator and dishwasher.
Quarters have furniture and cooking facilities.
Quarters have hardwood floors, and there is one storage shed per building.
Quarters invisibly transfer from one cup to another.
Quarters morsel hemophiliac karaj tufted postilion sprier captor predominate soulfully purpose .
Quarters move very quickly, much more quickly than semesters.
Quarters penetrate through spectator's hand.
Quarters range from apartments to town houses to duplexes to detached four bedroom homes.
Quarters tend to stress importance of information at the expense of understanding.
All quarters are air conditioned and all have adjacent heads.
All quarters are air-conditioned.
All quarters are calendar quarters.
All quarters are eligible except quarters with teats that are deformed due to previous injury.
All quarters have a small outside storage room for lawnmowers, bicycles, etc.
All quarters have central air conditioning and heat.
All quarters have laundry facilities conveniently located nearby.
All quarters have off-street parking and most have carports.
All quarters listed have air conditioning, heating and running hot water.
All quarters offer central air conditioning and heating.
Every quarter affords opportunities to participate in a variety of activities.
Every quarter brings new or enhanced products to the market.
Every quarter is different and timely.
Every quarter is planned a quarter ahead.
Every quarter receive exciting news about our spiritual community and upcoming events.
Every quarter there are students that sleep in the room.
Every quarter there is a new unit.
Most quarter results present issues.
Some quarters also fret about the commitment of local parts makers to meet international standards.
Some quarters suggest 'nu-metal' has become as cynical as the pop world.
Quarterback controversies are as ancient as quarterbacks.
A quarterback is a back
Quarterbacks are backs.
Quarterbacks are big boys.
Quarterbacks are football players.
Quarterbacks are human beings with families and careers and aspirations for themselves.
Quarterbacks are like starting pitchers in one respect.
Quarterbacks are members of the offense , or attacking team .
Quarterbacks are members of the offense, or attacking team.
Quarterbacks are often the big jokesters of the team.
Quarterbacks are part of football teams.
Quarterbacks are the league's ranking figures.
Quarterbacks are the most important players on the field.
Quarterbacks are there to do interviews.
Quarterbacks are visible.
Quarterbacks attract entirely too much blame when things go badly.
Quarterbacks can also beat blitzes by calling hot routes to receivers while under center.
Quarterbacks can spike the ball and kneel down for game ending plays.
Quarterbacks deal with the same thing.
Quarterbacks do it.
Quarterbacks don t win or lose football games.
Quarterbacks fall to phantom contact.
Quarterbacks get into trouble if they get too high or too low.
Quarterbacks get too much credit and too much blame.
Quarterbacks have enough problems.
Quarterbacks have finesse and touch.
Quarterbacks have no such luxury.
Quarterbacks have radio devices in their helmets to communicate with their sideline during the game.
Quarterbacks have to ask the crowd to quiet down.
Quarterbacks Let's start with quarterbacks.
Quarterbacks love a guy like that.
Quarterbacks never lose that feeling.
Quarterbacks now have to be able to run.
Quarterbacks ought to watch out.
Quarterbacks use icon passing to throw, and also have a pump fake in their arsenal.
Quarterbacks win and lose games, make or break seasons, end or extend careers.
Quarterbacks often try to avoid being tackled by running out of bounds or passing the ball.
Quarterbacks sometimes gag in such situations.
Quarterbacks usually dislike a rotation system because it makes developing timing more difficult.
All quarterbacks have different qualities.
Any quarterback needs that.
Every quarterback goes through that.
Every quarterback has a different style of celebrating a touchdown.
Every quarterback has good hands.
Every quarterback has the same opportunities to do things.
Every quarterback has to go through that first game as a rookie.
Every quarterback is different.
Every quarterback moves around in the pocket.
Every quarterback throws interceptions.
Most quarterbacks do.
Some quarterbacks are better runners than others.
Some quarterbacks are nice and friendly while others are mean and nasty.
Some quarterbacks fake a handoff to freeze a defense.
Some quarterbacks play the position with self-preservation in mind.
Quartered tiles are consistently the lowest cost colourful majolica tiles.
Quarterfinal matches begin today at noon.
Quartering seas are the worst possible situation from a shiphandling standpoint.
Quarterings are coats of arm.
Quarterings are division.
Quarterings are housing.
Quarterings are lodgings.
Quarterly activities unite the entire family in play.
Quarterly allotments provide funds for the payment of salaries and other operating expenses as due.
Quarterly assessment is usually just the icing on it.
Quarterly bonus is possible based on company performance.
Quarterly bulletin contains results for major groups and subgroups.
Quarterly calendars are available at each facility for making trip plans.
Quarterly catalog is also available.
Quarterly club assemblies focus on the administration of the club.
Quarterly commitments is described below.
Quarterly compliance reports to the board.
Quarterly conference calls with the majority of the states represented by a curriculum contact.
Quarterly conference calls.
Quarterly consultations focus on practical recommendations for improving performance.
Quarterly contact is maintained throughout the life of the match.
Quarterly data are annualized growth rates.
Quarterly data are averages for the period.
Quarterly data are for the United States.
Quarterly data are sums of monthly data.
Quarterly data are usually available six months following the end of the reference quarter.
Quarterly data is often out of date before the child support office receives the information.
Quarterly data suggest an even more dramatic swing.
Quarterly dividends vary as per the finances each quarter.
Quarterly documentation is provided by the trust group.
Quarterly donation reports.
All quarterly dues are due and payable on the first day of the quarter.
Quarterly equestrian shows featuring hunt seat equitation.
Quarterly evaluation is dead.
Quarterly evaluations point out weak spots and praise strengths.
Quarterly exhibits reflect the historic, cultural and documentary heritage of the state.
Quarterly expense reports.
Quarterly figures are averages of monthly figures.
Quarterly figures are unaudited and have been derived from the relevant published quarterly results.
Quarterly figures suggest parts of the British economy are already in recession.
Quarterly filing is eliminated.
Quarterly forecasts brighten.
Quarterly grades are an average of the three session grades.
Quarterly growth is also important to follow to assure the company meets yearly expectations.
Quarterly indexes are available.
Quarterly indexes provide subject and name access.
Quarterly information is annualized for comparability with full year information.
Quarterly information is used on a going-forward basis.
Quarterly installments are also available.
Quarterly issues are devoted to a single theme and explored in some depth.
Quarterly issues cover visionary ideas about community revitalization, networking, and green design.
Quarterly issues have feature stories about travel, food, history, film and more.
Every quarterly issue presents a wide array of measurement and evaluation topics.
Quarterly magazine includes the full articles covered in topics.
Quarterly maintenance is required for sprinkler systems.
Quarterly maintenance reports.
Quarterly management reports that organize business expenses by category of purchase and employee.
Quarterly meeting are open to the public.
Quarterly meetings are about one hour in length.
Quarterly meetings are as determined by the board.
Quarterly Meetings educate and address the community on timely issues.
Quarterly meetings ensure that a high level of performance is maintained.
Quarterly meetings feature speakers with timely information.
Quarterly meetings meet four times each year.
Quarterly meetings occur in various locations around the world.
Quarterly meetings offer special programs on running related issues.
Quarterly meetings review large grant requests.
All quarterly meetings belong to a yearly meeting.
Quarterly newsletter covers institutional and policy issues and activities.
Quarterly newsletter includes sources for milkweed.
Quarterly newsletter is available on-line.
Quarterly newsletter is the best idea.
Quarterly newsletter keeps members informed of upcoming events, such as picnics, school visits, etc.
Quarterly newsletter provides information on accessible airline travel.
Quarterly newsletters are dependent on date of dues payment received.
Quarterly newsletters can help volunteers stay in touch with each other.
Quarterly newsletters keep members informed of additional product and service savings.
Quarterly payment is due by the first day of the quarter.
Quarterly payment is due on the first day of the month.
Quarterly payment is due the end of the quarter for the beginning of the forthcoming quarter.
Quarterly payment is typical.
Quarterly payments are due no later that the last day of the month following each calendar quarter.
Quarterly payments are due on the first day of the quarter.
Quarterly payments are due the last day of the month following the end of the quarter.
Quarterly payments are higher.
Quarterly payments are only available by credit card.
Quarterly payments are preferred and appreciated.
Quarterly payments are preferred.
Quarterly payments begin nine months after leaving school.
Quarterly payments is due in full prior to the start of the term .
Quarterly payments stink, but they do pay on schedule.
Quarterly performance reports.
Quarterly prices apply to annual subscription orders only.
Quarterly prices are higher.
Quarterly programs are available on request.
Quarterly publication is recommended to effectively communicate with the membership.
Quarterly publication lists financial, company, and investment information.
Quarterly publications feature articles about professional concerns and association activities.
Quarterly reports are available by subscription or single purchase.
Quarterly reports are summaries of manifested shipments of hazardous waste.
Quarterly reports provide an accurate profile of actual and relative performance.
Quarterly reports reflect progress of the established treatment plan.
Quarterly reports used to be acceptable, now weekly and monthly reports are the standard.
Quarterly reporting are reporting.
Quarterly revisions become time consuming and difficult to track and manage.
Quarterly statement generated on cycle date, lists deposits, withdrawals and service fees.
Quarterly statements show all account activity and interest earned.
Quarterly statements summarize transactions and interest earned.
Quarterly status reports on the program and on the mentor's facilitation.
Quarterly status reports to managers reflect progress within their individual business unit.
Quarterly status reports.
Quarterly stock reports.
Quarterly studies can be even more useful by showing how people's habits change during the year.
Quarterly subscriptions are available at a substantial discount.
Quarterly themes grow out of the seasons of the church year.
Quarterly themes integrate science and social studies into the reading and language arts periods.
Quarterly updates are available to pocket-Drugs users .
Quarterly updates are free via internet downloads.
Quarterly updates are generally sufficient.
Quarterly usage reports.
Quarterly validations provide a high level of assurance against false positives.
Quarterly values smooth out the fluctuations in the month to month data.
Quarterly work reports.
Quarterly workshops focus on career exploration, computer skills and study skills.
A quarterly is a series
Quarterlies are serieses.
Quarterlies typically have an even longer lead time.
Quarterly are the publishers of quality independent comics.
Quarterly sampling for at least one year is needed.
Quarterly send a small package, especially items unavailable overseas.
Quarterly update it is.
Quartermaster sergeants wear three chevrons with points down and three horizontal ties.
A quartermaster is an army officer
Quartermasters are the individuals involved in supplying the military.
Quartermasters have everything.
A quartet is a figure
Quartet delivers a warm sound with a fully extended bass.
Quartet Find a quartet that can perform to children or listen to a quartet.
Quartet gives users the option of switch or voice input, or both.
Quartet is the oldest and most established company in the ECU industry.
Quartet tells of the last kings of Wales.
Quartets also perform with the full chorus at our community shows and benefits.
Quartets are due to pendant rings attached to the structure.
Quartets are ensembles.
Quartets are gathering.
Quartets are musical compositions.
Quartets are relatively common, especially for weddings and other formal engagements.
Quartets are sets.
Quartets can be hard, but extra information helps.
Quartets come to the training program at a crucial point in their careers.
Quartets continue today with more resources and opportunities than ever before.
Quartets provide a wonderful learning experience for the developing saxophonist.
Every quartet needs a lead singer and an emcee.
Many quartets are likely to be far from well off and no doubt departed forthwith the next day.
Quartic saddle Looks like the quadric saddle, but is squared off in the middle.
Quartic terms appear as well for the case of a pair of pure imaginary eigenvalues.
Quartile position is relative to the performance of the other schools in the group.
Quartile values divide a sample of hospitals into four groups equal in number.
A quartile is a score
Quartiles are marks.
Quartiles divide the rent distribution into four equal parts.
Quartiles divide the value distribution into four equal parts.
Quartiles represent the range of each data element.
A quarto is size
Quartos are oversize books shelved in a special sequence.
Quartz batteries require batteries.
Most quartz batteries require batteries.
Quartz boat wafer slots are unaffected by plasma treatment.
Quartz bulbs are energy efficient.
Quartz clock features classic numerals and red sweep-second hand.
Quartz clock features classical numerals and red sweeping second hand.
Quartz clock features classical numerals and red sweep-second hand.
Quartz clock gives accurate time.
Quartz clocks use the vibrations of a quartz crystal to power the clock.
Quartz Creek flows primarily through private property.
Quartz crystal amplifies communication between humans and animals, and strengthens mental clarity.
Quartz crystal is of course a gemstone that is found in the ground.
Quartz crystal is quartz
Quartz crystal is quartz.
Quartz crystal is scattered worldwide as one of the earth's most abundant minerals.
Quartz crystal is the best material for frequency-control oscillators.
Quartz crystal radiates a white healing light.
Quartz crystals are a gift from the earth.
Quartz crystals are a good starting point for the beginner.
Quartz crystals are abundant in vugs at both outcrops.
Quartz crystals are more complex and are formed of silicon dioxide molecules.
Quartz crystals are usually hexagonal and prismatic, and often twinned.
Quartz crystals are very accurate.
Quartz crystals are, in all reality, only 'tools'.
Quartz crystals can also provide oscillations that can be used to drive clocks.
Quartz crystals can be a bit of a problem for todays communications engineers.
Quartz crystals come in many different sizes.
Quartz crystals cover the walls.
Quartz crystals exist in a number of varieties.
Quartz crystals found in the West Fault are typically slender, and sometimes sceptred.
Quartz crystals have electro-magnetic properties, hence their use in a lot of electrical devices.
Quartz crystals have excellent healing properties.
Quartz crystals have many physical properties.
Quartz crystals keep radio signals from wandering.
Quartz dust induces cellular inflammation in vivo.
Quartz elements give fast focused heat while a tiny fan warms the entire room.
Most quartz gems are inexpensive especially the colorless, rose, and other pale colors.
Quartz glass is glass
Quartz glass is preferred material used in most laboratory glassware.
Quartz glass is stronger and has a higher resistivity and lower reactivity than ordinary glasses.
Quartz glass stands out due to very minor impurities.
Quartz grains are also present, but the more quartz, the harder the pipestone is to carve.
Quartz grains are present and become particularly abundant at the base of the unit.
Quartz grains are well sorted and well rounded.
Quartz inclusions stand proud on surface of butt end.
Quartz lag is dispersed around small quartz veins unrelated to ore.
Quartz Lake has some of the best road accessible fishing in Interior Alaska.
A quartz lamp is a device
Quartz lamps are also instant on and off but made in extremely high watt density.
Quartz lamps are ideal for normal filming.
Quartz lamps get extremely hot, which makes ventilation important.
Quartz lighting is a type of incandescent lighting.
Quartz movement includes battery.
Quartz movement is backed by lifetime warranty.
Quartz movement is imported from Japan.
Quartz movement is imported.
Quartz movement is located in watchs.
Quartz movement operates on a single AA battery.
Quartz movement requires one AA sized battery.
Quartz movements are least expensive.
Quartz movements assure accuracy.
Quartz movements run on one AA battery.
Quartz operation ensures accuracy and reliability.
Quartz optics upgrade available.
Quartz pebbles are often common, particularly at the base.
Quartz precipitation is more rapid as the fluid salinity increases.
Quartz sand is commonly light tan or yellowish, but can also be reddish in color.
Quartz sands are important in manufacture of glass and ceramics.
Quartz scepters are common in parts of the breccia as are Japan law twins.
Quartz silica is what makes the litters so dusty when poured and emptied.
Quartz watches are general more accurate than mechanical watches.
Quartz watches are generally more accurate than mechanical watches, for two reasons.
Quartz watches work best because of the vibration quartz crystals have.
Quartz wool is placed at the bottom of the soxhlet extractor.
Quartz has gravity.
Quartz has hardness.
Quartz has luster.
Quartz has waxy luster.
Quartz is Arkansas' most famous mineral.
Quartz is crystal.
Quartz is glass
Quartz is located in jewelry stores.
Quartz is located in nature.
Quartz is located in pegmatites.
Quartz is minerals.
Quartz is rocks.
Quartz is used for clocks.
Quartz is used for gardens.
Quartz is used for rocks.
Quartz is used for watchs.
Quartz isa glass.
Most quartz has gravity.
Most quartz has luster.
Most quartz has waxy luster.
Most quartz is impure, containing traces of iron and other minerals and has little value.
Some quartz contains irons.
Some quartz contains nutrients.
Some quartz contains plant nutrients.
Some quartz has concentration.
Some quartz has physical properties.
Some quartz has properties.
Some quartz is made of crystals too small to be seen with the naked eye.
A quartzite is a stone
Quartzite tends to be steep, blocky, and split by clean horizontal and vertical cracks.
Quartzites are also present.
A quasar is a heavenly body
Quasar is a contraction of quasi-stellar object .
Quasar is Japanese.
Quasar is short for quasi-stellar radio source.
Quasar is the minister of legal affairs here.
Quasar specializes in the emerging Internet technologies.
Quasars are a great headache to evolutionists, for they clearly disprove the speed theory.
Quasars are a type of active galaxy.
Quasars are active galactic nuclei at cosmological distances.
Quasars are also weird for at least one other reason.
Quasars are among the most distant extragalactic objects known.
Quasars are among the most distant objects yet detected in the universe.
Quasars are among the most distant, energetic objects ever observed.
Quasars are among the most enigmatic objects in the universe.
Quasars are among the most luminous objects in the sky.
Quasars are an example.
Quasars are astronomical objects.
Quasars are bizarre objects.
Quasars are brighter or dimmer or farther or closer than thought.
Quasars are celestial bodies.
Quasars are compact powerhouses of light that reside largely at the outer reaches of the universe.
Quasars are compact, luminous objects powered by super-massive black holes.
Quasars are difficult to study because they are the active nuclei of distant galaxies.
Quasars are energetic beacons of light at the active cores of distant galaxies.
Quasars are energy sources.
Quasars are exceptionally bright objects located at the farthest reaches of the universe.
Quasars are extreme examples of active galaxies.
Quasars are extremely bright masses of energy and light.
Quasars are extremely bright, small objects.
Quasars are extremely distant and luminous objects.
Quasars are extremely distant objects in our known universe.
Quasars are faint starlike objects whose spectra are highly redshifted.
Quasars are farther away from Earth than any other known object in the Universe .
Quasars are galaxies with active and bright center objects, thought to be powered by black holes.
Quasars are galaxies with bright cores , probably powered by giant black holes.
Quasars are galaxies with bright cores, most likely powered by giant black holes.
Quasars are galaxies with bright cores, probably powered by giant black holes.
Quasars are galaxies with extremely bright centres.
Quasars are huge black hole accretion disks that are much brighter than their host galaxy.
Quasars are just luminous active galactic nuclei .
Quasars are like galaxies and a cluster.
Quasars are located in space.
Quasars are mysterious.
Quasars are no larger than our solar system but outshine galaxies of hundreds of billions of stars.
Quasars are no larger than our Solar System, but outshine galaxies of hundreds of billions of stars.
Quasars are point-like objects.
Quasars are powered by gas falling inward toward a central supermassive black hole.
Quasars are probably super giant black holes, which are devouring entire stars.
Quasars are probably super giant black holes.
Quasars are small, powerful, extremely remote objects.
Quasars are so bright that they drown out the light from all other stars in the same galaxy.
Quasars are some of the most energetic objects observed in the universe.
Quasars are the bright cores of distant galaxies.
Quasars are the bright, superluminal cores of very distant active galaxies.
Quasars are the brightest and most distant objects in the visible universe.
Quasars are the brightest objects known.
Quasars are the brilliant, unresolved nuclei of active galaxies.
Quasars are the energy of the gas spiralling in.
Quasars are the extraordinarily bright centers of young galaxies.
Quasars are the galactic cores with the holes in the shell.
Quasars are the most distant and luminous objects in the visible universe.
Quasars are the most distant cosmic objects known.
Quasars are the most distant distinct objects that astronomers have been able to detect.
Quasars are the most distant distinct objects that astronomers have been able to directly detect.
Quasars are the most distant objects in the known universe.
Quasars are the most distant objects known, and yet they're the youngest.
Quasars are the most energetic and distant of all three objects.
Quasars are the most energetic, distant objects known in the universe.
Quasars are the most extreme example of monster black hole, highly luminous active galaxies.
Quasars are the most luminous class of objects in the universe.
Quasars are the most luminous objects in the sky.
Quasars are the most luminous objects in the universe and among the most distant objects known.
Quasars are the most luminous objects in the universe.
Quasars are the most powerful.
Quasars are very bright and very compact and their light is very red shifted.
Quasars are very bright objects with a very high redshift .
Quasars are very bright objects with a very high redshift.
Quasars are very distant objects.
Quasars are very far away galaxies.
Quasars are very mysterious objects.
Quasars are very strange things.
Quasars are, in fact, the most distant objects to ever be detected in the universe.
Quasars become even farther away and intrinsically brighter.
Quasars can display light about millions of lightyears farther than stars.
Quasars can form from merging galaxies - common in the cores of clusters.
Quasars drown out the light from all the other stars in the same galaxy because they are so bright.
Quasars emit energies of millions, billions, or even trillions of electron volts.
Quasars emit many different types of energy such as X-rays and rays.
Quasars emit more or less constant power over all wavelengths from infrared to gamma-rays.
Quasars emit tremendous amounts of light and microwave radiation.
Quasars give off huge amounts of energy.
Quasars have prodigious luminosities.
Quasars have rapid light variations.
Quasars live in the center of host galaxies.
Quasars look a bit like stars but are very different in many ways.
Quasars look like any normal star through an optical telescope.
Quasars look like stars but give off too much energy.
Quasars look like very bright stars but actually are black holes at the center of forming galaxies.
Quasars look starlike when viewed through an optical telescope.
Quasars provide an awful lot to admire in a relatively small package.
Quasars really have stellar dimensions, occasionally surrounded by nebulosity.
Quasars reside at the centres of galaxies.
Quasars reside in a variety of galaxies, from normal to highly disturbed.
Quasars seem to be always associated with galaxies.
Quasars seem to be massive black holes, active in the early life of galaxies.
Quasars show infrared brightness correlated with their x-ray fluxes.
Quasars show just such features, no assumption of black holes is needed.
Quasars tend to vary in brightness in a stochastic, non-linear nature.
Quasars vary in brightness.
All quasars are very distant.
All quasars have large red shifts.
Most quasars are about the size of the solar system.
Most Quasars are Equally Ancient.
Most quasars are larger than our solar system .
Most quasars are the size of the solar system yet can be a trillion times brighter than the sun .
Some quasars are also great radio and gamma-ray emitter.
Some quasars are as bright as a trillion suns.
Some quasars are much more distant.
Some quasars have the same structure as radio galaxies.
Some quasars show emission jets and extended emission features.
Some quasars vary in brightness over weeks or even days.
Quasi money consists of time and savings deposits of domestic private sector at commercial banks.
Quasiclassical approximation gives trivial results.
Quasiconformal mappings are first and foremost mappings of bounded distortion.
A quasiparticle is a quantum
Quasiparticle scattering at impurities generates localized impurity states at the atmoic scale.
A quassia is an organic compound
Quassia chips bark tea.
Quassia is an excellent remedy in dyseptic conditions due to lack of tone.
Quassias are organic compounds.
QUAT AD is used as a conditioning additive for skin and hair care products.
A quat is a stimulant
Quats are by nature wetting agents that foam and cling to vertical, radial, and underside surfaces.
Quats are effective in destroying a broad spectrum of harmful microorganisms.
Quats are low in mammalian toxicity and non-irritating to the skin.
Quats are more stable and less corrosive than chlorine products, but more expensive.
Quats persist in the environment and are considered to be endocrine disruptors by scientists.
Many quats also function as a detergent, and help remove organic debris from objects.
Quaterly discounts are available.
Quaternary alluvium fills the river valleys.
Quaternary compounds are available in drug stores and dairy or janitorial supply houses.
Some quaternary compounds cause asthma.
Quaternary consumers are too large and fierce to be prey for other animals.
Quaternary consumers do exist but are more rare than other types of consumers.
Quaternary deposits are also the most easily disturbed by anthropomorphic activities.
Quaternary formulation has up to five days residual activity.
Quaternary nitrogen derivatives.
Quaternary sediments consist chiefly of till and outwash.
Quaternary sediments rest on and infill a karst gypsum bedrock surface.
A quaternion is a figure
Quaternions are a compact way of representing rotations.
Quaternions are a mathematical oddity.
Quaternions are a popular buzzword.
Quaternions are convenient alternatives to Matrices for storing rotations.
Quaternions are six for six.
Quaternions have rules for addition and multiplication.
Quaternions have the same continuum properties as the real and complex numbers.
Quaternions have three imaginary axes, which creates the factor of three.
Quaternions lend themselves well to graduate projects and technical theses.
Quaternions use less data than vector rotations.
A quatrain is a stanza
Quatrains are stanzas or verses of four lines .
Quatrains are stanzas.
Quatrains come in many varieties.
Quatrains follow couplets.
Quay County is the eastern gateway to New Mexico.
Queasy shock gives way to slow-dawning recognition.
Quebec is part of Canada.
Quebec isa thing.
Quebecois families build the Creche inviting children to join.
Queen ants are able to bite with the little clipper like things on their mouths.
Queen ants are several times larger than the workers.
Queen ants are the largest ants in the colony.
Queen ants establish new communities, or nests, after their mating flight.
Queen ants have wings, which they shed when they start a new nest.
Queen ants have years.
Most queen ants have years.
Some queen ants can live for many years and have millions of babies.
Some queen ants have babies.
Some queen ants live for many years.
Some queen ants live for years.
Queen bed is located upstairs in a large bedroom with desk and skylights.
Queen bed looks at the river from three sides.
Queen bed raises and is adjustable.
Queen bedroom has lake view and private bath.
Queen bedroom has private bath ensuite.
A queen bee is a queen
Queen bees are fertilized by haploid drones.
Queen bees are larger and live longer than workers.
Queen bees are queens.
Queen bees can also produce offspring.
Queen bees develop from larvae, which is selected by the worker bees.
Queen bees eat royal jelly.
Queen bees find places.
Queen bees find suitable places.
Queen bees have workers.
Queen bees lay eggs in the cells of the nest, and when they hatch, they become larvae.
Queen bees live exclusively on royal jelly and it accounts for their incredible size and longevity.
Queen bees live their entire life with royal jelly as the sole source of nutrition.
Queen bees live their entire life with royal jelly as their sole source of nutrition.
Queen bees produce offspring.
Queen bees produce queens.
Queen bees survive winter.
Most queen bees find places.
Most queen bees find suitable places.
Most queen bees have workers.
Most queen bees produce offspring.
Most queen bees produce queens.
Most queen bees survive winter.
Some queen bees live for years.
Queen cells start out as queen cups.
Queen Charlotte strait.
Queen City has an international staff of experts who love to teach the game.
Queen City is a friendly and sociable club.
Queen City is a great club with great members.
Queen City is a self-help club. .
Queen City is a self-help club.
Queen City is offered in one hundred solid colors at the price listed above.
Queen City is truly an inclusive club.
Queen City reflects the serenity of the tall pines, lakes and rivers of the area.
Queen City straddles Toronto's post Confederation boom to the eve of the Second World War.
Queen Creek is a family place, where the residents take pride in independence.
Queen fire ants have years.
Queen frame is shown bolted to a queen size bed.
Some queen mothers raise sisters.
Queen of spades please.
Queen palms are native from Southern Brazil to Argentina.
Queen palms grow faster when given more water and fertilizer.
Queen rooms are inside corridor rooms with elevator access.
Queen size beds - an ideal home setting for exploring the Maine coastal area.
Queen size beds with colorful quilts and log furnishings make the ambience complete.
Queen size beds with goose down duvets and top quality matresses.
Queen size fold out couch in living room.
Queen size is better than full size.
Queen snakes are valuable members of the ecosystems they live in.
Queen snakes have rounded pupils.
Queen snakes spend a lot of time in and around the water.
Queen street seems to have almost completely escaped modern development.
Queen termites have lifespans.
Queen termites have long lifespans.
Queen triggerfish have a very distinctive color pattern.
Queen triggerfish have color patterns.
Queen triggerfish have distinctive color patterns.
Queen triggerfish have distinctive patterns.
Queen triggerfish have patterns.
Queen wasps come out of hibernation.
Most queen wasps come out of hibernation.
A queen is an insect
Queen approves new Prayer Book.
Queen beds with down duvets.
Queen burn under little struggle although costing daily news.
Queen conjures up majestic, excessive, and, of course, operatic rock.
Queen eats a rat.
Queen ensures to all lip consequently thought chirp magazines.
Queen ensures to all lip consequently thought dell horoscope magazine.
Queen ensures to all lip consequently thought luxury media's robb report and showcase magazines.
Queen ensures to all lip consequently thought photographic processing magazine.
Queen ensures to all lip consequently thought satellite entertainment guide magazine.
Queen ensures to all lip consequently thought satellite orbit.
Queen ensures to all lip consequently thought sea.
Queen ensures to all lip consequently thought weight watchers.
Queen fighting Another conflict occurs between virgin queens in a swarming colony.
Queen is brilliant and witty.
Queen is important.
Queen is in a small city thus residence halls are usually close to the campus.
Queen is one of our biggest influences.
Queen is steeped In homosexual overtones.
Queen isa insect.
Queen isa leader.
Queen likes the word cooperation.
Queen own over many grandfather since notice umbro football boot.
Queen puts on a brave face.
Queen remove in all lip consequently ensures cobblestone new only magazine.
Queen remove in all lip consequently ensures counterman magazine.
Queen remove in all lip consequently ensures farmer's digest.
Queen remove in all lip consequently ensures Weight watchers.
Queen rhymes with mean, teen, and green.
Queen runs out of the house and into the surrounding woodland.
Queen Says California on it.
Queen sees paper profit from Net venture .
Queen show how the concert is really a political event.
Queen stir via most saints and sinners.
Queen wins battle.
Queens are aristocrats.
Queens are beheadeds.
Queens are chess pieces.
Queens are chessmans.
Queens are cities.
Queens are face cards.
Queens are females.
Queens are fictional characters.
Queens are homosexuals.
Queens are insects.
Queens are located in beehives.
Queens are located in castles.
Queens are located in monarchies.
Queens are member of hives.
Queens are monarchs.
Queens are part of chess.
Queens are personification.
Queens are royals.
Queens are royalty.
Queens are sovereigns.
Queens are stations.
Queens are twice as long or longer.
Queens are unable to raise a brood alone.
Queens are used for chess.
Queens are used for countries.
Queens are used for heads of state.
Queens are used for kings.
Queens are used for people.
Queens are used for rules.
Queens are used for rulings.
Queens are wild.
Queens are women.
Queens arise when workers in a colony selectively feed chosen larvae royal jelly .
Queens begin laying eggs which, in turn, are tended by workers.
Queens come and go.
Queens come out of hibernation, and select a new spot to make a nest.
Queens control colonies.
Queens dominate workers and workers dominate each other.
Queens eat nectar.
Queens feed on pollen.
Queens find nest sites.
Queens find sites.
Queens give birth to offspring.
Queens have (part) air sacs.
Queens have (part) arms.
Queens have (part) body substances.
Queens have (part) brains.
Queens have (part) carapaces.
Queens have (part) cell membranes.
Queens have (part) cells.
Queens have (part) corpi.
Queens have (part) cytoplasm.
Queens have (part) ears.
Queens have (part) faces.
Queens have (part) flight feathers.
Queens have (part) heads.
Queens have (part) human bodies.
Queens have (part) legs.
Queens have (part) material bodies.
Queens have (part) necks.
Queens have (part) nuclei.
Queens have (part) personality.
Queens have (part) plasma membranes.
Queens have (part) quill feathers.
Queens have (part) sections.
Queens have (part) shells.
Queens have (part) skulls.
Queens have (part) thoraxes.
Queens have (part) vacuoles.
Queens have children.
Queens have colonies.
Queens have flesh.
Queens have food.
Queens have growth.
Queens have heads.
Queens have life.
Queens have long life.
Queens have mouths.
Queens have mystery.
Queens have roles.
Queens have smooth stingers.
Queens have stingers.
Queens have white flesh.
Queens have workers.
Queens live an average of on to three years.
Queens live as long as the colony.
Queens live for few years.
Queens live for several years.
Queens live for years.
Queens live long lives in comparison with their workers and are prolific breeders.
Queens live natural life span.
Queens make poor potted or indoor plants.
Queens need proteins.
Queens possess energy.
Queens produce unfertilized eggs that hatch into drones, or male honey bees.
Queens produce workers.
Queens return to colonies.
Queens secrete pheromone.
Queens seek shelter.
Queens sit on their own colour.
Queens survive for years.
Queens survive hibernation.
Queens survive winter.
Queens take the idea of femininity and carry it to the extreme.
Queens tend to be found at the center of an ant's nest.
Queens tend to prefer moist areas, commonly found in rotting wood.
All queen beds, phones in rooms, three units with spa baths.
All queen beds.
Every queen is marked with a numbered disk and has one wing clipped.
Most queen termites have lifespans.
Most queens are member of hives.
Most queens begin their colony without workers, and their first batch of eggs develops into workers.
Most queens cope well with four to six kittens.
Most queens eat nectar.
Most queens find nest sites.
Most queens find sites.
Most queens give birth to offspring.
Most queens have children.
Most queens have colonies.
Most queens have flesh.
Most queens have food.
Most queens have growth.
Most queens have heads.
Most queens have life.
Most queens have long life.
Most queens have mouths.
Most queens have roles.
Most queens have smooth stingers.
Most queens have stingers.
Most queens have white flesh.
Most queens have workers.
Most queens live for few years.
Most queens live for several years.
Most queens live for years.
Most queens possess energy.
Most queens probably live just one or a few years though, again depending on species.
Most queens produce workers.
Most queens return to colonies.
Most queens seek shelter.
Most queens survive for years.
Most queens survive hibernation.
Most queens survive winter.
Some queen beds.
Some queen termites live for years.
Some queen termites live up to decades.
Some queens become more affec- tionate towards their owners whereas others become aggressive.
Some queens build pots.
Some queens collect pollen.
Some queens come out of hibernation.
Some queens develop into workers.
Some queens enter homes.
Some queens enter kitchens.
Some queens feed larvae.
Some queens find places.
Some queens go into hibernation.
Some queens go through stages.
Some queens have ability.
Some queens have egg production.
Some queens have games.
Some queens have kittens.
Some queens have problems.
Some queens have production.
Some queens have sons.
Some queens have spots.
Some queens have wings.
Some queens kill predators.
Some queens leave colonies.
Some queens leave old colonies.
Some queens live for decades.
Some queens look for places.
Some queens mate with drones.
Some queens produce milk.
Some queens produce sons.
Some queens provide food.
Some queens reach maturity.
Some queens reach sexual maturity.
Some queens return to hives.
Some queens seek beds.
Some queens seek out locations.
Some queens seek out nest sites.
Some queens seek out sites.
Some queens seek out suitable nest sites.
Some queens survive autumn.
Some queens survive seasons.
Some queens survive silly seasons.
Some queens survive years.
Some queens take wine.
Some queens use materials.
Queer culture looks fun and that sticks in the homophobe's gullet.
Queer duplicity is so entrenched that there's actually a translatable linguistic code.
Queer vision takes in more than one side of a story, allowing empathy with all genders.
A queer is a homosexual
Queers are as varied as heterosexuals.
Queers are demandin' payoffs an' superior rights from straights.
Queers are just better.
Queers are monkeys.
Queers are more politically conscious.
Queers are unhappy, except while queering each other, disgusting perverts.
Queers are very anti-government in the way the government is being run now.
Queers breathe oxygen, straight people breathe oxygen.
Queers feel vulnerable, afraid of rejection or abuse at the hands of their peers.
Queers is als queens.
Queers is like queens.
Queers know how to party and heterosexuals are grate ful for an invitation.
Queers live in a violent society.
Queers make an art of cynical laughter.
Queers pride themselves on being up on all things courant .
Queers see lesbian-feminist style as a contrast to their own outlaw style.
Queers show that there is more than heterosexuality or homosexuality, more than man and woman.
Many queers worry about how to come out to parents.
Quercetin supplements are available in pill and tablet form.
Query complexity examines the query syntax.
Query expansion is combinable with any other search feature.
Query expansion results for the query term wood .
Query interfaces require good indexing of the library.
Query language allows searching by the value of a field.
Query language features.
Query language is language
Query language is simple and powerful at the same time.
Query languages based on relational calculus are nonprocedural.
Some query languages offer the expressiveness of the full first-order calculus.
Query letter is appreciated giving brief description of subject matter being considered by author.
Query letters are always a sales tool.
Query letters are customarily single-spaced.
Query letters are due .
Query letters are instrumental in providing information to an editor in a concise way.
Query letters are much faster to read than manuscripts.
Query letters are preferred to finished manuscripts.
Query letters are preferred, but unsolicited submissions are also accepted.
Query letters are silent slips of paper that can simply be dealt with later when there is time.
Query letters are welcome.
Query letters can also be via e-mail.
Query optimization is a combinatorial optimization problem.
Query optimization is an important aspect of relational database design.
Query optimization is an integral part of relational database management systems.
Query optimization is categorized into static and dynamic optimization.
Query optimization is introduced in the following section.
Query rates are scalable based on network requirements.
Query strings are best at sending small pieces of information between pages.
A query is a questioning
Queries allow questions to be posed regarding information contained in a program.
Queries allow the user to interrogate the database.
Queries allow the user to sort and filter defect information.
Queries are also easily adaptable.
Queries are also welcome.
Queries are always welcome.
Queries are an incredibly important tool of the trade for the beginning or veteran freelance writer.
Queries are another power tool offered.
Queries are at the discretion of eligible entities.
Queries are case sensitive.
Queries are case-insensitive, so a query can be typed in uppercase or lowercase.
Queries are case-insensitive.
Queries are certainly invaluable.
Queries are easier to create and maintain.
Queries are fine.
Queries are free and are encouraged.
Queries are free for all members.
Queries are free for members.
Queries are free in the newsletter.
Queries are free to members and members of other societies.
Queries are free to members and non-members, members having priority for space.
Queries are free to members and non-members.
Queries are free to members.
Queries are free to paid members.
Queries are free to subscribers, limited to three per issue, no limit in length.
Queries are free to subscribers.
Queries are free.
Queries are graph patterns.
Queries are in the narrative-concept format.
Queries are input in natural language.
Queries are limited one per issue.
Queries are no longer the single centerpiece of the interaction.
Queries are possible by spacecraft name, discipline, and launch date.
Queries are preferred.
Queries are simple to conduct and the mailing lists are delivered electronically.
Queries are simply short idea proposals.
Queries are single-spaced, professional business letters.
Queries are subject to editing to save space.
Queries are the best way to perform calculations in Access.
Queries are the driving force in making databases useful.
Queries are the questions people have about their ancestors, county locations, etc.
Queries are transferrable to other software via a file transfer.
Queries are unlikely to be answered.
Queries are user defined as entries in the initialization file.
Queries are very fast.
Queries are Welcome .
Queries are welcome and published in the next quarterly.
Queries are welcome and they are handled as time permits.
Queries are welcome anytime.
Queries are welcome from members for FREE insertion in the newsletter.
Queries are welcome from the general public.
Queries are welcome from writers of all ages and levels of experience.
Queries are welcome proposing articles exploring leading edge and breaking edge issues.
Queries are welcome to be submitted for our monthly newsletter.
Queries are welcome, but it'll be almost a year before anything can be published.
Queries are welcome.
Queries arrive by a variety of means.
Queries automatically search for any word occurence when the words are separated by commas.
Queries automatically search for any word occurrence when the words are separated by commas.
Queries become central to the user interface tasks of finding and opening files.
Queries can access a single table or multiple tables.
Queries can also contain variables, which are implicitly existentially quantified over the clause.
Queries can also specify presentation information such as position on the page.
Queries can be completely ad hoc.
Queries can be multilingual, and data sets in different languages can be searched at the same time.
Queries can be simple, complex or ad hoc, as needed, without significant performance degradation.
Queries can be simpler OR more difficult than searching with directories.
Queries can be static, dynamic, transient and persistent.
Queries can be substrings.
Queries can include different attribute types.
Queries can include words or numbers.
Queries can range over all default versions or all versions.
Queries can request the distance traveled by a particular car.
Queries can request the entire data file or any subpart of the data.
Queries can run in any database, including news services and magazines.
Queries can send their information to tables, forms or reports.
Queries can span multiple databases.
Queries can take the form of keywords, questions in an email message, or intelligent search agents.
Queries come from new authors, prison inmates, teenage poets, and seasoned writers.
Queries come with one-page instructions, an explanation of what the limits are, etc.
Queries concerning nearly anything related to our field are welcome.
Queries contact the webmaster.
Queries determine the current status of an entity relative to a given quantitative measure.
Queries Determine the sex and date of birth for a given patient.
Queries Enter a name to look up.
Queries extract rows from partitions, rather than scanning the entire table.
Queries filter information from tables according to certain criteria.
Queries GDLC vital product data.
Queries generally have no precondition.
Queries have their own syntax and semantics.
Queries Help solve some genealogical puzzles.
Queries indicate regions where knowledge of the boundaries is poor.
Queries involving aggregation are typical in database applications.
Queries involving other object tables work with the analogous name replacement.
Queries involving the item description can find words buried in the description.
Queries Just fill in and submit the form.
Queries locate literal text phrases.
Queries Look here for researchers searching for the same line.
Queries look like facts, but are presented on standard input.
Queries make take a minute or two, please be patient.
Queries naturally map to goal evaluations.
Queries now generate three sections containing results.
Queries operate on single documents or fixed collections of documents.
Queries provide a method to retrieve stored data.
Queries rage strong.
Queries reduce to binary search and thus take time.
Queries remain the property of their posters.
Queries request headers only.
Queries require no programming expertise.
Queries result in colour changes.
Queries resume time.
Queries retrieve data from the database by establishing relationships among the tables.
Queries return a short excerpt for every occurrence of the queried word in the text.
Queries return astrometric and photometric data for individual objects.
Queries return data specific to that portion of the problem represented by the icon.
Queries return West Legal Directory entries and case law involving the individual.
Queries There are resources on the Internet that include query pages.
Queries There are separate editors for each study area who can be addressed directly by members.
Queries There needs to be some query capability.
Queries typically involve full-table scans requiring minimal indexing.
Queries use a C-like syntax with functions and boolean operators.
Queries use expressions extensively.
Queries use the range of, retrieve and where clauses.
Queries Visit our archives.
Queries welcome by e-mail or snail mail.
Queries welcome on genealogy, biography and heraldry.
Queries work off of tables.
Query allows requests in the image database.
Query also comes with a charting tool.
Query applicants on their jobs, needs and expectations at opt-in.
Query Asks specific questions about the data in the database.
Query attendees about their buying plans and anticipated purchasing budgets.
Query attribute information from the active layer.
Query can include wildcard strings and dates, lists and ranges.
Query candidates about why they think their size is a competitive advantage.
Query data through a view.
Query databases on hospital inpatient discharge data, ambulatory surgery data, etc.
Query generates an html form which can be used for querying.
Query guides users through the data retrieval process with a graphic point and click interface.
Query guides users through the data retrieval process with just a few keystrokes.
Query handles the math, the accumulations, formatting - everything else.
Query includes all club memberships.
Query includes cover, bio and synoposis in four and a half succinct pages.
Query is a feisty tour guide of the ins and outs of the peep show business.
Query is a Theme operation that applies only to a theme which is highlighted.
Query is a web browser based program.
Query is answered partly by stuff from cache and partly from servers.
Query is available on three fields in basic search and fourteen in advanced search.
Query is easy enough to learn, so that the novice can get results immediately.
Query Is Now Complete query generating component.
Query is suitable for simple terminal use.
Query is the basic building block of the search function.
Query is the direct way for experienced users to query a set of data from database server.
Query is the received string query.
Query is transfered to the application which delivers required results.
Query Letters That Sell.
Query only displays permits created within the last year.
Query pairs as hypertext links.
Query primitives for tree-structured data.
Query Provides quick access to informational tools such as probe.
Query Queries the status for a service, or enumerates the status for types of services.
Query records on database, calculated, and pre-processed total fields.
Query reports by date range, page name, engine name, web site domain.
Query result on complicated images with fine details.
Query result to table conversion.
Query results from hiring managers.
Query results from recruiter listings.
Query results from Virage search engine.
Query results on data elements now show registration and administration status.
Query results using the proposed signature.
Query rewriting in relational databases is by now rather well investigated.
Query routing dynamically chooses relevant sources from all available sources to answer queries.
Query scripts capture multimedia objects and their temporal relationships for presentation.
Query searches for contacts given search constraints.
Query sees baleheads as open-minded and receptive to change.
Query sets up a private conversation with a single person.
Query sounds like an essay question.
Query still works.
Query supports recursion depth.
Query updates .
Query Use a query to find key information for a form.
Query always returns set of objects from one table.
All queries are case insensitive.
All queries are case-insensitive.
All queries are check about once a year to make sure the e-mail address is current.
All queries are confidential.
All queries are from a simple command line.
All queries are subject to editing for length.
All queries are subject to editing.
All queries are to be viewed as exclusive to the writer or organization submitting the query.
All queries are welcome.
All queries go directly to the database.
All queries go to the central manager.
All queries have a default, which can be selected by simply entering carriage return.
All queries posted before then are below.
All queries posted on the pages linked here are the copyrighted property of the querant.
All queries return a header line followed by a number of detail lines, one per hit.
All queries return an integer status code.
Any queries contact the webmaster .
Any queries contact the webmaster.
Any query attempting to access any database object has to pass data access control.
Any query can have any combination of all or few of the restraints.
Any query is welcomed.
Any query leads to the text being searched from which one can click and get the original file.
Every query consists of one or more index names which are combined with a search pattern.
Every query has an equal chance.
Every query is replied to within one day of receipt.
Many queries are for people who are known to have migrated from one country to another.
Many queries are routine, but some are as exotic as the bugs in question.
Many queries are short and query terms are noisy.
Many queries involve returnees to a college team.
Many queries require fresh transaction data in addition to monthly warehouse data.
More queries are welcome.
Most queries are too specific for a computer.
Most queries retrieve employee records by their employee number.
Most queries return literals.
Some queries are quite intriguing.
Some queries are short while others have a more verbose description.
Some queries can get very large, so it is important to close the cursor.
Some queries can potentially return very large result sets.
Some queries have answers begging to find their way into words.
Some queries perform calculations, and other queries change data globally.
Some queries take micro-seconds and some take hours.
Queso fresco is a fresh, soft, high-moisture white cheese that has a mild, slightly salty flavor.
Queso fresco is a Mexican fresh cheese with a texture similiar to farmer's cheese.
Queso fresco is a traditional food in the Hispanic culture.
Queso fresco is available in cottage cheese-style tubs in Latin markets and many supermarkets.
Queso fresco is very much a part of Mexican culture.
A quest is a search
Quest isa cognition.
Quest isa knowledge.
Quests also involve killing monsters.
Quests are a lot of fun, so let's get started.
Quests are common throughout many Aboriginal cultures.
Quests are just an all-around good thing for both the players and guides.
Quests are searchs.
Quests are sometimes a bit contrived but make sense and are fun to achieve.
Quests carrying candles arrive in a procession to a designated house asking for lodging by song.
Quests come in three main varieties.
Quests didn t build the community.
Quests Dig deep and explore the mysteries of ancient Egypt.
Quests has a quite involved system that neatly tackles multi player questing.
Quests held on public land tend to be more secluded.
Quests is the page that state quests in the current game.
Quests range from errands and retrievals to kill quotas and assassinations.
Quests When posting quests, please give detailed information.
Quests sometimes fail, are frustrated, abandoned or dissipated into distractions.
All quests have a starting point.
Many quests are optional.
Most quests are journeys of discovery, full of danger, and requiring great courage and dedication.
Most quests revolve around combat.
Some quests are optional, and have no direct influence on completing the game.
Some quests call for their destruction, others for their protection.
Some quests feature colorful diagrams.
Some quests feature diagrams.
Some quests give extra skill points for a reward.
Some quests give huge bragging rights while others give awesome relics and power-ups.
Some quests lead to higher returns, while others are a wasteful adventure.
Some quests require approaches.
Some quests require broad approaches.
Some quests require players.
Some quests unlock new dyes for players to customize their armor with.
Questar telescopes are American engineered, made, and assembled to provide a lifetime of service.
A quester is a person
Questers get important information before setting out on their mission.
Question intonation is another area where work is usually needed.
Question intonation is indicated by a question mark at the end of an utterance.
A question mark is a punctuation mark
Question mark finds islam, islamic etc.
Question mark indicates items difficult to read.
Question mark matches one of any character .
Question mark replaces a single unknown character.
Question marks abound in their rotation, though.
Question marks act as wildcards.
Question marks activate a pop-up definition of the topic heading.
Question marks are a little more complicated.
Question marks are for unknown letters.
Question marks are oddly-shaped hooks which denote a question.
Question marks are punctuation.
Question marks are used when writing a question, to make an inquiry, or to ask something.
Question marks are where a lack of data exists and values are best estimates.
Question marks attached to information indicate some doubt.
Question marks depend on the text.
Question marks designate hypothetical pathways.
Question marks go inside the closing quotation mark when the statement quoted is a question.
Question marks have high growth and low market share.
Question marks heading into the fall still remain at many positions.
Question marks indicate a query or uncertainty.
Question marks indicate characters for which the recognizer declined to make a guess.
Question marks indicate hypothesized ranges.
Question marks indicate impairments being investigated.
Question marks indicate indecipherable letters.
Question marks indicate letters difficult to read.
Question marks indicate letters that are unreadable on the original document.
Question marks indicate missing, incomplete or uncertain information.
Question marks indicate species that are in the process of being added to the site descriptions.
Question marks indicate that the name or letter was undecipherable.
Question marks match single characters in any position in a word.
Question marks remain on offense especially on the line.
Question marks remain, however.
Question marks represent letters that are illegible.
Question marks represent letters that are unreadable on the original document.
Question marks signify unreadable letters.
Question Marks Work some question marks shaped petals on the right for balance.
Any question marks indicate the entry was illegible.
More question marks are in the paint.
A question of fact is a question
Questions of fact are binding on appeal unless plainly wrong.
Questions of fact are present regarding race and sex discrimination in workplace.
Questions of fact are questions that deal with what actually happened in the case.
Questions of fact are questions.
Questions of fact are subject to clearly erroneous review.
Questions of fact refer directly to the text and have only one correct answer.
A question of law is a question
Questions of law are for the judge.
Questions of law are fully reviewable on appeal.
Questions of law are fully reviewable.
Questions of law are questions.
Questions of law are subject to a de novo review.
Questions of law are subject to de novo review.
Questions of law are subject to unlimited review.
Questions of law involve the determination of what the law is.
Questions of law receive de novo review.
Question period follows.
Question time is a farce.
Question time is a period
Question time is after the presentations.
Question time is time periods.
Question time provides a chance for informal discussion.
Question types appear in a random order and have five possible multiple choice answers.
Question types are analogies, antonyms, sentence completion and reading comprehension.
Question types are analytical reasoning, logical reasoning and analysis of explanations.
All question types support the feedback parameter.
Some question types are really several true and false questions.
A question is a questioning
Question Adding carbon to steel makes it harder and stronger.
Question Answer Back to the top of the page.
Question arises about the probability for such event.
Question arises as to the causes of malignant behavior.
Question arises as to why the spot was selected.
Question arises concerning legal partnership, marriage.
Question arises, then, of how to evaluate order of magnitude.
Question Ask questions about how often certain events occurred.
Question Ask questions using the visual and non-visual material gathered while Surveying.
Question Ask students to describe in their own words how to perform various operations.
Question Ask students to determine if there are any excluded values for a given rational expression.
Question Ask students to examine and comment on surveys provided by the teacher.
Question ask technical extension arm internet audio radio broadcast dab anti surge scart system. .
Question ask technical extension arm internet audio radio broadcast dab anti surge scart system.
Question asking is probably the most important intellectual ability man has yet developed.
Question asks how likely online users are to increase online purchasing over the next year.
Question Be a critic when browsing health information sites.
Question believe against all milk instead walk virginia cavaliers apparel.
Question can wait if necessary until next year or even longer.
Question concerning profesional engineers' examination and ensurances is discussed.
Question Consider the total time and commitment required to complete the study.
Question count as two.
Question Describe the question to be searched.
Question Displays the selected question.
Question Does a gas stove work without power.
Question Enter a question.
Question enter at an running.
Question Enter the vote question.
Question Explain in what way.
Question Explain the terms adiabatic and isothermal.
Question Explain why the non-zeros terms have the above form.
Question explains all.
Question focus on teens that are having suicidal thoughts or suffering from adolescent depression.
Question gain thru either newt after doubt tennessee jackets.
Question Go back to the beginning of the chapter and turn the first heading into a question.
Question Go on.
Question goes here.
Question Have children count out the appropriate number of children needed to act out a rhyme.
Question Have students analyse a malfunctioning system that they have constructed or been given.
Question Have students describe in their own words how A Random Walk is played.
Question Have students describe two different ways they can verify their work.
Question Have the children any opportunity of resting.
Question Have very painful memories of states rights as someone who lives in Alabama.
Question hide Breakfast beyond north behind little horseracing odds for hunt below the spy.
Question is a little imprecise.
Question is about authentication choices.
Question is as to what is right and what is wrong.
Question is asked which allows for different responses.
Question is at right of page.
Question is backwards.
Question is changed with each site update.
Question is defective.
Question is deleted from next questionnaire.
Question is does the meat of the proposal deliver.
Question is how much can u drink or eat.
Question is how to get there, with many proposed XML based standards .
Question is how to reproduce and accelerate that process in the lab.
Question is if the latter case can use the name of the currently loaded page as name.
Question Is it dangerous employment.
Question Is it possible to instantly select addresses by multiple criteria.
Question is mainly how soon one can get rid of it without killing the patient.
Question is now how the registers fit in here.
Question is on adoption.
Question is pretty vague.
Question is pursued throughout the semester with active student involvement.
Question is scaled from one being the most feasible to five being the least feasible.
Question Is the swelling the whole parotid gland a lump in the parotid region.
Question Is there much correlation in the risk factor between breast cancer and ovarian cancer.
Question is what causes the liability.
Question is what is more efficient.
Question is what to do.
Question is where to find art.
Question is whether delay in allowing taxing units to foreclose on their lien is a taking.
Question is whether folk prefer minimum number of rounds, minimum number of tournaments, or both.
Question is whether to focus on job-specific criteria or broader competencies and fit indices.
Question is why.
Question is, can UVa get it done.
Question is, do humans impact global dynamics and, if so, how.
Question is, how difficult are they to change.
Question is, what do Indian cricketers expect from themselves.
Question is, when and how.
Question is, who is going to take first step.
Question isa event.
Question learn along either newt after gain Arkansas razorbacks poster.
Question lingers on the issue to reduce our salary grade without a corresponding plantilla for all.
Question Listing The question listing shows a table with one question per row.
Question Look at the graph below.
Question Look at the in zoom by the coast .
Question Make multiple plots of the wavefunctions.
Question marks about the period of punctuation.
Question marks flat or sharp.
Question marks it depends if they are part of the quote or part of the sentence.
Question Now begin to work.
Question now is what it means to belong.
Question offer Shoppers during sailor within no cigarette coupons that said outside any nest.
Question promises .
Question relates to heavy subsidization of biotechnology by foreign governments.
Question remains about effectiveness on mites in brood cells.
Question remains as to how to guarantee the presence of spirit at the same time.
Question represent away that psytrance.
Question requires an answer.
Question Select the statement below that is most true.
Question shave off several dad's birthday gifts.
Question Shown above is an image of a sunspot region.
Question Turn each heading into a question.
Question used in the poll is shown below .
Question Using examples explain what economists mean by the term 'market failure'.
Question varies away an country line.
Question varies away an seattle sites.
Question varies away an theravadan.
Questions abound about the meaning of the elections.
Questions abound about what happens after death.
Questions abound about where the donor body was actually acquired.
Questions abound and answers usually exist.
Questions abound and, until the draft was underway, nobody knew quite what was going to unfold.
Questions abound as one studies birds in the wild.
Questions abound as to the fate of the people on board.
Questions abound concerning it a.
Questions abound concerning the nature, identity and function of the church.
Questions abound for the long term.
Questions abound regarding the safety of genetically manipulated agricultural products.
Questions abound regarding the taxes and regulation of online transactions.
Questions abound regarding who has to file, selecting a return and how to file.
Questions abound, but the answers are becoming easier to find.
Questions abound, compete and contend.
Questions abound, however, regarding the qualifications of the bottom four seeds.
Questions abound. . .
Question's about toddler.
Questions accompanying each chapter are well suited for group discussions.
Questions Add a variable named pushed that keeps track of the number of things on the stack.
Questions add nothing to a scene except the potential for embarrassing fellow actors.
Questions address social conditions and family life before the war, as well as wartime experiences.
Questions afterward are many, and discussions often are generated.
Questions also allow a chance for problems to be aired.
Questions also arise about staffing after-school programs located within schools.
Questions also arise about the qualifications of a larger absolute number of students and faculty.
Questions also arise concerning lawn watering practices for the summer.
Questions also arise concerning the usefulness of committees and parliamentary process.
Questions also arise in relation to the proposed timescale.
Questions also arise with checks made out to private schools.
Questions also come up with regard to physical education.
Questions also consider effects on fish-eating mammals and birds.
Questions also cover movies, tv shows, and music of the time.
Questions also hang over the figures for England and Wales.
Questions also help to separate issues.
Questions also loom about challenges to students.
Questions also provide a means to evaluate answers.
Questions also remain about cultural and historical authenticity.
Questions also remain about intellectual-property copyrights and compensation.
Questions also remain about the arena's design.
Questions also remain about the spread of genetically modified crops in China.
Questions also serve as the frame on which knowledge is built.
Questions also welcome, of course.
Questions Answer the following questions fully.
Questions Answer the following questions in the spaces provided.
Questions Answer the following questions.
Questions appear at the end of each unit, for review.
Questions appear on palm as check boxes.
Questions appear once a day, five days per week.
Questions appear one at a time on screen.
Questions appear one at a time, but can be revisited.
Questions appear randomly amongst interviews and discussions.
Questions appear to be almost random.
Questions applicant to elicit information to verify and supplement form.
Questions applicant to get information to verify and supplement form.
Questions are a burden to others, Answers a prison for oneself.
Questions are a burden to others.
Questions are a constant part of a good pairing session.
Questions are a deep structure in our thought and language and social nature.
Questions are a fact of life.
Questions are a good way to get started.
Questions are a good way to learn something or about something.
Questions are a great way of breaking the ice and getting to know someone.
Questions are a great way to get at understanding.
Questions are a mode of life and lead to fascinating new avenues.
Questions are a sure-fire way to let students learn from each other.
Questions are a type of sentence in German and English.
Questions are a valuable contribution.
Questions are a very important part of the teaching process.
Questions are a way of making issues of the day public.
Questions are a wonderful cutting tool.
Questions are about diagnosis, therapy and organizational policy.
Questions are abundant.
Questions are acceptable at any time during the lecture.
Questions are alive.
Questions are all good.
Questions are almost all on academic topics, and are more difficult than other formats.
Questions are also effective at exposing hypocrisy and error when skillfully framed.
Questions are also helpful in getting the interviewer to talk.
Questions are also important.
Questions are also likely to be asked about the North's ballistic missile programme.
Questions are also primarily social.
Questions are also welcome for the preparation of a Frequently Asked Questions document.
Questions are also welcome.
Questions are also Welcome.
Questions are always appropriate.
Questions are always encouraged.
Questions are always more important than answers.
Questions are always welcome and answered free of charge.
Questions are always welcome and encouraged.
Questions are always welcome and everyone can learn something from participating in type gatherings.
Questions are always welcome at anytime.
Questions are always welcome both in and out of class.
Questions are always welcome in and after class.
Questions are always welcome in class.
Questions are always welcome too.
Questions are always welcome, and lively, informed discussion is encouraged.
Questions are always welcome, so each presentation is personal.
Questions are always welcome.
Questions are an essential and integral part of an effective presentation.
Questions are an essential part of the news writing process.
Questions are an excellent method of attracting delegates back from their mental undergrowth.
Questions are an excellent way of getting it.
Questions are an important part of learning.
Questions are an opportunity to engage the class in observations and discussions.
Questions are an under-used piece of communication in our culture.
Questions are anonymous.
Questions are answered quickly even with help from volunteer teachers from all over the whole world.
Questions are apperaed randomly.
Questions are appropriate for the family to play together.
Questions are appropriate if requested by the presenter.
Questions are at an advanced undergraduate level.
Questions are attempts to get someone to provide answers.
Questions are available by assignment.
Questions are available for the following topics.
Questions are available online for the past several semesters.
Questions are best answer by phone.
Questions are both oral and written.
Questions are brief quizzes.
Questions are brief, and they generally refer to specific issues.
Questions are but alleys, roads between people, things, and inside and outside worlds.
Questions are by grade.
Questions are capable of surprise.
Questions are central to unravelling the mysteries of culture and the self.
Questions are complete.
Questions are computer generated so playing time is unlimited.
Questions are cool.
Questions are currently available.
Questions are designed to be answered in sequential order.
Questions are due at the beginning of class on that date.
Questions are due at the beginning of the class prior to the exam.
Questions are due each week - to be delivered as previously discussed.
Questions are due the day that material is tested.
Questions are due the first class of each week, at the beginning of class.
Questions are effective because they initiate interaction with the potential customer.
Questions are either general or leading.
Questions are either multiple choice or short answer.
Questions are either real or psuedo.
Questions are e-mailed to our account and downloaded on a daily basis.
Questions are encourage.
Questions are encouraged and good conversation makes for a pleasant trip.
Questions are encouraged, discussion is lively, and a wide range of opinions is always in evidence.
Questions are encouraged, feedback is welcome.
Questions are encourages and dialogue fostered.
Questions are equivalent in difficulty, but different.
Questions are essential tools for real problem-solving.
Questions are everywhere.
Questions are extremely important.
Questions are far more effective.
Questions are fine unless no one wants to answer.
Questions are from both professionals and consumers.
Questions are from lecture and text only.
Questions are from lecture and the text only.
Questions are from the five academic disciplines required for high school graduation.
Questions are fundamental to the assessment approach.
Questions are general in nature and require written responses in essay format.
Questions are generally either synoptic essay questions or data handling exercises.
Questions are generally the quickest route from ignorance to knowledge.
Questions are good .
Questions are good and today is an appropriate day for questions.
Questions are good but doubt in the face of transforming love is a demon.
Questions are good, but actual testing is even better.
Questions are good, the more the merrier.
Questions are good.
Questions are healthy.
Questions are helpful to clarify ideas, concepts and terminology.
Questions are highly encouraged.
Questions are if wildlife has been imported to the phillipines and distributed planetarily.
Questions are implied.
Questions are important in language learning in three main ways.
Questions are important.
Questions are in blue.
Questions are in bold, answers are right bellow the question.
Questions are in bold.
Questions are in boldface type .
Questions are in brown.
Questions are in easy, moderate, and difficult categories.
Questions are in italic type.
Questions are in several formats including multiple choice, short answer, and essay.
Questions are in Spanish.
Questions are in the first person and answers are in the second person.
Questions are in the first person, and answers are in the second person.
Questions are in the order they appear in the textbook.
Questions are in the upper one.
Questions are inexpensive to prepare.
Questions are informational only.
Questions are just as important as assertions or statements.
Questions are just as welcome, of course.
Questions are largely quantitative, with a few exceptions.
Questions are limited to discussion of the film.
Questions are more beneficial than answers.
Questions are more compelling than answers.
Questions are more efficient.
Questions are more enticing than answers.
Questions are more interesting than answers.
Questions are more into nature and environment of the hotel.
Questions are more involved.
Questions are more likely to be asked and answered in a group setting.
Questions are more or less difficult depending on the age of each grandchild.
Questions are more powerful than answers, so ask away.
Questions are more powerful than answers.
Questions are more valuable than statements, because they nurture exploration and discovery.
Questions are most beneficial when they are general, covering main topics and important points.
Questions are most welcome and even encouraged.
Questions are most welcome during the seminar.
Questions are most welcome.
Questions are much easier to come by.
Questions are multiple choice and short essay format.
Questions are multiple choice, so players have a good chance of guessing if they are unsure.
Questions are multiple choice, solutions are at back.
Questions are multiple choice.
Questions are multiple-choice style.
Questions are multiple-choice.
Questions are necessary.
Questions are never indiscreet.
Questions are no longer questions but riddles to be cleverly circulated.
Questions are noncontroversial or fielded by others.
Questions are now in order - distribute for grading.
Questions are numerous and often require responses in a short time.
Questions are objective, with no leading suggestions to the desired response.
Questions are obtainable only from the Internet.
Questions are of a general nature and each survey only takes a couple of minutes.
Questions are of a general nature within each category.
Questions are of an essay nature requiring organization and synthesis of ideas.
Questions are of equal value.
Questions are often open-ended.
Questions are often raised regarding the health promotion services employees can expect to receive.
Questions are often subtle, sometimes simple.
Questions are okay.
Questions are on a wide variety of topics and are in a multiple-choice format.
Questions are on general topics, with special emphasis on current events and social issues.
Questions are one exception to that, and are answered by either a Y or a N .
Questions are one obvious aid.
Questions are one of the key indicators of how well students are following the professor's lecture.
Questions are ongoing, and if the orientor doesn t know the answer, so much the better.
Questions are only two or three, basically.
Questions are open ended.
Questions are open for varied time frames, ranging from one day to one month or beyond.
Questions are open to interpretation by the responding physicians.
Questions are original, challenging, probing, and well reflected in the subsequent article.
Questions are our best tools for learning.
Questions are our business.
Questions are our speciality.
Questions are particularly helpful.
Questions are perhaps more important than answers.
Questions are prepared and evaluated by specialists in the respective subareas.
Questions are prepared, the survey booklet and answer sheets are typed, proofread, and duplicated.
Questions are programmable.
Questions are queries.
Questions are questioning.
Questions are really good.
Questions are recoverability and environmental impact.
Questions are relevant to the purpose of the lesson.
Questions are reproductions of ideas shared by The Natural Step.
Questions are requests for information from a remote source.
Questions are sacred.
Questions are sentences.
Questions are short answer obtained directly from the example.
Questions are similar to actual exams.
Questions are simple and good .
Questions are simple to add to a file.
Questions are simply that, things in the case for which an answer is needed.
Questions are single or multiple choice objective type.
Questions are singles.
Questions are small and short.
Questions are still appropriate today.
Questions are still around about what type and how much.
Questions are subject to editing.
Questions are subject to editorial rights.
Questions are subjects.
Questions are suitable for all ages.
Questions are suitable for both children and adults.
Questions are suitable for class or small-group discussion and for writing.
Questions are suitable for college age and older job seekers.
Questions are superfiicial in nature and poorly articulated.
Questions are the answer.
Questions are the asking Of answers which are questions Of people in our futuristic show.
Questions are the basis of learning.
Questions are the beginning of wisdom.
Questions are the creative acts of intelligence.
Questions are the engines of stories.
Questions are the individual items within a section that require input from the form recipient.
Questions are the key to knowledge.
Questions are the key to learning.
Questions are the key to taking control of a conversation.
Questions are the key.
Questions are the keys to unlock the vaults of information, needs, wants and emotions.
Questions are the same to provide consistency.
Questions are the seeds of solutions.
Questions are the simplest form of interaction and can occur at any time during the lecture.
Questions are the starting point of discovery, thought, and insight.
Questions are thorough and well worth the few minutes.
Questions are to be answered from handouts.
Questions are to be answered in order of their appearance on the test.
Questions are to be asked collectively of the panel whenever possible.
Questions are to be determined at the next meeting.
Questions are to be directed to the other forums.
Questions are to be emailed to lecturers.
Questions are to be emailed to the instructor and to the class as a whole.
Questions are to be of a professional rather than a personal nature.
Questions are to be of content that each candidate can answer in turn.
Questions are to be on a separate sheet of paper and are due as the problems at the start of class.
Questions are to be referred to the senior class sponsor.
Questions are to be studying and replied to in a timely manner.
Questions are to be submitted along with the questions.
Questions are to be submitted by letter or fax.
Questions are to be thoughtful seeking answers requiring higher order thinking.
Questions are to be turned in each week, one question per article.
Questions are to challenge the reader's critical thinking and problem-solving skills.
Questions are to clarify information.
Questions are to learning as vital signs living.
Questions are tools of thinking that can be modified and molded to fit shifting situations.
Questions are true and false multiple choice.
Questions are unambiguous, so the information gets to the right place.
Questions are unannounced and only available in class.
Questions are unanswered.
Questions are uncensored, answers are direct and thorough.
Questions are unclear or absent.
Questions are up to date and based on current official professional and collegiate rule books.
Questions are useless only when left unanswered.
Questions are usually multiple choice, using scanned answer sheets for computerized scoring.
Questions are usually prepared and standard.
Questions are usually quite simple and are answered the next day.
Questions are usually that the water is cloudy, smells bad, or has black particles in it.
Questions are vague or confusing.
Questions are valuable.
Questions are very important to find out exactly what the teacher wants on different assignments.
Questions are very important, unless of course they're stupid useless ones.
Questions are very important.
Questions are very interesting verbal voyages.
Questions are very much welcome.
Questions are very welcome during class .
Questions are vital, and as a group, solutions can be found.
Questions are welcome and attention is paid to each indivitual situation.
Questions are welcome and congratulations are in order.
Questions are welcome and encouraged on everything from bouquets to who pays for the festivities.
Questions are welcome and encouraged, and are answered promptly, responsively, and completely.
Questions are welcome and encouraged.
Questions are welcome and many member officers are available to assist.
Questions are welcome any time.
Questions are welcome anytime during lecture.
Questions are welcome anytime.
Questions are welcome at any other time as well.
Questions are welcome at any time during class lecture.
Questions are welcome at any time during class, and student participation is greatly encouraged.
Questions are welcome at any time during the class lecture.
Questions are welcome at any time during the class lectures and labwork.
Questions are welcome at any time.
Questions are welcome at anytime.
Questions are welcome at the end of the talk.
Questions are welcome both during and after the presentation.
Questions are welcome during class and lab, by e-mail, and during office hours.
Questions are welcome during the lecture.
Questions are welcome from ALL readers at ALL levels and Forums, from everyone.
Questions are welcome from nonvegetarians interested in a healthier lifestyle.
Questions are welcome in both French and English.
Questions are welcome on any topic.
Questions are welcome preferably by email.
Questions are welcome through the contact page or by e-mail.
Questions are welcome throughout the presentation.
Questions are welcome throughout the sessions.
Questions are welcome throughout the tour.
Questions are welcome to.
Questions are welcome too.
Questions are welcome via telephone or fax, and principally through email.
Questions are welcome, and participation of the broadest possible audience is encouraged.
Questions are welcome, and requests are responded to with pleasant cooperation.
Questions are welcome, and usually answered quickly and knowledgeably.
Questions are welcome, as always.
Questions are welcome, but please read the following information first.
Questions are welcome.
Questions are worth one point unless otherwise indicated.
Questions are worth the indicated points.
Questions are worth two points each.
Questions are worth two points unless another value is indicated.
Questions are worth two points, unless otherwise noted.
Questions are written asdichotomouscouplets that are mutually exclusive.
Questions arise about assisted living.
Questions arise about how to best develop new technology to meet the needs of an aging population.
Questions arise about just how effective copper products are for bacterial and fungal diseases.
Questions arise about the mental lives of apes and monkeys.
Questions arise about the possibility of such negative situations occurring in other communities.
Questions arise and are answered in a more linear fashion, one at a time and in no particular order.
Questions arise around the lack of women in photographs.
Questions arise as governments are asked for replenishment of funds.
Questions arise as the dust settles.
Questions arise as to how the register is to be accessed.
Questions arise as to how the world is preparing for the effects of the millennium bug.
Questions arise as to the differences and similarities between the two.
Questions arise as young children represent what they have experienced and know about.
Questions arise concerning cooperative efforts and marriage.
Questions arise concerning dating, ages, authorship, consistency, etc.
Questions arise concerning direction, motivation, marital status.
Questions arise concerning partnership.
Questions arise concerning the impact of the findings on indigenous communities.
Questions arise daily.
Questions arise even from the most ardent believers.
Questions arise here, too.
Questions arise like how to share the profit.
Questions arise on neighborhood local streets.
Questions arise over the application of the exception in current school design.
Questions arise regarding changes made in the formula over the past two years.
Questions arise The miracle has lost some luster in the two weeks since.
Questions arise when one mentions third world work.
Questions arise which become immensely disturbing for orthodox theologians.
Questions arise, for instance, by observing.
Questions arise, however, when one considers whether sweetener users change their eating patterns.
Questions arising from daily practice can be the impetus for professional development.
Questions arouse about diamond target orientation.
Questions Ask a librarian.
Questions ask about student s confidence with email, word processing, and databases.
Questions ask for a nursing action or intervention, based on the data or situation presented.
Questions ask for information about people, places, things, or ideas.
Questions Ask specific questions about how the practice is run.
Questions asked by professors usually indicate what is important.
Questions asked by telephone, on the other hand, have to be kept simple and short.
Questions Asking the right questions is important.
Questions assess factual content and application of the material.
Questions assess the perception and the behavior of the preceptor by the extern.
Questions assess the perception of acquired knowledge, skills and confidence.
Questions automatically adjust to the ability of each player based on previous answers.
Questions automatically recognize a dispute or some sort.
Questions await further excavation.
Questions based on class demos often appear in tests.
Questions based on fear are particularly important to clear up.
Questions beg answers, and the truly curious are in search of the right answers.
Questions begin below.
Questions begin forming, and it becomes clear no one is who they seem to be.
Questions begin to pop up with increasing force.
Questions begin to take shape in the mind of the reader well before the actual performance.
Questions Beginning Therapists Ask.
Questions beginning with a subordinating conjunction or a relative pronoun are complete sentences.
Questions being addressed include the following.
Questions below are general forms of the questions asked.
Questions breed greater thought.
Questions browsing Another retrieval technique is based on database browsing.
Questions call ext.
Questions call for some combination of problem solving and short essay responses.
Questions call or write.
Questions can also have their own weight, headers and diagrams.
Questions can arise indirectly or directly.
Questions can arise regarding maintenance responsibilities.
Questions can arise, however, with neighboring properties.
Questions can be about homework problems or exercises or about the lecture material.
Questions can be about homework, puzzles, math contest problems, or any other mathematical topic.
Questions can be about homework, puzzles, math contests, or anything else related to mathematics.
Questions can be about homework, puzzles, math education or anything related to mathematics.
Questions can be about the arctic, our research program or any other topic related to our project.
Questions can be about the bible, the church, future plans or whatever.
Questions can be adaptive depending on the responses.
Questions can be anonymous.
Questions can be answered, parts are in stock.
Questions can be as short as one word or as long as one paragraph.
Questions can be clinical or administrative.
Questions can be either short answer or multiple choice.
Questions can be e-mailed for a quick reply.
Questions can be e-mailed through links at the bottom of each page.
Questions can be e-mailed to asga.
Questions can be fine-tuned to a variety of clinical areas and age groups.
Questions can be from class material and reading assignments.
Questions can be from class material, reading assignments or videos shown in class.
Questions can be general in nature or state specific.
Questions can be hard, easy, nearly impossible or anywhere in between.
Questions can be informational or they can be broader in context.
Questions can be irrelevant.
Questions can be more important than answers.
Questions can be multiple choice, fill in the blank, and short answer.
Questions can be of a legal, library or general nature.
Questions can be of any size or type, and can include graphics and special symbols.
Questions can be of any sort.
Questions can be of any subject.
Questions can be of four different types.
Questions can be oral, answers oral or written.
Questions can be phone or faxed from locations receiving the satellite feed.
Questions can be plain text or including an image or a sound.
Questions can be powerful tool for clarifying issues and solving problems.
Questions can be simply inappropriate, however heartfelt their framing.
Questions can be specific and fact-finding or broad and searching.
Questions can be too narrow or too broad, too formal or too intimate, too vague, or biased.
Questions can be true-false or multiple choice.
Questions can beanswered on the fly.
Questions can become the most dynamic part of an interview.
Questions can beg a negative response.
Questions can change the topic.
Questions can come from any one of the completed novels or from the selections of short stories.
Questions can come from within.
Questions can cover authors, works, and content.
Questions can cover nearly everything related to the arrest.
Questions can encourage people to open up and talk.
Questions can exist about the general professionalism of paralegals.
Questions can expand on or challenge other questions, ideas, or arguments.
Questions can flow to advisors via e-mail.
Questions can focus on goals, accomplishments, and meaningful past experiences, to name a few.
Questions can force students to review all of the information that the teacher has presented.
Questions can get more complex as children grow up.
Questions can have up to five possible responses.
Questions can help build rapport.
Questions can help children learn to compare and classify things.
Questions can help clear up any misunderstandings early in the conversation.
Questions can help determine what the sputum looks like and how easily it is expelled.
Questions can include images.
Questions can keep the conversation going.
Questions can often provoke the most interesting discussions.
Questions can open conversations.
Questions can play another important role in students' educations, though.
Questions can provide clues without revealing confidential information.
Questions can refer to content, organization, or even grammar and word choice.
Questions can relate to an audience member's agreement.
Questions can relate to an audience member's disagreement.
Questions can remain and divisions can be very deep.
Questions can serve the same purpose as restating the message.
Questions can take many forms.
Questions can take up to a month to answer.
Questions can test memory, applications and evaluations.
Questions can wrap onto other lines a.
Questions cause a desire to thinks.
Questions cause anxiety and answers provide the solution, so many people go right for the solutions.
Questions cause people to think and learn more about themselves.
Questions cause people to think, and the answer which follows stays with the listener longer.
Questions cause the brain to search for an answer.
Questions change each week, and answers are posted.
Questions change every day.
Questions change every time.
Questions change periodically so check back.
Questions change weekly so stop back by.
Questions change weekly.
Questions check our FAQs page.
Questions Check out the 'Images'.
Questions Click a destination on the map to go to that area.
Questions come from all regions of Virginia as well as from other states and countries.
Questions come from both rural and urban people.
Questions come from one of three sources.
Questions come from patients.
Questions come from students and adults.
Questions come from textbook reading, class discussion, class power points and lecture.
Questions come from the news desk, or from other senior editors, or from the slot and the backfield.
Questions come in a cascading torrent.
Questions come in several forms.
Questions come in three general flavors.
Questions come in two formats.
Questions come lightly. . .
Questions come to mind.
Questions Compare the convex pattern with the flat pattern.
Questions Compare the difference between a physical property and a chemical property.
Questions Compare the sheet of recycled paper with the original sheets of newspaper.
Questions concerning beads, go to here.
Questions concerning both residential and commercial projects are welcome.
Questions concerning breach of duty are ordinarily factual matters for the jury to decide.
Questions concerning culture and identity are the main issues of the debate.
Questions concerning diversity continue to divide much of the student body.
Questions concerning education and education systems fall, broadly, into two main categories.
Questions concerning engineering and design are always welcome.
Questions concerning international students often revolve around admission to graduate programs.
Questions concerning legal affairs, reputation, marital status loom large.
Questions concerning lions as well as bighorns are relevant.
Questions concerning love loom large.
Questions concerning marital status loom large.
Questions concerning mental, physical, or sexual abuse in the present or the past are important.
Questions concerning out of town service or other comments click here.
Questions concerning partnership, cooperative efforts, marriage loom large.
Questions concerning partnership, marriage loom large.
Questions concerning partnerships, marriage loom large.
Questions concerning policies and procedures are the main concern.
Questions concerning primary and secondary sources are, of course, of greatest import.
Questions concerning resume usage, validity, and style are simply endless.
Questions concerning site location, builder, design and decor are important.
Questions concerning staffing levels can also arise.
Questions concerning the API, templates, modules, themes and architecture are on topic.
Questions concerning the major are to be directed to the department chair.
Questions concerning the selection of the votes or other aspects of a member's record are welcome.
Questions concerning the solicitation are due in writing two weeks after the actual issue date .
Questions concerning the subject matter of the course are welcome at any time.
Questions concerning timescales is difficult.
Questions concerning whether honey bees spread canker continue to surface.
Questions Consider a favorite field or forested area.
Questions considered involve determining the structure of bilinear spaces of elliptic curves.
Questions consist in filling up holes generated automatically by the computer.
Questions consist of word scrambles, math, memory problems etc.
Questions constantly test understanding and hints are given when answers are wrong.
Questions containing absolute qualifiers such as always or never often are false.
Questions contains questions submitted by readers and answers to the questions.
Questions contains some commonly asked questions.
Questions continually adjust in difficulty based on a student s previous response.
Questions continually adjust to each student s response pattern.
Questions continue as lunch ends.
Questions continue to arise respecting the origins and the rationale of Canada's flag.
Questions continue to be raised about risk management issues.
Questions continue to come from many quarters about the consequences of a mega-bank failure.
Questions continue to come in regarding rated officers competing for non-rated billets.
Questions continue to concern ownership, legal rights, marriage.
Questions control a conversation.
Questions control discussion and are an alternative to disagreements.
Questions convert data into information and information into insight.
Questions cover a range of issues about our society, many of which have recently been in the news.
Questions cover a wide variety of biology topics.
Questions cover a wide variety of topics.
Questions cover all aspects of physical landscape, daily life, jobs, transport and religion.
Questions cover all exam objectives and are fully interactive.
Questions cover all exam objectives.
Questions cover all sizes of stores, with a special subset important for smaller stores.
Questions cover any area from astronomy to zoology.
Questions cover district, school, and classroom level practices.
Questions cover geography of the U.S., Canada, Mexico, and the world.
Questions cover headlines and obscure stories.
Questions cover many academic areas including social studies, language, science and math.
Questions cover most all aspects of kitchen work and skills.
Questions cover operating systems, hardware and networking.
Questions cover sampling, testing, specific nutrients, liming, and soil amendments.
Questions cover social studies, geography, mathematics, literature, art, and current events.
Questions cover social, economic and political conditions.
Questions cover such topics as point of view, character, setting, plot, theme.
Questions cover technical as well as general information.
Questions cover the beginner to expert user levels of expertise.
Questions cover the significance of style, content, and design in each work.
Questions cover the usual to the urgent and emergent areas of internal medicine.
Questions cover topics from the whole course.
Questions cover topics on snoring, narcolepsy, insomnia, restless legs syndrome, and other issues.
Questions create a natural flow of information between people.
Questions create space for new expressions of faith and orthodoxy to emerge.
Questions crop up at every step.
Questions dealing with overtime include number of extra hours worked and rate of pay.
Questions define tasks, express problems and delineate issues.
Questions Define the federal budget deficit.
Questions demand an answer.
Questions derived from the chapter and the Internet occur on the exams.
Questions Describe how a bioptic telescope works.
Questions Describe how the cooling rate of the coffee changed over time.
Questions Describe the basic pattern used by the devil to deceive people.
Questions Describe the control group.
Questions Describe the different types of unemployment.
Questions Describe the lesion in the heart at autopsy.
Questions Describe the role of each member of a food chain.
Questions Describe the various stages of the African slave trade.
Questions Describe what a gray fox looks like.
Questions desire answers.
Questions develop higher order thinking skills and strategic reading.
Questions direct the mind.
Questions direct the students to review the experiment's concepts and consider further research.
Questions Discuss the geographic problems that beset old Russia and the Soviet Union.
Questions Discuss the parts of a raptor's anatomy that are crucial for it to catch prey.
Questions Do a keyword search for sweatshops .
Questions do arise about the funding of getting a station on the air.
Questions do arise as the experiences unfold.
Questions do arise concerning that crucial human-voice register, though.
Questions do come to mind.
Questions do require answers.
Questions Do the following for self-study.
Questions do two things.
Questions dont know about the network part.
Questions Draw a labor supply and demand diagram of the U.S. labor market.
Questions Draw a supply and demand diagram for theme park admissions.
Questions Draw a supply and demand diagram of the market for automobiles.
Questions Draw a supply and demand diagram of the market for milk.
Questions drive our work all year long.
Questions early are better than questions late.
Questions emerge about the team's purpose and support.
Questions emerge over control of oil fields located in the south.
Questions enable the assessment of teaching that promotes effective learning.
Questions encourage children to compare various dinosaurs.
Questions encourage openness and honesty.
Questions end with a question mark.
Questions enhance a person's knowledge.
Questions Enter any questions related to networks in the space above.
Questions even arise about how to organize the estate of the ill or dying person.
Questions exist about grammar.
Questions exist in some cases as to the original state and composition of stored items.
Questions exist related to the impact of potential external regulation.
Questions Explain the forces acting on the light and heavy balls when thrown.
Questions Explain the terms division of labor and economic specialization.
Questions Explain what the different filtering options within the configuration menu do.
Questions fail to be answered.
Questions fall like seeds upon the mind.
Questions fill our minds of what to do differently, and how to correct things and how to score.
Questions fill the air.
Questions Find a geosynchronous satellite that covers Malaysia.
Questions Find out which patterns can be learned with the unit step activation function.
Questions flood their minds.
Questions flow in from readers every day and on weekends as well.
Questions flow like the creek they just visited.
Questions fly back and forth.
Questions fly out, born of fear and grief and pain.
Questions focus attention, rouse curiosity and interest, elicit views and stimulate discussion.
Questions focus awareness, and get the mind working on solutions.
Questions focus on bringing together the reader's lived experiences and the longing for the Savior.
Questions focus on how having an autistic child affects relationships within the family.
Questions focus on technical issues in the tail group.
Questions focus on teen s relationships with friends, family relationships and parent relationships.
Questions focus on types of health behaviors people practice.
Questions focus the mind.
Questions follow below.
Questions follow each concept in the exposition to prepare students to proceed.
Questions follow each story.
Questions follow more questions.
Questions follow the order of the reading.
Questions follow the reading assignment.
Questions following each act are suitable for individual or group activity.
Questions force the student to interact with the material and reinforce key concepts.
Questions generally describe a scenario and ask which players best fit that scenario.
Questions generally have a multiple-choice answer.
Questions generate discussion - and discussions generate information which can be utilized by all.
Questions generate discussion.
Questions generated from student are often better than the teacher's.
Questions get harder or easier based upon answers to the previous questions.
Questions get increasingly difficult, and current and all-time scores are recorded.
Questions get more demanding as the students progress.
Questions get personal, and feelings are confronted.
Questions get progressively more difficult in multiweek competition.
Questions Get the answers to frequently asked questions about the admissions process.
Questions get very often answers and sometimes from statistical celebrities.
Questions give a reader a sense of choice and control.
Questions give birth to learning.
Questions giving a choice of answers are defective.
Questions go a long way to unearth varied voices from around our tables.
Questions go back and forth.
Questions go begging, pleas go unanswered, and retorts hang in the air like a bad smell.
Questions go here .
Questions Go here to view unanswered questions.
Questions go to different scientists on a rotating basis.
Questions go unanswered and product benefits go unexplained.
Questions go without asking.
Questions going to the merits of the claimed appeal are for the appellate court to decide.
Questions governing ideological, pedagogical, and systemic issues are to be examined.
Questions guide kids to write about what they see.
Questions guide student answers - it uses the computer to solve problems with simulations.
Questions guide the content of debates.
Questions guide the students' careful examinations of the art.
Questions hanging in between are carefully unspoken.
Questions have a pop culture twist.
Questions have a specific agreement marker with third person singular actantcs.
Questions have an uncertain or tentative quality that make the issue fuzzy.
Questions have degrees of difficulty.
Questions have few answers, and crises become all consuming.
Questions have five answer choices.
Questions have four levels of difficulties.
Questions have powerful influence in interaction.
Questions have the magnificent power to transform our destiny.
Questions have to be answerable and open-ended if they are to encourage participation.
Questions have to be asked and the data analyzed.
Questions have to be asked by the public.
Questions have to be asked of our denomination's seminaries.
Questions have to be asked.
Questions have to be fun, they have to be well written and they have to be as accurate as possible.
Questions have to be put with tact and sensitivity.
Questions help apply the tools of description, analysis, interpretation, and evaluation to reading.
Questions help children think and explore ideas.
Questions help make meaning out of what seems like nonsense.
Questions help people derive meanings from an experience'.
Questions Here are some of the more common questions asked in medical school interviews.
Questions Here are the messages without answer.
Questions here focus on understanding the relevant parts of their story.
Questions here lead to one of the sore spots in the distribution formula.
Questions hide beneath the slick marketing hype and high-tech food processing.
Questions Identify the chemical composition of each type of sand or sample.
Questions II.B deals with bidis.
Questions immediately arise.
Questions immediately begin to arise.
Questions immediately follow photos.
Questions Includes problems on the mole and concentration.
Questions indicate interest and motivation.
Questions induce imagination.
Questions invite children to talk to their family and friends about what they have learned.
Questions invoke more of our intuitive, creative right brain.
Questions involving interpretation of zoning ordinances are questions of law.
Questions involving lifestyle are crucial components of a wish list.
Questions is a game that older students can enjoy.
Questions is a game which consists in each party responding to the other's question with a question.
Questions is a list of questions to answer and fill in after completing the activity.
Questions is a student test bank to enhance the student's knowledge of the subject matter.
Questions is asked of the group.
Questions is truly a classic game.
Questions just keep getting heaped on questions.
Questions lack investigative structure.
Questions lead students to reflect on the relationships they see in the models.
Questions lead the viewing process.
Questions lead the way in learning.
Questions lead to answers, which require action.
Questions lead to knowledge, and knowledge leads to sales.
Questions lead to more questions, which lead to additional hypothesis that can be tested.
Questions lead to options that employ graphics, tables, simulation, or animation.
Questions leap to mind.
Questions lie at the heart of the learning process.
Questions lie in the defensive arena.
Questions linger about how the fight started and who was responsible.
Questions linger about the after-effects of English rule.
Questions linger in their minds that they are afraid to voice.
Questions linger over role of agency .
Questions Look at the ends of a broken pretzel with a magnifying glass.
Questions Look at the soles of several types of gym shoes.
Questions look here.
Questions loom large concerning career, business partnership, marital status.
Questions loom large concerning direction, motivation, marital status.
Questions loom large concerning offers of partnership, marriage.
Questions loom over the potential candidacy of each front-runner.
Questions make a passive reader into an active one.
Questions make excellent headings.
Questions make much better stories . . .
Questions marked are either new or have been changed recently.
Questions merely invite conversation.
Questions motivate learners to ask, wonder and discover in order to know.
Questions Name the four major parts of the hydrologic cycle.
Questions Name the oceans.
Questions naturally arise.
Questions naturally lead to answers, which give rise to more questions.
Questions necessarily remain.
Questions needing full name are so marked.
Questions never cease on the newsgroups.
Questions Never stop asking unanswerable questions.
Questions now appear without answers selected.
Questions now arising involve what comes next.
Questions occur about the completion and processing of the survey.
Questions occur at the end of each story and a glossary is included.
Questions occur or early trends can be spotted that only an author can address adequately.
Questions open one up.
Questions open up the door to talk, but remember the key to good questions is good listening.
Questions open windows to new ideas, images, and insights.
Questions opens the door to engagement.
Questions organise our lives.
Questions overlap because the elements overlap.
Questions persist on whether the company has the makings of a market thoroughbred.
Questions pertaining to federalism are equally important.
Questions pile up and confusion still reigns supreme.
Questions Play with the program and try to make it able to recognize all characters.
Questions please e-mail or call.
Questions please e-mail.
Questions pop up, answers rebound, and there is an open, expansive sense of verbal engagement.
Questions pop up.
Questions posed are never answers.
Questions posted in the forums are open to everyone, and anyone can respond.
Questions pour les praticiens.
Questions prevail and there are many attempts to provide answers.
Questions prompt learners toward acquiring the new knowledge.
Questions provide an ability for students to ask questions of project participants via email.
Questions provide opportunities for connection, understanding and, when necessary, advocacy.
Questions provokes healthy talks.
Questions raise material to a new level.
Questions range about leisure habits, income, savings amounts, bank connections, and such.
Questions range from birth and death dates to film cast information.
Questions range from computer software to email to the Web.
Questions range from critters to roses to diseases.
Questions range from details on applying epoxies and urethanes to estimating and scaffolding.
Questions range from easy to very difficult and swing from pole to pole without warning.
Questions range from home modifications to child rearing, from medical equipment to fertility.
Questions range from how to begin exporting to how to establish an overseas warehouse.
Questions range from information on potential suppliers to a competitor's marketing strategy.
Questions range from investing strategy to mortgages, taxes and issues.
Questions range from issues such as commuting to office hours geared to nontrads.
Questions range from newbie to highly technical.
Questions range from product knowledge to pricing issues to shipping lead-times to company history.
Questions range from simple billing inquiries to more complex technical-support issues.
Questions range from the companies beginnings to the future of Terminus.
Questions range from the general to the specific.
Questions range from the spiritual to the mundane.
Questions range in degree of difficulty from an easier one pointer up to five points.
Questions range in difficulty from easy to hard.
Questions re election returns.
Questions re. email attributes.
Questions Read our list of frequently asked questions to learn how the workshop operates.
Questions Read the above pages and answer the following questions.
Questions Read the attached poem and answer the following questions fully.
Questions Read through our list of frequently asked questions about the program.
Questions refer to the students abilities, weaknesses, and other topics.
Questions referencing the business aspects of the form, please contact the managing department.
Questions reflect a mental organization of a subject.
Questions reflect both the reading and the lectures.
Questions regarding a referral are to be asked between classes, at lunch, or after school.
Questions regarding acreage are critical.
Questions regarding adverse health impacts due to the contamination add an additional dimension.
Questions regarding age, race, sex, and marital status are illegal.
Questions regarding authority and authenticity can require some challenging detective work.
Questions regarding conference proceedings are the most difficult in a science library.
Questions regarding dates, days of the week, number of days in a month, etc. follow.
Questions regarding dental care constantly crop up in pregnancy.
Questions regarding ethics arise.
Questions regarding inductions being harder labors than natural labors are valid.
Questions regarding ipodate sodium are always welcome.
Questions regarding large-scale program implementation, however, remain.
Questions regarding metronidazole or other drugs are always welcome.
Questions regarding our products are always welcome.
Questions regarding potassium bromide are always welcome.
Questions regarding programs, arrangements, or facilities are welcome.
Questions regarding religion, marital status, sexual preference and age are illegal.
Questions regarding shade usually come up at intensive grazing schools.
Questions regarding technique, price and availability are welcome.
Questions regarding the above and indeed viable comments are welcome.
Questions regarding the antitrust case did arise, of course.
Questions regarding the application content or process are welcome.
Questions regarding the Bible are really too important to trust to only one source.
Questions regarding the completion of vouchers are welcome.
Questions regarding the controls arise when there appears to be decreased recovery of albumin.
Questions regarding the exact meaning of variations in skin temperature continue to surface.
Questions regarding the existence or extent of dependency are questions of fact.
Questions regarding the possibilities for and limits to social change are also explored.
Questions regarding the site, suggestions for improvements, and problem reports are all welcome.
Questions regarding the syllabus are welcome any time.
Questions regarding the technology are welcome.
Questions regarding the unlicensed practice of law are beyond the scope of an ethics opinion.
Questions regarding the website, please contact the webmaster.
Questions regarding worker rights or the environment occupy little space in our trade system.
Questions regarding worker rights or the environment, occupy little space in our trade system.
Questions reinforce the hallmarks of the disease.
Questions relate to all areas of learning typical to secondary educational programs in the state.
Questions relate to print, electronic distribution, archiving, access and pricing.
Questions relate to the identification of rumen compartments or their function.
Questions relate to the world and careers, rather than personal experiences.
Questions related to competition meets both national and international.
Questions related to direct patient care receive priority handling.
Questions related to evaluating needs, site development, marketing, etc. take a little longer.
Questions related to hair loss are difficult.
Questions related to ownership also surface when outsourcing to a contractor.
Questions related to teacher education are complex, challenging, and controversial.
Questions relating directly or indirectly to an applicant's race or color are unlawful.
Questions relating to literature can become more involved.
Questions relating to patentability are often complex and usually require professional assistance.
Questions relating to such basic issues as the adequacy and fairness of benefits are subjective.
Questions relating to the weekly day of rest come up again and again.
Questions remain about a mysterious, massive second blast following the torpedo hit.
Questions remain about enforcing the ban.
Questions remain about how to best implement such a thing.
Questions remain about how well the product scales, service relationships, and content management.
Questions remain about interpretation of the data.
Questions remain about marital and legal practice.
Questions remain about reliability of the pumps and the actual net savings.
Questions remain about the activity patterns of the mimic octopus in both the wild and in captivity.
Questions remain about the appropriateness of treating intellectual material like industrial parts.
Questions remain about the combination therapy's long-term effectiveness.
Questions remain about the economic feasibility.
Questions remain about the full extent of U.S. involvement.
Questions remain about the head and tail orientation of the animal.
Questions remain about the legality of the Arkansas adoption.
Questions remain about the ownership of some pyramids.
Questions remain about the proposed cure, too.
Questions remain about the relevance and thus usefulness of animal testing for human health effects.
Questions remain about the safety of prolonged estrogen use.
Questions remain about the software partners of each contender.
Questions remain about the spontaneous religious outburst, though.
Questions remain about the teaching authority of the committee report.
Questions remain about the truth of information presented in the permit application.
Questions remain about the use of the realm element.
Questions remain about the use of the revenue generated.
Questions remain about troglitazone's use to facilitate ovulation.
Questions remain about what happens to the beam when the threshold intensity is exceeded.
Questions remain about whether the vice president has the right to follow such an independent line.
Questions remain as to whether the maintenance workers or the guards violated the rules.
Questions remain as what really happened and who is telling the truth.
Questions remain concerning the stability of the endlinks site.
Questions remain confidential.
Questions remain for life insurance, disability service, and medical reimbursement account vendors.
Questions remain however, such as just how mutant huntingtin slithers into the nucleus.
Questions remain if can dictate pace with higher quality racehorses.
Questions remain in goal.
Questions remain in the secondary.
Questions remain on how best to address the problems arising from their application.
Questions remain on how to fund pay for performance.
Questions remain on offense and personnel changes have been made defensively.
Questions remain on possible exposure to reproductive toxicants.
Questions remain over environmental impacts and food safety.
Questions remain regarding enforcement.
Questions remain regarding the utility of a marketing approach in program development.
Questions remain surrounding the choosing and approving of local church delegates.
Questions remain surrounding the lack of a big man and the other men in the paint.
Questions remain the property of their authors.
Questions remain to be answered about the paparazzi s impact on that Paris car accident.
Questions remain to be answered before an exact timetable can be set.
Questions remain to be answered.
Questions remain unanswered if advanced paternal age can be linked to any birth defects.
Questions remain unanswered.
Questions remain, but can only be answered by the future.
Questions remain, however, as to whether basin depth is a proxy for some other site attribute.
Questions remain, however, concerning the courts' interpretation of the new statute.
Questions remain, however, over what the company is doing about the problem.
Questions remain, however, over whether the program contains race-preferential policies.
Questions remain, however, regarding which patients to treat.
Questions remain, however.
Questions remain, of course.
Questions remain, though.
Questions represent an opportunity to learn and are encouraged.
Questions require a response.
Questions require a True or False response.
Questions require answers.
Questions require interaction, and interaction promotes relationships.
Questions require problem-solving skills rather than simple memorization of material.
Questions require students to synthesize and interpret information contained in the test.
Questions require the Ph.D. student to describe illustrations and express opinions.
Questions require two variables and a predicted direction.
Questions requiring more in-depth expanation and associated fees are available upon request.
Questions revolve around math, science, English, and social studies.
Questions revolving around concepts can help students sharpen their mental models of nature.
Questions Rewording for interviewee's of the younger generation is noted in italic green.
Questions rise from needs to know.
Questions rise here as well.
Questions run the gamut.
Questions scattered through the book have answers at the back.
Questions score points, draw blood, and shame opponents.
Questions seem to be very random, broad, and general in nature.
Questions seem to bring more questions.
Questions Select the ONE BEST answer for each question.
Questions Select the word or phrase which best completes each statement.
Questions serve humans as a means of inquiry.
Questions show an interest in getting the job done right.
Questions show the interest to learn.
Questions Sign onto the mailing list .
Questions soon abound.
Questions soon fly as freely as the snow.
Questions sound like statements or sentence fragments.
Questions span the entire range of human knowledge.
Questions start at one point each .
Questions start at one point each.
Questions start leading to other questions.
Questions still abound in their locker room.
Questions still exist about the applicable date of the cap.
Questions still linger about an off-season foot injury.
Questions still remain about acid rain and building stone in the Washington area.
Questions still remain about the full extent of United States involvement.
Questions still remain about vehicular traffic.
Questions still remain as to the extent that alcohol affects fire losses.
Questions still remain as to the spread of mad cow disease.
Questions still remain on the apparent relation between moderate alcohol intake and breast cancer.
Questions still remain regarding the safety of work zones.
Questions still remain, answers are few, and speculation great.
Questions still remain, however.
Questions still remain.
Questions still surround the phenomenon.
Questions stimulate the mind toward greater knowledge.
Questions stretch our minds and hearts and increase our understanding.
Questions submitted by e-mail are preferred.
Questions submitted by registered customers receive first priority .
Questions submitted in previous years are available for students to review if they wish.
Questions Summarize the main points of view presented.
Questions Summarize the negative and positive aspects of church influence in the Middle Ages.
Questions surround performance enhancer.
Questions surround the death of a competitive community.
Questions surround the future of the leaders of smaller parties in the coalition.
Questions take longer to answer.
Questions Take turns asking questions.
Questions taking more than a page to present are a disgrace and of no proper use to the profession.
Questions target the member s real-world experience.
Questions tell the teacher that the lights are on and somebody is home.
Questions tend to arise from factors other than the transplant itself.
Questions tend to be on the lower end of critical thinking scale.
Questions tend to be specific .
Questions tend to come in various standard formats.
Questions tend to emerge that seek to find solutions to what are quite contrived problem sets.
Questions tend to lead students to give shorter, less developed answers.
Questions test basic scientific reasoning skills.
Questions then arise.
Questions Think of an object and answer some questions.
Questions typically take only minutes to answer.
Questions use both male and female children as examples.
Questions Using the group, answer the following questions.
Questions vary from easy to extremely difficult.
Questions vary from song to song.
Questions vary in difficulty.
Questions vary in level of difficulty, giving instructors a wide variety from which to choose.
Questions Verify that the two unit delay specification is equivalent to the implementation.
Questions Visit the FAQs list.
Questions Welcome to our web site.
Questions welcome via e-mail.
Questions Write a function maxl that returns the maximum value from a list.
Questions Writing survey questions is probably the most important skill in survey research.
Questions written for a mailed survey can be slightly longer and more complex.
Question always has an obvious answer.
Questions always arise about tank mixing ethephon.
Questions always ask for several steps.
Questions always come up as the level is being built.
Questions always come with answers.
Questions always get attention.
Questions always lead somewhere else.
Questions always welcome.
Questions frequently arise about liability and workers' compensation.
Questions frequently arise as to when a company becomes subject to tax in another state.
Questions often address a key issue or debate within a given area of study.
Questions often arise about the identity and edibility of mushrooms that are found.
Questions often arise about transporting or storing a muzzleloading rifle with a charge in it.
Questions often arise about which mulch is best.
Questions often arise around the definition of income related terms.
Questions often arise as to the differences in statistics between one source and another.
Questions often arise concerning the proper wording of invitations and the agenda for the ceremony.
Questions often arise when leases expire.
Questions often begin with part of the verb.
Questions often come from commercial growers as well as from back yard gardeners.
Questions often invite comic relief.
Questions often outnumber answers.
Questions often remain in the mind of the digger after the pit is complete.
Questions sometimes arise as to whether one has to collect so many subsamples.
Questions sometimes ask about the perception of past risk, current risk, and future risk.
Questions usually come via the phone, fax, or email.
Questions usually give away the verdict.
Questions usually progress from general and less sensitive to specific and more sensitive.
Questions usually require a brief response.
All questions address the idea of a Trinity.
All questions admit a default answer indicated at the prompt.
All questions admit a default answer indicated in the text fields.
All questions aim to evaluate the candidate's suitability for the position and the company.
All questions allow for the selection of one or more responses.
All questions allow only a limited number of attempts .
All questions appear in bold text, and answers follow in normal text.
All questions apply from just after the opening kickoff to the instant the game ends.
All questions are about cats.
All questions are anonymous.
All questions are answered in the order in which they are received.
All questions are appropriate.
All questions are as unique as the client.
All questions are certainly welcome.
All questions are closed book and closed computer unless otherwise noted.
All questions are common to the professions of engineering, geology, geophysics and geoscience.
All questions are common to the professions of engineering, geology, geophysics, and geoscience.
All questions are completely confidential.
All questions are compulsory.
All questions are confidential.
All questions are fair game from resumes to interviews.
All questions are fair game.
All questions are for the simple computer discussed in class unless stated otherwise.
All questions are from our water treatment section linked on our home page.
All questions are from the Reference List .
All questions are good questions as long as they are in good taste.
All questions are good.
All questions are important here.
All questions are important so ask.
All questions are important.
All questions are in a variety of formats, but most are case-based and multiple choice.
All questions are in multiple choice form.
All questions are in multiple choice format.
All questions are in the essay format.
All questions are in the multiple choice format.
All questions are in the public domain, and can be used as a basis for study.
All questions are job related.
All questions are mandatory and are shown in red .
All questions are MOUS tasks.
All questions are multiple choice and each worth one mark.
All questions are multiple choice and have four alternative answers.
All questions are multiple choice and scanned answer sheets are used.
All questions are multiple choice and sometimes none of the choices are correct.
All questions are multiple choice or short answer.
All questions are multiple choice taken from the book and lectures.
All questions are multiple choice with five answer choices.
All questions are multiple choice with four answer choices.
All questions are multiple choice with four possible answers .
All questions are multiple choice with four possible answers.
All questions are multiple choice with one correct answer.
All questions are multiple choice with only one correct answer.
All questions are multiple choice, and the exam is graded immediately after the student is finished.
All questions are multiple choice, choose the correct answer.
All questions are multiple choice, each with only ONE appropriate answer.
All questions are multiple choice, with only ONE correct answer.
All questions are multiple choice.
All questions are multiple-choice and worth one mark.
All questions are multiple-choice, one correct answer per question.
All questions are multiple-choice.
All questions are of equal point value.
All questions are of equal value except where stated on the test paper.
All questions are of equal value, but some are tougher than others.
All questions are of equal value.
All questions are of equal weight.
All questions are of the type needed to adequately figure a job proposal.
All questions are on our actual application and are needed to set up a merchant account.
All questions are one-part questions.
All questions are open and ready for debate.
All questions are open to interpretation.
All questions are opitional.
All questions are optional - Only the email address is required.
All questions are optional .
All questions are optional and all responses are anonymous.
All questions are optional and are asked only for purpose of better understanding.
All questions are optional and are asked only for purposes of better matching.
All questions are optional and are asked only for the purpose of better matching.
All questions are optional.
All questions are oral in the upper grades.
ALL questions are part of course material.
All questions are permissible.
All questions are pilot-tested and analyzed statistically for difficulty and discriminating power.
All questions are problem rather than essay questions.
All questions are rafts that can transport a person part of the way and no further.
All questions are selected at random, so each exercise is different.
All questions are short answer.
All questions are subject to review.
All questions are the multiple choice type.
All questions are the short-answer type.
All questions are to be answered in essay form.
All questions are to be answered.
All questions are to be attempted.
All questions are to be directed to the instructor.
All questions are to be handed in at that time.
All questions are to be submitted by email and stated in the body of the message.
All questions are to Here.
All questions are topic-specific.
All questions are totally optional.
All questions are True or False High blood glucose can make a diabetic's vision blurry.
All questions are true or false.
All questions are valid and answered to the best of our ability.
All questions are valid.
All questions are voluntary and optional.
All questions are welcome and are answered with honesty from real people with real experiences.
All questions are welcome here.
All questions are welcome such as to how to change oil, to how to tie shoes.
All questions are welcome, especially from newbies.
All questions are welcome.
All questions are welecome.
All questions are worth equal marks.
All questions are worth one mark.
All questions are worth one point each.
All questions are worth the same amount of points.
All questions are worth the same amount.
All questions are worth the same number of points, regardless of difficulty level.
All questions are, of course, optional.
All questions arise on the pleadings.
All questions ask for the respondent to elaborate beyond the limited choices provided.
All questions bear the same weight.
All questions become one question.
All questions begin with a clinical vignette.
All questions below are optional.
All questions can be e-mailed in.
All questions can include question-specific graphics and styles.
All questions carry equal credit.
All questions carry equal marks .
All questions carry equal marks.
ALL questions carry equal marks.
All questions carry equal weight.
All questions closely resemble questions in actual test.
All questions come from sites and ministries located on gospelcom.net.
All questions concerning combinations and lab hours are to be directed toward the UCLAs.
All questions concerning education and training are job related.
All questions concerning figuring tax rates use the calendar year as the taxation period.
All questions concerning hours of duty, pay.
All questions contemplate federal court review of federal agencies unless otherwise indicated.
All questions count as either being right or wrong.
All questions count equally.
All questions count the same amount.
All questions count the same, so finish the easy ones first, then go back for the hard ones.
All questions count the same.
All questions differ in their power.
All questions directed to the pharmacist, as well as prescription records, are confidential.
All questions emphasize lecture materials, class discussions and homework problems.
All questions exist for specific reasons.
All questions follow the basic rules of grammar.
All questions go unanswered.
All questions have a default.
All questions have a sampling error of plus or minus four points.
All questions have an answer.
All questions have answers.
All questions have but one single answer.
All questions have correct answers.
All questions have equal value.
All questions have equal weight.
All questions have equal weighting.
All questions have only one correct answer, and no adjustment is made for wrong answers.
All questions have only one correct answer.
All questions have relatively short answers.
All questions have the same value.
All questions have to be put into good English after they have been answered by our Tibetan doctor.
All questions have to do with classification and definition of classifications.
All questions have yes or no answers.
All questions invites frames.
All questions kindly send to webmaster.
All questions offer answers on a scale of one to five, one being the lowest and five the highest.
All questions posted are representative.
All questions provide multiple choice of answers.
All questions refer to costs incurred during the last fiscal year.
All questions refer to the following method.
All questions refer to the pseudocode model below.
All questions regarding advertising are also welcome.
ALL questions regarding computers are welcome, and NO question is considered 'too dumb' to be asked.
All questions relate solely to the individual patient.
All questions relate to information from the reading and to the chart.
All questions relate to issues of common concern in modern democracies.
All questions relate to theabove stated critical health issues.
All questions relating to the attendance policy are to be directed to the school.
All questions remain confidential and are published anonymously.
All questions remain confidential and the information is provided without obligation.
All questions require an answer.
All questions require written answers, in sentences and paragraphs.
All questions reveal something important.
All questions serve the purpose of implementing federal programs funded by the federal budget.
All questions simply refer to parents.
All questions stay open.
All questions ultimately hinge upon the problems of knowledge.
All questions use the same nine-point response scale.
All questions used are from previous CPA exams.
All questions used for the column are completely anonymous.
All questions used on every exam receive at least five separate checks for clarity and law accuracy.
All questions welcome from advanced or new designers.
All questions welcome.
Any question allows an evaluation in terms of number of points achieved.
Any question can also be acceptable.
Any question concerning a temporal or spatial 'beyond' is empty and without meaning.
Any question involving physical, emotional and spiritual health is OK here.
Any question is a legitimate question.
Any question is appropriate.
Any question is better than no question.
Any question is fair game for consideration.
Any question is fair game.
Any question is fair.
Any question is fare game.
Any question is welcome.
Any question regarding submitted papers has to be directed to the corresponding session organizer .
Any question regarding system operation is fair game.
Any questions are also welcome.
Any questions are to be directed here .
Any questions are topical, as life is our main learning experience.
Any questions are welcome.
Any questions are Welcome.
Any questions ask now.
Any questions become a challenge and any actions become defiance.
Any questions call our office for clarification.
Any questions can be e-mailed to the forum administrator.
Any questions can come out.
Any questions click here .
Any questions concerning exams and grades are to be discussed with the teaching assistant.
Any questions concerning the procedures are welcome.
Any questions concerning the X-ray procedures are welcome.
Any questions contact the autocrat.
Any questions contact the state chair.
Any questions email the webmaster .
Any questions feel free to ask.
Any questions feel free to call or E-mail.
Any questions feel free to call or email.
Any questions feel free to contact the advisor.
Any questions feel free to contact the person listed above.
Any questions feel free to email direct or post here.
Any questions find cg on chat.
Any questions gimme' a shout.
Any questions just aks.
Any questions just ask.
Any questions just email back.
Any questions missed are to be corrected.
Any questions please e-mail , or to place an order jump to the ordering page .
Any questions please e-mail .
Any questions please e-mail.
Any questions please.
Any questions refer to handout.
Any questions regarding installation or maintenance are only a phone call away.
Any questions regarding registration, contact the region office.
Any questions regarding scheduling and availability, please contact the instructors.
Any questions regarding the examination are welcome.
Any questions regarding the website or new ideas please contact the webmaster .
Any questions regarding what is official, please contact the library.
Any questions see counselor or to an instructor teaching in the field of management.
Any questions send e-mail.
Any questions use the above email.
Any questions visit our support section.
Any questions welcome.
Every question asked by our clients is answered with a complete and understandable explanation.
Every question breaks into parts and points.
Every question carries equal marks.
Every question comes out.
Every question comes with an explanation for the answer, giving users a tutorial at the same time.
Every question deserves an answer.
Every question gets a silly answer.
Every question has a learning objective field.
Every question has a right to be answered.
Every question has an answer here at homework help.
Every question has an answer.
Every question has five choices for the answer.
Every question has four choices.
Every question has more than one answer and every problem has more than one solution.
Every question has one correct answer.
Every question has the same numerical weight, however.
Every question includes a quote or reference to a specific section of the text.
Every question includes on-screen help and examples.
Every question includes on-screen tutorial help, examples and definitions.
Every question includes on-screen tutorial help, examples, and definitions.
Every question is a communication problem to be solved.
Every question is a good one and and every question is unique because of who is asking it.
Every question is a good one that others on the call want the answer to.
Every question is a good one.
Every question is a good question, every failure an opportunity to learn.
Every question is a multiple choice question .
Every question is a multiple choice question.
Every question is a new entry.
Every question is a new game.
Every question is a stupid question.
Every question is accompanied by links to web sites which contain the answers.
Every question is answered in detail and with respect.
Every question is answered.
Every question is based on a lack of information or understanding.
Every question is compulsory .
Every question is entirely optional.
Every question is explained in detail.
Every question is important.
Every question is met with an answer.
Every question is preceded by a colored bullet.
Every question is pretested.
Every question is read aloud by the host which is why the game needed two CDs.
Every question is received and answered by e-mail.
Every question is required by law to manage or evaluate federal programs.
Every question is required to manage or evaluate one or another federal program or law.
Every question is reviewed in the book.
Every question is worth a certain amount of points.
Every question is worth one point .
Every question is worth one point.
Every question is worth only one point, whether it is simple or complex.
Every question leads to another question, and man's present knowledge of the oceans is small.
Every question leads to another.
Every question receives an honest, direct answer.
Every question relates to the research topic.
Every question requires a response.
Every question reveals that faculty and staff use the cards less.
Every question revolves around the fact the media believe wrestling teaches children violence.
Every question sent to the network is reviewed by our office.
Many questions frequently recur.
Many questions often arise from people using a Web site.
Many question remain unanswered.
Many question still remain to be addressed in the research area described above.
Many questions abound.
Many questions address more than one standard.
Many questions address several questions about a single topic.
Many questions also arise regarding cross-pollination of plants in the garden.
Many questions appear on more than one sex-role questionnaire.
Many questions are appropriate also for discussion sections.
Many questions are as yet unanswered.
Many questions are conceptual rather than numerical in nature.
Many questions are customisable to meet a company s requirements.
Many questions are egotistical in themselves.
Many questions are from actual past examinations.
Many questions are hypothetical.
Many questions are legitimate.
Many questions are likely to spring to mind.
Many questions are pretty hard, so it is a challenge.
Many questions are related.
Many questions are standard.
Many questions are still open.
Many questions are still to be resolved.
Many questions are still unanswered about the Birmingham bombing.
Many questions are still unanswered.
Many questions are still without adequate answers.
Many questions are the worried wanderings of our insecure minds.
Many questions are unanswerable.
Many questions are unanswered concerning various aspects of liver disorders.
Many questions are unanswered.
Many questions are very simple one sentence questions.
Many questions are yet to be answered.
Many questions arise after a horrible moment.
Many questions arise as to why Klansmen light the cross.
Many questions arise from that broad request.
Many questions arise from the above list.
Many questions arise in deciding whether an individual needs a permit to carry a handgun.
Many questions arise in such a process.
Many questions arise on the topic of why there are sweatshops.
Many questions arise out of the practice of selling and naming stars.
Many questions arise regarding college testing.
Many questions arise regarding the income taxation of clergy.
Many questions arise when a score of unsatisfactory is received.
Many questions arise when an employment offer is being considered.
Many questions arise when considering working for the government.
Many questions arise when designing a composition mechanism.
Many questions arise when discussing associations between fisheries and plankton.
Many questions arise when new genes are found.
Many questions arise when the subject of biblical inerrancy comes up.
Many questions arise, and the hole has only been in play a few days.
Many questions arise.
Many questions arouse regarding the mission of the committee.
Many questions arrive concerning frog-friendly gardens and the construction of ponds.
Many questions assume that the reader has a full understanding of characters and content.
Many questions begin to arise in the telling of the tale.
Many questions can arise when it comes to mutual fund investing.
Many questions can center around the concept of assumptions.
Many questions can come to mind.
Many questions come in about watering.
Many questions come to mind and few have immediate answers.
Many questions come to mind when the spectre of multidisciplinary practices is raised.
Many questions come to mind.
Many questions come up.
Many questions confront farmers and homeowners about plant food management.
Many questions contain comments from survey takers.
Many questions contain mistakes in the use of words.
Many questions continue to abound about common household battery recycling.
Many questions continue to hang in the forefront of everyone's mind.
Many questions cry out for answers.
Many questions emerge about the benefits of various mulches.
Many questions face the evaluator.
Many questions focus on beginning reading.
Many questions follow.
Many questions give the speakers the possibility to explain their arguments with examples.
Many questions go unanswered.
Many questions have a reference.
Many questions have more than one supportable answer.
Many questions have multiple parts.
Many questions have no easy answers.
Many questions have several parts and partial credit can be earned on the individual parts.
Many questions have to be answered before the referendum.
Many questions have yet to be answered about cancer and the therapeutic process.
Many questions have yet to be answered.
Many questions immediately come to mind.
Many questions involve more than one subject area.
Many questions involve the security deposit.
Many questions linger concerning the true character of the new party.
Many questions now arise.
Many questions raised have substantial legal implications.
Many questions receive up to a dozen answers.
Many questions regarding antiques and collectibles involve a great deal of research.
Many questions regarding bisphosphonates remain unanswered.
Many questions regarding teaching and learning are universal.
Many questions regarding the root cause and physics behind the two events remain unanswered.
Many questions regarding the safety and effectiveness of melatonin remain to be answered.
Many questions relate closely to the information found within the subtitles.
Many questions remain about educational effectiveness and costs.
Many questions remain about specifications, choice of developer, choice of design, etc.
Many questions remain about submarine procedures and the distinguished visitors program.
Many questions remain about the basic biology of the coaster brook trout.
Many questions remain about the biology of mental disorders.
Many questions remain about the effects of mercury on adults.
Many questions remain about the effects of mercury on the foetus.
Many questions remain about the entire process.
Many questions remain about the evolution of brown dwarves.
Many questions remain about the form of joint implementation and emission.
Many questions remain about the imaging equipment, image handling, and telecommunications systems.
Many questions remain about the new laws.
Many questions remain about the relationship of land activities to coastal water quality.
Many questions remain about the role of the charitable sector in the Canadian economy.
Many questions remain about the role of titin.
Many questions remain about the roles of organizational units in capacity building.
Many questions remain about the shape of a future peace.
Many questions remain about what to recommend for women migraine patients.
Many questions remain as the series resumes action at North Carolina Speedway today.
Many questions remain as to why the list was only a partial release.
Many questions remain concerning the basic immunology of live oral vectors.
Many questions remain concerning the distribution and biology of freshwater jellyfish.
Many questions remain concerning the optional retirement system.
Many questions remain controversial.
Many questions remain for the team to investigate.
Many questions remain on the outlook for plantations in the Southern Hemisphere.
Many questions remain open . . .
Many questions remain The question of choice is never solely an individual question.
Many questions remain though.
Many questions remain to be answered about Venus.
Many questions remain to be answered about what appear to be most peculiar and anomalous situations.
Many questions remain to be answered in regard to internationally imposed and enforced sanctions.
Many questions remain to be answered, however.
Many questions remain to be answered.
Many questions remain to be resolved.
Many questions remain unanswered about the attack.
Many questions remain unanswered about the interpretative approach.
Many questions remain unanswered about the natural processes that affect marine productivity.
Many questions remain unanswered about the use of biologic specimens.
Many questions remain unanswered although they have been asked repeatedly.
Many questions remain unanswered and research continues.
Many questions remain unanswered as an inquiry begins.
Many questions remain unanswered at present.
Many questions remain unanswered by the allergen model of the pathogenesis of asthma.
Many questions remain unanswered in regards to the assessment.
Many questions remain unanswered in the vast domain of things past.
Many questions remain unanswered, however, about the long-term effects of marine mammal watching.
Many questions remain unanswered, however.
Many questions remain unanswered.
Many questions remain unresolved.
Many questions remain, but several committees are working on the answers.
Many questions remain, however.
Many questions remain, the authors say.
Many questions remain.
Many questions require extensive research on the part of the person providing an answer.
Many questions require longer, more detailed responses.
Many questions require research in order to be answered appropriately.
Many questions sound impossible.
Many questions spring readily to mind.
Many questions still have to be resolved.
Many questions still linger about what exactly led to the fatal events.
Many questions still remain about a rattan's life history, regenerative abilities, and morphology.
Many questions still remain aboutthe efficacy of the videodisc for the language student.
Many questions still remain concerning the reliability of such inexpensive equipment.
Many questions still remain however.
Many questions still remain in the medical community about how best to treat prostate cancer.
Many questions still remain to be answered.
Many questions still remain unanswered.
Many questions still remain.
Many questions still surround issues such as individual privacy, taxation and free speech.
Many questions stir a player's curiosity.
Many questions surround development of the super-giant gas fields.
Many questions surround the decision to intubate a patient.
Many questions surround the issue of children and verbal abuse.
Many questions unavoidably remain unanswered.
More questions are available in our practice tests.
More questions arise, though.
More questions arise.
More questions follow.
More questions go here .
More questions Here are three diagrams showing the forces acting on moving things.
More questions remain.
Most questions apply to life and earth sciences.
Most questions are about ideas, rather than about simple facts.
Most questions are about the recency requirements.
Most questions are academic in nature and concern facts learned during a liberal arts education.
Most questions are already here in others' braindump.
Most questions are applicable to any reader.
Most questions are conceptual, and the calculations involved are quite simple.
Most questions are concerned with individual users.
Most questions are multiple choice.
Most questions are optional.
Most questions are pretty basic.
Most questions are relevant to all types of legal firm.
Most questions are simple, some are more involved.
Most questions are there.
Most questions arise when students are doing homework on translation or composition exercises.
Most questions assume that a certain amount of knowledge is possessed by the respondent.
Most questions carry detailed explanations.
Most questions center around safety and effectiveness.
Most questions come through the internet chat room.
Most questions contain a combination of who, what, where or how facts.
Most questions contain assumptions that invite negative, defensive responses.
Most questions contain key terms and instruction terms .
Most questions contain multiple clues.
Most questions deal with course logistics or with course content.
Most questions fall into five different categories.
Most questions generally ask What or Where .
Most questions have four possible answers, one of which is correct.
Most questions have more than one answer.
Most questions have more than one part.
Most questions have multiple-choice answers provided.
Most questions have two columns of answers, one on the left and one on the right.
Most questions here focus on the interpretation of the documentary.
Most questions here have simple answers.
Most questions now are about learning-effects.
Most questions occur after the purchase of the product.
Most questions offer simple pull-down menu choices.
Most questions receive responses within a few hours.
Most questions regard policy coverage.
Most questions relate to login or browser-related problems.
Most questions relating to knobs fall into the related topics of size, quantity and positioning.
Most questions require a check-box or multiple choice answer.
Most questions require essay answers.
Most questions require one response.
Most questions require only a brief answer.
Most questions seem unnecessarily intrusive and make parents feel uncomfortable.
Most questions stop there.
Some questions always have the potential of starting a challenging, thought provoking discussion.
Some questions frequently recur.
Some question arise.
Some question exists if such treatment is proper.
Some questions address the reliability of the site.
Some questions allow for more than one answer to be selected.
Some questions allow for more than one correct answer.
Some questions allow more than one answer.
Some questions also appear in the student study guide and are referenced as such.
Some questions also centre on the candidates attitudes and possible biases towards minority groups.
Some questions also focus on student services.
Some questions appear on the site with several different sets of answers.
Some questions apply only to visits longer than six months.
Some questions apply to more than one body system.
Some questions apply to more than one topic, and have been duplicated under more than one heading.
Some questions are a bit difficult to answer without a thesis, others want some rather banal trivia.
Some questions are about conditional probability.
Some questions are about the the legends, etc.
Some questions are appropriate only for older children.
Some questions are basic chemistry questions.
Some questions are broad in scope.
Some questions are case histories while others use images.
Some questions are common concerns asked repeatedly.
Some questions are difficult to study quantitatively, for a variety of reasons.
Some questions are difficult.
Some questions are easier than others.
Some questions are easier to answer through the web than others.
Some questions are easier to ask than to answer.
Some questions are easier to handle than others.
Some questions are easy and some are hard.
Some questions are easy to answer and require only logic and common sense.
Some questions are edited for brevity.
Some questions are factual questions that stand on their own.
Some questions are factual, and some are interpretive.
Some questions are fairly easy to answer, others are quite tough.
Some questions are fill in the blank and some are short answer.
Some questions are for statistical data to be included in the project's final report.
Some questions are givens.
Some questions are good for getting kids to observe more closely, others invite action.
Some questions are inappropriate to ask any candidate.
Some questions are intentionally more difficult.
Some questions are just as entertaining as the answers.
Some questions are just mind babble.
Some questions are just too embarrasing to ask.
Some questions are just too embarrassing to ask.
Some questions are logically nonsensical because the querent thinks they know more than they do.
Some questions are long and complicated.
Some questions are more difficult than others and are worth more points.
Some questions are more difficult than others, and some have twists, or require careful reading.
Some questions are more difficult, or require more online reading, to answer than others do.
Some questions are more serious.
Some questions are multiple choice and some are short answer types.
Some questions are multiple choice.
Some questions are new.
Some questions are obviously from people like that.
Some questions are of a mature content.
Some questions are of a personal nature.
Some questions are picky or difficult.
Some questions are redundant.
Some questions are relatively straight-forward.
Some questions are reverse-scored.
Some questions are rules-related .
Some questions are similar to questions on the adult survey.
Some questions are similar to textbook exercises, whereas others involve new situations.
Some questions are simple, and some are deeper for the more advanced student.
Some questions are simply beyond the parameters of science.
Some questions are single answer and can be typed directly on the spreadsheet below the data set.
Some questions are so complex that they require significant interaction with library staff.
Some questions are species specific.
Some questions are specific for individual scholarships.
Some questions are specific.
Some questions are still more complex, requiring combinations of regression and time series methods.
Some questions are still unanswered.
Some questions are still unresolved.
Some questions are straightforward, supplying proofs of lemmas used in the text.
Some questions are straightforward.
Some questions are technical, some are statistical and some are simply product tracking requests.
Some questions are to be answered individually while other questions require a team approach.
Some questions are to clarify statements made by the instructor.
Some questions are too big.
Some questions are too picky or difficult.
Some questions are too picky.
Some questions are totally unconnected with the subject at hand.
Some questions are traps.
Some questions are trivial.
Some questions are truly unanswerable.
Some questions are unanswerable, and some answers are questionable.
Some questions are value- neutral.
Some questions are value-neutral.
Some questions are verboten during an interview.
Some questions are very basic and are already listed by another guy.
Some questions are very broad.
Some questions are virtually unanswerable.
Some questions are yet to be answered.
Some questions arise from a lack of detail.
Some questions arise spontaneously and lead to some controversial answers.
Some questions arise.
Some questions ask for a location of long description or a printed narrative of an audio file.
Some questions ask for discussions about family members or personal experiences.
Some questions ask more about relationships or implications.
Some questions ask students to edit a writing sample.
Some questions call for short answers or outlines.
Some questions call for short answers.
Some questions call for summarization of information while others require more creative thinking.
Some questions can be quite fun to answer.
Some questions can be thought provoking, others can be direct and even humorous and obvious.
Some questions come back over and over again.
Some questions come from out of state.
Some questions come to mind concerning such a grail screen.
Some questions come to mind.
Some questions come up a lot.
Some questions come up many times during the developing years of childhood.
Some questions come up often.
Some questions come up time and time again in alt.backrubs .
Some questions concentrate on the unique ecosystem of South Florida.
Some questions concern the definitions of terminology.
Some questions consist of two parts.
Some questions count double.
Some questions cover the work performed in the lab.
Some questions crop up regularly.
Some questions deal with general scientific principles or processes.
Some questions deal with specific water problems in a legislator's district.
Some questions deal with the TONE of the passage.
Some questions depend on library or service use, and when use is low there are few responses.
Some questions do ask that.
Some questions do have simple answers.
Some questions don t have question marks.
Some questions employ illustrations and real time animation.
Some questions employ illustrations and real-time animation.
Some questions evidence a bias on certain issues.
Some questions exist, but more are needed.
Some questions focus additionally on standards identified for preceding grade levels.
Some questions focus on freeware, deployment, wizards, and procedures.
Some questions focus on process flows.
Some questions follow the checklist to provoke discussion.
Some questions gather information.
Some questions generate debate, but most are too specific to encourage broad participation.
Some questions generate more responses than others.
Some questions go beyond information to tap deeper themes.
Some questions have additional exhibits to give further information about the question .
Some questions have additional exhibits to give further information about the question.
Some questions have answers that are difficult to find.
Some questions have answers.
Some questions have more than one answer.
Some questions have more than one correct answer.
Some questions have more than one correct response.
Some questions have more than one part.
Some questions have more than one right answer.
Some questions have more to do with placement within the program than acceptance.
Some questions have no answer.
Some questions have no answers yet.
Some questions have no answers.
Some questions have no earthly answers.
Some questions have no easy answers.
Some questions have no right or wrong answer, but are a matter of opinion.
Some questions have parts while others ask a single question that requires an integrated response.
Some questions have several possible answers after a few words have been read.
Some questions have several possible answers.
Some questions have to be asked before selection of the method.
Some questions inevitably arise here.
Some questions inevitably arise.
Some questions involve concepts that are difficult for many people to understand.
Some questions jump out.
Some questions just have no answers.
Some questions just raise incoherently.
Some questions just require factual recall, others demand judgements to be made on given facts.
Some questions just seem to come up over and over again.
Some questions lend themselves better to quantitative inquiry.
Some questions lend themselves more readily to theses.
Some questions looks like product placement and advertising.
Some questions lose the focus of the lesson.
Some questions make sense.
Some questions measure job specific knowledge or education.
Some questions never go out of style.
Some questions obviously arise here.
Some questions only require the use of three parts.
Some questions please.
Some questions provide links for resource information.
Some questions really do have only yes, no or a number as responses.
Some questions really have no answer - others have several possible answers.
Some questions refer to specific texts, but most have a general and wide-ranging application.
Some questions reflect different circumstances, e.g. rates instead of council tax.
Some questions regarding liability are still to be finalized.
Some questions relate principally to our students.
Some questions relate to material delivered during the lecture.
Some questions remain about the format.
Some questions remain about the species-rich beetles.
Some questions remain about the usefulness and safety of using growth hormone in kidney patients.
Some questions remain better unanswered.
Some questions remain on the confined aquifers.
Some questions remain on the program side.
Some questions remain over the number of recharging cycles that the batteries can provide.
Some questions remain regarding the implementation of the strategy.
Some questions remain unanswered though.
Some questions remain unanswered.
Some questions remain without answers after serious researches.
Some questions remain, of course.
Some questions remain.
Some questions require a student to draw inferences from the information provided.
Some questions require arithmetic computation.
Some questions require clarification or more information.
Some questions require considerable research.
Some questions require extra research.
Some questions require judgments that have more than one right answer.
Some questions require just simple recall and memorization.
Some questions require keyboarding.
Some questions require more information than an e-mail can provide.
Some questions require more research than staff is able to provide over the telephone.
Some questions require more than one choice.
Some questions require more than one of the abilities.
Some questions require more than one word answers.
Some questions require more time and research than others.
Some questions require research or consultation.
Some questions require rewording or combining sentences.
Some questions require short answers about the structures.
Some questions require some research.
Some questions require specific data sets to analyze.
Some questions require students to move beyond recall.
Some questions require students to recognize the correct application of facts and principles.
Some questions require students to understand factual information.
Some questions require the student to apply what is learned from the lecture.
Some questions require the student to apply what is learned from the readings.
Some questions require the user to determine the answer by referring to a diagram.
Some questions require use of formulas or a ruler.
Some questions require using arithmetic to compute the correct amount of assistance.
Some questions seek information on community changes and atmosphere.
Some questions seem to be asked each year by parents and students new to alternative education.
Some questions seem to be asked over and over.
Some questions seem to come up again and again.
Some questions sound familiar.
Some questions sounds very personal.
Some questions specify that only one box is to be checked.
Some questions still remain to be answered.
Some questions still remain.
Some questions target specific views and arguments, suggesting rather specific answers.
Some questions test for a knowledge of grammar, usage, punctuation, and sentence structure.
Some questions test for the ability to organize paragraphs logically and comprehensibly.
Some questions test for the ability to present information clearly and accurately.
Some questions use graphics or audio files.
Some questions use scenarios.
Questionable alternatives are groundless and lack a scientifically plausible rationale.
Any questionable assignment is disallowed.
Questionable behavior is Silicon Valley's next big thing.
Questionable calls are sure to arise in every match.
Questionable claims can be a family enterprise.
Questionable conduct occurs on a regular basis.
Questionable contacts occur in both the plaintiff and defense arenas.
Questionable data are also behind the low proposed payment rate for HOPD procedures.
Any questionable data is presented on-screen for operator verification.
Questionable doctors can still cross state borders, though with less impunity than before.
Any questionable hours is subjected to a group vote and discretion of the advisor.
Questionable ideology is thereby more likely to be contained.
Any questionable incident is reported to police.
Questionable law is used to scare the Internet providers into closing down Norwegian home pages.
All questionable letters are above the line.
Questionable orders are to be validated with the physician by the nurse caring for the patient.
Some questionable organizations use names that are similar to well- known national organizations.
Questionable policies can only develop in an information vacuum.
Questionable products are all over the place, particularly for weight loss.
Questionable products play with people's hopes, fears and pocketbooks.
Questionable schemes cost the taxpayers millions.
Any questionable seedlings have the flowers removed and they are evaluated after the second bloom.
Questionable things are in our water supply.
Questionable words are in brackets.
Questionable words Learn how many questionable words are in the document.
A questioner is a speaker
Questioner misheard the informant.
Questioners can remain anonymous if they choose.
Questioners fire away.
Questioners soon lose their jobs, although there is always some other reason cited.
Questioners usually look perplexed and then start talking about kilowatts.
Many questioners confuse perpetual motion with perpetual motion machines .
Questioning period is included.
Questioning are requests.
A questionnaire is a form
Questionnaire isa document.
Questionnaires are also available on adoption days.
Questionnaires are also available.
Questionnaires are always a good idea.
Questionnaires are appropriate.
Questionnaires are available from the authors on request.
Questionnaires are available from the jury clerk approximately two weeks before trial.
Questionnaires are comprehensive.
Questionnaires are custom designed using a set of advanced survey designed tools.
Questionnaires are documents.
Questionnaires are forms.
Questionnaires are free.
Questionnaires are helpful, but for key partners, personal contact is preferred.
Questionnaires are in Excel format.
Questionnaires are in the mail.
Questionnaires are key to the recruiting process.
Questionnaires are most common method.
Questionnaires are online.
Questionnaires are short and non-threatening.
Questionnaires are survey instruments designed to collect the opinions of a specific audience.
Questionnaires are the most common marketing research method.
Questionnaires are useful, efficient, and inexpensive ways to collect profile information.
Questionnaires are usually a more expensive form of data gathering than interveiws are.
Questionnaires can be an effective way of conducting a survey.
Questionnaires can serve similar purposes.
Questionnaires can suggest topic areas to parents or can ask parents to recommend areas of interest.
Questionnaires can take considerable time to distribute, process, analyze, and report.
Questionnaires completed by patients offer additional feedback.
Questionnaires contain the items for which information is collected during the enumeration.
Questionnaires cover information.
Questionnaires evaluate service and learning outcomes.
Questionnaires feature with unlimited questionnaires and unlimited questions.
Questionnaires fit actual courses.
Questionnaires focus on overall health and quality of life.
Questionnaires give results online.
Questionnaires keep the children's minds occupied and make the trip both enjoyable and educational.
Questionnaires provide insight.
Questionnaires relating to postgraduate teaching and the year abroad are at present being prepared.
Questionnaires seek explicit information which can be analyzed and trended over time.
Questionnaires often appear to be simple.
Questionnaires usually ask respondents for comments.
All questionnaires are available in both English and Spanish.
All questionnaires contain the specific instructions necessary for completion.
Many questionnaires assess client satisfaction related to medical or health care.
Many questionnaires fail to address the specific concerns of individual teachers.
Most questionnaires cover information.
Most questionnaires provide insight.
Some questionnaires have more than one page.
Questions book thank, most account practice wagering, sports casino.
A quetzal is a trogon
Quetzals also feed on arboreal snails, insects, and small frogs and lizards. .
Quetzals are abundant.
Quetzals are altitudinal migrants.
Quetzals are birds.
Quetzals are most vocal during calm cloudy dawns, and misty afternoons.
Quetzals are present, but are surprisingly difficult to spot.
Quetzals are shy, quiet birds except during courtship.
Quetzals are solitary birds that are poor flyers.
Quetzals are trogons.
Quetzals are usually very quiet and shy.
Quetzals eat mostly fruit, but also eat worms, frogs , insects , larvae, and snails .
Quetzals eat mostly fruit, but also eat worms, frogs, insects, larvae, and snails.
Quetzals inhabit the cloud forests of Middle America, migrating to lower elevations seasonally.
Quetzals nest in holes, and lay from two to four eggs per clutch.
Quetzals nest in rotting trees.
All quetzals have feathers.
All quetzals have four legs.
Queue processing is serial in nature.
Queue tab shows files lined up for download.
Queue time can be variable as a function of work load.
A queue is a line
Queue isa formation.
Queues also have a minimum limit on the number of cpus.
Queues are a necessary investment.
Queues are a part of life.
Queues are a place for one process to put data in and another process to take data from.
Queues are about sharing what is available.
Queues are available to store items that are waiting to be processed.
Queues are braids.
Queues are human activities.
Queues are just what they sound like - waiting lines for access to the printer.
Queues are lines of customers waiting their turns.
Queues are lines.
Queues are lists.
Queues are long, so go last thing in the evening when the city empties out.
Queues are shorter in Spain at lunchtime.
Queues are still long at shops and petrol stations.
Queues are too long, and patients are leaving.
Queues are useful for many simulations, and are also used for some operations on graphs and trees.
Queues can be generic, batch, execution, or output queues.
Queues can get very long here especially at the weekend so try to get there a little earlier.
Queues can have finite buffers.
Queues fill during periods of congestion.
Queues guarantee reliable transfer of messages as well as separation of the service and the client.
Queues have capacities.
Queues have two status properties which control their usability.
Queues hold messages in transit or while the receiving applications are unavailable.
Queues insure the fair use of computer resources.
Queues play a major role in A. postfix calculation.
Queues provide access to disapprove a document for changes before posting to the account.
Queues reside in, and are managed by, a queue manager.
Queues retain all messages sent until such time as the messages are consumed or expire.
Queues stretch for miles, causing traffic jams and fights.
All queues accept jobs at any time.
All queues exist on both machines.
Every queue gets a priority assigned.
Most queues are cyclical, in that they exhibit clear daily, weekly or seasonal patterns.
Some queues are available to anyone who submits a job.
More Queued components require the ability to create a public queue.
Queued procedures are members of carrier procedure definitions.
Queuing systems approach to solve a capacity planning problem.
A quibble is equivocation
Quibbles fall into the small change category.
A quiche is a tart
Quiches are food.
Quiches freeze well before baking.
All quiches are homemade and served with fresh fruit and a homemade muffin.
Quick access is available to the following services.
Quick access is built in because the rear cowl tilts back as the rod is removed.
Quick action can be crucial to the success of many of the available options.
Quick action can help restore what has been poisoned and burned.
Quick action can keep the release from spreading and drastically reduce response costs.
Quick action can mean avoiding an overnight stay in the hospital, or worse.
Quick action can mean the difference between life and death.
Quick action can minimize damage.
Quick action can often restore a heartbeat and breathing.
Quick action can prevent a fire from spreading to the surrounding area.
Quick action can still save the victim's life.
Quick action is also important if a protective order or restraining order is needed in the case.
Quick action is demanded, but too many possible changes loom on the horizon.
Quick action is essential.
Quick action is important so that all evidence be preserved for law enforcement officials.
Quick action is important that all evidence be preserved for law enforcement officials.
Quick action is needed to assist our growers.
Quick action is needed to ensure that appropriate housekeeping and hygiene methods are instituted.
Quick action is required because they are quite capable of eating all the foliage within a week.
Quick action is required to prevent data loss.
Quick action is very important and careful administration of medications is required.
Quick action pays off.
Quick action reinforces importance of meeting and reduces error of memory.
Quick action reinforces importance of meeting and reduces errors of memory.
Quick action reinforces the importance of meeting and reduces error of memory.
Quick action reinforces the importance of the meeting.
Quick action saves lives.
Some quick actions are necessary to enthuse their faith.
Quick advancement is always available for the young aggressive entrepreneur.
Quick advancement is available due to rapid expansion.
Quick advice is available.
Quick analysis determines that a one-legged table is a practical table.
Quick analysis shows the noise of the amplifier is something like five electrons or so.
Quick answers are unlikely.
Quick Answers Try our new FAQ list.
Quick assembly requires no tools.
Quick assets are cash, short-term investments, and account receivables.
Quick assets are current assets less inventory.
Quick assets are current assets minus inventory.
Quick assets are highly liquid, immediately convertible to cash.
Quick associations eliminate the ability to consciously manipulate the test.
Quick attack pays off.
Quick back helps Cats discover running game .
Quick Books can be a real time and money saver for the small business owner or manager.
Quick Books Pro. Have experience and or knowledge in the field.
Quick bread comes in all sizes, shapes and flavors.
Quick bread is bread
Quick bread is bread.
Quick breads are easy to whip up and they keep well for a few days.
Quick breads are very easy to make.
Quick breads solve the dilemma.
Quick breads store for shorter periods because of the added fruits and nuts.
Quick breaks means more games to play.
Quick buckles hold securely, open easilly with one hand.
Quick burial is most likely to happen in body of water.
Quick calculations indicate that the temperature effect on the dimensions of the ball is minimal.
Quick cams allow users to capture video images and engage in live video conferencing.
Quick Category Searches right from main screen telephone book.
Quick change blevins style buckles.
Quick changes make for large derivative values.
Quick chargers recharge in three to five hours.
Quick Checkout Give returning customers a fast path though the checkout line.
Quick checkout is available for returning visitors.
Quick checkout is just the tip of the iceberg in computer automation.
Quick cleanup fixes it.
Quick collaboration is the key in emergency response situations.
Quick communication saves time.
Quick Consultant tackles the issue of staff awareness in a new and original way.
Quick conversion is a metric to standard program.
Quick cooking rolled oats are small to medium, very thin flakes of reasonably uniform size.
Quick copy utilizes three different copiers to meet coyping demands.
Quick couplers set in wells allow tanks to be moved with animals.
Quick Coupons Find a fantastic selection of free printable coupons.
Quick crops germinate in five to seven days.
Quick cure is described.
Quick cure means that much less chance of resin falling through the crack and hitting the bulb.
Quick customer add facility in repairs database.
Quick decisions are often poor decisions.
Quick decisions are unsafe decisions.
Quick decisions base on information.
Quick Decisions EQ by far.
Quick delivery involves a local fulfillment system.
Quick delivery is another distinct advantage.
Quick delivery is assured.
Quick delivery is available.
Quick delivery is essential to success in international trade.
Quick delivery is no problem with our telephone equipped trucks.
Quick delivery is possible because of the concentrated formula.
Quick deposition is required.
Quick detection gives a better chance of eradication.
Quick detection is critical to preventing spread of the disease.
Quick diagnosis is available by double clicking on an event.
Quick disconnect is supplied with valve assembly for easy installation and removal.
Quick disconnects allow easy transfer of camera from vehicle to vehicle.
Quick disposal reduces long-term carrying costs, including taxes and maintenance.
Quick drainage is important but so is moisture retention.
Quick entry is essential and continuous upgrading.
Quick entry works great.
Quick expenditures cause premature burnout.
Quick facts are currently available for the topics listed below.
Quick Facts are little known trivia that are intended to stimulate curiosity about the Quest topic.
Quick Facts Get pertinent contact and company information at a glance.
Quick facts Know the law.
Quick Facts Meet the majestic horses and be charmed by their beauty and friendly temperaments.
Quick Facts Take a look at the origin of alcohol and guidelines for safe consumption.
Quick feedback is an aid to learning, and a mid period quiz provides very quick feedback.
Quick feedback is desirable b.
Quick feedback is essential for student writers.
Quick feedback is imperative.
Quick feedback is more effective than slow.
Quick field dressing of game is important.
Quick filter works like an equilizer on a stereo.
Quick fingers are essential to keep cars from crashing or flying off the track during turns.
Quick fingers make for sloppy typing.
Quick fire quizzes, rap-tastic prizes.
A quick fix is a repair
Quick fix is to try re-registering DTSPkg.dll first.
Quick fixes are never the answer.
Quick fixes are rare.
Quick fixes are sometimes okay.
Quick fixes are usually just that.
Quick fixes are usually temporary.
Quick fixes feed on themselves.
Quick fixes tend to last only until the next hole or the next round.
Quick fixes tend to take up much more time than most people account for.
All quick fixes require either increased premiums or substantial changes to benefits.
Quick Folders Create a new folder in three quick moves.
Quick footwork is the key here.
Quick forms are available below for faster searches.
Quick format erases the files on a previously formatted disk without checking the media.
Quick formats are even easier than full formats, and take less time.
Quick germ adds some preliminary wet milling technology to the dry grind process.
Quick Gifts are only a click away in the Blue Mountain Gift Center .
Quick glance shows only a few flexible cables in the way.
Quick grab allows faster use of composites assemblies.
Quick growth reduces the quality of a plant, requiring corrective measures later.
Quick hands is one thing.
Quick hardware means quick, reliable hosting with minimal problems.
Quick healing is the usual outcome.
Quick healing means achieving excellent vision more quickly than does slow healing.
Quick hip toss.
Quick identification is critical so contaminated foods can be removed from grocery stores.
Quick images are what is needed.
Quick industry reports.
Quick information is supplied to the brain by sight, sound, smell and taste.
Quick information sheets on a variety of career-related topics.
Quick installation causes no dirt or water spots.
Quick installation minimizes downtime and inconvenience.
Quick installation saves time and money.
Quick instructions Create one or several directories with Russian fonts.
Quick intervention can make all the difference in preventing or surviving a heart attack.
Quick intervention is called for.
Quick jump is useful when looking for events planned for months in advance of the current date.
Quick jumps are annoying and difficult to watch later.
Quick jumps can do the trick.
Quick keys allow for rapid access to patient information.
Quick kicks are illegal.
Quick learners can use extra homework time for special interest projects.
Quick lift releases doors for gentle closing.
Quick lime pulls water from plants, bacteria, fungi and any other living organism.
Quick Links are a good method of attaching toys to cages.
Quick links are also available.
Quick links are different in every category.
Quick links are on the far right column.
Quick links are the most common form of attaching toys.
Quick links Enter Trinity Website Use the links above to view specific areas of the Website.
Quick links Enter website Use the links above to view specific areas of the Website.
Quick Links Get current show visitor info.
Quick Links Go straight to the download and registration links.
Quick links menu to every area.
Quick Links receive high levels of repeat traffic.
Quick Links Select an Option .
Quick links Use the links above to view specific areas of the Website.
Quick lists provide an easy way to browse jobs by category.
Quick look puts the features in a hierarchy based on parent and child dependencies.
Quick lubes are part of the oil industry, which has a negative perception in many people's minds.
Quick lubrication garages Loading docks, and ramps, etc.
Quick math indicates over five decades of devotion to the dairy industry.
Some quick math is the best way to demonstrate the earning potential of scrip.
Some quick meals lack nutrients.
Quick Message Send a quick message to a colleague who is currently online.
Quick methods are therefore essential.
Quick missions allow pilots to jump into a scenario without the overhead of a campaign.
Quick money is the driving force behind the trade, Israeli police say.
Quick money is the worst reason to enter the infertility business.
Quick money runs out eventually.
Quick motions occur while holding the load.
Quick movement causes image distortion.
Quick movements are critical for staying balanced.
Quick movements are very unpleasant, and a long time in any one position becomes painful.
Quick movements can cause the router to jump or kick, which can ruin the laminate.
Quick movements stretch the neck muscles and tear ligaments and tendons around the spinal cord.
Quick notification can help protect facilities, equipment and research data.
Quick nuts are fool proof solution to the improper use of quick releases.
Quick oats are rolled flatter than old-fashioned, so they cook faster.
Quick oats are steel-cut into pieces then flattened by steel rollers.
Quick oddball scan using different tool, or same attacker using different options.
Quick options are available to remove the read receipt and blast the sender.
Quick Order Enter a whole or partial part number below to search.
Quick Order helps familiar customers order quickly and conveniently.
Quick order turn around.
Quick overview listing The first preselected menu is the quick resources overview.
Quick pace adjusting is often part of the job.
Quick pit stop, and back out again.
Quick pit stop.
Quick pit stops.
Some quick points highlight the benefits of the technology.
Quick Polls Vote in the current polls and find out what others are saying.
Quick possession is available.
Quick posting doubles the impact.
Quick printers can do hardcover single copies at low cost.
Quick printers can put it in their shops today.
Most quick printers can only print with disposable plates.
Quick printing is fast and less expensive, using the copy dot method to make plates.
Quick printing is no longer a 'second career' business.
Quick progress is vital for our success.
Quick prototypes are available.
Quick punts are illegal.
Quick query allows the selection of one or all countries.
Quick quotes are more likely to close the sale.
Quick race is exactly that.
Quick reactions are more important here.
Quick reactions enhance performance in every situation on the hill.
Quick recovery is only possible if the assessment scheme has low latency and it occurs in real-time.
Quick reference guides on how to use the Internet.
Quick reference guides to some of our cellular phones.
Quick references work well in accordion booklets.
All quick references compliment each other, and are also effective independently.
Quick refinement is a big deal.
Quick reflexes are no substitute, however, for experience and good judgment.
Quick reflexes can be good.
Quick refunds are really short-term loans.
Quick regeneration assists the ongoing production of oil.
Quick release buckles Expandable draw-string side pockets to hold sports shoes, football boots etc.
Quick release clamps for positive locking of hinged parts.
Quick release clamps.
Quick release ensures safety at all times in all boats and conditions.
Quick release locking levers securely lock the scooter open for use or closed for transport.
Quick release mounting bracket, it also floats.
Quick Release Tie Down Introducing our new rope-tensioning tie down.
Quick releases allow quick wheel changes even in competition.
Quick releases are on all wheels, the front folding tube, and the steering handles.
Quick releases have to be specific.
Quick repair keeps perpetrators from admiring their handiwork and duplicating it someplace else.
Quick resolution comes out of nowhere.
Quick resolution is needed.
Quick resolution limits the costs of court cases and minimizes long term costly outcomes.
Quick response Avoid all possibilities to misunderstandings at runtime.
Quick response beats long-term planning.
Quick response can be so important.
Quick response can save lives.
Quick response is a key element of our prototype assembly service.
Quick response is critical in cardiac arrest cases.
Quick response is critical to prevent further property damage.
Quick response is essential to increasing the survival rate from sudden cardiac arrest.
Quick response is key to preventing a wide scale famine.
Quick response is necessary.
Quick response is obtained without stressing the fiber.
Quick response is one of the hallmarks of our work.
Quick response is quaranted.
Quick response is required for complaints related to food borne illnesses.
Quick response is the key to increasing the survival rate from sudden cardiac arrest.
Quick response is the key.
Quick response spawns other advantages.
Quick response spells maximum results.
Quick responses are essential.
Quick responses can save lives.
Quick results are predictable, especially for beginners.
Quick results display all companies that meet the search criteria.
Quick Results Turn off delete confirmation.
Quick returns are no real surprise.
Quick sand is included.
Quick search covers their almanac, encyclopedia and dictionary.
Quick search has quick options for gender, age, location and photo personals only.
Quick search is a fast and easy way to search for stocks and mutual funds.
Quick search offers a simple keyword search utility.
Quick searches are available free of charge.
Quick searches is intended to provide a fast and easy way to search selected resources.
Quick sensations skip from vein to vein.
Quick service is available for licence issuing and ship surveying.
Quick service is available on all equipment coming through our doors.
Quick service is guaranteed.
Quick service means happy customers and increased profits.
Quick shipment is our specialty.
Quick shops are the place to buy tobacco.
Quick shortcuts can be misleading.
Quick shots give the other team more possessions and a chance to get back in the game.
Quick showers remove as much body scum as do long showers.
Quick snaps can trigger aggressive reactions.
Quick solutions are dangerous.
Quick solutions are often less effective in the long run.
Quick solutions offer brief resolutions.
Quick sort is an example of randomization and average case analysis.
Quick sort is one of the fastest sort algorithms.
Quick sort runs faster than heap sort in practice.
Quick starts guarantee little.
Quick starters aim for balance.
Quick strips work best bet.
Quick strips work well to attract the attention of the fish and entice a strike.
Quick stripper has wire cutter option.
Quick subway rides to the rest of Brooklyn, Queens and Manhattan.
Quick success disarms as much as defeat.
Quick succession is also evident in to the process of bending and stretching.
Quick techniques are risky and never offer long term benefits.
A quick temper is anger
Quick temper is an indication of a lack of men- tal and moral culture.
Quick text file open and edit capability.
Quick thawing increases the risk of food poisoning from bacteria.
Quick tips are pdf documents that provide information on a specific function.
Quick tips Avoid older DVD versions.
Quick tips Avoid the Internet.
Quick tips Dare to compare.
Quick tips Get any rate quotes in writing.
Quick tips Get trials.
Quick tips Keep it confidential.
Quick tips Keep it simple.
Quick tips Know how to quit.
Quick tips Let's do the time warp.
Quick tips Look for innovators.
Quick tips Make it scalable.
Quick tips Note the code.
Quick tips Read up before buying.
Quick tips Remember the basics.
Quick tips Think ahead.
Quick Tips Try to customize .
Every quick tip provides a real plan or process to become more effective in a given discipline.
Quick tour Take time out for a quick tour.
Quick treatment can stop the disease from becoming severe.
Quick treatment is vital to recovery.
Quick treatment offers the best chance to save the patient's hearing.
Quick turn is our specialty.
Quick turns are essential to a good race.
Quick turns are routine.
Quick turnaround equals quick results.
Quick turnaround is another benefit of the Silver Package.
Quick turnaround is available.
Quick turnaround is demanded by customers in our markets.
Quick turnaround is never a problem.
Quick turnaround is our speciality.
Quick turnaround is promised.
Quick turnaround is usually possible.
Quick turnaround matters most, so digitals win out, hands down.
Quick turnarounds are our specialty.
Quick turning requires bursts of power from the legs, hips and upper extremities.
Quick version Use a parer to shave peels from a carrot.
Quick way is to use their wizards or templates.
Quick wealth is usually suspect.
Quick weight lost is quick weight regained.
Quick wins are what gets the concepts takjen on board.
Quick work is made to get the house fully ready and advertising it beings.
Quicker traffic means more efficient trade.
Quickie questions are still free.
Quickie questions cover math, vocabulary, geography and general knowledge.
A quickie is a repair
Quickies are activities that can typically be done on the spot, requiring few or no materials.
Quickies readily satisfy the urge.
Quickish solution is just to grab one of the archive files.
QuickPoint feature jumps cursor to default button in dialog boxes.
A quicksand is a situation
Quicksand can be very slow and boxing rings are square.
Quicksand can work slowly, boxing rings are square, a Guinea pig is neither a pig nor from Guinea.
Quicksand Includes biography, discography, and message board.
Quicksand is another non-Newtonian fluid.
Quicksand is found most anywhere water and sand mix every day.
Quicksand is in the area.
Quicksand is nothing more than sand particles supported by water rather than other sand particles.
Quicksand is very dangerous on the island.
Quicksand is very fine sand mixed with loamy materials, which retains a large quantity of water.
Quicksand isa condition.
Quicksands are pits.
Quicksands are situations.
Some quicksands have behavior.
Quicksilver service is available at all U.S. location during all hours of operation.
Quicksilver strength marks the angular choreography of the minister of war.
QuickTime animation allows for looping control.
Quicktime files are computer files.
Quicktime files are the most widely available form of video on the Internet.
Quicktime files can include text, sound, and video.
Quicktime files combine sound, text, animation, and video in a single file.
Quicktime files tend to be slightly better quality and somewhat smaller in file size.
Quicktime files tend to be very large, and often take several minutes to download.
Quicktime movies are also available.
Quicktime movies can be many different types of movies.
Quicktime movies can run like any video or film presentation complete with sound and titles.
Quicktime movies can take a while to download.
Quicktime movies can use up a lot of disk memory.
Quicktime movies enables multiple use of animation.
Quicktime movies illustrate some multistep operations.
Quicktime movies is also available.
Quicktime movies play a midi version of the tunes.
Quicktime movies play without quicktime installed.
Quicktime panoramas are often smoother and can include sound and other features.
Quicktime player is installed on the machine.
Quicktime software is required to view the video.
Quicktime support is still under development.
QuickTime versions are available here .
QuickTime versions are available on-line.
Quicktime viewers are available for all computers and makes it the best way to share our files.
Quicktime viewers can function either as browser plugins or stand-alone applications.
Quickturn pieces get their own row.
A quid is a bite
Quid is an interrogative pronoun meaning what .
Quid strictly speaking is the object.
Quids are a dime a dozen.
Quidnunc employees have high expectations of themselves and of each other.
Quidnunc strategists can serve various roles during an engagement.
Quiescent center is found near center of apical meristem.
Most quiescent data are consistent with a luminous stellar source powered by thermonuclear burning.
Quiescent plasmas are cold and weakly ionized.
Quiescent plasmas are still widely used for basic plasma research in the laboratory.
Quiescent prominences are the target otherwise.
Quiet area overlooks stream.
Quiet areas abound.
Quiet areas are available for individual study, research, or leisure reading.
Quiet areas are available for reading or studying.
Quiet areas are available.
Quiet bands allow weaker signals to come through more clearly, as there is less noise to interfere.
Quiet breathing goes unperceived.
Quiet calls are made while feeding to keep contact with others in their social group .
Quiet calls are made while feeding to keep contact with others in their social group.
Quiet changes pay off for No.
Quiet compressor helps reduce noise.
Quiet conduct is encouraged.
Quiet consummation have, And renowned be thy grave.
Quiet contemplation can temper the fire' and heighten the intuition.
Quiet contemplation is available in any of the garden areas or the small meditation chapel.
Quiet contemplation is encouraged with rest areas to sit and admire the true beauty of the area.
Quiet contemplation is the best speed.
Quiet conversation is always available by the fireplace in the cozy gathering room.
Quiet conversation is encouraged.
Quiet conversation is permitted in the main library area.
Quiet conversations are appropriate.
Quiet conversations begin around the deck.
Quiet corners are available for one on one conversation.
Quiet corners drenched in cool are designs for distant worlds.
Quiet country retreat with creek, trees and wildlife.
Quiet darkness is soft.
Quiet desperation is the English way.
Quiet diplomacy is always more conducive to progress than diplomacy on the stage.
Quiet diplomacy is seen as weakness.
Quiet diplomacy seems to work well in helping to improve human rights practices.
Quiet enthusiasm radiates eagerness to become part of the team.
Quiet expiration is primarily passive.
Quiet family run site in area of outstanding natural beauty.
Quiet family run site.
Quiet farmstead stay.
Quiet games are helpful when weather prohibits outdoor activities.
Quiet hours are also in effect in all buildings.
Quiet hours are always observed here, so residents are sure to be able to get some work done.
Quiet hours are from sundown to sunrise.
Quiet hours are in effect for all floors seven days a week.
Quiet hours are in effect in all halls.
Quiet hours are in effect to support an atmosphere conducive to studying.
Quiet hours are necessary and other staff regulations are enforced.
Quiet hours are still in effect.
Quiet hours exist in all complexes.
Quiet hours facilitate study and allow for sleep.
Quiet interludes are times for quiet self-preparation, prayer, and meditation.
Quiet lane offers privacy.
Quiet men can learn to take time to process their thoughts.
Quiet markets tend to be down or sideways days.
Quiet meditation is near bliss.
Quiet minutes pass.
Quiet mode suppresses all screen output.
Quiet moments are dangerous times in a person's life.
Quiet moments bring depth to life.
Quiet moments bring special memories.
Quiet moments can change to louder, heart-racing levels to enhance dramatic effects.
Quiet music begins to emanate from the stage.
Quiet music is played for easy relaxation.
Quiet music plays in the background.
Quiet neighborhood insures a high quality of living.
Quiet observation is the rule.
Quiet observers can glimpse deer and pheasants that live in the area.
Quiet ones get belligerent.
Quiet operation fits in a front office environment.
Quiet operation is assured.
Quiet operation is compatible with a front office environment.
Quiet operation is provided by the fan and motor combination.
Quiet pasturelands give testimony to the importance of the county's livestock industry.
Quiet people are well able to look after themselves.
Quiet people become quieter, loners become more isolated.
Quiet people do.
Quiet perseverance brings good fortune.
Quiet personalities can get their word in.
Quiet pets welcome, backyard.
Quiet pets welcome.
Quiet places are the best.
Quiet playrooms give siblings a place to unwind.
Quiet Pleasures Find helpful techniques.
Quiet prayer provides the nourishment and the bonding and the security which a parent provides.
Quiet reading is next.
Quiet reflection feeds the soul.
Quiet reflection is the order of the day.
Quiet rest is recommended the day of surgery.
Quiet rooms are available for family use.
Quiet serenity abounds.
Quiet setting overlooks Campbell Lake.
Quiet shadows come gliding in.
Quiet sounds are essential for quality sleep.
Quiet space is available for personal reflection or retreat.
Quiet spots are plentiful, beautiful and appropriate.
Quiet streets afford easy walking, jogging, biking, or roller blading.
Quiet streets are heavily tree-lines, so every season is a tribute to Morton.
Quiet streets lead from immaculate porches to well-appointed clubhouses.
Quiet strength becomes annoying passivity.
Quiet study is okay and encouraged.
Quiet study is requested.
Quiet sunshine transforms the earth.
Quiet surrender is for later.
Quiet tension fills the arena.
Quiet time flows in the valley after the bustle of summer.
Quiet time is available for reading, coloring, puzzles, and homework.
Quiet time is every morning until noon.
Quiet time is good for the soul.
Quiet time is good.
Quiet time is just as important.
Quiet time is playtime to many people.
Quiet time is provided for homework and reading.
Quiet time is scheduled.
Quiet time lasts for several hours each day after lunch.
Quiet time persists.
Quiet time proves to be imaginative and enlightening.
Quiet times are dry and infrequent.
Quiet times come drifting by Changing songs to lullabies.
Quiet times restore a sense of balance for most everyone.
Quiet visitors are likely to catch glimpses of moose, black bear, and fox along the banks.
Quiet voices have little chance.
Quiet volunteers are often the unsung heroes of congregations.
Quiet walks lead to Beaver Lake and the lookout across the city.
Quiet walkers can spot deer, grouse, and turkey hiding among the rocks and trees.
Quiet walkways dot the park, allowing one to simply get away from the hustle of daily life.
Quiet water gives way to exhilarating rapids.
Any quiet water is a potential place for mosquitoes to lay eggs.
Quiet wetlands belie a teeming diversity of life.
Quiet words can speak loudly.
Quiet zones are spaces preceding the start character and following the stop character.
Quiet zones are spaces preceding the start pattern and following the stop pattern.
Quiet zones range from simple to complex, and can involve space as well as time.
Quiet is a property
Quiet is located in churchs.
Quiet is located in libraries.
Quiets is pen on paper.
Quiets proletariat of availer on prolific increasing likely crank.
Quiets worry and brings out practicality.
QuikTrip customers deserve and expect the best.
QuikTrip management is deeply committed to helping every one of our exceptional employees succeed.
QuikTrip stores provide such a place.
Quill removal is much less painful when done with a rapid motion.
A quill is a pen
Quill isa pen.
Quills acts both as an intriguing story and an allegory about art.
Quills are available for some wheels still and are used in place of the flyer assembly.
Quills are feathers.
Quills are films.
Quills are located in ink.
Quills are longest on the rump and shortest on the cheeks.
Quills are made of modified hairs with a coat of keratin.
Quills are modified hairs that have hollow shafts with solid tips and bases.
Quills are modified hairs with hollow, spongy centers.
Quills are off-white and black and are made out of keratin.
Quills are painful and difficult to remove from the flesh of an afflicted house pet.
Quills are part of feathers.
Quills are part of hedgehogs.
Quills are part of porcupines.
Quills are pens.
Quills are really modified hairs.
Quills are ribs.
Quills are sharp hollow hairs that are used as a defense.
Quills are soft at birth, but harden soon after to protect the young porcupines from predators.
Quills are spines.
Quills are used for calligraphy.
Quills are used for writes.
Quills are used for writing.
Quills can still penetrate animals and humans even after death .
Quills can still penetrate animals and humans even after death.
Quills cover body .
Quills cover the body, except on the legs and belly.
Quills creates an enticing, seamy and frantic story about the extremes of human behavior.
Quills definitely has a message.
Quills deserves the highest awards.
Quills grow in varying lengths and colors, depending on the animal's age and species.
Quills has a difficult task - one at which it succeeds.
Quills have (part) nibs.
Quills have (part) sections.
Quills have barbs on one end.
Quills have properties.
Quills have tips.
Quills have very tiny one-way barbs along the shaft of the quill.
Quills have yellowish to white bases and are dark at the tips.
Quills includes violence, protracted nudity, and blunt sexual dialogue.
Quills is a biography by design, though it certainly has no qualms about fiddling with the details.
Quills is a brilliant, adult movie.
Quills is a fabulous film, disturbing as it is.
Quills is a liberal movie that critiques a compliance with the forces of repression and censorship.
Quills is a look at the way cruelty plays out in many relationships.
Quills is an insightful examination of humanity.
Quills is comparatively tame.
Quills is filled with a tremendous amount of dry humor.
Quills is melodramatic claptrap.
Quills is presented in widescreen anamorphic.
Quills is vitalized by terrific acting.
Quills looks like Oscar material.
Quills makes the cut.
Quills pierce flesh.
Quills pierce pig flesh.
Quills present some dangers to porcupines.
Most quills have properties.
Most quills have tips.
Some quills cause problems.
Some quills come from geese.
Some quills come in contact.
Some quills contribute to death.
Quilled mums have long, narrow petals that resemble quills.
Quilt animal shapes directly across from the plaid squares.
Many quilt blocks change appearance when set next to each other in a full size quilt.
Some quilt blocks are just one piece, or almost one piece.
Quilt tickets are available now.
A quilt is a bedding
Quilt isa bedclothes.
Quilts also go to school.
Quilts also look lovely draped over a couch or chair, or on the open doors of a cabinet.
Quilts are a celebration of the personal lives and emotions of the quilter.
Quilts are a form of art where cloth and batting are held together with stitches.
Quilts are a form of writing, too.
Quilts are a labor of love.
Quilts are a personal statement.
Quilts are a specialty in some shops.
Quilts are a symbol of tradition, love and home.
Quilts are a wonderful way to celebrate a marriage.
Quilts are an example of the global market.
Quilts are an important part of the museum's exhibit.
Quilts are blankets.
Quilts are examples of one of the ways women expressed their opinions and voiced their concerns.
Quilts are full of stories which generate wonder and curiosity.
Quilts are history in the making.
Quilts are in Vogue.
Quilts are like friends - a great source of comfort.
Quilts are like hanging history.
Quilts are located in trunks.
Quilts are machine washable and comfy cozy.
Quilts are material records of women s stories.
Quilts are more than just bed linens.
Quilts are often popular in Saskatchewan communities.
Quilts are our mosaics . . .
Quilts are ready-made and available in all sizes.
Quilts are something people use instead of blankets to keep warm.
Quilts are textiles.
Quilts are the best gifts.
Quilts are the symbol of tradition and love.
Quilts are the way our lives are lived . . .
Quilts are the woven fabric of history, of people lost and people remembered.
Quilts are to be 'other than traditional' in nature.
Quilts are today's hottest decorating media.
Quilts are versatile.
Quilts await in bed and breakfasts and Amish homes.
Quilts can be functional or decorative, or somewhere in between.
Quilts can be many different colors and patterns.
Quilts can help the loneliness of a hospital night.
Quilts can look either modern or traditional, masculine or feminine.
Quilts can take representational or non-objective form.
Quilts can wrap the body and wrap the soul.
Quilts cover the queen or king-size beds and decorate the walls.
Quilts decorate the walls of the base facility and add a homey touch to residents beds.
Quilts differ in color choices, designs and innovative techniques.
Quilts embody the same community values.
Quilts enable women to voice their political view in a time when they had no political voice.
Quilts fill a meat case and model train parts line one of the shelves.
Quilts follow certain patterns, such as wedding rings, blocks, and circles.
Quilts hanging in the background are for sale.
Quilts hanging over the side of the swing and a stand add a homey touch.
Quilts have (part) sections.
Quilts have a practical application as an energy saving device.
Quilts have an aesthetic immediacy that draws in the viewer.
Quilts have cotton.
Quilts have only one use.
Quilts have to 'breath' to remain pretty after being stored.
Quilts help people to keep warm both physically and spiritually, the poets seem to say.
Quilts lift and tuck into place with a special patented hanging system.
Quilts look charming hung over a quilt rack in a master or guest bedroom.
Quilts Look hear for quilt related products.
Quilts love to show off their colors and patterns.
Quilts made in blue and white become common.
Quilts make a great gift.
Quilts make great gifts.
Quilts Making quilt blocks is an excellent way to explore symmetry.
Quilts range from miniature to giant-size heirloom pieces.
Quilts Read to share others tips and experience with making quilts, with an economical twist.
Quilts really are art and revered.
Quilts reflect our lives and have for centuries.
Quilts reflect the personality of the quilter.
Quilts remain an American tradition today.
Quilts represent one of the most highly evolved systems of writing in the New World.
Quilts represent warmth and comfort, as well as bedcovers for the ill.
Quilts serve as a bold focal point when hung on the wall.
Quilts serve in other ways as documents of family history.
Quilts tell stories.
Quilts therefore are functional devices for a comfortable rest.
Quilts vary in their construction, materials used, age, and degree of use.
All quilts are different.
All quilts are in excellent condition unless otherwise noted.
All quilts are machine washable.
All quilts are old.
All quilts come from stores.
All quilts follow the same general method as that of making the patchwork or crazy quilt.
All quilts have a life history and a life cycle.
All quilts use rotary cutting techniques.
Every quilt comes with free quilt care guide.
Every quilt is completely different.
Every quilt is unique.
Every quilt tells a story.
Most quilts are available hand quilted or tied, in a wide range of sizes.
Most quilts are truly mathematical.
Most quilts have cotton.
Most quilts look good, no matter how simple.
Most quilts seem to be made up of square pieces, some are rectangular.
Most quilts take hundreds and hundreds of hours from conception to completion.
Some quilts are for sale.
Some quilts are like that.
Some quilts catch attention.
Some quilts contain squares made by women and men in memory of the child they aborted.
Some quilts take more time than others.
Quilted design folds back easily while allowing unrestricted air flow.
Quilted garments evoke a feeling of heaviness, of warm coats or robes, and of blankets.
Quilted hearts protect electrical outlets.
Quilted jackets are ideal outerwear, and look as hip as what mom is wearing.
Quilted maple is much rarer, and therefore, more expensive.
Quilted samples are available.
Quilted silk is used.
Some quilting experience is needed.
Quilting patterns can also help to determine the quilt age.
Quilting pins are larger and easier to work with for a novice.
Quilting services are available to the public for a fee.
Quiltings are crafts.
Quiltings are events.
Quiltings are fabric.
Quiltings are quiltings.
A quin is a sib
Quin are an engineering company as well as a supplier.
Quins certainly look in good shape.
Quinacrine pellets are small and inexpensive to produce.
A quinacrine is an antimalarial drug
Quinacrine is a cheap anti-malarial medication.
Quinacrine is an old drug, originally used to treat malaria in the Second World War.
Quinacrine is primarily in the treatment of giardiasis, covered below.
Quince flesh turns pink when cooked.
Quince fruit is a pome type with numerous seeds.
Quince jelly has also a good reputation as an amorous adjuvant.
Quince jelly is a popular recipe.
Quince jelly is a traditonal european delicatessen and our most appreciated product.
Quince rust can also infect chokecherry, cotoneaster, photinia and dwarf Japanese quince.
Quince rust is more damaging.
Quince seeds soaked in water is good for clearing throat.
Quince trees are self-fruitful so only one tree can produce a nice crop.
A quince is a fruit tree
Quince are like very hard apples.
Quince is a short dead end street.
Quince is the primary dwarfing rootstock used for pear, mostly in Europe.
Quince is very rich in pectine.
Quinces are also very resistant to crown gall and said by some to be very resistant to pear decline.
Quinces are edible fruit.
Quinces are fruit trees.
Quinces are fruits closely related to apples and pears, but are of relatively minor importance.
Quinces are generally free of pests and diseases.
Quinces are more important as rootstocks than as fruiting plants.
Quinces are part of quinces.
Quinces are plants.
Quinces are pomes.
Quinces begin to bear a year or two after planting.
Quinces grow well in windy places like the foot of the mountain.
Quinces require a long time for cooking.
Quine concludes that there is no sense, and so that there is no determinate meaning.
Quine eliminates the difference between the world of metaphysics and that of science.
Quine exposes the fundamental weaknesses inherent in a linguistic approach to analyticity.
Quine has some idiosyncratic ideas about things, but is always worth reading.
Quine is a site that highlights the activities, interests and concerns of women in Scotland.
Quine is an opponent of positivism who on analytic grounds has turned to pragmatism.
Quine is one of the most important philosophers of our time.
Quine is probably good here too.
Quine is right of course.
Quine is, in the final analysis, a pragmatist.
Quine says that all explanation is physical explanation.
Quine shows the inherent impossibility of the meaningful reduction of a statement.
Quine tries to explicate the concept of interchangeability salva veritiate .
Quinic acid is exceedingly active as an intermediate which possesses alternative metabolic fates.
Quinic acid is found in the leaves, and a little tannin.
Quinidine is known to reduce heart rate and improve irregularity of heartbeat.
Quinine sulfate darkens on exposure to light.
Quinine sulfate is extensively metabolized, mainly in the liver.
Quinine sulfate occurs as a white, crystalline powder, which darkens on exposure to light.
Quinolinic acid induces damage to the hippocampus of the brain.
A quinone is a compound
Quinones are compounds.
Quinones are organic compounds.
Quinones are produced by epidermal cells for tanning the cuticle.
Quinones are the usual intermediates in allomelanin synthesis.
Quinones can react with reactive groups of proteins to form a dark pigment, melanin.
Quinones constitute a class of compounds with important biological and industrial applications.
Quinones starts to counter, then hesitates.
Quinones unearths a wealth of material that has in fact gone unnoticed or been hidden.
Most quinones are toxic.
Quinque radices aperientes majores.
Quinque radices aperientes minores.
A quint is a sib
Quint looks off kind of embarrased.
Quint reacts with surprise.
A quintessence is an example
Quintessence can also decay into new forms of hot matter or radiation.
Quintessence encompasses a wide class of possibilities.
Quintessence is a quantum field with both kinetic and potential energy.
Quintessence is no longer part of the scientific discourse, then.
Quintessence makes up the constituent matter of the heavenly bodies.
Quintessence makes very specific predictions.
Quintessence provides consultancy aimed at raising policy outlooks, awareness and profiles.
Quintessence takes responsibility for comments made and actions taken by such persons.
Quintessences are elements.
Quintessences are examples.
Quintessences are kernels.
Quintessences relate primarily to the outer spiritual bodies.
Quintessential loons crave acceptance, and a patent trumps a self-published book any time.
Quintessential peace creates a core of silence for the mental self.
A quintet is a piece
Many quintets have members who compose or arrange pieces for their group.
Quintissential rapture suffuses tender unity.
A quintuple is a set
Quintuples consist of fove fields separated by commas and enclosed by parentheses.
A quintuplet is a set
Quintuplets often have respiratory and other complications.
A quip is a remark
Quips are the offspring of daily experience.
Quips bring wisdom to one who listens.
Quips have a special agenda of their own, whether personal, intrusive or reflective.
Every quip has a beginning.
Every quip invites a followup.
A quire is an amount
Quire signatures Quire markings are written on certain pages.
A quirk is strangeness
Quirks are minor faults, which add color to a character.
Quirky design is practical, too.
Quirky holes epitomise old-fashioned style.
Quirky organization makes it more difficult than necessary to find things.
Quirky results are inevitable.
Quisque gravida ipsum non sapien .
Quisque gravida ipsum non sapien.
Quit smoke has effects.
Most quit smoke has effects.
Quite annoying is the fool idea many seem to have of putting it into their operating system kernel.
Quite Fires is a true love of a book.
Quite opposite is true for the forehand volley.
Quite teams are a bad sign.
A quitter is a person
Quitters also reduce their risk of developing infections like pneumonia.
Quitters are people.
Quitters can start again.
Quitters experience an increased craving for sweets.
Quitters go home.
Quitters never prosper .
Quitters never win and winners never quit.
Quitters never win, and winners never quit.
Quitters never win.
Quitters Never Win.
Quitters never win-Winners never quit.
Quitters profit much less often than cheaters.
All quitters are good losers.
Most quitters stop on their own - sometimes with the help of books, pamphlets, guides, or videos.
Quitting coffee can cause withdrawal symptoms such as headaches, sleepiness and irritability.
Quitting coffee is a headache.
Quitting dialysis is practically unheard of there.
Quitting heroin is extremely hard, and few people manage it successfully.
Quitting smoking can be a challenge.
Quitting smoking can be a tough thing.
Quitting smoking can be an uphill battle.
Quitting smoking can be one of the hardest challenges to face.
Quitting smoking can decrease blood pressure.
Quitting smoking can greatly reduce the risk of developing cancer.
Quitting smoking can help reduce wounds that result from poor blood flow.
Quitting smoking can lengthen lives and improve health.
Quitting smoking can prevent osteoporosis by preserving bone.
Quitting smoking has both immediate and long-term beneficial effects.
Quitting smoking has great health benefits for women of all ages.
Quitting smoking has major and immediate health benefits for smokers of all ages.
Quitting smoking helps decrease the frequency and severity of chest pain.
Quitting smoking helps lower cholesterol levels and blood pressure.
Quitting smoking helps reduce complications from interactions with other drugs.
Quitting smoking is harder for women than for men.
Quitting smoking is health care.
Quitting things is paramount to enjoining.
Quitting time is like retirement age.
Quitting tobacco is a tough challenge.
Quitting tobacco is the single most important thing people can do for their health.
Quiver is fear
Quivers can also be color-matched to bows for a truly custom look.
All quivers are available in black, medium brown, tan, chocolate, burgundy, and buffalo.
Quixotic bisexual erotica an adult oriented site containing explicit sexual pictures.
Quiz questions cover plant species, mammals and geography.
Quiz is a test
Quiz is examinations.
Quiz isa exam.
Quizes are closed book unless otherwise specified.
Quizes give immediate feedback.
Quizes incorporate actual screenshots of the application to allow for practical questions.
Quizes really do prompt students to revise and study the work.
Quizzes accompany each lesson to help gauge progress.
Quizzes allow students to assess their understanding of each chapter's.
Quizzes also do wonders for attendance.
Quizzes also generate statistical information for teachers.
Quizzes are a combination of multiple choice, short answer questions, and definitions.
Quizzes are a few questions each answerable with a few words or sentences.
Quizzes are a hoot.
Quizzes are a lot more important than they seem each day.
Quizzes are a simple and powerful way to introduce interactivity into a course.
Quizzes are about once a week.
Quizzes are all multiple choice and are submitted in the same way as the homework.
Quizzes are also an indication of attendance patterns.
Quizzes are also good indicators of a student s performance.
Quizzes are also useful for the students to help in perfecting their hand skills.
Quizzes are always an ominous possibility.
Quizzes are an excellent learning tool.
Quizzes are an incentive to stay current with the course.
Quizzes are an independent effort.
Quizzes are an integral part of the class.
Quizzes are an option and are given at the discretion of the instructor.
Quizzes are at the discretion of the instructor.
Quizzes are automatically graded and provide users with immediate feedback.
Quizzes are available by password after registering for use.
Quizzes are available for each of the anatomic areas under study.
Quizzes are available on the internet for a limited amount of time.
Quizzes are available until the scheduled deadlines.
Quizzes are closed book .
Quizzes are closed book and closed notes.
Quizzes are closed book with no notes.
Quizzes are closed book, closed notes, and for hand calculation and individual work only.
Quizzes are closed book, closed notes, and multiple choice.
Quizzes are closed book.
Quizzes are closed notes.
Quizzes are closed-book unless explicitly stated otherwise.
Quizzes are closed-book, but bring a calculator and a sheet of notes.
Quizzes are collections of questions, answers and explanations stored on a web server.
Quizzes are common and dates, times and room assignments are determined by the registrar.
Quizzes are completely objective and ask for information from the readings.
Quizzes are comprehensive.
Quizzes are crude tools to encourage students to read and remember.
Quizzes are different in form and function from the tests.
Quizzes are due as indicated on the class schedule .
Quizzes are due at the beginning of the next class period.
Quizzes are due before the class period assigned.
Quizzes are due beginning of the next class.
Quizzes are due Fridays, allowing approximately one week per chapter.
Quizzes are due upon completion.
Quizzes are during the first five minutes of every lecture.
Quizzes are equal to one-quarter of a test grade.
Quizzes are essay and short answer.
Quizzes are free response in format.
Quizzes are from text and class material.
Quizzes are fun.
Quizzes are generally once per week, are short in duration and are unannounced.
Quizzes are good.
Quizzes are graded and attach a user name to the individual results.
Quizzes are graded and the results e-mailed to the teacher.
Quizzes are helpful for staying on top of the material.
Quizzes are important.
Quizzes are in two forms.
Quizzes are interactive.
Quizzes are multiple choice and short answer.
Quizzes are no notice.
Quizzes are non-cumulative and are to be taken on their scheduled days.
Quizzes are objective, emphasizing reading rather than interpretation.
Quizzes are of the short-answer variety, while examinations are essay exercises.
Quizzes are on Fridays.
Quizzes are one good example.
Quizzes are only available on the date and at the time they are scheduled.
Quizzes are open book, open note.
Quizzes are open book, open notes.
Quizzes are open book.
Quizzes are open notebook and open book.
Quizzes are optional.
Quizzes are possible but none are currently planned.
Quizzes are possible.
Quizzes are prepared according to their main topic.
Quizzes are proofread again before being uploaded.
Quizzes are self-grading and include hints and references to the textbook.
Quizzes are self-grading, for the most part.
Quizzes are self-grading.
Quizzes are take-home, due at the beginning of class.
Quizzes are the crown jewel of the project.
Quizzes are time and date restricted.
Quizzes are to be competed on the dates scheduled.
Quizzes are to be completed at the end of each lesson.
Quizzes are to be completed by each individual without assistance.
Quizzes are to be completed in blue books.
Quizzes are to be emailed.
Quizzes are to be taken at the scheduled time.
Quizzes are to be taken during the scheduled class time.
Quizzes are to be taken on scheduled dates.
Quizzes are to be turned in on dates indicated on schedule.
Quizzes are typically four to five open-ended questions.
Quizzes are unannounced, in-class examinations of that day's assigned readings.
Quizzes are unannounced.
Quizzes are useful ways to learn and to reinforce what is taught.
Quizzes are usually unannounced.
Quizzes are weekly.
Quizzes are worth approx.
Quizzes are worth fewer points than tests and are meant to assess a smaller set of material.
Quizzes assess student understanding of the basic concepts presented in the module.
Quizzes assist the student and provide a method of reviewing and monitoring the student's progress.
Quizzes begin promptly at the beginning of the class.
Quizzes can be media rich and interactive.
Quizzes can be on material up to the date they are handed out.
Quizzes can be short answer, short essays, and even multiple choice.
Quizzes can be true or false, multiple choice, fill-in, and even essay.
Quizzes can consist of multiple choice matching or short answer questions.
Quizzes can cover all material up to the point the quiz is given.
Quizzes can happen on any given day.
Quizzes come directly from the book and lectures.
Quizzes count for the remaining twenty percent.
Quizzes count with one percent of the final grade towards the participation grade.
Quizzes cover all the basics and many of the intricacies that give even seasoned wordsmiths pause.
Quizzes cover assigned readings and are given before the readings are discussed in class.
Quizzes cover both in-class material and the readings.
Quizzes cover major points of the assigned reading and consist of multiple choice questions.
Quizzes cover reading and lecture material from previous class.
Quizzes cover the assignments.
Quizzes cover the content and supplemental information about the plays.
Quizzes cover the material from the previous exam or quiz through that day's homework.
Quizzes cover the readings in the textbook and are 'take home' quizzes.
Quizzes cover the readings, lecture material, and answers to questions in lectures.
Quizzes Create a quiz.
Quizzes derive from labs, so attendance is a necessity.
Quizzes emphasize the special terminology of the field.
Quizzes generally consist of fill-in and short answer items.
Quizzes generally follow from the questions and exercises at the end of the chapter.
Quizzes have both a group portion and an individual portion.
Quizzes have from five to ten questions, depending on grade level.
Quizzes have six questions on topics covered up to that day.
Quizzes Have some fun with the following.
Quizzes have to be taken by midnight on the due date.
Quizzes help ensure that students keep up with course readings.
Quizzes help prepare the student for the exams.
Quizzes help reinforce learned ideas.
Quizzes help students and teachers monitor progress.
Quizzes Here are the weekly quizzes and solutions.
Quizzes increase direct response Sales letters often get low response.
Quizzes insure both.
Quizzes occur as needed.
Quizzes occur at each lecture and at alternate discussion classes.
Quizzes occur during laboratory, and each quiz covers material from the previous week.
Quizzes occur in all other weeks.
Quizzes occur the next period after finishing a chapter in the text.
Quizzes occur with surprising regularity and the points they are worth add up.
Quizzes offer a high-interest activity that keeps students involved and learning.
Quizzes offer immediate feedback.
Quizzes offer positive reinforcement for children.
Quizzes receive a numerical grade.
Quizzes reinforce important points and insure understanding.
Quizzes remain the most commonly used type of interaction.
Quizzes require a minimum of special formatting.
Quizzes require limited typing.
Quizzes require recognition of plant morphology and families, and keying out plants.
Quizzes round out each chapter.
Quizzes start next week.
Quizzes take four minutes, and are easy and fun.
Quizzes take place at the beginning of the lab so please arrive on time.
Quizzes take up too much time.
Quizzes taken late are due no later than noon of the next class day.
Quizzes vary in value and cover assigned chapters.
Quizzes always contain multiple choice questions.
Quizzes usually cover concepts presented in lecture either during the present or previous week.
All quizzes are available now, so feel free to start taking quizzes right away.
All quizzes are closed book, closed notes, and closed net.
All quizzes are comprehensive and include all lecture and reading material to date.
All quizzes are cumulative.
All quizzes are due the week following the lecture for that lesson.
All quizzes are easy to use, fun and educational.
All quizzes are free.
All quizzes are in multiple choice form.
All quizzes are of the take home variety.
All quizzes are on the web.
All quizzes are online at the course web site.
All quizzes are open book and open note.
All quizzes are open book, open notes.
All quizzes are open notes, open Web.
All quizzes are open-book.
All quizzes are optional.
All quizzes are place name quizzes only.
All quizzes are to be completed on an individual basis and in pencil.
All quizzes are to taken by the assigned date via the Internet.
All quizzes are unannounced.
All quizzes are up and running.
All quizzes below are interactive and feature dynamic content.
All quizzes can cover material from the start of the quarter with emphasis on the latest.
All quizzes come directly from the text and Web resources.
All quizzes have corresponding lessons.
All quizzes have equal weight.
Any quizzes completed late have their grades in red.
Many quizzes are online for online-type classes.
Most quizzes ask about the facts of the case.
Most quizzes take just a few moments to complete, and the results are often instantaneous.
Some quizes only display the score or have pop-up menus with correct answers for each question.
Some quizzes are easy and some are more difficult.
Some quizzes ask trainee to use the catalog or the collection.
Some quizzes use the appeal to love.
Quizzical questions result repetitively in innovative initials.
Quizzing video get the FREE realvideo plug-in.
A quoin is a wedge
Quoin specializes in distributed and transaction processing applications.
Quoins are stones that line the corners of the building in a decorative pattern.
Quorn cemetery has three main sections.
Quorn cemetery seems to be a place where many travellers come to learn some of their ancestry.
A quota is a number
Quota capabilities that control strategic resources.
Quota increases on private machines.
Quota is a property.
Quota is a small utility to check folders usage.
Quota is available for some countries and certain items.
Quota is determined by dividing the total number or rushees by the number of social sororities.
Quota is handled on a per user or per group, per file system basis.
Quota is handled on a per user, per file system basis.
Quota is open to everyone regardless of age, occupation or nationality.
Quota is very attainable and internal promotions are frequent.
Quota is very attainable and promotions are frequent.
Quota isa definite quantity.
Quotas affect domestic and foreign producers and domestic consumers.
Quotas affect the free disk space reported to applications.
Quotas allow the system administrator to place limits on the amount of space the users can allocate.
Quotas apply for some courses.
Quotas apply to admission to most degrees and diplomas.
Quotas apply to data physically on disk, only.
Quotas apply to sugar and beef.
Quotas apply to the data aggregate.
Quotas apply, and high marks in the first year program are required.
Quotas are a double-edged sword.
Quotas are a form of boycotting another countries goods.
Quotas are a mandate to fill a certain number of positions with designated-group members.
Quotas are a maximum amount of a good that can be imported into a country.
Quotas are a tool to address problems is selection procedure.
Quotas are a type of nontariff barrier.
Quotas are a universal feature of e-mail accounts.
Quotas are active on the home and temporary file systems.
Quotas are allotment.
Quotas are allotments dictating how much tobacco farmers can grow.
Quotas are an artificial means of protection.
Quotas are available for all curricula.
Quotas are bad for America.
Quotas are clearly illegal.
Quotas are common and markets are tight.
Quotas are common at sawmills and many mills are using lots of gatewood.
Quotas are common.
Quotas are extremely limited and normally have a very limited underway time.
Quotas are high, and conditions miserable.
Quotas are illegal and have consistently been recognized as so by the courts.
Quotas are illegal by state law.
Quotas are illegal in affirmative action programs.
Quotas are illegal under federal law.
Quotas are illegal unless court-ordered to rectify discrimination.
Quotas are illegal.
Quotas are impermissible where opportunities are required to be created without regard to sex.
Quotas are in effect for all travel zones.
Quotas are in force to restrict production.
Quotas are in megabyte increments, so the least that can be requested is an additional meg.
Quotas are in place during peak season for areas within the wilderness area.
Quotas are in place for three reasons.
Quotas are limited.
Quotas are magically within reach.
Quotas are numbers.
Quotas are one of the most damaging forms of trade restrictions.
Quotas are one way to do it.
Quotas are optional.
Quotas are routine in government and private business.
Quotas are slim because the planet is meant to be kept pristine and free of pollution.
Quotas are there to be both a goal and a measuring tool.
Quotas are trade barriers.
Quotas are wrong.
Quotas assume that no women or minorities can carry their end of the ladder without unfair help.
Quotas attract considerable controversy and charges that they discriminate against men.
Quotas dictate how much tobacco a farmer can grow and are commodities in themselves.
Quotas display properly now.
Quotas do indeed exist.
Quotas do remain on imports of many consumer goods.
Quotas get busted, servers go down, and authors rename files.
Quotas give people an excuse for blaming others.
Quotas give people an excuse for failure.
Quotas have limited use unless people have access to the resource.
Quotas have to do with a certain number.
Quotas make a quality system impossible to implement.
Quotas refer, unless otherwise specified, to specimens of wild origin.
Quotas replace the market mechanism and contain the seeds of corruption.
Quotas restrict seats in a course section to defined types of students.
Quotas still exist.
Quotas tend to be administrated in an arbitrary fashion.
Quotas There are quotas on all of the systems.
All quotas are for men and women combined.
All quotas are open for all operators.
All quotas work on a monthly basis.
Most quotas are for the harvesting of a coniferous timber.
Quotable quotes has quotes from movies, to inspire, and others.
Quotable quotes work fine.
Quotated annotations indicate that material from the Web site itself is being quoted directly.
A quotation mark is a punctuation mark
Quotation marks appear outside commas and periods in the United States.
Quotation marks are correct.
Quotation marks are critical if searching a phrase, e.g.
Quotation marks are curious.
Quotation marks are generally unnecessary for phrases.
Quotation marks are necessary and functional marks of punctuation.
Quotation marks are necessary to treat the title as a phrase.
Quotation marks are punctuation marks used to highlight a written quotation.
Quotation marks are punctuation.
Quotation marks are quite easy to learn first.
Quotation marks are road signs to the reader that words other than the student's own are being read.
Quotation marks are the most obvious way to differentiate string values from numeric values.
Quotation marks are unnecessary when searching for phrases.
Quotation marks are used for multiple-paragraph quotations in some cases, especially in narratives.
Quotation marks become important as understanding conversation becomes important.
Quotation marks begin and end words that someone says.
Quotation marks can occur before, within, and at the end of a sentence.
Quotation marks cause trouble at several points.
Quotation marks draw unnecessary attention and can even confuse otherwise clear meaning.
Quotation marks enclose all field values, except unformatted numbers.
Quotation marks enclose the exact words of a speaker or the title of a story, poem, or short work.
Quotation marks force the search engine to find exactly that phrase.
Quotation marks force the search engine to find the phrase.
Quotation marks go before the documentation in parentheses.
Quotation marks go outside the punctuation mark.
Quotation marks have different uses.
Quotation marks have no effect.
Quotation marks have to be used to prevent the shell from splitting the argument containing spaces.
Quotation marks have to be used to prevent the shell from splitting the arguments containing spaces.
Quotation marks identify the title of a story, poem, or other short work.
Quotation marks indicate a literal search.
Quotation marks indicate actual marks used by the company.
Quotation marks indicate exact repetition of what was originally written.
Quotation marks indicate literal searches.
Quotation marks indicate that quotes from the researcher's case are included in the citing case.
Quotation marks indicate that the citing case directly quotes the cited case.
Quotation marks is around what is carved on the stone, and parenthesis is around added information.
Quotation marks make it appear that the gentleman's last name is Parsons.
Quotation marks means the case was quoted.
Quotation marks prevent the semicolons from being interpreted as the end of the alias.
Quotation marks produce an exact match of a word or phrase.
Quotation marks refine the search for specific combinations of words.
Quotation marks surround the quote.
Quotation marks tell the search engine to look only for that combination of words.
Quotation marks tells the engine to search for words in that exact sequence.
Quotation marks used with material directly quoted go before the citation, as in . . .
All quotation marks are the words of the author.
All quotation marks are to be placed outside periods and commas.
All quotation marks fall outside terminal punctuation.
A quotation is a note
Quotation allows perfectly good access to structure and syntax.
Quotation covers only the specified quantity stated to be bound or completed as an initial order.
Quotation dictionaries almost always use a keyword approach.
Quotation Enter a range of quotations numbers to be compared.
Quotation Enter the vendor's quotation reference number if required.
Quotation is a noun.
Quotation is a servicable substitute for wit.
Quotation is a serviceable substitute for wit.
Quotation is as true today as it was a couple of hundred years ago.
Quotation is from the unit s historian.
Quotation is the author's exact words.
Quotation is the biggest problem in writing about film and teaching it.
Quotation is the noun e.g.
Quotation is the reviewer's only hard evidence.
Quotation is usually stronger than paraphrase.
Quotation marks around a phrase are optional in a field search.
Quotation marks around only the first appearance in each article.
Quotation marks unnecessary.
Quotation marks Use single quotation marks for all quotations.
Quotation works simply by displaying expressions in apposition with the rest of the proposition.
Quotations allow to find the original.
Quotations also can clutter.
Quotations also show a breakdown of the quote.
Quotations appear there, as in the version above.
Quotations are a columnist's bullpen.
Quotations are a major feature of any research enterprise.
Quotations are a popular part of a wedding speech.
Quotations are a popular way to underline what one means.
Quotations are a powerful tool.
Quotations are a very popular search term and appeal to a wide audience.
Quotations are all from women and include sources.
Quotations are also from that translation.
Quotations are an effective mechanism for communicating a concept, image or idea.
Quotations are apparently from memory.
Quotations are appropriate for the third or fourth paragraph.
Quotations are appropriate length.
Quotations are arranged in order by time within each writer's entry.
Quotations are available for public inspection after a contract is awarded.
Quotations are available from the Publisher .
Quotations are available on request.
Quotations are available only from Sprint United.
Quotations are available through the corporate office.
Quotations are available upon request.
Quotations are available, upon request, on a project or job by job basis.
Quotations are available.
Quotations are by famous philosophers, authors, politicians and many others.
Quotations are clear and easily understood.
Quotations are common in the humanities and social sciences, but fairly uncommon in the sciences.
Quotations are directly from the medical papers.
Quotations are easy to find and fast.
Quotations are effective in research papers when used selectively.
Quotations are excerpts.
Quotations are for the most part taken from that work.
Quotations are free for small and medium jobs.
Quotations are free of charge and without obligation.
Quotations are free.
Quotations are from pp.
Quotations are from standard writings and leading teachers of the sects.
Quotations are from that publication.
Quotations are from that section.
Quotations are from the book unless otherwise indicated.
Quotations are from the latter.
Quotations are from the Revised Standard Version.
Quotations are good too.
Quotations are important sources of evidence in History papers.
Quotations are in effect for thirty days from estimate date.
Quotations are non-binding and intended to give an approximate idea of costs.
Quotations are normally in cif or fob.
Quotations are okay if kept to a minimum.
Quotations are powerful tools for communicating, teaching, and inspiring.
Quotations are practice.
Quotations are public knowledge and sources are listed when known.
Quotations are public record and are available for review after the contract is awarded.
Quotations are quick to set up and are turned into invoices with a click.
Quotations are searchable by keyword.
Quotations are similar to pepper.
Quotations are sometimes valuable pearls, but original thoughts can be priceless treasure.
Quotations are statements.
Quotations are subject to acceptance by the underwriters.
Quotations are subject to change without notice.
Quotations are to be marked by inverted commas.
Quotations are true levelers.
Quotations are valid for thirty days following issue.
Quotations are welcome.
Quotations are wonderful things.
Quotations can add interest and strength to almost any speech or paper.
Quotations can add interest and strength to almost any speechor paper.
Quotations can also be a fine way to start out an article.
Quotations can also frustrate.
Quotations can be deucedly difficult to verify .
Quotations can be input and printed as required.
Quotations can be integral to fraudulent schemes involving microcap securities.
Quotations can be so inspirational sometimes.
Quotations can be that powerful.
Quotations can go in and out of style.
Quotations can go in more than one category.
Quotations contains thousands of quotations indexed in a variety of ways.
Quotations do have their place, of course.
Quotations E'en the dew is parched up From the teazle's jointed cup.
Quotations follow chronologically as they appear in the film.
Quotations get our attention.
Quotations given are subject to prior sale of the machinery concerned.
Quotations illustrate legal usage in context.
Quotations illustrate usage.
Quotations involve the quote operator and an arbitrary list expression .
Quotations involve the quote operator and an arbitrary list expression.
Quotations make a publication much more lively.
Quotations make everyone more authoritative.
Quotations make very good supporting evidence.
Quotations Now listen to the rule of the last inch.
Quotations only apply to the quantities stated unless agreed in writing.
Quotations provide support and color.
Quotations provides numerous links to various quotation web sites.
Quotations reflect present knowledge of existing conditions.
Quotations represent the most frequent type of buying transaction done by the buyers.
Quotations run in with the text.
Quotations show a short story .
Quotations show a short story.
Quotations sound like real speech.
Quotations Use direct, substantive quotations to provide immediacy and credibility.
Quotations Use double quotation marks to search for a phrase rather than individual words.
Quotations Always give the page number for quotations.
Quotations always have a built-in problem.
Quotations often illuminate the reading.
All quotations are anonymous to protect the identity of the respondents.
All quotations are comments made during informal third-party interviews.
All quotations are estimates and are subject to change.
All quotations are estimates.
All quotations are Free of charge and are offered without obligation.
All quotations are free of charge.
All quotations are from Heretic Blood and use the pagination of that text.
All quotations are from the above references.
All quotations are from the Baha'i writings.
All quotations are from the hardcover Canadian edition.
All quotations are from the relevant web sites unless otherwise noted.
All quotations are from the same price list available for download here.
All quotations are from transcribed proceedings available from the Author.
All quotations are provisional, and have been quoted prior to inspection.
All quotations are subject to change by market conditions and additional services required.
All quotations are subject to verification as to claims experience and construction.
All quotations are to be identified and all debts acknowledged.
All quotations are valid for thirty days unless otherwise noted.
All quotations are without obligation.
All quotations have a direct link to the source.
All quotations have to identify properly the origin.
All quotations here come from that source.
All quotations meet fair-use criteria for literary reviews.
All quotations provided are off course free and without obligation.
All quotations require page references.
Any quotation is marked ac-cordingly and given appropriate credit.
Any quotation is marked accordingly and given appropriate credit.
Any quotation is subject to availability of flights and accommodation.
Every quotation contributes something to the stability or enlargement of the language.
Every quotation is documented with a reference.
Every quotation is followed by a citation giving the exact line.
Every quotation is incorporated into or introduced by another sentence.
Every quotation needs analysis.
Many quotations are fictitious.
Some quotation is essential to give a sense of the author's style or tone.
Some quotations are funny, some poignant, some simply absurd.
Some quotations contain proper names or archaic spellings.
Quotations marks are best for searching a phrase or a name.
Some quote servers are simply mirrors of existing, supported quote servers.
Some quote servers require an account to be opened.
A quote is a punctuation mark
Quotes add color to a story, and sometimes help clarify issues.
Quotes add flavor.
Quotes add life to releases.
Quotes allow the reader to sympathize or empathize with the subject of the article.
Quotes also tend to be more dramatic and emphatic if they are short.
Quotes appear in the linked website.
Quotes appear instantly.
Quotes appear too late in the story.
Quotes apply to Japan and Europe usually.
Quotes are also good hooks.
Quotes are always free.
Quotes are always welcome.
Quotes are as at market closing.
Quotes are as at the end of the session.
Quotes are as of market closing.
Quotes are available at any time.
Quotes are available daily in newspapers.
Quotes are available for certain jobs if requested in advance.
Quotes are available for groups .
Quotes are available for one driver and one motorcycle only.
Quotes are available for personal chartered trips.
Quotes are available for pre-press, print and distribution also.
Quotes are available for upstate New York only.
Quotes are available free of charge.
Quotes are available from the factory and several response time plans are offered.
Quotes are available on all makes of equipment .
Quotes are available on request to building companies in USA or Canada.
Quotes are available on request.
Quotes are available on U.S. equities, market indices, mutual funds and commodities.
Quotes are available online.
Quotes are available through the close of the previous trading day.
Quotes are available upon consultation.
Quotes are available upon request.
Quotes are available with no obligation.
Quotes are available within one to two business days.
Quotes are available.
Quotes are by the project or by the page, and vary with the project requirements.
Quotes are cheap and highly effective.
Quotes are different for each one, so get a consensus.
Quotes are downloadable in Excel format.
Quotes are estimates based on information available at the time of request.
Quotes are examples.
Quotes are eye-catching and make the reader want to find the context.
Quotes are firm price.
Quotes are for food cost only.
Quotes are for informational purposes only.
Quotes are for seven days only.
Quotes are free and are based on our hourly rates.
Quotes are free and easy with our new email webform.
Quotes are free and there is no obligation to accept a quote details are also kept confidential.
Quotes are free and without any obligation to purchase our images.
Quotes are free of charge.
Quotes are free.
Quotes are from media sources.
Quotes are from speeches, books, letters and plays.
Quotes are from the evidence as summarized and agreed to by the parties.
Quotes are from the forum.
Quotes are great additions to .sig files, and can sometimes help bring home a point.
Quotes are great, but make sure they have a reason to be there.
Quotes are great.
Quotes are in approximately chronological order, starting from when the first quote was uttered.
Quotes are in Canadian dollars.
Quotes are in local currencies and changes are from the previous close.
Quotes are in order of campaign name, alphabetically or so.
Quotes are in real time, and the time stamp is located in the top left corner of the box.
Quotes are lame.
Quotes are like spices.
Quotes are lists of items sent to suppliers requesting special pricing.
Quotes are located in stories.
Quotes are more accurate.
Quotes are most welcome.
Quotes are necessary to search as a phrase.
Quotes are often most appropriate during concluding portions of the argument.
Quotes are often prepared within a few days of having received the request.
Quotes are on a unit basis.
Quotes are one way trips.
Quotes are only available through emails.
Quotes are only necessary for values that contain blank spaces.
Quotes are optional.
Quotes are per person based on double occupancy.
Quotes are powerful writing starters.
Quotes are prepared offline in a prescribed comma delimited format then uploaded via the Internet.
Quotes are sacred.
Quotes are snapshots on the page.
Quotes are subject to change at any time.
Quotes are subject to revision on receipt of artwork or files, or if any specifications change.
Quotes are subject to the rating bureau rules and underwriting rules.
Quotes are to be footnoted.
Quotes are train-related or applicable to the hobby.
Quotes are unnecessary thereafter.
Quotes are useful for searching two or more words bound together.
Quotes are usually fifteen to twenty minutes delayed, but good enough for a quick check.
Quotes are valid for the current year only.
Quotes are verbatim from the various journalists.
Quotes are well documented, giving both the author and the source of a particular quotation.
Quotes are, in fact, an artifice.
Quotes Automate the production of Quotations and track their stages.
Quotes Blow the dust off the clock.
Quotes breathe life into a story, but can be abused.
Quotes brighten up the story.
Quotes call Soldier since any school amid most difficulty.
Quotes can also search statically and sequentially.
Quotes can be helpful, but keep quotation to a minimum.
Quotes can be helpful, but please keep quotation to a minimum.
Quotes can come within hours after a site profile is taken.
Quotes can include special packaging and shipping at customer's request.
Quotes can provide credence and make a story relevant to the real life experiences of the reader.
Quotes can scroll either horizontally or vertically.
Quotes can usually be completed in a week or less, bids usually take two weeks or more.
Quotes change daily.
Quotes clearly explain all work to be performed, costs, and fees.
Quotes Click here to see the list.
Quotes come from all genres of movies.
Quotes come from all over the map.
Quotes contain hyperlinks, and a hyperlink to the quoted document.
Quotes contains a screen saver.
Quotes correct retail prices to customers for special orders.
Quotes cover current affairs, sport, television and films, and royalty.
Quotes do no include shipping, raising of the frame or sales tax.
Quotes draw readers in, giving human warmth and an approachable tone to abstract news.
Quotes enclosing the referrer string are optional but recommended.
Quotes Enter symbols or names separated by commas.
Quotes Enter the stock symbol to access the beta and other current stock information.
Quotes estimates for state to state moves from many different moving companies.
Quotes feel Clothes toward hospital around some resultant vector before drag with a language.
Quotes force a search for word combinations.
Quotes form various sources that caught our eye.
Quotes generally are a form of show and tell.
Quotes Getting a quote is easy.
Quotes give more credibility and life to the story.
Quotes Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
Quotes guard Pump about the rear aside either penny.
Quotes have impact.
Quotes have no effect.
Quotes have no meaning and are removed automatically.
Quotes help build story credibility.
Quotes Here are some funny quotes.
Quotes Here are some of the favorite quotes.
Quotes Here are some quotes from users of the analog program.
Quotes Here are some quotes that have to do with running.
Quotes highlights inspirational and informative mediation-related quotations.
Quotes identify a contact for potential interviews and lend credibility to the story.
Quotes illustrate points and give depth.
Quotes indicate language taken directly from the bill or bill digest.
Quotes Indicates quotes with quotation marks.
Quotes is inherited.
Quotes is now ready to be used.
Quotes keep it real.
Quotes make a story come alive.
Quotes match the source.
Quotes now display on all pages.
Quotes offers quotes of all types.
Quotes only reflect traffic in the network.
Quotes page Back to top .
Quotes parfumes joop.
Quotes Postpone the anatomy of summer, as The physical pine, the metaphysical pine.
Quotes provides delayed quotes with links to news articles.
Quotes range from funny to down right offensive.
Quotes range from inspiring to terrifying, intensely descriptive to philosophically profound.
Quotes re. inventions and inventors.
Quotes Remember .
Quotes require both machine serial number and model type.
Quotes See recommendations .
Quotes serve the same purpose in expository writing.
Quotes stroke Meantime down any park within no camp.
Quotes supports multiple signature files.
Quotes sweep whatever manufacturing project management software beside witness.
Quotes Take the first step in faith.
Quotes taste in the explanation or believe bow for sale.
Quotes There are two fundamental equalizers in life the Internet and education.
Quotes There are various ways of keeping truth out of sight.
Quotes There is a sneaky technique of insulting others through the use of quotes.
Quotes There is no good leadership without good character.
Quotes trusts along an arizona cardinals cap.
Quotes turn through some racquetball gloves.
Quotes turn through some shin guard.
Quotes typically consist of a price and a description of the product or service.
Quotes update throughout the day.
Quotes Use for titles or articles, TV shows, poetry and songs.
Quotes Use quotation marks for all quotations that are no more than seven lines of copy.
Quotes Use quotes to wrap phrases, names and titles.
Quotes vary depending on project.
Quotes Work a lifetime to pay of a house.
Quotes often add a valuable creative flair to an essay.
All quotes are approximate .
All quotes are approximations.
All quotes are beautiful,intense and very motivating.
All quotes are by permission of the buyers and are unsolicited.
All quotes are free and employers have no obligation to buy a plan.
All quotes are free and responded to promptly.
All quotes are free to use by journalists in any news medium.
All quotes are free.
All quotes are from author interviews or firsthand knowledge unless noted otherwise.
All quotes are from inventory only.
All quotes are from letters and surveys .
All quotes are from pp.
All quotes are highest trades for the quarter.
All quotes are in alphabetical order by authors last name.
All quotes are in alphabetical order.
All quotes are in Canadian dollars and are on a per day rental.
All quotes are in local exchange time.
All quotes are in the currency native to the exchange.
All quotes are in their original spelling and punctuation.
All quotes are in U.S. dollars, unless noted.
All quotes are in U.S. funds.
All quotes are individualized.
All quotes are limited to guaranteed figures.
All quotes are minimum two year contract.
All quotes are non-binding until the actual delivery has taken place.
All quotes are per month, six month minimum.
All quotes are per night and extended stay discounts apply.
All quotes are prepared to be accurate, complete, and competitive.
All quotes are real,because it was recorded to cassette recorder.
All quotes are subject availability at the time of booking.
All quotes are subject to acceptable credit, appraisal, title and underwriting review.
All quotes are subject to availability at the time of booking.
All quotes are subject to availability, confirmation and subject to change.
All quotes are subject to availability, confirmation, and change.
All quotes are subject to company underwriting.
All quotes are subject to equipment availability.
All quotes are subject to pre-qualification.
All quotes are subject to underwriter approval.
All quotes are subject to underwriting review.
All quotes are subject to underwriting.
All quotes are suitable for a general audience and the database is added to frequently.
All quotes are the property of their respective owners.
All quotes are valid for one month only.
All quotes carry in-line citations.
All quotes cited are directly from the agreement.
All quotes go to their respectful owners.
All quotes provided through the system are two-sided and are fully executable by the customer.
Every quote is a sound- bite.
Every quote is bindable in that customers are guaranteed the stated price of the policy.
Every quote is written in one single line.
Most quotes are from written comments on the client questionnaires.
Most quotes come from wiretaps.
Most quotes submitted during business hours take less than an hour to compile and reply.
Some quotes also have a subject that can be searched.
Some quotes appear in more than one category.
Some quotes are free.
Some quotes are low, some are high, and some are in the middle.
Some quotes are profound, others are wise, some are witty but none are frivolous.
Some quotes contain harsh language.
Some quotes illustrate women's experience and women's lives.
Some quotes impart both wit and wisdom in just a few words.
Some quotes Now is the time for all good men to come to the aid of our country.
Some quotes speak for themselves.
Quoted amounts are subject to change.
Quoted bandwidth is the sum of both orthogonal polarizations.
Quoted braces are literals.
Quoted characters are characters preceded by a slash.
Quoted comments are from the liner notes.
Quoted errors are one standard deviation.
Quoted excerpt ends.
Quoted fees are all inclusive.
Quoted figures are for qualified applicants.
Quoted flux is light incident on telescope.
Quoted links make it easy to create links to other pages.
Quoted material is copyrighted by the respective publishers.
Quoted material is noted by a referce mark, with citations provided directly beneath each section.
Quoted material is preceded by a colon if the quotation is formally introduced by a full sentence.
Quoted material is used with permission.
Quoted passages appear in black.
Quoted portions are from the original picture caption.
Quoted price is the price to the buyer.
Quoted prices apply when automatically billed to a credit card.
Quoted prices are approximate, per nozzle tip.
Quoted prices are contingent upon review of final drawings and specifications.
Quoted prices are for a ride with the first available carriage at the stand.
Quoted prices are for a single publication.
Quoted prices are for CASH sales.
Quoted prices are for one pack.
Quoted prices are for prints ordered at time of processing only.
Quoted prices are for UK and Europe.
Quoted prices are good for one week.
Quoted prices are maximum loaded rates, which can be lowered at any time.
Quoted prices are subject to change without notice .
Quoted prices are subject to change without notice.
Quoted prices are subject to change without notification.
Quoted prices are subject to market fluctuations.
Quoted prices are valid at the time of writing and are subject to change.
Quoted rates are for conforming loan amounts in Florida.
Quoted rates are for either double or single unless otherwise noted.
Quoted rates are for pre-printed inserts only.
Quoted rates are per person and are based on double occupancy.
Quoted rates are per person and are based on quad occupancy.
Quoted rates are per room and include continental breakfast.
Quoted rates are single or double occupancy.
Quoted rates are subject to availability.
Quoted rates are subject to change.
Quoted rates cover routing of power in the most convenient manner.
Quoted rates exclude tax.
Quoted rates reflect our WEB rebate.
Quoted rates require min.
Quoted resolutions are typical.
Quoted sentence is from the original picture caption.
Quoted sizes are approximate only.
Quoted specifications are for standard systems.
Quoted spread is the difference between the inside bid and offer.
Quoted statistics indicate a higher incidence in less urbanized, lower economic status subgroups.
Quoted strings are no more recognized.
Quoted text appears with a greater than sign in the beginning of each line.
Quoted text comes from the site listed.
Quoted text has a grey background.
Quoted text is from the authors' descriptions of the programs.
Quoted text is set off with a pair of angle brackets.
Quoted times are for leaving the hotel and the event.
Quotidian events are the everyday details of life.
A quotient is a ratio
Quotients also come up in certain tests, like the IQ test, which stands for intelligence quotient.
Quotients are harder.
Qur'anic inscriptions decorate doorways.
Qu'ranic law holds precedence over all other laws.
Qwik time has all the features at a great price.
Many R bands means, roughly speaking, many genes.
R c is used as the total height of the logo column.
R D Writing a business plan can be an overwhelming task.
R E is adjusted on the left side for the greater distance.
R e is dimensionless, used to compare scaled-down models.
R e is the primary direct target of ionising radiation and produces the energy for mitosis.
R E Save the ko till last.
R E Suppose the time required for one orbit is T seconds.
R evolution is an open measurement of strength between social forces in a struggle for power.
R factor See R plasmid .
R factors are plasmids that encode antibiotic resistance.
R groups are radical groups, representative groups or reactive groups.
R groups are straight chain hydrocarbons.
R groups can be polar, non polar, acidic or basic.
Some R groups are hydrophilic, some are lipophilic.
R ice is a good source of vitamins and minerals including B-complex, thiamin, riboflavin and niacin.
R ice is much more highly prized as food than the camote.
R j is highly likely.
R k means reason, ground, origin, a wonder, sign, marvel.
R l be a polynomial mapping.
R m Reverses the data pointer m bytes.
R o is radial distance to the center of filters.
R pes are every bit as jarring to drive over as are topes .
R protein is found in gastric, biliary and salivary secretions.
R q Read all readings and web site info on the digital divide .
R R is a general purpose computing language designed especially for statistics.
R R is a rocket.
R R is one of Dublin's most popular clubs - for good reason.
R R reduces a to b .
R t is the only other variable that needs to be found.
R types are often pragmatic and like to work with their hands.
R v is difficult to determine.
R value varies depending on age and use conditions.
R values measure resistance to heat transfer - the higher the better.
R X is a binary relation.
R Y Bring back the rental car labels so other motorists can steer clear.
R Y Bursting hard kernels inside out with heat produces movie fare.
R y mean The tops of x and y are both covered with snow .
R Y Predicting the Internet's future is tough, but faster, wireless connections are a safe bet.
R acing sled dogs are among the best-cared for animals in the world.
R actively seeks to relate data to decisions.
R aising a child, with or without diabetes, is never easy.
R aising birds is fun but far from easy.
R aising well-rounded children to achieve academically to their highest potential is difficult.
R allow yearly tracking of multiple year grants which are now lumped into one budget.
R allows one to work with data in any way it comes.
R also depends on the overvoltage.
R also is used to protect the garment's boot from abrasion.
R am with double guide.
R andomly pick a new screen saver each hour.
R appears more focused during training.
R appears to have been granted refugee status.
R are available.
R are coins.
R are earth elements have very special applications in scientific research.
R are earth permanent magnets are very strong but fairly expensive to produce.
R are equivalent.
R are is the movie or TV show that presents an accurate portrayal of anything aviation.
R are just too broad and powerful.
R are temp.
R are the games the right player can move to .
R are the games the right player can move to.
R are the same the voltages are the same.
R are three important measures of sample variability.
R arely do members of one family grow up under the same roof.
R arely does a book have the power to improve economists' fundamental vision of their subject.
R asks applicants whether they can lift three-pound boxes.
R asks whether anyone in the teleconference has a different position or further comments.
R ates available upon request.
R ates fluctuates on daily basis.
R ates Group rates are available.
R ates subject to change.
R be a multiplicative function.
R be an affine function.
R be any function.
R be the set of all sets.
R bodies the same, see pricing page.
R brings proof from rabbis mentioned in the Gemara.
R can also be a hydrogen atom.
R can be a long straight chain of carbons.
R can be another letter depending of the album.
R can be freely down-loaded from the statlib.
R comes as source or binary code.
R Contains a recipient address.
R contains four eigenvectors.
R covers many applications.
R creates a temporary ruler and HR creates a permanent, or held ruler.
R Cut the squash into cubes.
R denotes a required information.
R denotes resources that are available in Russian only.
R denotes the position of the ridge.
R depends on the beam-energy and the density of the material.
R designates special internal routing when more than one source is known in advance or the order.
R Do it the day the award arrives R electronic notification of an active budget number.
R eaching a diagnosis requires a thorough and accurate medical history and physical examination.
R ead a short bit of a sample chapter .
R ead all the good stuff already in the magazines and watch the updates page .
R ead each tract and know it well.
R ead our last meeting minutes HERE .
R ead our measure.
R ead our review on on see and do pages.
R ead the car manufacturer's instructions.
R ead the complete article here.
R ead the complete documentation from here .
R ead the FAQ to learn of their origin.
R ead the list of questions to ask about radiation.
R ead the problem slowly and carefully.
R ead the problem.
R ead the statements below, click on the box with the arrow and choose the sequence number.
R ead the verses from two or three different versions and a paraphrase.
R ead their report.
R eading skill in English improves when students study a foreign language.
R eading technical publications is now a full time job.
R ealize life's limitations.
R ealize no one is perfect.
R ealize the interdependencies that exist in the beach habitats across the globe.
R eally listen, a friendly ear is a soothing balm.
R eally listen.
R eally think about it.
R eceive the latest news on hot deals and discounts on Alaska adventure trips.
R eceive the latest news via our mailing list .
R ecognize current weather conditions and obtain forecasts .
R ecognize current weather conditions and obtain forecasts.
R ecognize each child's uniqueness Children grow at different rates.
R ecognize inner strengthens and weaknesses.
R ecognize the competition.
R ecognize the early signs of a potential assault.
R ecognize the future leaders of America.
R ecognize the hard work of others.
R ecommend native plant species to compete with invasives.
R ecommends new DoD and national laser and broadband safety standards.
R ecord any registration numbers of suspicious vehicles and call the police.
R ecruits college students and others to tutor children.
R ecycled metal is used when possible.
R ecycling biosolids for beneficial use means quality control and safety.
R ecycling Extra recycling bins are available.
R ediscover what sailing was like during the days when pirates still roamed the sea .
R educe the risk of hand injury caused by repetitive movement and excessive strain.
R educe the steps in the setup.
R eequip the reanimation room .
R efreshing morning and afternoon breaks in the garden during seminars add a nice change of scenery.
R egard their personal success as being closely related to the success of their customers.
R egistering a name is a fairly simple process.
R egistering web pages, manually, is a time consuming business.
R eject an argument for the other side.
R elaxing music causes all the muscles in the listeners' bodies relax.
R emanufactured cartridges - Compatible ink jet and laser cartridges range in quality and price.
R emove a healthy leaf from the mother plant.
R emove any cold, wet clothes.
R emove any constricting or wet clothing and replace with dry clothing.
R emove any detachable strings or ribbons from toys and clothing.
R emove bones from cookie sheet to cooling rack.
R emove protective safety equipment on machinery.
R emove scissors from older dog's mouth.
R emove small appliances or kitchen gadgets from counters.
R emove the actuator from the valve and check the valve stem.
R emove the back shell by lifting back flap, hold the body firmly and twist off the back shell.
R emove the barriers to the deepest intimacy of all and find complete ONEness.
R emove the brew basket containing the grounds immediately.
R emove the ham hocks, strain and reserve liquid.
R emove the heavy twigs from the parsley and chop the leaves fairly finely.
R emove the pan from the heat.
R emove the patties from the frying pan and drain excess oil.
R emove the plant from the pot.
R emove the shrimp shells from the stock.
R emoving the ovaries or testicles does affect metabolism.
R emoving the spool and reversing the drag is simple.
R ENEW our minds through the application of Biblical truths to daily life.
R enter shelter costs are rising .
R eorganize direct reading instruction.
R eporting on world trade talks discusses everything, it seems, except world trade.
R equesting a quote on a specific promotional item is simple and easy.
R equired fields are in green.
R equired inoculations vary from continent to continent and even country to country.
R equired reading is indicated below.
R eseed the lawn if needed and get landscaping in top shape.
R esolving problems is a challenge in any information services organization.
R esources D epartment.
R esources The lowest-level software interface to some hardware elements of the machine.
R espect each other.
R espect the dignity of our patients, residents, their families and our staff.
R espect the environment and the rights of others.
R espect the rights of hikers, skiers, campers and others to enjoy their activities undisturbed.
R espect the rights of hikers, skiers, campers, and others to enjoy their activities undisturbed.
R espect the rights of others.
R especting the rights of law-abiding gun owners is one thing.
R esponsibilities to build self-esteem and confidence.
R estricted restoration work is carried out at the architectural remains.
R esults Describe the Results .
R esults Pictures have been taken from various planes in the vessel.
R esults Some key results are summarized here.
R esume A polished resume is essential when meeting an employer.
R esumes .
R etains admission fees charged.
R eturn each day to a wilderness chalet or remote cabin and reminisce over the day's experiences.
R eturn the card on time.
R eturn the focus of a literary study to the author.
R eturn the pheasant and onions to the pan, stir, covering the pheasant with some sauce and onions.
R eturn to contact page.
R eturning to school after cancer treatment is a tough experience for a child.
R eview our compact plan for more details of our misson, vision, and long range goals.
R eview the conference agenda for details on the theme of each session and lists of the presenters.
R eview the courses which the college offers.
R eview the eight essentials to Writing a Check.
R eview the home inside room by room.
R eview the perspectives given for the future of logging in Oregon.
R eview the possibilities and make a choice.
R eview the revised state workers' compensation webpage .
R eview the role of European settlement and transportation in the early phases of logging.
R evise the paper.
R evisiting a category of systems after a year is always an illuminating exercise.
R eviving a previous production is something like visiting an old friend, or sometimes an old lover.
R evolving back is available and an original wooden roll film holder is supplied.
R eynolds Plantation offers itself as a celebration of fine living.
R gives the correlation between the predictor variable and the dependent variable.
R gives the density contrast of the model.
R goes up to pedal.
R has a high school education and was a clerk in a local store before marriage.
R has a multiplicative identity element.
R has a small butt.
R has n rows.
R has no est.variogram function.
R has several pars doing the same thing.
R has the desired condition number exactly.
R has the desired condition number only approximately, but has less structure.
R has the form or where or is upper triangular.
R has the most commonly used math operators.
R Have the items with leftover encumbrances liquidated at a faster rate.
R holds a and b are convergent w.r.t.
R holds everywhere.
R holds somewhere.
R iding a kickboard is easy.
R iding a recumbent is also safe.
R includes the article.
R Indicates a course that has been repeated for credit.
R indicates a required field.
R indicates a retainer of more than one year.
R indicates a return to ringing after another technique has been used.
R indicates event confirmed and registered.
R indicates existing structures tentatively scheduled for renovation.
R indicates only research is undertaken.
R indicates radial construction.
R indicates rattan handles.
R indicates required readings.
R indicates reservations recommended or required.
R indicates reversed scoring.
R indicates right eye.
R indicates that advance registration is required.
R indicates that the associated data are judged unusable by the data reviewer.
R indicates that the field value is required at submission.
R indicates that the item circulation is restricted to use only within the owning library.
R indicates that the title is peer reviewed.
R indicates the data set is read-protected.
R indicates the range monument.
R indicates USA registration.
R ing C enter O ur selections and great values are simply unbelievable.
R is a collaborative project with many contributors.
R is a column vector of theoretical power ratings for each team.
R is a constant called the universal gas constant.
R is a constant that can take different values.
R is a dense linear ordering.
R is a high cliff.
R is a language and environment for statistical computing and graphics.
R is a language and run-time environment for carrying out interactive statistical data analysis.
R is a linear ordering.
R is a partial ordering.
R is a quasi ordering.
R is a radial view of the wood.
R is a radius value in the same scheme.
R is a rectangle.
R is a reduction sequence w.r.t.
R is a Rook that can move only six squares maximum.
R is a splendid piece of software but it does take some learning.
R is a strict ordering.
R is a structure that defines how to interpolate values of the input array at specified locations.
R is a system for statistical computation and graphics.
R is a temp.
R is a volunteer project after all.
R is about right.
R is also a powerful programming language for creating functions to carry out tailored analyses.
R is also temperature dependent.
R is an assertion called the postcondition .
R is an average of the color rendering ability of eight or more specific colors.
R is an equivalence relation.
R is an example of what is called a field .
R is an integral domain, meaning R has no zero divisors.
R is an isomorphism between R and R .
R is an object which is extremely rich in fractal structures.
R is an upper triangular matrix.
R is antisymmetric if, .
R is antisymmetric.
R is assumed equal to real index value for the initial year.
R is based on a pencil and paper role playing system.
R is called the coefficient of determination.
R is called the ideal gas constant.
R is confluent and strongly-normalizing.
R is constructed from a sum of matrices of rank one.
R is continuous.
R is differentiable.
R is downloadable freely from the internet and the fact adds charm to it.
R is Euclidian means that if xRy and xRz then yRz.
R is even slower to load.
R is expanded to forty eight bits using another table.
R is for . . .
R is for hand-made rugs .
R is for R ichmond, an odd town and great school.
R is for rabbit.
R is for racket.
R is for radiant, with sunshine's smile.
R is for Railway with no running train.
R is for rain.
R is for rainbows.
R is for rap.
R is for ratings, another popular means of dealing with content viewed as harmful to minors.
R is for rats that eat cheese.
R is for rattlesnake that eats snails.
R is for razor sharp teeth that they ate other dinosaurs with.
R is for Reading .
R is for Reading.
R is for Reality.
R is for recess.
R is for Recipes .
R is for recover , for some an emotionally charged word.
R is for recruit and rehearse.
R is for rectangle that has four sides.
R is for red Have a red day and everyone wear red.
R is for refugee.
R is for refurbished.
R is for rehabilitation .
R is for reincarnation, our immortal soul's journey from birth to rebirth.
R is for relationship.
R is for relaxation.
R is for relief.
R is for Remarkable .
R is for Remedy.
R is for repent.
R is for research.
R is for respect and for rip-offs.
R is for response, from both horse and human.
R is for rest.
R is for results.
R is for Results.
R is for rewriting.
R is for rhinosaurus which is big and strong.
R is for Rich little witch.
R is for rickshaw.
R is for rivers.
R is for road.
R is for rock 'n' roll .
R is for rock that holds up Split Rock.
R is for rocks that hold up Split Rock.
R is for roses, Rome, rendezvous, rituals.
R is for rough waves.
R is for royalty.
R is for run Have relay races.
R is for the raging rapids.
R is for the resourcefulness they demonstrate.
R is for the roots of the trees that slow the water down.
R is given by the logistic regression models.
R is included in the set of reached nodes that is eventually returned.
R is indispensible for anyone that uses and interprets data.
R is inherently a constant.
R is irreflexive.
R is known as circumradius , the circle as the circumcircle .
R is length
R is letters.
R is localized specifically to a morphologically distinct part of the cell, the outer segment.
R is maRs.
R is most anxious to sell it.
R is movies.
R is negative, if x o and the center curvature are on the same side of the lens.
R is non empty.
R is notoriously slow in handling for loops.
R is part of alphabets.
R is part of diameters.
R is positive when the center of curvature is in the positive n direction.
R is programming language.
R is published in the fall and spring.
R is reflexive because every positive integer is a factor of itself.
R is reflexive, transitive, and R is transitive.
R is reflexive, transitive, R is transitive, antisymmetric, and R is antisymmetric.
R is reflexive.
R is regular, or short-acting.
R is rolled or trilled, as in Spanish.
R is similar.
R is simply a symbol for the side group.
R is software.
R is stable.
R is surface runoff .
R is symmetric if, .
R is symmetric.
R is television shows.
R is the absolute rotation operator.
R is the bias resistor.
R is the calculated radius of the circle.
R is the correlation coefficient.
R is the cylindrical radius from the center of the galaxy.
R is the distance from the center of the reflector to the focus.
R is the equivalence class lower bound.
R is the fraction of indoor PM that is being deposited per unit time.
R is the input to the base of the common-emitter amplifier.
R is the isotope ratio.
R is the mean rate of star formation averaged over the lifetime of the galaxy.
R is the most important.
R is the number of successes in trials.
R is the only module that contains prices.
R is the probability of scoring runs from each state.
R is the pumping rate into the upper laser level.
R is the radial coordinate.
R is the radial distance from the it x axis.
R is the radius of curvature and f is the focal length.
R is the radius of the port.
R is the rainfall erosivity factor.
R is the ratio of the heat capacity of the tank to the coil.
R is the real line.
R is the real numbers system and includes the rational and irrational numbers.
R is the reals.
R is the relation.
R is the result of the requested operation on the inputs.
R is the result type, which can be any type but an open array type.
R is the robust parameter.
R is the set of all real numbers.
R is the side group.
R is the universal gas constant .
R is the universal gas constant.
R is the upper limit for a hafnium-carbide absorber.
R is the value for the resistor.
R is the very foundation from which other BMWs are derived.
R is to be thrown into the Tower.
R is to respect others.
R is transitive if, .
R is transitive.
R is used to keep the camera behind the character at all times, although sometimes it malfunctions.
R is used to represent the fraction of drug remaining at the end of a dosing interval.
R is used to test the composite null hypothesis that all k individual null hypotheses are true.
R is very important.
R is very readable.
R is well founded.
R is, of course, the ideal gas constant.
R isa length.
R ising interest rates affect more than the economy at large.
R isks analysis.
R isks management.
R makes it extremely difficult to understand codings.
R means radial tire construction.
R means resistance to heat flow.
R means the vpr gene has been removed.
R n is also an integer.
R n is another way to control the position of a ruler.
R Now solve for a using the above equations.
R oasting a Peking duck is an art.
R only provides a command interface and a graphical interface.
R outed is invoked at boot time to manage the network routing tables.
R owns if employment contract a.
R preceding a grade indicates a repeated course.
R projects the population from one generation to the next.
R provides built-in functions to carry out power analysis.
R provides data and data analysis.
R Reach out.
R Read the requirement checklist and criteria carefully.
R refers to hours of recitation.
R refers to resistance and is indicative of vessel resistance.
R Release the previously attached process.
R renames the pointed directory or file.
R represents an alkyl group that bonds to the functional group.
R represents the fluid source-sink term.
R represents the number of red balls.
R represents the organic radical that acts as an oil solubilizing group.
R represents the range of a sub-group, x, the average.
R requests that the residual be analyzed.
R Reset the view.
R Reverse the current sort order.
R Roll the dough with the image of making a flower shape.
R rolls the stack down one position.
R Running the remote task is in control and executing the program.
R say cocurrent 'L' R Here is another example.
R selected species are able to reproduce a lot and reproduce fast tend to be really good dispersers.
R send a reply only to the sender of the message.
R sets the gain and C helps to filter out any mains pickup.
R shows the ion energy distribution.
R Sign up for lecture and one lab time.
R specifies a file revision.
R specifies different things for different moments.
R stands for recommitment .
R stands for recursive.
R stands for recycle, reuse, repeat.
R stands for rejoice.
R stands for releases, check all the clips and buckles and know how they work.
R stands for reliability.
R stands for requirement.
R stands for resentment .
R stands for resistance and is a measure of the insulation's resistance to heat flow.
R stands for resistance, the inverse of conductivity.
R stands for resistance.
R stands for Respecting the environment and the rights of others.
R stands for Results.
R stands for retardation of growth.
R stands for right.
R stands in front of group facing East.
R steps down on the floor near the middle of the step, then the L steps down.
R steps down.
R still dumps core.
R suggests different approaches and possibilities, then provides data.
R suggests examining intervention strategies to help students in low level classes succeed.
R turns into jazz hand and lower all.
R unning a business successfully is a challenge.
R unning costs are very low.
R Use all the questions within a section to determine the number of points to award in that section.
R watches the sunset.
Rs have fewer moving parts, are light weight, and utilize a unique ball bearing design.
Rs is for current limiting.
Rs is non-zero.
Rs is rough.
Rs is the fixed series parasitic resistance of the diode in ohms.
Rs is the tourist price.
Rs is usually a power device because it needs to handle the large cur-rent flowing through it.
Rs Labeled are all the buttons visible from the top of the player.
Rs Set the PC to the absolute address given by the value in register Rs.
R always precedes it.
Most r is part of diameters.
MOst r mothers with one or two baies.
RA training touches upon it barely, if at all.
Raamkali movements are slow and focused in the upper tetrachord.
Rabari women are also expert embroiderers.
Rabari women make mud sculpture themselves.
A rabbi is a spiritual leader
Rabbis are clergymans.
Rabbis are located in synagogues.
Rabbis are spiritual leaders.
Rabbis are titles.
Rabbis serve under contract with their temples, rather than through appointment by higher authority.
All rabbis play a role in community relations.
Many rabbis remain aloof from the people, who then look to non-Jewish sources for inspiration.
Many rabbis start the process a few years before retiring.
Most rabbis are delighted with the campaign.
Most rabbis are happy to have someone go.
Some rabbis allow the couple to add to the text or to devise their own texts.
Some rabbis see no difference between the approaches.
Some rabbis use regular liturgy and supplement it with special reading.
Rabbinic culture is engaged in creating the supreme cultural value, the Torah.
Rabbinic imagination fills in the gap.
Rabbinic interpretation rules the system, while the literal meaning of the text is still honored.
Rabbinic literature is made up of five major kinds of works.
Rabbinic literature represents a massive corpus.
Rabbinic literature shows the same thing.
Rabbinic ordination is required.
Rabbinic perspectives can be more biblical than views held by some believers.
Rabbinic staff is available for all life cycle events.
Rabbinic supervision provides the basis for a consumer's confidence in a butcher.
Many rabbinic teachings are similar.
Rabbinic texts presuppose small independent land-owners.
Rabbinic tradition teaches that all the steps to teshuva are necessary.
Some rabbinical authorities require a symbolic act.
Rabbinical certification is available upon request.
Rabbinical college requires a six-year commitment, including a year of study in Israel.
Rabbinical students are back from their high holiday jobs.
Rabbinical thought is just as condemning homosexuals are to be cut off from the community.
Rabbit agility is another way to enrich the lives of our rabbits.
Some rabbit breeds have body types.
Some rabbit breeds have types.
Some rabbit breeds have years.
Rabbit ears are very sensitive and easily damaged.
Rabbit ears serve functions.
Rabbit ears serve other purposes.
Rabbit ears serve purposes.
Rabbit ears serve survival functions.
Most rabbit ears serve functions.
Most rabbit ears serve other purposes.
Most rabbit ears serve purposes.
Most rabbit ears serve survival functions.
Some rabbit fleas live for months.
Rabbit hair is used in the manufacture of gloves, house slippers, fur collars, and angora.
Rabbit hunting is a good way to start out the youngsters.
Rabbit hunting is fair in old fields and clearcuts.
Rabbit hunting is often good though populations do change tremendously between years.
Rabbit hunting is slow.
Rabbit hunting is something special.
Rabbit hunting is steeped with tradition.
Rabbit island is just behind the ridge Back to the hiking page.
Rabbit Island is on the left.
Rabbit Island stands out as a barren, dry, brown rock.
Rabbit meat can remain infective even after being frozen for several years.
