All doses above are oral unless otherwise stated.
All doses are expressed as free base concentrations of atomoxetine.
All doses are once daily.
Dosage compensation equalizes X chromosome expression in the two sexes .
Dosage compensation equalizes X chromosome expression in the two sexes.
Dosage compensation is less effective in birds than in mammals.
A dosage is an amount
Dosage also varies from patient to patient.
Dosage based on weight is less reliable.
Dosage depends on body weight.
Dosage depends on each patient.
Dosage depends on length of system and degree of grease problem.
Dosage depends on severity of disease.
Dosage depends on the anesthetic used, individual needs, and responses.
Dosage depends on the animal's size.
Dosage depends on the condition being treated.
Dosage depends on the infection being treated.
Dosage depends on the patient's age, weight, gender, and general health.
Dosage depends on the size of the animal.
Dosage depends on vital signs and mental status.
Dosage is a once a month tablet.
Dosage is adjusted according to the patient's response and the appearance of adverse reactions.
Dosage is adjusted based upon blood levels of electrolytes.
Dosage is adjusted for the individual patient.
Dosage is adjusted.
Dosage is also important.
Dosage is apparently the key here.
Dosage is calculated based on the volume and temperature of the treatment area.
Dosage is changed by moving the dosing blades.
Dosage is correspondingly less in children.
Dosage is defined as concentration integrated over a specific period of exposure.
Dosage is defined as concentration integrated over a specific time period of exposure.
Dosage is dependant on the individual situation and dog.
Dosage is dependent on infection and can be pill or intravenous form.
Dosage is dependent on response to treatment.
Dosage is dependent upon the condition and tolerance of the patient.
Dosage is determined by the horses body weight.
Dosage is determined in the physician's office.
Dosage is difficult to control.
Dosage is easy to adjust, and pastes are well suited to be part of a regular drench program.
Dosage is four times per day.
Dosage is generally twice daily.
Dosage is highly individualized.
Dosage is important.
Dosage is individual.
Dosage is obviously crucial.
Dosage is once a month.
Dosage is one or two per day.
Dosage is one tablet a day.
Dosage is the amount of chemical per unit of body weight.
Dosage is the least critical aspect of the therapy.
Dosage is the tricky thing, as always.
Dosage is two tablets a day for three weeks.
Dosage is two to three capsules.
Dosage is two to three tablets every four hours or as needed.
Dosage is usually double that used for other nematodes.
Dosage is, f course, a function of both concentration and time of exposure.
Dosage is, of course, a function of both concentration and time of exposure.
Dosage Use regularly several times a day.
Dosage varies according to age, sex, condition, and similar factors.
Dosage varies according to strength and brand of the enzymes.
Dosage varies according to the individual.
Dosage varies and is patient specific.
Dosage varies by procedure.
Dosage varies considerably according to patient needs and duration of treatment.
Dosage varies depending on the type of infection.
Dosage varies from person to person, so follow the instructions on the product.
Dosage varies widely depending on condition.
Dosage varies with the location of the mycoplasma.
Dosage works immediately.
Dosage works slowly.
Dosages also vary widely.
Dosages are adjusted until the desired clinical effect is achieved.
Dosages are age specific.
Dosages are age-specific.
Dosages are for capsules and oral suspension.
Dosages are for the oral form only.
Dosages are general guidelines only.
Dosages are the same as in non-pregnant patients for each stage of syphilis.
Dosages are too high.
Dosages are well below therapeutic levels.
Dosages below are for the oral preparations.
Dosages can be incorrect, as when a child is given medication in an adult strength.
Dosages given are only guidelines.
Dosages given are the recommended starting dosages.
Dosages indicated are for adults.
Dosages range from one-half to two teaspoons per gallon.
Dosages shown here are for oral tablets or solution only.
Dosages used by athletes can be much higher.
Dosages vary according to body weight.
Dosages vary according to brand names.
Dosages vary according to therapeutic effect required.
Dosages vary depending on disease.
Any dosage causes some insomnia for at least one night.
Any dosage is considered unsafe.
Dose equivalent is the product of the absorbed dose and the QF for that type of radiation.
Dose profile is provided and graphed.
A dose rate is a rate
Dose rate is defined as energy absorbed per unit mass per unit time .
Dose rate is the dose of radiation per unit time.
Dose rates are expessed as multiples of sea level.
Dose rates are for the active ingredient.
Dose rates are in the table below.
Dose rates are rates.
Dose rates rise gradually as soil dries out.
Dose reconstruction is a challenge, especially for the population, but it is proving feasible.
Dose responses follow patterns.
Dose responses follow typical patterns.
Most dose responses follow patterns.
Most dose responses follow typical patterns.
Dose titration analyses produce different results, depending on the calculation method used.
Dose titration is indicated in otherwise unresponsive cases.
Dose titration is recommended in the elderly.
A dose is medicine
Dose depends on bleeding severity.
Dose depends on organic material, etc in water.
Dose depends on patient.
Dose depends on severity.
Dose depends on size of ulcer area.
Dose depends on the fluid requirement and urinary output.
Dose depends on type of preparation.
Dose depends on weight.
Dose depends upon brand.
Dose is from one to six teaspoonfuls.
Dose is proportional to current density and exposure time.
Dose isa medication.
Dose limiting toxicity usually occurs after a month.
Dose needs to be adjusted for renal function.
Dose needs to be individually adjusted.
Dose ranges for medicines used to treat severe pain vary according to the individual.
Dose varies considerably depending upon the animals temperament and stage of excitement.
Dose varies widely based on condition.
Dose varies widely between individuals.
Dose varies with product used.
Dose varies with the product used.
Doses are from both electrons and photons.
Doses are in terms of the base.
Doses are medicine.
Doses are smaller and available more frequently, which helps prevent sleepiness and weakness.
Doses continue to be lowered.
Doses used also vary, as do the number of times a day oral tablets are taken.
Doses vary by condition.
Doses vary considerably with the size, health condition, age and even breed of animal.
Doses vary quite widely, but even high dosages have few side effects.
All doses refer to the base and the same vehicle as the drug in each case.
Every dose is guaranteed and certified to contain the full amount of active ingredients.
Most doses are in the millirem range.
A dosimeter is an instrument
Dosimeters are available on demand throughout the year.
Dosimeters are dose rate independent.
Dosimeters are in general issued for a two month wearing period.
Dosimeters provide a long-term measure of the worker's noise exposure.
Dosing recommendations vary depending on the indication.
A dossier is a record
Dossiers are also available for volunteers.
Dossiers are available on seven individual vendors.
All dossiers are for reference only.
Dostoevsky novels are ultimately dialogic.
Dot biz is the first Internet domain dedicated solely to the needs of businesses around the world.
Dot charts show correlation and large data sets.
Dot crawl occurs when two contrasting colors are horizontally adjacent to each other.
Dot crawl sucks big-time.
Dot files are files and directories whose names begin with a period.
Dot gain is a critical variable in halftone reproduction.
Dot gain is almost the same for each color.
Dot gain is expressed as a percentage that varies according to the factors given above.
Dot gain is higher on more absorbent, uncoated paper stock such as newsprint.
Dot gain is highest here.
Dot gain is the amount that an ink dot spreads out - after it hits the substrate.
Dot leaders are a special type of tab.
A dot matrix is a matrix
Dot matrix has the lowest resolution, laser the highest.
Dot matrix is undesirable, and most ink jet printers have a fuzzy edge surrounding each letter.
Dot net has a certain ring to it.
Dot pitch indicates how closely the pixels are spaced apart on the screen.
Dot pitch is another ruling factor of image quality, the lower the number the tighter images appear.
Dot pitch is measured in millimeters and, in general, smaller is better.
Dot pitch is measured in millimeters.
Dot pitch is often the reason why a computer monitor is so expensive or so cheap.
Dot pitch is only one consideration.
Dot pitch is the distance between individual pixel elements of the screen that produce the picture.
Dot pitch is the distance between two like-colored phosphor dots.
Dot pitch measures how far apart the individual dots of the same color are on the monitor's screen.
Dot pitch measures the space between pixels.
Dot pitch refers to the distance between two same-colored red, green or blue phosphor screen dots.
Dot pitch relates directly to the image quality of a monitor.
Dot points require no further punctuation.
Dot points Use plain English.
A dot is a disk
Dot also assesses young young deaf people going forward to further and higher education.
Dot also loves to dress up in funny wigs, hats, and ties.
Dot apples with butter.
Dot apples with cranberries evenly around the top.
Dot apples with margarine.
Dot calls on one group.
Dot can even provide forms in applications where previously only line printing was available.
Dot cards a simply cards with dot stickers of a single colour stuck on one side.
Dot climbs out of a hole in the ground.
Dot collapses on the floor in the rec.
Dot cuts the chicken in quarters to serve four people.
Dot gain considerations for offset printing.
Dot gives the dancing team some encouragement.
Dot has green skin and black hair.
Dot has to be patient.
Dot hopes for a new data compression unit, or a quantum business network maximizer.
Dot indicates area shown in photo.
Dot is a collector of all types of teddy bears.
Dot is a girl who is threatening to go out on a date with a man called Exit.
Dot is a talented artist and painter.
Dot is an awesome team player to go over to second.
Dot is as apt to wandah west as east.
Dot is found commonly.
Dot is in command of the rebel forces.
Dot is nervous as they go through the final door into a vast auditorium filled with binomes.
Dot is one of the leaders of Mainframe, the system which they inhabit.
Dot is our middle name.
Dot is quicker than period.
Dot is stubbornly down to earth.
Dot is the file room supervisor.
Dot is the tiny speck among infinity, but is all things within.
Dot isa disk.
Dot isa saucer.
Dot knows how to have fun during a Michigan winter.
Dot likes corners.
Dot looks at the stray sheep.
Dot moves the sheep through the gap.
Dot pears with brown sugar and light margarine or butter and broil for a meat accompaniment.
Dot raisins on the filling.
Dot refers to the current directory, and therefore is a link to itself.
Dot regularly does Heritage paddles by commission.
Dot sees that all the binomes now wear Megabyte's blue color.
Dot swings a few steps counterclockwise, unhappily, resisting leaving the balance point .
Dot takes five prescription drug medications.
Dot then has to fill a target with a squirt gun faster than the User can.
Dot tomatoes with butter.
Dot tops with butter.
Dot turns into one mean mother and fights back.
Dot wedges with butter.
Dots are color-coded according to earthquake depth.
Dots are data samples from the surfaces of humerus, ulna and radius.
Dots are essentially a safer, though uglier, bet.
Dots are 'Fire Branded' and can be personalized.
Dots are intraepithelial microcysts that contain nuclear, cytoplasmic, and lipid debris.
Dots are irrigation wells.
Dots are locations of buried radiocarbon-dated soils, peat and forests.
Dots are now a bit more sparse.
Dots are optional for most call numbers.
Dots are periods.
Dots are points.
Dots are short pulses of electrical current compared to the longer dash pulses.
Dots are small sized and sharply defined, and are fixed as to size and number.
Dots are small web applets that make finding stuff on the web easy.
Dots are specks.
Dots are the barrier.
Dots are the unit used to measure the resolution of the printed image.
Dots are visible to the naked eye.
Dots become lines, blurring and overlapping in spatially complex compositions.
Dots can be any size, any color, realistic or abstract, old or new.
Dots can represent a color.
DOTs carry out state policies.
Dots close together separate slower than dots further apart.
Dots close together.
Dots come in packages of one color or assorted.
Dots delivers colorful imagery and compelling views.
Dots depict a spiral of favorable van der Waals contacts made to surrounding atoms.
Dots follow from left to right and top to bottom.
DOTS get people back to school, work and their families.
Dots identify identical words.
Dots indicate absence of current research.
Dots indicate additional information.
Dots indicate archeological sites.
Dots indicate data points.
Dots indicate grab sample locations projected along the dune trend onto the profile line.
Dots indicate individual brighness measures and continuous line is average of three measures.
Dots indicate locality records based on verified museum specimens.
Dots indicate marked courses.
Dots indicate presence.
Dots indicate that there are more things of the same kind in some category.
Dots indicate the dimensions of individual seedlings.
Dots indicate the every six hour movement of the storm center.
Dots indicate the faculty involved in each research area.
Dots indicate the initial points.
Dots indicate the location of the peptide used to raise antiserum.
Dots indicate the maximum depth of stack used.
Dots indicate the number of crossovers per bin.
Dots indicate the presence of unrecognized letters.
Dots indicate water monitoring stations.
DOTs inspect to save bridges.
Dots is a game that has simple rules, but like many others, strategy can take some time to learn.
Dots is a game with a grid of dots placed on the board.
Dots is a strategy game.
Dots is spots up close.
Dots Join the dots and try to complete more squares than the computer.
Dots just keep on repeating in time with simple beats.
Dots mark common binocular models.
Dots mark Devonian coral-bearing exposures.
Dots mark the intersection between the vertical grid lines and the bubble interface.
Dots mean locations of sensors.
Dots represent DDT and arrows show small losses through respiration and excretion.
Dots represent derivatives with respect to time.
Dots represent fixations.
Dots represent gaps introduced to maximize the alignment.
Dots represent individual animals living off home ranges.
Dots represent locations of people within the zip code, as placed by the given method.
Dots represent minor words, such as a, an, the, etc.
Dots represent PACC Chapter locations.
Dots represent the results obtained using the first method as described in the text.
Dots represent valance electrons.
Dots scattered over the picture surface unify the composition visually.
Dots separate the first name or initial, middle name or initial, and last name.
Dots separate the parts of a domain name.
Dots show localities where detailed stratigraphic information was collected.
Dots show position of recording stations.
Dots show rain gage locations.
Dots show the hub.
Dots show the location of receiver points.
Dots show where the fingers go, and thick horizontal lines indicate barres.
Dots stand for a decimal point.
Dots symbolize that from sorrow comes unexpected blessings.
Dots often represent cities and segments the roads between cities.
Dot sometimes wears glasses, and is something of a workaholic.
Every dot gets the color of the atom it is situated closest to.
Every dot is based on an actual observation.
Every dot is in the right place all the time.
Every dot moves away from every other dot, emulating the behavior of galaxies in our universe.
Every dot shows the enrooted fibreglas that is shot in the blank.
Many Dots Create pictures and patterns by changing the colors of dots, beads, and triangles.
Many Dots Create pictures by changing the colors of dots.
More dots indicate more lightning activity, signaling a more severe storm.
More dots means more memory and slower output.
Most dots indicate presence.
Most dots represent counties.
Some dots are a little higher or lower, and some are a lot higher or lower.
Some dots represent locations.
Some dots represent more than one plot.
Some dots represent positions.
Some dots show locations.
Dotplot programs are excellent for showing many kinds of repeats.
Dotted areas indicate variation in length of style and in positions of stamens.
Dotted areas show currents of water drawn from the front.
Dotted arrows indicate the volume changes of air sacs.
Dotted bars indicate optional applications.
Dotted border indicates classical lymphadenectomy limits.
Dotted border is sometimes incomplete.
Dotted circles shows the turning point.
Dotted contours are negative.
Dotted curve shows blackbody spectrum.
Dotted curve shows charge density distribution.
Dotted eigenvalues are virtual orbitals - LUMO is therefore at the bottom of the dotted lines.
Dotted examples reinforce learning.
Dotted horsemint is a source of thymol, which is an anti-bacterial essential oil.
A dotted line is a line
Dotted line are best fitted stellar models.
Dotted line happens, indicating the animation has no ending point.
Dotted line indicates branching relations uncertain.
Dotted line indicates no males of that mated status present.
Dotted line indicates salt-bridge observed in crystal structure.
Dotted line indicates the outline of the radial nerve cord.
Dotted line indicates the proposed increase in the minimum wage.
Dotted line indicates the separation between neritic and oceanic stations.
Dotted line indicates tip of retracted prepuce.
Dotted line is forward right side cargo door.
Dotted line is global fit.
Dotted line is hidden contact behind Whistler Mountain.
Dotted line is the ecliptic.
Dotted line is time for scaled problem, i.e., largest size problem that fits on given machine size.
Dotted line is with Long protection grid and normal line with Short protection grid.
Dotted line represents areas where distribution is uncertain.
Dotted line represents Fermi electrons.
Dotted line shows the preferred falling edge shape, but the triangle shape is acceptable.
Dotted lines appear below hidden text on-screen.
Dotted lines appear on the Web page to indicate where shared borders are located.
Dotted lines are approximate boundaries between tiger subspecies studied here.
Dotted lines are best-fit exponential models.
Dotted lines are canoe routes.
Dotted lines are county borders.
Dotted lines are divisions between words within a clue.
Dotted lines are guides to the eyes.
Dotted lines are lines.
Dotted lines are negative.
Dotted lines are patterns.
Dotted lines are plus-minus one standard deviation.
Dotted lines are projected levels.
Dotted lines are roads or trails.
Dotted lines are seams.
Dotted lines are target ranges or represent growth ranges and are for reference only.
Dotted lines are target ranges.
Dotted lines are used to join gaps without information.
Dotted lines connect air volumes originally adjacent.
Dotted lines connect the points in scan order.
Dotted lines depict the grid used for the inversion.
Dotted lines help to identify equivalent regions in different frequency maps.
Dotted lines indicate folds.
Dotted lines indicate optional features or items that are above or below other object.
Dotted lines indicate original heights, where data are available.
Dotted lines indicate projections.
Dotted lines indicate standard TV screen format.
Dotted lines indicate the assumed stellar continua and the individual component contributions.
Dotted lines indicate the desired properties of a nonconventional concrete.
Dotted lines indicate the old triangulation.
Dotted lines indicate the path of the robot.
Dotted lines indicate the prediction's range of error.
Dotted lines indicate the schematic outlines of clustered strips.
Dotted lines indicate thick center panel.
Dotted lines indicate uncertainty.
Dotted lines indicate which lice parasitize which host.
Dotted lines interpolate missing data points.
Dotted lines mark all the state boundaries.
Dotted lines mark the discretization of the inverted area.
Dotted lines represent boundaries between grain mantle and core.
Dotted lines represent boundaries of boxes used to represent the domain.
Dotted lines represent crane's swing when in motion.
Dotted lines represent deformation bands.
Dotted lines represent electrical connections.
Dotted lines represent field directions in the opposite hemisphere.
Dotted lines represent growth in levels and are for reference only.
Dotted lines represent growth ranges and are for reference only.
Dotted lines represent growth rates and are for reference only.
Dotted lines represent isopachs of pyroclastic fall from the eruptions of Mount Mazama.
Dotted lines represent provincial boundaries between northern, central and southern regions.
Dotted lines represent P-value thresholds.
Dotted lines represent the area of sectioned taste buds.
Dotted lines represent the outline of the sample taste buds.
Dotted lines represent uncertainties in dating.
Dotted lines represent underground or covered passage-ways.
Dotted lines represent video traffic, solid lines represent data traffic.
Dotted lines show current values, zero to one, left to right.
Dotted lines show line of sight to the ball at equal temporal intervals.
Dotted lines show passes and arrows indicate movement.
Dotted lines show the boundaries of frames and page margins.
Dotted lines show the trails to the lake.
Dotted lines surround the areas that the student needs to practice specifically.
Dotted outlines indicate collapsed structures.
Dotted outlines represent collapsed structures. .
Dotted outlines show where to place stickers.
Dotted pairs are sometimes handy.
Dotted rhythms are good too.
Dotted ties can be a conservative touch or a fashion nightmare.
Double A is a licensed used bus dealer, licensed repair facility, and licensed towing service.
Double A is an extraordinary transportation company.
Double A is and always has been a U.S. based corporation.
A double agent is a spy
Double Agent is harmless to plumbing when used as directed, melts grease and dissolves hair.
Double agents are spies.
Double agents are the name of the game in Iraq now.
Double agents seek aid Their demands are ignored by the government.
Double arrays are convenient for two-channel instruments.
Double arrows appear below the vertical scroll bar.
Double arrows indicate the uterine horns.
Double arrows move all.
Double arrows move to end or beginning of database.
Double arrows show how several factors interact at the same level.
Double arrowheads point to longitudinal nerve tracts.
Double Articulation is redundant.
Double attack Get within striking distance of the staff during combat.
Double attention is involved.
Double axles add strength.
Double backstays allow free access to the swim platform.
Double ball raceway for ease of swivel.
Double bands help identify band sizes.
Double banking can be dangerous for the balls.
A double bar is a bar line
Double bars are satin finished on one side.
Double barrels can be the most expensive, but some hunters prefer their feel and simplicity.
Double bascules have two portions of roadway hinged up from opposite sides of the channel.
Double bass drumming is an important technique in many heavy metal genres.
Double bearings provide excellent reliability.
A double bed is a bed
Double beds are available.
Double beds are more common on the newer ships in the higher category.
Double bedroom has overhead roof hoist and accessible bathroom adjacent.
Double bedroom has private sitting area with small bay view.
Every double bedroom has a private shower room with full en-suite facilities.
Double belt fits around the thighs.
Some double bends have water tubes.
Double benefits are also payable for confinement in an intensive care unit of a hospital.
Double berth is curtained off.
Double Billing is the term for billing two separate clients for work done at the same time.
Double billing occurs when the client is billed twice for the same work.
A double bind is dilemma
Double binds are ineluctable cyclical absurdities which are irremediable on their own terms.
Double binds are the normal experience for women within a patriarchal social organization.
Double Bit starts with a brave climb away from the ravine and toward Mount Mansfield.
Double blazes indicate a change in the trail's direction.
Double blazes indicate a change of direction in the trail.
Double blazes indicate a turn in the trail.
Double blazes indicate caution, usually meaning a turn in the trail.
Double blazes represent a sharp change in trail direction.
A double blind is a trial
Double blind is better because it removes an element of bias.
Double blinds shout the orthodox vets in support of their laboratory tests.
Double blooms are a soft rosy-pink, produced in quantity on a tidy shrub.
Double blooms repeat in heavy cycles.
Double boat slip.
Double bogey is the highest score.
Double bogeys can take the juice out of a round.
A double boiler is a pan
Double boilers are handy here.
A double bond is a covalent bond
Double bond means two pair of electrons are shared.
Double bonds are covalent bonds.
Double bonds are stronger than single bonds and double bonds are also shorter.
Double bonds make more fluid, cholesterol makes less fluid.
Double bonds occupy more space than single bonds.
Double booking is eliminated and scheduling conflicts handled automatically.
Double booking shows the crew as being paid wages much higher than they are actually receiving.
Double booking shows the crew being paid wages much higher than they are actually receiving.
Double Bottoms Meet the most effective pattern in technical analysis.
Double box is larger, holding more product.
Double broods are more common in the southern portion of the starlings' range.
Double broods are rare.
Double bubbles minimize.
Double buffer is also useful but it's another matter.
Double bull counts for two points whenever bullseye is the target.
Double burst refers to the practice of running a television show twice during a set period of time.
Double Busters create the soundfield diffusion that is the hallmark of a great acoustical space.
Double Cabs are loved in South Africa because they match our active lifestyles.
Double cabins tend to be quieter than singles or houses.
Some double cabins are studios with a kitchenette.
Some double cabins have fold-down berths, a popular feature with families.
Double cages are limited.
Double carrier has two pockets for lip products and a pocket for a mirror, cards or money.
Double cases have two wells, with an image in each.
Double cassettes count as two items.
Double casting is ill advised.
Double categories are categories internal to the category of small categories.
Double category create Fixed bug with two categories being created for manual category addition.
A double check is a check
Double check addresses for correct spelling and capitalization.
Double check dates against a calendar to make sure that the day and date match up.
Double check dates, spelling, punctuation, etc.
Double cheekpieces are accented with latigo leather overlays.
Double chiasmus is the rarest type of chiasmus and, in some ways, is the most impressive.
A double chin is a chin
Most double chins are just extra fat.
Double circles indicate a stop on more than one route.
Double click add new hardware.
Double click enters the page.
Double click get.
Double click iTunes.pkg to run the installer.
Double click lets user edit an item.
Double click Make new Connection .
Double click means clicking twice on the left button.
Double click means to move the mouse pointer too, but press the left mouse button twice , very fast.
Double click shows an options dialog box ,and middle click changes the drive.
Double clicks act as an accelerator for selecting an item in the list and pressing a button.
Double closets provide storage and make an archway to the center Hallway.
Double cloves are common.
Double cloves are rare.
Double coat is entirely black, white or black and white in any mixed proportions.
Double coat is medium length and straight to slightly wavy.
Double coat stands out from body due to density.
Double color is a staple to be worn head to toe.
Every double compartment has a toilet and a sink.
Double concentrations are also available.
Double concentrations require completion of all requirements for two different fields.
Double Condiment Set each bowl approx.
Double consciousness runs rampant.
Double consonants are another tricky maneuver.
Double consonants have the same indication in each order.
Most double consonants occur because the prefix is assimilated.
Double contacts offer high reliability.
Double contacts offers high reliability.
Double convolution allows choice of effective areas to suit range at time of assembly.
Double corner is on the left of each player.
Double corner is on the right of each player.
Double corners are on the left side.
Double cousins share both sets of grandparents in common.
Double cream is cheese
Double cream is heavy cream.
Double credit is given for time spent writing.
Double crochet is a stitch
Double crochet is used in the same manner as single crochet, but is twice the width.
Double crossovers are very useful for determining map order.
Double cube is a PROfessional gambler.
Double Cubes organize larger items like sweatshirts and jeans.
Double cuff seals out water at the wrist.
Double cutaway provides excellent access.
Double cutting provides a neatly fitted edge.
Double D can provide the extra service to our customers.
Double Daffodils come in both single and multiple blooms and are good for bedding and picking.
A double date is a date
Double dates are twice as lucky, so plan one for tonight.
Double data is accessed via the dval array.
Double Death Turn on all weapons and infinite ammo.
Double deck offers lovely view of countryside.
Double degrees are a popular option for many students.
Double Denial is a ticket to hell or insanity.
Double depression can cause a lot more disability and lifelong problems for the sufferer.
Double depression is major depression with dysthymic disorder.
Double diamonds indicate a change of direction and are placed one above another.
Double differences are largely independent of receiver clock errors.
Double differences have the important advantage of still containing the initial integer ambiguities.
Double digests can help.
Double digging involves removing the top layer of soil, so that the next layer can be loosened.
Double digging is a good way to prepare a new garden bed.
Double digging is difficult and time consuming, but well worth the effort.
Double dildos seem to be in style also.
Double diorama showing the prairie before and after the railroad comes to the area.
Double discs are double the applicable price.
Double discs are usually indulgent wastes of recording space.
Any double disc runs that risk.
Some double discs contain proteins.
Double disruption equals elimination.
Double dog dare ya.
A double door is a door
Double door seals for all the peace and quiet of a luxury automobile.
Double doors allow easy movement of exhibits.
Double doors allow entry to the adjacent Ontario room where pre-dinner receptions can be hosted.
Double doors are doors.
Double doors are to have a center post mullion.
Double doors give access to the after deck.
Double doors give way to a quiet study with a fireplace and built-in bookshelves.
Double doors lead from the loft to a master suite with volume ceilings and a walk-in closet.
Double doors lead into a spacious dressing area with a soaking tub, vaulted ceiling and skylight.
Double doors lead into the diningroom which has a fine mantelpiece and hearth.
Double doors lead out to the back yard and three octagonal cedar decks.
Double doors lead to a diningroom, which has French doors to a paved terrace.
Double doors lead to a private sitting room with rugged canyon views.
Double doors lead to a roomy unfinished area offering a door to the back yard.
Double doors lead to the bathroom with double basin, marble vanity and a walk-in closet.
Double doors mark the entrance to the sitting room and the private master quarters.
Double doors open up into the kitchen.
Double doors provide access to an inviting deck or patio.
Double doors separate the two central halls.
Double doors swing inward to reveal the master bedroom, like a grand entrance.
Double doors swing open into a wide living room, one of only two rooms on the ground floor.
Most double doors have a fixed door.
Most double doors have an active and an inactive or fixed door.
Double doorway opens into room with two-person whirlpool tub and dressing table.
All double downs receive one card.
Double downside is that much soya is now genetically modified.
Double elastics are available.
Double elbows allow extra durability and sleeves have take-up button cuffs.
Double elimination continues at selected sites.
Double elimination is usually best of three races or best of five races.
A double entry is a clerking
Double entries are bookkeeping.
Double entries have to be hand deleted.
Double entry is for aging accountants.
Double entry requires two entries per transaction which provides cross checks and decreases errors.
Double entry visas for people requiring visas for re-entry into Zimbabwe.
Double events are vertical chop, horizontal chop and quarter split.
Double exhalation valves for easier breathing.
Double Exposure asks profound and provocative questions.
Double exposure is used for ghostly appearances or slow motion for the feeling of a dream.
A double fault is a fault
Double faults result in a point for the other team.
A double feature is a game
Double features are one ticket price for both films.
Double features count as one screening for subscription passes.
Double features emerge as a way for the unemployed to occupy time.
All double features are two for the price of one.
Double fertilization is a process unique to angiosperms.
Double fertilization is a special derived trait of the flowering plants.
Double fertilization is unique to angiosperms.
Double fertilization means both sperm fertilize.
Double fertilization occurs in angiosperms.
Double fertilization occurs.
Double fertilization produces a zygote and endosperm, a nutritive tissue.
Double fertilization provides nourishment.
Double fertilization results in production.
Most double fertilization provides nourishment.
Some double fertilization occurs in angiosperms.
Double figures are artifacts of changes in statistical methods or of contradictory information.
Double filters provide cool beam.
Double fireplaces warm both living and family rooms, while lots of windows capture the light.
Double flaps keep out the rain, even when over-stuffed.
Double flowers look like carnations.
Double flowers occur when the nectaries extend and become flattened, looking like sepals.
Double flowers open white and change to dark pink by evening.
Double flowers resemble hollyhocks.
Most double flowers are diploids.
Most double flowers resemble hollyhocks.
Double forfeit is just what it says.
Double fountains add water movement and a Japanese lantern compliments the oriental style.
Double G offers solutions for all types of businesses and professionals.
Double garage has keypad entry and garage door openers.
Double garage is detached with covered breezeway to house.
Double garage is over size with heated and plumbed hobby room.
Double gates lead into the back garden from the drive.
Double Gems have two new additions to the treasure chest.
Double gold is a coneflower
Double Gold is a unanimous gold medal judgement amoung the five panelists.
Double gold means all four tasters in the group agreed that it was a gold medal winner.
Double handles snap together with leather keeper.
Double header equals double duty.
Double header trains Art.
Double highways turn around each other like two pieces of gum pulled flat and cut.
Double hits are legal because it is a hard driven ball.
Double hollyhocks produce double blossoms with pompom centers.
Double hulls provide more protection against oil leaking after and accident.
Double Image are creative internet web site designers who charge excellent rates.
Double Image is fresh, inventive, gripping suspense.
Double Impact Find the word, in the word, that is the meaning of the word.
Double incontinence is possible where a person experiences both urinary and fecal incontinence.
Double indemnity is a clause
Double Indemnity is a trial in the court of public opinion.
Double Indemnity ranks with the classics of mainstream Hollywood movie-making.
Double indentation is unnecessary.
All double index fall over top, R fist punch.
Double insulation is more convenient.
Double insulation provides a visual que for tool failure.
Double intent is recognized.
Double issue counts as two issues for ordering purposes.
Double issues count as one issue.
Double jackscrews allow for reforming pressure to be applied to either side of the weld.
A double jeopardy is a prosecution
Double jeopardies are prosecutions.
Double jeopardy applies to successive punishments, as well as successive prosecutions.
Double jeopardy bars additional punishment and successive prosecutions for the same offense.
Double jeopardy bars multiple convictions for the same offense where the conduct is continuous.
Double jeopardy is a constitutional protection against being tried twice for the same offense.
Double jeopardy is forbidden by the Constitution.
Double jeopardy means a defendant is tried for the same crime twice.
Double jeopardy prevents it from doing so.
Double kayaks are also available.
Double kayaks are available upon request.
Double kayaks are the same rate as canoes.
Double kayaks can accommodate medium or large size dry-bags .
Double kills are losses for each fencer.
A double knit is a knit
Double knits look very similar to interlock knits but are heavier and more stable.
Double knockout lands a breast cancer gene .
Double knockout lands a breast cancer gene.
Double layers are potential steps.
Double layers consist of layers.
Double layers have special prominence in the field of astrophysics.
Most double layers consist of layers.
Double layout See the skill .
Double lessons count the same as two lessons.
Double letter pairs easy to spot.
Double letters are especially helpful.
Double letters are no exception.
Double letters are water bodies.
Double letters count only once.
Double Lives is the first of a series that shows promise and ingenuity.
Double lifelines wrap the entire deck.
Double light oak chests of drawers and large closet make up the rest of the decor.
Double line means negative and single line means positive for the presence of drugs.
Double lines indicate grouping as per the subsections above.
Double lines remain parallel because of the double graver.
Double lines rep- resent the average maximum and average minimum temperatures.
Double lines symbolize strong bonds, single lines symbolize weak bonds.
Double listings are subject to a fine.
Double locks make it twice as hard.
Double lot equals just about an acre.
Double lowers make it easier for two people and a crane operator to step the mast.
Double majors are also possible, either with two languages or with another discipline.
Double majors are common.
Double majors are frequent, and some departments offer minors.
Double majors are open to virtually all fields.
Double majors are possible in many departments.
Double majors are possible in most departments and schools.
Double majors are possible.
Double majors combining the languages with some other discipline are also possible.
Double majors fulfill the requirements of two majors within the degree.
Double majors have a hold for each major.
Double majors offer virtually limitless possibilities for meeting a student's diverse interests.
Double Majors receive only one diploma.
Double majors require consultation with both departments concerned.
Double majors require students to complete requirements in both disciplines.
Double majors require very careful planning.
Double majors take no fewer and no more than ten courses in philosophy.
Double marks are for true citations only.
Double marking is an aspect of examining and assessment which is important for a number of reasons.
Double master suites each with it's own bathroom and jetted tub.
Double members have their index number shaded with light blue.
All double merles are defective.
Double mesh is fine mesh inside and coarse outside.
Double messages cause a great deal of confusion.
Double multifloras are most suitable for containers.
Double mutants behave similar to the single gene knockouts.
Double mutants have missing and disorganized longitudinal and commissural axon tracts.
Some double mutation has effects.
Double nationality offers gtreater rights and better guarantees in the two countries.
Double negation is also difficult to understand.
A double negative is affirmative
Double negatives are common.
Double negatives are doubly difficult for international readers.
Double negatives are negatives.
Double negatives are somewhat ear-piercing and easy to identify when read.
Double negatives are very common.
Double negatives make the statement true.
Double nodes produce lateral buds, branches, and adventitious roots.
Double O is one of our tent cabins, and is used for campers during the summer months.
Many double occultation occur quite close to the sun and are therefore difficult to observe.
Double occupancy includes breakfast and river lunch.
Double occupancy is available at a lower rate.
Double occupancy is required.
Some double occupancy are also available.
Double operations help speed delivery and provide additional security.
Double outriggers reduce the cost considerably when electrifying both sides of the fence.
Double ovulations increase the likelihood of twin conception.
Some double pages feature a large central illustration while others contain several smaller ones.
Double pane witndows and storm doors.
Double parking can cause accidents and serious injury to people.
Double parking is forbidden.
Double parking is frequent.
Double parking is never legal nor is it legal to block alleys.
Double parking is the practice of parking one's car next to another car on a street.
Double periods are available for laboratories and other activities requiring large blocks of time.
Double plates have two plate numbers.
Double play is play
Double plays drain the life from an offense.
Double pneumonia is 'a fairly serious disease which can cause complications.
Double pneumonia is pneumonia
Double points are good for specialty stores only.
Double pole means that it has two independent circuits - one for each rail.
Double pole means that there are two switches.
Double post are an annoyance.
Double precision allocates more bits to the exponent.
Double precision allocates more bits to the mantissa.
Double precision is used to store numeric data and for all statistical and arithmetic processing.
Double precision requires twice the storage space, but carries more accuracy.
Double price is based on two golfers sharing one room.
Double projection is possible, but is somewhat inconvenient.
Double projection is possible.
Double questions ask for more than one piece of information in one question.
Double quotes are also to be considered harmful.
Double quotes are for tag attributes only.
Double quotes are quotation marks.
Double quotes have no special meaning for symbols composed of ordinary letters.
Double quotes retrieve words that appear in the same order as typed.
Double quotes suffice in most cases, but single quotes are the safest bet.
Double quoteds are quoteds.
Double rainbows are common.
Double rainbows are fairly common.
Double rates are for two people per room.
Double rates are necessary for the sweet potato whitefly.
Double rates are per person, per night, based on double occupancy per bedroom.
Double rates are per person.
Double redundancy is a good idea, i.e., the marriage of two Figaros.
Double reflector oven is in the foreground.
A double reverse is a reverse
Double reverse pleats, on-seam side pockets, two hip pockets with buttons and button hole.
Double riding is always unsafe.
Double rings indicate a call from outside the campus.
Double rivet keeps the hook on the gaiter through the life of the gaiter.
Double room means a room with a matrimonial bed.
Double room means two persons per room.
Double room suites both with full baths.
Double rooms accommodate two persons.
Double rooms allow residents to live with someone from a different culture.
Double rooms are also avail able upon request.
Double rooms are also available at an extra charge.
Double rooms are also available at slightly higher rates.
Double rooms are also available for single occupancy.
Double rooms are available at an additional fee, restrictions apply.
Double rooms are available at extra cost.
Double rooms are available for single or double occupancy in different categories.
Double rooms are available for students travelling together.
Double rooms are available on a first-come, first served basis.
Double rooms are available on request.
Double rooms are available to couples upon request.
Double rooms are available with one king bed or two twin beds.
Double rooms are available.
Double rooms are for students traveling together only.
Double rooms are for students travelling together only.
Double rooms are for.
Double rooms are larger, and have the same type of furnishing but for two people.
Double rooms are rare.
Double rooms are rooms for two persons.
Double rooms are suite-style and share a connecting bathroom and shower.
Double rooms are the norm.
Double rooms are with one double or two single beds.
Double rooms cost extra.
Double rooms feature two queen beds.
Double rooms have a small balkoon above it.
Double rooms have bath and shower.
Double rooms have either two beds or one bed and a pull-out sofa sleeper.
Double rooms have en-suite bathrooms with bath and shower.
Double rooms have new queen size beds.
Double rooms have their own bathrooms.
Double rooms have twin beds.
Double rooms have two single beds, two desks and two wardrobes.
Double rooms have two twin beds, and all rooms have a private bath.
Double rooms have two windows while single rooms have one window.
Double rooms includes two beds and desks, with central bathing facilities.
Double rooms lead off the main patio.
Double rooms predominate although some singles are available.
Double rooms provide accommodation for two people wishing to share a large bed.
All double room are en-suite.
All double rooms are air-conditioned.
All double rooms are single sex.
All double rooms have large en suite bathrooms.
All double rooms have new queen size beds.
All double rooms have private bathrooms.
All double rooms have two single beds and are rented as either a single or a double room.
Every double room contains a sink.
Every double room includes two twin beds, two chest of drawers, and two desks with chairs.
Many double rooms have a wall plate with seven jacks.
Most double rooms share a bathroom with one other room and very few have private bathrooms.
Some double rooms are available at cheaper rates.
Some double rooms are available to accomodate couples.
Some double rooms are available, at the same costs per person as single rooms.
Some double rooms come with kitchenettes.
Double rope is used when possible.
Double ropes are useful and allow a rappel descent.
Double ropes can be very useful.
Double rotation generates two ad views for every one ad view at regular rotation.
Double rows allow bush varieties to cling and hold up one another.
Double safety begets safe results.
Double seals provide extra protection against extreme heat, cold, blowing sand or snow.
Double seams ensure durability.
Double seats are in original condition.
Double secrets get tricky.
Double sessions is one option.
Some double sessions are available.
Double set comes with mounting bracket and motor.
Double sheet bend The belt and braces version of the sheet bend.
Double sheet bend.
Double Sheets have a white original and a yellow copy.
Double shield prevents digital emissions.
Double shields are available for husband and wife.
Double shocks help control rebound on heavy springs, providing improved ride on rough terrain.
Double shocks limit body roll for better handling.
Double shocks work like sway bars without restricting wheel travel.
Double side latches close box securely and protects from accidental spilling.
Double side slits.
Double sinks are on the right.
Double sinks complete the master ensuite.
Double sites are together, and no vegetation separates the sites.
Double sites are together, meaning no vegetation separates the sites.
Some double sites are available.
Double sizes are available sometimes.
Double slam latch with safety latch on rear door.
Double sliders make a splash around a whirlpool tub.
Double sole is of our World Famous leather.
Double space essays using one inch margins.
Double space footnotes on separate pages following the last page of the text.
Double space is required to preserve the professor's vision.
Double space legends for maps, tables, and other illustrations.
Double space means one full blank line between all typed lines.
Double spaces are available for high volume vendors.
Double spacing is typing.
Double speed halves the application rate.
Double spring is for smooth even cutting action.
Double Spring is surrounded by dense woods with farms to the south.
Double squares mark the height of the flanking walls.
All double squeezes involve three suits that contain threats.
Double stairs lead to the second floor.
Double staircases lead to a second floor gallery walk overlooking the gorgeous great room.
A double standard is ethical code
Double standards abound elsewhere also.
Double standards abound.
Double standards are at work in the media, the scientific community, and the public.
Double standards are ethic.
Double standards are inconsistent with the principles and spirit of affirmative action.
Double standards are inspiration to men of letters, but they are apt to be fatal to politicians.
Double standards are neither ethical nor effective.
Double standards are never defensible.
Double standards are often stronger than logic and empathy.
Double standards are standards.
Double standards are still common.
Double standards are stubborn things.
Double standards are the currency of politics everywhere.
Double standards are the hallmarks of Indian cinema.
Double standards are unfair and counter-productive.
Double standards create a confusion that makes clear internal dialogue impossible.
Double standards die hard.
Double standards do little for all the other small businesses that miss out.
Double standards do operate.
Double standards hold true for all.
Double standards prevail when there is an ulterior motive.
Double standards seem to be apparent again.
A double star is a star
Double stars are a delight through a good refractor.
Double stars are a lot of fun.
Double stars are another beautiful group of objects to see.
Double stars are books.
Double stars are common.
Double stars are great targets from bright school sites, and so are a few large clusters or nebulae.
Double stars are usually very close together.
Double stars are very useful in enabling astronomers to gauge the masses of stars.
Double stars hunting is the favorite task for a zoom.
Double stars look great anywhere.
Double stars offer such a wide variety in colors, contrasts and components.
Many double stars appear single through any telescope.
Many double stars are showcases in even the smallest, cheapest telescopes.
Some double stars are actually optical doubles.
Double staterooms aft in each hull.
Double Steel Hook with ball tips prevents damage to garments.
Double Step is fun and exciting because the movements incorporated are unlimited.
Double step uses the same moves but incorporates the use of two steps.
Double Sticks is a game for two.
Double storm flaps over zippers.
Double straightaways allow sprint and hurdle races on both sides.
Double straps hold bottle securely in bottle pouch.
Double straws are better.
Double strength is used than is recommended for greenfly and blackfly.
Double stroke is similar and occurs when player's tip or cue shaft hits cue ball twice.
Double suicide is romantic.
Double suicides are cases where both parties actively plan out their own deaths.
Double suites are available for large families, please call for details.
Double Take is a fascinating exercise in jettisoning even the pretext of context.
Double take is a response
Double Take is designed to perform highly accurate and fast de-duplication.
Double take is reaction.
Double Take is written in English.
Double talk is an easy and effective way to place a subconscious message.
Double talk is everywhere.
Double talk is expensive.
Double talk is nonsense
Double talk occurs when both sides of a conversation attempt to speak simultaneously.
Double tap is a key interaction on all the desktop scenarios.
Double taxation arises when two tax jurisdictions levy tax on the same income.
Double taxation is also an issue.
Double taxation is the practice of taxing income twice.
Double taxation is the unfortunate result.
Double taxation is wrong.
Double taxation occurs when the same income is taxed in two different countries.
Double teameds are television shows.
Double Tenors play all the difficult lines with all the scales and fiddley bits.
Double termination is a bit more of a stretch in the water analogy.
Double terraces offer panoramic views of the Pacific Ocean.
Double thickness is recommended for a full skirt.
Double threat is a small flaw.
Double tiles comprise just a start field, again marked.
Double time demands Most great athletes play more than one sport in high school.
Double time is a wage
Double time is also payable for any work done on the seventh day.
Double time is charged on all holidays.
Double time is paces.
Double time is wages.
Double teeth appear more frequently in children than adults.
Double teeth are the result of disturbances during embryological tooth formation.
Double toruses are surprising too.
Double track allows trains to run more frequently.
Double track Let's change the last track into double track.
Double tracks require a double check.
Double tracking allows more off-peak service, especially for DFW service.
Double transformations are useful when studying linkage between genes.
Double treatment is usually more effective.
Double triggers offer the simplest, quickest, and most reliable method for instant barrel selection.
Double Trouble is among the finest.
Double Trouble makes a highly regarded North American tour.
Double Trouble try to sign autographs before or after performances.
Double tubes increase the freeboard and prevent the raft from taking too much water.
Double unit means double the capacity.
Double vanities grace the shared bathroom in main house and bathroom in cottage.
Double vanity sink.
Double verandas encircle the front and left side of the house.
Double version provides two disconnects and hardware.
Double vision can also occur and is sometimes the only apparent sign of toxicity.
Double vision can also result.
Double vision can be extremely discomforting.
Double vision can develop in certain positions of gaze.
Double vision can occur as the cataract is forming.
Double vision can occur due to swelling and dysfunction of the eye muscles.
Double vision can occur.
Double vision disappears.
Double vision is a clear warning sign of impending blindness.
Double vision is a common finding.
Double vision is a serious symptom and can be caused by several factors.
Double vision is a very uncomfortable and unacceptable condition for our visual system.
Double Vision is currently out of print.
Double vision is disability
Double vision is temporary.
Double Visions Read more . . .
Double vocals rap over slap bass lines while the guitar players use crunchy, heavy tones.
Double votes are easy to figure.
Double voting is an interesting topic.
Double vowels represent long vowel sounds.
All double vowels are long.
Double W maintains food plots, mineral plots, and automatic feeders year round.
Double wall provides excellent insulation.
Double walls are used to insulate many things, including refrigerators and coolers.
Double walls work well as insulation because air is trapped between the walls.
Double weather stripping with three points of contact creates an airtight seal.
Double weather stripping with three points of contact creates an air-tight seal.
Double weather stripping with three points of contact provides an airtight seal.
Double weddings are usually formal and follow the same rules of dress as any other formal wedding.
Double whammy Trying to weed out ill-equipped teachers by testing alone can create a double whammy.
Double wheels detach for single wheel action.
Double wheels detach, for single wheel action.
Double wheels detatch, for single wheel action.
Double wick ensures an even burn.
Double width is much slower, but more readable under poor conditions, or when the typist is slow.
Double willows are popular for situations demanding maximum flash.
Double wind blows against the ears, hit tiger left and right.
Double windows offer a picturesque view across veranda to landscaped yard.
Double windows provide lots of air flow.
Double windows provide sunset views over Blue Ridge mountains.
Double wings are codominant with no wings.
Double Wishes come in various flavors.
Double words can represent all kinds of different data.
Double work is eliminated and a continuously high quality of data records is ensured.
Double Yellows can develop extensive vocabularies and love to talk.
Double zeroes are the buzz with the millennium.
Double zigzag stitching on the ends insures long life.
Double zipper adjust for the type of rain play.
Double Zippers provide expandable storage.
A double is safety
Doubles adds some interesting strategy twists.
Doubles are a doddle.
Doubles are a suit of their own.
Doubles are basically the same, but more spacious.
Doubles are by special request only.
Doubles are carriage.
Doubles are fast and stable, but lack some of the maneuverability of a single.
Doubles are fry bread ladled with a sauce of chickpeas, cilantro, and hot pepper.
Doubles are laminated cedar.
Doubles are nice and large, choice of two double beds or one king.
Doubles are numbers with decimal points.
Doubles are people.
Doubles are slightly higher.
Doubles are tennis.
Doubles are two single hills that the racers try to jump from the first onto the second.
Doubles can be faster than singles.
Doubles can be men, women, or mixed.
Doubles can get messy and fast, especially when all four players are at the net.
Doubles can sure be fun.
Doubles can vary in form, too.
Doubles contain either a double bed and a sofa-bed or two twin beds.
Doubles count as two of a number and trebles count as three.
Doubles encourages far more social interaction than singles.
Doubles follow the same pattern, with partners preserving the sequence of their serving turns.
Doubles gear life.
Doubles have a more complex situation.
Doubles have king-sized beds, a shower and a balcony.
Doubles have only one addition fact and one subtraction fact in their family.
Doubles have the advantage of increased filtration capacity and greater variety.
Doubles have their own spotless bathroom.
Doubles have two beds, singles have one bed.
Doubles have two double beds.
Doubles hold up to four persons.
Doubles look far better.
Doubles make everyone happy.
Doubles play begins at noon.
Doubles play begins today.
Doubles play is encouraged during high use times.
Doubles play, sandwich buffet, snacks, refreshments and tennis balls provided.
Doubles requires more skill than stamina.
Doubles valve spring life.
Doubles works because of limitations.
Many doubles come up.
Some doubles can carry a phenomenal load.
Doubled cloves are common in some strains, rare in a few.
Doubled haploids are plants generated directly from pollen or egg cells using plant tissue culture.
Doubled parentheses mark accepting states.
Double-decker isa transport.
Double-deckers have (part) sections.
Doublehanded events are to be held in dinghies without spinnakers.
A doubleheader is a game
Doubleheaders are one hour earlier than scheduled time.
Doubles teams are to be put in ranked order.
Doubles teams can often be an afterthought for some schools once singles lineups are set.
Doubles teams consist of any combination of two men, two women, or one of each gender.
Doubles teams consist of two or three players.
A doublet is a jacket
Doublets also occur.
Doublets are jackets.
Doublets are often a sign of two written sources.
Doublets close down the front with small buttons.
Doublets Transform one word into another by changing a single letter.
Doublets Transform one word to another by changing one letter at a time.
A doubleton is a pair
Doubletons win games.
A doubletree is a crossbar
Doubletrees Take A Chance.
Doublings are multiplication.
Doublings are part of card games.
Doublings are raises.
A doubloon is coin
Doubloon isa coin.
Doubloons are aluminum and come in many different colors.
Doubloons are another popular souvenir.
Doubloons are coin.
Doubloons are metal coins that are about the size of a silver dollar.
Doubloons have (part) sections.
Doubt is a state of mind
Doubt is emotion.
Doubt is part of human experience.
Doubt is uncertainty.
Doubt isa condition.
Doubts are all from the devil, and are always untrue.
Doubts are always the enemy of blind dedication, which is so essential for aspiring world champions.
Doubts are dreary things in times of sorrow.
Doubts are for the weak.
Doubts are good.
Doubts are harder to kill than cats or snakes.
Doubts are healthy.
Doubts are like the thistle, a bad weed, but growing in good ground.
Doubts are more pronounced in southern Europe.
Doubts are normal and human and even necessary.
Doubts are normal.
Doubts are self-censored so that an illusion of unanimity occurs.
Doubts are stilled.
Doubts are stong and persistent.
Doubts are the ants in the pants of faith.
Doubts are usually symptoms of something underneath the surface.
Doubts begin to fester.
Doubts begin to set in.
Doubts can come, of course, from genuine intellectual inquiry.
Doubts can get in.
Doubts creep in, though.
Doubts creep in.
Doubts die hard, however.
Doubts favor disqualification.
Doubts linger about compelling incentives for collaborating.
Doubts linger about the wisdom of mixing residential into a proposed downtown business core.
Doubts linger as to the possible adverse effects of releasing novel organisms into the environment.
Doubts nonetheless persist.
Doubts persist, though.
Doubts play a large role.
Doubts remain about the monitoring system, however.
Doubts remain about whether North Korea is really serious or just seeking near-term benefits.
Doubts remain about whether the coalition government has the willpower to change.
Doubts remain however, about the pace of the development.
Doubts remain over the application of the definition.
Doubts slither their way into our thoughts.
Doubts then arise about education s productivity and the efficacy of the investment made in it.
Doubts there can be, of course.
Doubts usually fall into two areas of concern from the buyer' s perspective.
All doubt is laid to rest.
All doubts are to be resolved against exemption and in favor of taxation.
All doubts concerning exemption are to be resolved against the exemption and in favor of taxation.
Any doubt is resolved in favor of finding that a factual issue does exist.
Any doubt is to be resolved in favor of a prospective operation.
Any doubt is to be resolved in favor of prospective application.
Many doubt there are effective means to accomplish major organizational change.
Many doubts still exist as to the financial backers of the group.
More doubts inhibit online gambling.
Much doubt has a root in the intellect.
Some doubt does exist about the actual physical state of the methane.
Some doubt has life.
Some doubt is anchored in a real desire to know.
Some doubt still remains as to the reality of the separation and loss.
Some doubt there's anyone out there to find.
Some doubts are normal.
Some doubts remain, however, about the depth and breadth of the consensus.
Some doubts remain.
A doubter is a person
Doubters abound, but many believe.
Doubters are everywhere.
Doubters are welcome to examine the numbers.
Doubters are welcome.
Doubters are wrong in thinking chaos is the inevitable.
Doubters become champions.
Doubters fault theory finding earlier puberty .
Doubters fault theory finding earlier puberty.
Doubters say Michigan's best is in the past.
Doubters say that the school maintains an unfair advantage in resources.
Doubters still abound.
Doubters wonder what happens to sports teams and clubs, to friendships, to academic standards.
Doubtful decisions are most apt to be challenged.
Doubtful judgments are divided pro- portionately between right and wrong judgments.
Doubtful spectators wonder if their cars are still secure.
Doubtful spellings have a question mark following.
Doubtful things are to be avoided.
Douc langurs are found in Southeast Asian countries of Cambodia, Laos and Vietnam.
Douc langurs are found in tropical rain forest and monsoon forests.
Douc langurs are hunted for food, for use in traditional medicine and for sale as pets.
Douche dogs are good with vinegar.
A douche is irrigation
Douches are irrigation.
Douches can destroy the balance of bacteria and get an infection started.
Douches can help women feel clean and refreshed.
Douches tend to remove the normal bacteria that keep yeast from infecting the vagina.
Dough conditioners can offer similar results with more traditional equipment.
Dough contains sugar.
Dough contains yeast.
Dough has properties.
Dough has resistance.
Dough is made of barley flour.
Dough is made of flour.
Dough is mixture
Dough isa food.
Dough isa nutrient.
Dough makes from flour.
Dough makes from grain.
Dough makes from wheat flour.
Dough modeling is another traditional folk art handed down from ancient times.
Dough rises because of carbon dioxide formed by the action of yeast and baking powder.
Dough rises because of production of carbon dioxide, a gas that has no color or taste.
Dough rises best when placed in one rather than a wide, shallow bowl.
Dough rises best when the top has been rounded and smoothed.
Dough rises slowly.
Dough uses yeast.
Doughs are mixed for one minute and rested for five minutes.
Doughs continue to develop and gain the necessary strength during the first fermentation.
All dough is made on the premises fresh daily.
Most dough contains sugar.
Most dough contains yeast.
Most dough has properties.
Most dough has resistance.
Most dough is made of barley flour.
Most dough is made of flour.
Most dough makes from flour.
Most dough makes from grain.
Most dough makes from wheat flour.
Most dough uses yeast.
Some dough has wheat.
A doughboy is an infantryman
Doughboys cajun and zydeco band relaxing before a gig.
A doughnut is a solid
Doughnut isa shape.
Doughnut recipies of all human emotions.
Doughnuts are best if eaten the same day they are made.
Doughnuts are big business.
Doughnuts are breakfast food.
Doughnuts are food.
Doughnuts are located in stores.
Doughnuts are no longer politically correct.
Doughnuts are sold at doughnut shops , bakeries , or grocery stores .
Doughnuts are sold at doughnut shops, bakeries, or grocery stores.
Doughnuts can boost sugar levels after rides.
Doughnuts can cause health problems if they are eaten too often .
Doughnuts can cause health problems if they are eaten too often.
Doughnuts show up regularly in the coffee room, and every now and again the boss buys lunch.
Some doughnuts are rolled in sweet foods such as sugar or shredded coconut .
Some doughnuts are rolled in sweet foods such as sugar or shredded coconut.
Dought years result in limited nesting success.
A doula is an assistant
Doulas also give assistance to families in finding information about labor options.
Doulas appear to be most effective in the following interactions.
Doulas are flexible to the needs of each family.
Doulas are individuals who provide emotional care and physical comfort for women during childbirth.
Doulas are professional postpartum care providers.
Doulas are relatively new players in the birthing game.
Doulas are special, patient, nurturing women.
Doulas are very well known and used in the States but also in Australia and Ireland apparently.
Doulas are well known for the positive outlook they have on the birthing process.
Doulas are women trained to offer emotional support to mothers during childbirth.
Doulas are women who support the laboring patient.
Doulas assist labouring mothers on an emotional level providing support and physical comfort.
Doulas attend births at home, at the hospital, and at birth centers.
Doulas can provide pregnancy, labor and postpartum support.
Doulas can wash the dishes, make dinner, and do the laundry.
Doulas do no make decisions for their clients.
Doulas fill a void that has existed for generations in our maternity care system.
Doulas help partners help the mother.
Doulas help women and their partners prepare a written birth plan.
Doulas improve the overall experience of women during labor and delivery.
Doulas know their job is to help the woman get through labor and delivery.
Doulas offer a comforting touch with encouraging words throughout the birth process.
Doulas offer a continuous presence in active labor.
Doulas only attend home births.
Doulas provide continuous support to the expecting couple during labor, delivery, and postpartum.
Doulas provide emotional and physical support during pregnancy, labor, birth and postpartum.
Doulas provide non-medical care.
Doulas provide praise, reassurance, comfort, and companionship to women in labor.
Doulas serve as labor coaches and advocates for the woman giving birth.
Doulas speak their language.
Doulas always live outside of the family's home.
Doulas sometimes carry their favorite oils for labor purposes.
Many doulas also provide post-partum care as well.
Many doulas are also childbirth educators who offer private or group classes.
Many doulas remain with the birthing couple for a short time after the birth as well.
Most doulas charge a flat fee for their services, and many base their fees on a sliding scale.
Most doulas use a large canvas bag or a small to medium suitcase on wheels.
Some doulas are also midwives and experienced labor companions.
Some doulas bring tapes or CDs of relaxing music, massage oils, and back-rubbing devices.
Some doulas have nursing degrees.
Dour accounts abound.
A douroucouli is a monkey
Douroucoulis are omnivorous, eating fruits, insects, small birds and small mammals.
Dove chocolate is available in most grocery stores.
Dove chocolates are another favorite.
Dove eggs are white in color.
Dove eggs are white.
Dove Of Peace flies from site to site.
Dove are seasonally abundant, especially in sunflower fields planted on site.
Dove carries two people.
Dove comes to the department with seventeen years experience in Seattle government.
Dove does understand.
Dove is also available for women's issues and discipleship.
Dove is kind of expensive, too.
Dove is sorry.
Dove is user-friendly and quick.
Dove isa pigeon.
Dove poetizes the emotional subject of sickness and death in several poems in the collection.
Dove still feels like it has a role to play in ongoing discussions about beauty and body image.
Doves adapt to fit their habitats, and that includes how they eat and drink.
Doves also eat waste wheat, sorghum, sunflower and rice after the summer harvest.
Doves also have their moments of anger.
Doves also like to ingest agricultural crops.
Doves also prefer tree or shrub rows nearby for roosting.
Doves also stand for the newly baptized.
Doves appear on the tombs of many cultures for various reasons.
Doves are adaptable creatures that live in many different habitats.
Doves are also excellent eating and can be prepared in a wide variety of ways.
Doves are also excellent eating.
Doves are also part of the tradition.
Doves are also sacred symbols for many persons in various other world faith systems.
Doves are animals.
Doves are birds.
Doves are capable of flies.
Doves are emblems.
Doves are fairly quiet and enjoy the company of other doves as well as their humans.
Doves are generally calm birds.
Doves are gentle - harmless.
Doves are ground-feeding birds and pose no threat to agricultural crops in Wisconsin.
Doves are inside nests.
Doves are known as doves.
Doves are magical messengers that bring good luck and fortune.
Doves are members of the pigeon family, so they mate for life, sharing the care of their babies.
Doves are members of the pigeon family.
Doves are migratory game birds, and as such they fall under federal game laws.
Doves are monogamous, meaning that they mate for life in the wild.
Doves are more willing to sit on two plastic eggs rather than one.
Doves are nothing like quail when it comes to needing water.
Doves are on the bottom rung of the food chain with no effective defenses.
Doves are one of the easiest birds to re-nest when a baby has fallen.
Doves are pacifists.
Doves are partial to millet, oats, milo, raw shelled peanut halves and shelled sunflower seeds.
Doves are pigeons.
Doves are pigeons.
Doves are plentiful until cold weather moves in.
Doves are probably the best band in the U.K. at the moment.
Doves are signs of life.
Doves are some of the most well-known game birds in the state.
Doves are strongly monogamous.
Doves are the symbol of Love, Peace and Unity.
Doves are typically seed eaters.
Doves are very gentle natured birds.
Doves are very predictive in their movements.
Doves are widespread groundfeeders.
Doves attract doves.
Doves become legal quarry at noon.
Doves begin chortling and bristling around one's very legs.
Doves begin pairing in early spring.
Doves benefit from conversion of natrual habitats into cultivated areas or pasturelands.
Doves can have difficulties in feeding.
Doves carry little sticks, pine needles, rootless and weed stems to a suitable place on a branch.
Doves carry the energy of promise.
Doves concentrate here.
Doves do better with seed for food.
Doves drink water like pigeons in a continuous draught.
Doves eat food.
Doves eat grain.
Doves eat the seeds of the mistletoe, because they are encased in alluring sticky berries.
Doves enjoy baths.
Doves escaping from the mouths of dying people represent the departure of their souls.
Doves feed almost entirely on seeds of various types, either cultivated or grown naturally.
Doves feed in fields.
Doves feed on grain.
Doves feed on seeds, fruit and plants.
Doves feel wind.
Doves fight and challenge vigorously to establish dominence.
Doves find abundant seeds.
Doves find seeds.
Doves fly over heads.
Doves fly the same flyway in the field over and over again.
Doves has-part legs.
Doves have (part) air sacs.
Doves have (part) bird's feet.
Doves have (part) brains.
Doves have (part) breasts.
Doves have (part) cell membranes.
Doves have (part) cells.
Doves have (part) chest cavities.
Doves have (part) chests.
Doves have (part) corpi.
Doves have (part) cytoplasm.
Doves have (part) ears.
Doves have (part) faces.
Doves have (part) flight feathers.
Doves have (part) heads.
Doves have (part) lips.
Doves have (part) mouths.
Doves have (part) nuclei.
Doves have (part) plasma membranes.
Doves have (part) quill feathers.
Doves have (part) rib cages.
Doves have (part) second joints.
Doves have (part) sections.
Doves have (part) skulls.
Doves have (part) sterna.
Doves have (part) talons.
Doves have (part) vacuoles.
Doves have (part) wishbones.
Doves have a high mortality rate similar to that of other small game wildlife species.
Doves have a smaller body, and they have longer tails.
Doves have a unique ability in that they drink differently than other birds.
Doves have contact.
Doves have instinct.
Doves have wings.
Doves hear doves.
Doves lay eggs.
Doves lift heads.
Doves live in groups.
Doves love to sun themselves.
Doves make sound.
Doves make very poor nests which get blown down easily.
Doves mate for life.
Doves mate for life.
Doves nest in shelter.
Doves never remate.
Doves prefer a light colored water dish over a dark one.
Doves prefer a wide range of seeds.
Doves prefer habitats.
Doves prefer open land and areas of natural grasses.
Doves prefer to feed on bare or nearly bare ground so a mowed, weed field can be attractive.
Doves prefer to nest in trees or shrubs on horizontal limbs.
Doves prefer trees.
Doves produce a high protein food from grain in the form of pigeon milk which is fed to their young.
Doves release eggs.
Doves represent the purity of love, beauty.
Doves reproduce at high rates, but are short-lived and generally survive less than one year.
Doves require water.
Doves see movement very well.
Doves seem to form very tight family bonds.
Doves share habitats.
Doves simply clean up the seeds blackbirds scatter onto the ground.
Doves sit on eggs.
Doves sit on nests.
Doves sit on trees.
Doves soar in clear, crisp air.
Doves spend a lot of time dusting themselves with the loose soil.
Doves stand for peace.
Doves strut around cooing.
Doves symbolize love and peace.
Doves symbolize peace, hope, fidelity, prosperity, good luck and remembrance.
Doves tend to build flimsy nests.
Doves tend to fly upward to escape.
Doves tend to poop in their food and water.
Doves throw seeds as they search for their favorites.
Doves use the dust to preen their feathers where it becomes airborne with movement of their wings.
Doves view the greatest drug problems as arising from prohibition rather than use.
Doves walk on feet.
Doves frequently represent women's vulnerability.
Doves often choose a tree that is adjacent to an opening and has an open understory.
Doves often feed in agricultural fields after crops are harvested.
Doves usually avoid dense forests.
All doves have heads that are noticeably small in relation to the rest of the body.
Many doves feed on seeds of grain, forbs, and grasses.
Most doves are inside nests.
Most doves are known as doves.
Most doves attract doves.
Most doves eat food.
Most doves eat grain.
Most doves enjoy baths.
Most doves feed in fields.
Most doves feed on grain.
Most doves feel wind.
Most doves find abundant seeds.
Most doves find seeds.
Most doves fly over heads.
Most doves has-part legs.
Most doves have contact.
Most doves have instinct.
Most doves have wings.
Most doves hear doves.
Most doves live in groups.
Most doves make sound.
Most doves mate for life.
Most doves prefer habitats.
Most doves prefer trees.
Most doves release eggs.
Most doves require water.
Most doves sit on eggs.
Most doves sit on nests.
Most doves sit on trees.
Most doves walk on feet.
Some doves are inside cages.
Some doves are inside fields.
Some doves are inside trees.
Some doves are migratory, while others remain in the south during the entire year.
Some doves attract hunters.
Some doves become pests.
Some doves cause damage.
Some doves cause property damage.
Some doves eat cocklebur seeds.
Some doves eat seeds.
Some doves enjoy fruit.
Some doves escape from cages.
Some doves feed in trees.
Some doves float in wind.
Some doves fly over audiences.
Some doves fly over homes.
Some doves fly over rivers.
Some doves fly over scenes.
Some doves have birds.
Some doves have distribution.
Some doves have patches.
Some doves have small bald patches.
Some doves have small patches.
Some doves live in cages.
Some doves live on coastlines.
Some doves love doves.
Some doves nest in trees.
Some doves pick up gravel.
Some doves play in rivers.
Some doves rest on eggs.
Some doves return to homes.
Some doves sit in planters.
Some doves sit in trees.
Some doves sit on feet.
Some doves sit on poles.
Some doves sit on roofs.
Some doves sit on walls.
Some doves sit on windows.
Some doves sit on windowsills.
Some doves stand on fields.
Some doves stay in big groups, some in small.
A dovecote is a birdhouse
Dovecotes survive all over Britain.
A dovekie is a sea bird
Dovekies appear to be the primary prey.
Dovestone reservoir has a sailing club where courses are run for beginners.
A dovetail is a joint
Dovetails are excellent, but require precise and time-consuming machining.
Dovetails are the standard of quality drawer construction.
Dovetails cause fits.
Dovetails Come visit the great selection of fine clothing.
Dovetails securely fasten all large drawer fronts and backs to the sides of a piece.
Dovetailed connections insure tight assembly.
Dovetailed drawers are an almost universal symbol of traditional value in woodworking.
Dowagiac soils are mollic intergrades.
A dowel is a fixing
Dowels are fasteners.
Dowels are for locating the loose half, and prevent turning of that half.
Dowels are wands.
Dowels Explain the purpose of dowels.
Dowels help with fire-starting.
Dowels hold the rails in precise alignment while they are glued and clamped.
Dowels provide strength and easier alignment and can be made of wood, metal or plastic.
Dowels secure the front of the wing to the forward fuselage bulkhead.
Dowels serve as perches.
A dowitcher is a snipe
Dowitchers are medium sized shorebirds which closely resemble the common snipe.
Dowitchers nest in grass or moss tundra, wet meadows, and bogs in boreal forests.
Down pants are the most efficient way to complete a winter layering system.
A down payment is a payment
All down payment are non-refundable.
All down payment can be from a gift.
Some down pillows are too soft and flat.
Down is a turn
Downs are normal.
Some downs are longer than others.
Downbeat endings seem to be in vogue among serious filmmakers.
A downbeat is a rhythm
Downbeats are on the first and fourth notes of a measure.
Downbound products are grain, grain products, tallow, chemicals, and petroleum products.
Downburst damage is far more common in southeast Texas than tornado damage.
Downburst wind can produce widespread damage similar to that of tornado.
Downburst winds are the main threat, although hail as large as golf balls and gustnadoes can occur.
Downburst winds can produce damage similar to a strong tornado .
Downburst winds can produce damage similar to a strong tornado.
Downburst winds can produce numerous hazards to landscapes experiencing thunderstorms.
A downcast is a shaft
Downcasts represent a widening of the fields in an object, while upcasts are a narrowing.
A downdraft is a draft
Downdrafts are drafts.
Downdrafts are laminar, in thin layers, and flow down like water.
Downdrafts can actually drive hawks lower and lower until they fall into the water.
Downdrafts can be dry or wet.
Downdrafts can change the temperature rapidly in an area in a short amount of time.
Downdrafts dominate the storm and any overshooting top disappears.
Downdrafts eventually grow too strong and overpower the updrafts.
Downdrafts occur on the downwind side of a hill or mountain.
Downed animals are cattle unable to walk because of illness or injury.
Downed animals have an increased risk for bacterial contamination.
Downed animals pose increased risk for bacterial infection, especially mad cow disease.
Downed cattle represent an extremely small percentage of all livestock slaughtered.
Downed firewood is scarce, so be sure to bring a camp stove.
Downed logs provide for many wildlife needs.
Downed logs provide shelter for otter and raccoon.
Downed pilot can walk, no arms.
Downed trees abound.
Downed wingmen have no influence, still a pity they are treated as cannon fodder in many sims.
Downed wood is abundant, but fire quality wood is scarce.
A downer is a street drug
A downer is medicine
Downers are just as addictive as junk, but they're cheaper.
Downers belong to a group of drugs used to relax or sedate the central nervous system.
Downers can also decrease judgment and increase reaction time.
Downers go down the drain.
Downers Grove real estate.
Downers Grove spirit and pride come alive with the many annual events hosted in the village.
Downers Grove to be exact.
Downers pose an increased risk for bacterial contamination.
Downers slow the body down.
Downers suffer horribly, particularly during transport.
Downfaulted blocks accumulate sediments from mountainous rivers.
A downgrade is a grade
Downgrades ordinarily make it more costly for companies to raise cash.
Most downhill bikes are aluminum.
Downhill curves are treacherous and there is little traction going up the steep sections.
Downhill events show much more promise for aero wheels.
Downhill racers improve their speed by skiing at a standstill.
Downhill registration opens.
Downhill skiers are close to nearby centres.
Downhill skiers are few and skiing is mostly a spectator sport.
Downhill skiers are three times as likely to be golfers as the public at large.
Downhill skiers celebrate the exhilaration and, yes, danger of racing down the side of a mountain.
Downhill skiers do it, too.
Downhill skiers have the right of way on a narrow trail.
Downhill skiers know that they have more control when they lean forward and face downhill.
Downhill skiers love to ski fast.
Downhill skiers take it up a notch.
Most downhill skiers prefer riding the shuttle bus.
Downhill skiing are fun.
Downhill skiing are snow skiing.
Downhill skiing is also a great cardiovascular workout.
Downhill skiing is also available at nearby Park City and Ogden, Utah ski resorts.
Downhill skiing is available near by.
Downhill skiing is available within an hour's drive.
Downhill skiing is contraindicated during pregnancy.
Downhill skiing is easily accessible in Greenville, an hour north of the town.
Downhill skiing is expensive but it is worth every penny.
Downhill skiing is offered at numerous private ski areas throughout the state.
Downhill skiing is stress, noise, speed, business, pollution and little appreciation of nature.
Downhill skiing is the greatest.
A downhill is fall
Downhills are descents.
Downhills are fun and fast.
Downhills are nice after all that thigh burning climbs.
Downhills are quick with a few surprises.
Downhills are short but steep.
Downhills are ski races.
Downhills are very dangerous and very fast and intense.
Downhills erode less than uphills.
Downhills make the transition to uphills easier.
Downhills stress muscles differently than do uphills.
Every downhill is followed by an uphill.
Downhole control is modeled for electrical, reversible hydraulic and irreversible hydraulic valves.
Downies are the smallest of our resident woodpeckers.
Downies range in age from eighteen months to three years.
Downies take home in the United States and southern Canada.
Downies often camouflage the nest cavity entrance hole with moss, lichen and fungus.
Downloable maps are available here .
Download data are in .dbf tables that can be imported into database or spreadsheet applications.
Download managers are fun, fast, and very easy to use.
Download managers can make the downloading process much more friendly.
Download managers can usually resume a lost download and have numerous other benefits.
Download speed is a major factor in end user satisfaction with a given web site.
Download speed is also quite good.
Download speed is always our concern.
Download speed is often the one impediment to Web pages.
Download speed is significantly faster than a dial-up modem.
Download speed is the most important aspect of web design.
Download speed is the most important factor.
Download speed varies on the quality, type, and configuration of hardware and telephone lines.
Download speeds are fine.
Download speeds are limited, however.
Download speeds are roughly the same, but upload speeds are reduced.
Download speeds depend on connection speed.
Download speeds rule the web.
Downloadable applications are being added as they are available, so check back often.
Downloadable applications are now available in a write-able format .
Downloadable applications are now available.
Downloadable Artwork Get the most recent product box shots, screen shots, logos and more.
Downloadable Backgrounds Click on any of the below files.
Downloadable box plotting program is here too.
Downloadable brochure is available as well as a contact address for further information.
Downloadable casinos offer a more realistic gaming experience.
Downloadable clips are best when they are short.
All downloadable content is intended for educational purposes and non-commercial use only.
Downloadable contracts are available in the forms section.
Downloadable copies are clearer than online viewable documents.
Downloadable courses are a boon for teachers.
Downloadable data includes topics such as geochemistry, geology, geophysics, and minerals.
All downloadable data is accompanied by federally-compliant metadata.
Downloadable demo is available.
Downloadable demos are available from many of the developers.
Downloadable demos are available.
Downloadable demonstration allows users to retrieve and manipulate sample fields.
Downloadable documents are available on the site, explaining all aspects of studies in Britain.
Downloadable drivers are also available.
Downloadable drivers are now available for download.
Downloadable editions are available online in English or Spanish .
Downloadable example is in the download area.
Downloadable files are accessible via the links in navigator bar to the left.
Downloadable files are also available.
Downloadable files are easy to download.
Downloadable files are in a self extracting compressed format.
Downloadable files are subject to their respective licenses.
Downloadable files Begin here for detailed installation instructions .
Downloadable Files Following is a list of manuals available for download.
Downloadable files including software updates and film look up tables.
All downloadable files are .pdf format unless otherwise stated.
All downloadable files are in Adobe Acrobat format.
All downloadable files are in gzipped tar archive format.
All downloadable files are Stuffit files in .hqx format.
Many downloadable files are in Adobe Acrobat pdf file format.
Many downloadable files are large and take a while to retrieve.
Many downloadable files come in compressed form.
Most downloadable files are in a .pdf format.
Most downloadable files are PC-format ZIP archives.
Some Downloadable files are in Adobe Acrobat pdf format.
Some downloadable files are password protected.
Downloadable forms are also available at the application website.
Downloadable forms are also available.
Downloadable forms are available by clicking here .
Downloadable forms come in many formats.
All downloadable forms are in Adobe Acrobat format.
All downloadable forms are in printer-friendly PDF format.
Downloadable formats allow convenient offline reading, copying, editing and printing.
Some downloadable games are just as good as the ones in shrink-wrapped packages.
All downloadable handouts are password protected.
Downloadable images are available on the college information web page.
Downloadable images are in .eps, .gif and .wmf formats.
Downloadable Images Click on the underlined link to download the selected file.
All downloadable information is the most current available.
Downloadable instructions are in pdf format.
Downloadable labs are currently under development.
Downloadable maps are also available.
All downloadable maps are in .pdf format.
Downloadable master is provided with reproduction rights.
Downloadable media comes in a variety of formats.
Downloadable media is copied to the user's hard drive.
Downloadable midi sounds of all types of music.
Downloadable music implies an enormous change in the industry.
Downloadable music is below.
Downloadable music is the best form of music in terms of quality and usability.
All downloadable photos are high resolution eps files.
Downloadable programs are available here.
Downloadable publications are available on the web site.
Downloadable publications have the symbol.
Downloadable samples are on website.
Downloadable scripts are available and everything is explained.
Downloadable software is also fraught with inconvenience.
Downloadable software is available in many formats and can be accessed through the site.
Downloadable software is available.
Downloadable software is self-explanatory.
Downloadable software see kenwood site.
All downloadable software is archived in self-extracting ZIP files.
All downloadable software is free.
All downloadable software is fully functional.
All downloadable software is non-refundable.
Any downloadable software are property copyrighted to their owners.
Some downloadable software packages out there can access the scanner through their own program.
Downloadable titles cost a couple dollars more than hardcover versions of books.
Downloadable tools are available to aid parents in keeping their children safe on the Internet.
Some downloadable upgrades are password-protected .
Downloadable version is available.
Downloadable versions are also available.
Downloadable versions are available from our web site for a fifteen day trial period.
Downloadable versions are available through the links below.
All downloadable versions are Zipped postscript.
Downloadable video feeds.
Downloadable zip includes asp file.
Downloadble courses are a boon for teachers.
Any downloaded file listed above is a self-extracting file.
Most downloaded software comes compressed.
Downloaded source has both units.
Downloads speed are good.
Downpayment assistance is available to qualified first-time homebuyers.
Downpayment assistance is available.
Downpayment assistance is provided by the city and state when needed.
Downpayment requirements differ from program to program.
A downpour is rain
Downpour isa rain.
Downpour isa rainfall.
Downpours are a different story, though.
Downpours are another thing altogether.
Downpours are common therefore an umbrella is essential .
Downpours are rain.
Downpours flood much of the South Side.
Downpours have (part) diamond dust.
Downpours have (part) frost mist.
Downpours have (part) frost snow.
Downpours have (part) ice crystal.
Downpours have (part) ice needles.
Downpours have (part) raindrops.
Downpours have (part) snow mist.
Downpours often cancel scheduled walks.
Downriver fire depts.
Downriver tows have the right of way.
A downshift is an action
Downshifts are as immediate as a jab at the gas pedal, and passing maneuvers are a breeze.
Downshifts are crisp and immediate with nearly transparent upshifts.
Downshifts are more complex.
Downshifts likewise are smart, precise, agreeable.
Downside risk is limited, while upside potential is retained.
Downside risk is low and the probability of an improved market environment is rising.
Downside risk is minimal at present.
A downside is a side
Downside isa aspect.
Downsides are currently due to a lack of human bandwidth.
Downsides are no HTML and no bookmarks.
Downsides are sides.
Downsides are the length of time to play a round and the lack of anyone marshalling the course.
More downside is predicted over the short term as investors continue the big global sell-off.
Many downsized managers finding short term assignments think of themselves as consultants.
Downsized staffs are often busy treating patients, leaving little time for anything else.
Downsized workers face extreme difficulty in finding adequate employment.
Downsized workers spend less money, creating even fewer sales.
Many downsized workers face an instant computer and phone freezeout.
Most downsizing survivors have no idea how they can benefit on the job.
Most downsizing survivors have to renegotiate their jobs to avoid burnout.
Most downstage row is called first electrics, etc.
A downstage is a stage
Downstage is a student-run theatre space.
Downstairs rooms are good size.
Downstairs rooms are nicer but can be smokey.
Downstairs rooms have wooden ceiling beams throughout.
Downstairs things are a little quieter.
Downstream access is also a problem.
Downstream consequences are usually unknown.
Downstream customers receive a traffic report on a monthly basis.
Downstream integration is another factor important to success in today's market.
Downstream liability is a new concept with some large implications.
All downstream life dies.
Downstream margin is the combination of marketing and operating margins.
Downstream migrants continue to suffer high mortality.
Downstream modules are available in single or four channel versions.
Downstream operations are hampered by poor infrastructure and a small domestic market.
Downstream people cheer.
Downstream people complain.
Downstream residents are quite nervous .
Some downstream residents fear increased flooding from new Jackson levees or other measures.
Downstream speed is the same as upstream.
Downstream traffic is carried via coaxial cable and upstream traffic via regular phone lines.
Downstream traffic is similar between the two technologies.
Downstream trips involve whitewater.
A downstroke is a stroke
All downstrokes are equidistant.
Downtime can be costly and certainly frustrating.
Downtime consists of reading - two or three novels a week.
Downtime costs money.
Downtime costs time and money and is nonproductive.
Downtime denies users access.
Downtime equates to lost revenue and productivity.
Downtime is a period
Downtime is almost non-existent and response time is fast.
Downtime is almost unheard-of on our servers.
Downtime is at least two weeks and up to a few months of redness in the treated areas can occur.
Downtime is essential for the successful college student.
Downtime is expensive because a customer that clicks away can be lost forever.
Downtime is expensive.
Downtime is extremely costly and disruptive to any manufacturing process.
Downtime is far more costly than the immediate loss of revenues and employee productivity, though.
Downtime is increasingly costly.
Downtime is kept to a minimum, and billing is much more predictable.
Downtime is kept to a minimum.
Downtime is no longer acceptable.
Downtime is out.
Downtime is real money.
Downtime is time periods.
Downtime is unacceptable for mission-critical applications.
Downtime is unacceptable, especially with competitors just a mouse-click away.
Downtime is unacceptable, security essential.
Downtime is unacceptable.
Downtime is unfun.
Downtime is unimaginable.
Downtime is usually a few days at most.
Downtime leads to suffering.
Downtime leads to the loss of customers.
Downtime never happens.
Downtime now costs more than ever before, because customers demand immediate access.
Downtime translates into customer disappointment, corporate embarrassment, and lost sales.
Downtime translates to delayed transactions, higher operational costs, and sometimes lost business.
Downtimes are minimal and usually announced.
Downtimes are too frequent and costly.
Downtimes happen about once a year.
Any downtime can affect all systems due to the cross-mounting of file space.
Any downtime has devastating business ramifications.
Any downtime is frustrating and often very expensive.
Any downtime is unacceptable.
Any downtime means lost revenue, reduced productivity, and higher costs.
Every downtime costs money.
Some downtime is inevitable on almost all systems.
Some downtimes are possible for system upgrades.
Downtown churches minister in a unique context.
Downtown hotels add quite a bit.
Downtown hotels are close to stores, theaters, restaurants and attractions.
Downtown hotels are within walking distance.
Downtown hotels cater to travelers attending the convention center.
All downtown hotels are approximately one mile from the Minneapolis campus.
All downtown hotels are close to the subway, shops, theatres, restaurants and attractions.
Many downtown hotels offer parking, but fees are steep.
Most Downtown hotels are within a five minute taxi ride.
Most downtown hotels charge for parking services.
Downtown plazas are vital to the social and economic life of the city.
A downtown is a city district
Downtown abuts the park on the south and west.
Downtown also are under way.
Downtown also contains hotels, motels, and inns to suit any traveler.
Downtown also has the preponderance of historical buildings.
Downtown also needs more obvious links to the university area.
Downtown also serves as the backdrop for special shopping events, theater and entertainment.
Downtown are the most important public buildings.
Downtown Be close to shopping, museums, and the waterfront with downtown hotels.
Downtown becomes one big stage for parades, musical performances and lots of dancing.
Downtown boasts row upon row of smart eateries tucked among swanky restaurants.
Downtown can again be a cool waterfront showplace.
Downtown can also be a sobering experience.
Downtown can be a wonderful place.
Downtown can be clean, pleasant, car-free, and pleasant to walk in.
Downtown can t survive on shoppers and tourists alone.
Downtown certainly fades away.
Downtown certainly needs a unique idea to cause people to come to it.
Downtown Check the map.
Downtown combines sophistication and small-town charm in equal measure.
Downtown comes alive with music, vendors and displays.
Downtown comes alive with the sights and sounds of the holiday season.
Downtown consists of an easily walkable, several-block area centered around Main and Broad Streets.
Downtown continues to offer casual or fine dining, great coffee and unique shopping.
Downtown continues to revitalize itself and boasts much renovation and activity.
Downtown currently offers a variety of appealing shops and entertainment districts.
Downtown demonstrates the city's commitment to preserving the old and incorporating the new.
Downtown develops as a corporate headquarters, and white-collar jobs open up.
Downtown gives visitors a sparkling first impression.
Downtown has a head start because some shops, restaurants and businesses already are there.
Downtown has a heart and a soul, with shops, boutiques and outdoor cafes.
Downtown has a lot of potential waiting to be developed.
Downtown has a new art gallery.
Downtown has a real market, and that's cause to celebrate.
Downtown has a rich history.
Downtown has a vibrancy that defines successful financial districts.
Downtown has all major sporting events.
Downtown has an excellent selection of all types of eating establishments.
Downtown has an image of stability and permanence, a plus for any professional office.
Downtown has delightful pedestrian-only streets.
Downtown has everything to satisfy shopping needs.
Downtown has four other museums.
Downtown has funkier places, but busier beaches.
Downtown has lots of buildings that date to Portland s early years.
Downtown has major multiplexes.
Downtown has many fine restaurants with a variety of cuisines.
Downtown has no shortage of great places to get a bite to eat.
Downtown has numerous ethnic restaurants, museums, and shops.
Downtown has only one percent of the city area, but five percent of the tax base.
Downtown has some beautiful old houses with slate roofs, lacey woodwork around the eaves.
Downtown has some great restaurants and pubs at very reasonable prices.
Downtown has the highest concentration of employment and office space in the region.
Downtown has the same proud storefronts.
Downtown has the usual office and apartment towers, luxury stores and restaurants.
Downtown has vacancies, big and small.
Downtown helps reduce sprawl by concentrating activity in one area.
Downtown includes lots of restaurants and shopping areas, from the usual to the eclectic.
Downtown is a big business board game with big components.
Downtown is a blended zone that can vary.
Downtown is a bridge away.
Downtown is a charming blend of commercial, historic and green spaces.
Downtown is a conversion of the diversity that exists in Mountain View.
Downtown is a couple of blocks of stores, grain elevators and churches.
Downtown is a critical asset in attracting new businesses and jobs to the city.
Downtown is a delight for shoppers.
Downtown is a different Vegas than The Strip.
Downtown is a few minutes away by bus, that stops in front of the hotel.
Downtown is a finite area.
Downtown is a focus for the entire community.
Downtown is a gas station, a trade store, two video stores and a florist.
Downtown is a good incubator for new small businesses - the success of tomorrow.
Downtown is a good incubator for new small businesses the success of tomorrow.
Downtown is a good place to start looking for lodging.
Downtown is a great hotel.
Downtown is a great place to be, thanks to the city's planning successes.
Downtown is a high pedestrian traffic area.
Downtown is a hive of activity, with markets and historical structures.
Downtown is a maelstrom of poolhalls, pawn brokers and seedy clubs.
Downtown is a magnet.
Downtown is a major employer.
Downtown is a mix of existing residential and business, but it is slowly turning over to business.
Downtown is a mix of upscale art galleries, boutiques and an eclectic mix of great restaurants.
Downtown is a nebulous concept in any city, and things are no different in Boston.
Downtown is a neighborhood.
Downtown is a place where everyone feels welcome, regardless of race, social standing, or salary.
Downtown is a place where there are a lot of offices and stores.
Downtown is a pretty nebulous answer, though.
Downtown is a short and inexpensive taxi ride away, as is the airport.
Downtown is a social environment for pedestrians.
Downtown is a symbol of civic pride or lack of it.
Downtown is a symbol of civic pride or the lack of it.
Downtown is a unique gathering place for all residents.
Downtown is a very interesting melting pot of natives and newcomers.
Downtown is a wonderful place to explore.
Downtown is about variety.
Downtown is absolutely free.
Downtown is again physically attractive, thriving and the historic center of our community.
Downtown is alive and well.
Downtown is alive by day but dead at night.
Downtown is alive.
Downtown is all about lingering.
Downtown is all business weekdays, really very little going on during the weekends there.
Downtown is also home to a diversified group of large employers and major convention facilities.
Downtown is also home to a lively collection of nightspots and restaurants.
Downtown is also home to our leading cultural institutions.
Downtown is also home to several of the community's beautiful historic churches.
Downtown is also perfect for the kids.
Downtown is also reasonable safe, but there is little going on.
Downtown is also suitable for the business traveler since the convention center is located there.
Downtown is an area that needs to be protected for investment reasons.
Downtown is an area where pedestrians can comfortably walk.
Downtown is an attractive alternative as other areas get more and more expensive.
Downtown is an easy walk away, and taxis to anywhere in the city cost about forty cents one-way.
Downtown is an eclectic mix of old and new with a wide variety of shopping experiences for visitors.
Downtown is an education and medical centre of international calibre.
Downtown is an ideal incubator for new small business.
Downtown is an important factor in industrial, commercial, and professional recruitment.
Downtown is an important gathering place for all residents.
Downtown is an incubator for new businesses.
Downtown is an irreplaceable asset to the community.
Downtown is an okay place.
Downtown is anchored by the community's largest and most hist oric churches.
Downtown is approx.
Downtown is attractive again, and historically low interest rates don t hurt either.
Downtown is attractive to people of all ages and offers a broad range of homes in every price range.
Downtown is barely visible behind the fort.
Downtown is both a center of commerce and a meld of ethnic neighborhoods.
Downtown is busy and bustling with activity today.
Downtown is clean and safe, even after closing time.
Downtown is clean, bright and full of economic opportunity and social activity.
Downtown is clean, safe, fun.
Downtown is close, as well as several shopping centers and movie theatres.
Downtown is congested with traffic and the park is full of tourists from out of town.
Downtown is considered all areas outside the District.
Downtown is coupled with concern for preserving the Town Lake greenbelt and our urban parks.
Downtown is created as the place where people want to be.
Downtown is creepy at night.
Downtown is dead after business hours.
Downtown is dead.
Downtown is dirty, traffic's a nightmare and the streets are clogged with tourists.
Downtown is everybody's neighborhood.
Downtown is everyone s neighborhood.
Downtown is everyone's neighborhood.
Downtown is extra heavy.
Downtown is filled with a variety of quaint little shops.
Downtown is filled with tourists shopping or rushing to catch a cruise ship.
Downtown is filled with wonderful dining, shopping and entertainment spots.
Downtown is fine as it is.
Downtown is fine the way it is.
Downtown is full of museums and shops, and other interesting places to see.
Downtown is full of small ethnic neighborhoods.
Downtown is full of towering skyscrapers and large forested expanses.
Downtown is geared to conventions, with many hotels and a major convention center.
Downtown is handsome, red-brick and largely comatose.
Downtown is headed for a new influx of culture.
Downtown is home to a seedier, but somehow more authentic Las Vegas, vestiges of which still exist.
Downtown is home to clusters of artists who open their studios to the public once each year.
Downtown is home to five theaters, four museums and many galleries and arts organizations.
Downtown is home to some stylish hotels, where luxury is more affordable than in other major cities.
Downtown is hundreds of ships with hundreds of captains.
Downtown is important - and special.
Downtown is important, the convention center is important and the hotel is necessary for both.
Downtown is important.
Downtown is in transition.
Downtown is just a five-minute stroll away.
Downtown is just a jutney ride away.
Downtown is just a short subway or cab away.
Downtown is just one of Hartford's neighborhoods.
Downtown is likened to a small community.
Downtown is located a short five minutes away.
Downtown is located five miles from the hotel.
Downtown is located five minutes from the university.
Downtown is located four miles from the hotel.
Downtown is located less than a mile from the hotel.
Downtown is located two minutes from the hotel.
Downtown is located within a reasonable distance.
Downtown is mainly tourist, and pricey, with little else to offer.
Downtown is more than a place to shop.
Downtown is more than just a state of mind.
Downtown is mostly empty and there are cops and national guard on almost every corner.
Downtown is nearby, close to shopping, transportation, airport, financial district, entertainment.
Downtown is nearly a town unto itself, with churches, restaurants, nightclubs, and stores.
Downtown is now one of the hottest new locations for businesses.
Downtown is now the home of numerous art galleries and quaint gift shops.
Downtown is OK just a bit mucky.
Downtown is okay, but it hs a certain old smell to it.
Downtown is one block up the hill to the left.
Downtown is one of the community's largest employers.
Downtown is one of the most distinguished breeding grounds of arts activity in Houston.
Downtown is only a short three miles away.
Downtown is only minutes away.
Downtown is only one of many hip places to live and visit around Denver.
Downtown is packed with residents and tourists.
Downtown is picturesque with it famous bascule bridge boutique shops and restaurants.
Downtown is positioned to serve many markets.
Downtown is quiet, quaint, normal.
Downtown is ready for growth.
Downtown is ready for style.
Downtown is really small and very old.
Downtown is right in the middle of big things right now.
Downtown is situated six miles from the hotel.
Downtown is steps away, close to shopping, transportation, airport.
Downtown is still a major employment center.
Downtown is still a place of irreplaceable buildings and architecture.
Downtown is suddenly the place to live.
Downtown is ten minutes by car, half an hour by wc-lift equipped bus.
Downtown is the center of attention for the region in more ways than one.
Downtown is the center of it all.
Downtown is the center of the city's theater and arts district.
Downtown is the centerpiece.
Downtown is the economic, social, and cultural heart of the community.
Downtown is the financial and legal center of Southeastern North Carolina.
Downtown is the heart and soul of any community and the cornerstone of civic identity.
Downtown is the heart of Atlanta's heritage.
Downtown is the heart of the community for government, culture and many churches.
Downtown is the heart of the region and the hub for all transportation options.
Downtown is the hot nightspot with a variety of restaurants, bars, and nightclubs.
Downtown is the hub of our community and the ultimate centerpiece of our region.
Downtown is the most accessible point in the region.
Downtown is the only single member district.
Downtown is the originating campus.
Downtown is the place to be for entertainment.
Downtown is the pulse of Hawaii, the hub for economic and financial growth.
Downtown is the receiving campus.
Downtown is the symbol of our city.
Downtown is to the left of the picture.
Downtown is to the right of center.
Downtown is totally hectic and chaotic.
Downtown is under water.
Downtown is under-served by grocery stores.
Downtown is uniquely different in that it is a place designed and built for the pedestrian.
Downtown is usually a government center.
Downtown is very modern.
Downtown is very vast.
Downtown is vital.
Downtown is well preserved and appealing.
Downtown is where quality of life and economic development meet most dramatically.
Downtown is where retailing happens in Valdosta.
Downtown is where the best rave and circuit parties happen.
Downtown is where the big, black dot is in the middle.
Downtown is where the older casinos and hotels are located.
Downtown is within walking distance and the freeways are very accessible.
Downtown is within walking distance.
Downtown is, as in most cities, the main skating spot source.
Downtown living at it's best.
Downtown looks good from there, and it's a good nighttime view.
Downtown looks pretty good.
Downtown looks so cool at night with all their lights on.
Downtown looks so pretty right now.
Downtown Matters Our monthly newsletter.
Downtown meets the waters of Tampa Bay in a green swath of statue-filled parks.
Downtown necessitates a plethora of eateries during the lunch hour.
Downtown needs a neighborhood events section in the local media.
Downtown needs a new library.
Downtown needs some competition.
Downtown needs transit, linkages, signage, and infrastructure to be truly family-friendly.
Downtown now bustles.
Downtown now has all the components.
Downtown now hosts several boutiques and restaurants.
Downtown now slumbers behind a thicket of leaves, a forest of wood and stone.
Downtown offers a new mission and the level begins immediately after a smash and grab raid.
Downtown offers a variety of restaurants, caf s, pubs and nightclubs.
Downtown offers a variety of shopping in an historic atmosphere with plenty of free parking.
Downtown offers a variety of shops, restaurants, night clubs and the best antiques for miles around.
Downtown offers an eclectic mix of art and live music.
Downtown offers art galleries, antique shops and fine dining.
Downtown offers art galleries, antuque shops and fine dining.
Downtown offers housing in converted office buildings, industrial lofts, and new construction.
Downtown offers many features that add to professional and family life and more are on the way.
Downtown offers many historic buildings with interesting facades.
Downtown offers many opportunities for unique shopping that meets everyone's style.
Downtown offers modern office space amid Victorian architectural charm.
Downtown offers several eateries worth a stop.
Downtown ought have the tax increment financing structure proposed when downtown was down and out.
Downtown plays an integral part in the overall plan.
Downtown properties for longer stays, all fully furnished and completely equipped.
Downtown provides a sanctuary from the non-stop pace of the attraction side of Kissimmee.
Downtown provides a shopping alternative to national chains.
Downtown provides an important civic forum, where members of the community can congregate.
Downtown provides credibility and visibility for newly established businesses.
Downtown rang with the clamor of pile-drivers.
Downtown really does have something for everyone.
Downtown remains the heart of Albany.
Downtown represents a vast amount of public and private investment.
Downtown Richlands provides a variety of shops and stores.
Downtown rooftops and terraces are green with gardens.
Downtown s come a long way.
Downtown s only all-suite hotel.
Downtown s pretty, it s pretty easy.
Downtown serves as a barometer for community-wide conditions.
Downtown serves as a good incubator for new small business - the success of tomorrow.
Downtown serves as the hub of the shopping, eating, and night-life opportunities.
Downtown sports a wide range of cultural facilities and events.
Downtown still needs both an alternative code and a simplified process for development.
Downtown Take a look at our great buildings.
Downtown there are lots of little shops.
Downtown there are many shops and eateries.
Downtown there are two hydrants for each intersection.
Downtown there is a river walk.
Downtown there is another less-mobile city.
Downtown there s well-lit parking in garages convenient to the Theater District.
Downtown thus becomes a barometer for community-wide conditions.
Downtown View from traffic circle park.
Downtown View more articles , lists , questions or destination ideas .
Downtown Walking Tour Visit some of the city's top tourist spots without hailing a cab.
Downtown's a good place.
Downtowns also provide a good place for hometown gatherings, reunions and festivals.
Downtowns are downtowns.
Downtowns are located in cities.
Downtowns are our cities and towns' cornerstones.
Downtowns are perfect incubators for small startup retail and professional businesses.
Downtowns are so unique.
Downtowns are unique. . . .
Downtowns are urban areas.
Downtowns are very difficult things to have.
Downtowns can do very well if they pluck up their courage and fight back.
Downtowns have better infrastructure to move traffic more quickly.
Downtowns have the assets.
Downtowns represent the economic core of most urbanized regions.
Downtowns struggle to compete with mainland shopping.
Downtowns succeed by allowing pedestrians to shop and gather.
Downtowns often occupy flood plains.
Downtown usually averages an inch or two less than the airport.
Some downtowns have more plants surviving than others do.
Every downtrodden fan can dream the dream.
A downturn is an action
Downturns also generate friction and anxiety, which can worsen agency-client relations.
Downturns are always an interesting time.
Downturns simply present the chance to buy real estate at bargain prices.
Most downturns come as a surprise to most forecasters and to most policy-makers.
Downward adjustments have a bigger impact than upward adjustments.
Downward communication is any communication that flows from a manager down the authority hierarchy.
Downward communication is the most common communication system used in an organization.
Downward continuation yields a focus at zero offset.
Downward direction is the positive increase.
Downward elevator walks.
Some downward forces act upon books.
Some downward forces are caused by passage.
Some downward forces are exerted by gravity.
Downward illumination allows reading without interfering with the driver's visibility.
Downward mobility appears to be a constant concern.
Downward mobility appears to be good for several different kinds of writers.
Downward mobility is un- American.
Downward mobility requires self-discipline, empathy, charity, and imagination.
Downward motion causes air to warm as it moves toward levels with higher pressure.
Downward motion destroys the strong gradients at the boundary layer top.
Downward movement continues until a point called the water table is reached.
Downward movements suggest weariness and discouragement.
Any downward movement is restricted by the locator sub.
Downward pressure can cause the small veins around the anus and rectum to stretch.
Downward relations are relations of function application.
Downward separation fails catastrophically for limited nondeterminism classes.
Downward shift requires larger window sizes and upward shifting requires smaller window sizes.
Downward traction is made until the occiput appears under the symphysis pubis.
Downward trends are therefore very easily disrupted.
Any downward trend is a temporary glitch.
Downwind legs are just as important as upwind legs.
Downy chick is black.
Downy chicks have wings.
Most downy chicks have wings.
Downy comforters envelop the beds.
Downy feathers are also good insulators and are common on flightless birds.
Some downy feathers provide evidence.
Downy hairs cover stems supporting many bright flowers.
Downy hatchlings feed at the surface for their first few days but then begin short dives.
Downy hawthorns are an interesting, attractive addition to the Iowa landscape.
Downy mildew appears as pale spots on the top side of the leaves.
Downy mildew becomes a problem at bloom.
Downy mildew can be devastating to seedlings.
Downy mildew can cause a variety of symptoms.
Downy mildew can kill canes so rapidly that they wilt overnight.
Downy mildew can overwinter in some areas, but usually moves northward from subtropical areas.
Downy mildew can predispose plants to bacterial soft rot.
Downy mildew causes a light gray powdery growth on the undersides of leaves and on young stems.
Downy mildew causes pale spots on both sides of the leaves.
Downy mildew causes problems on iberis.
Downy mildew causes purplish, irregular spots on the leaves of infected plants.
Downy mildew forms greyish white to purple fungal growth on the surface of older leaves.
Downy mildew is a common problem for home gardens.
Downy mildew is a particular problem in areas of high humidity.
Downy mildew is a very tough disease that can kill the rose bush if left untreated.
Downy mildew is also a condition to watch for in moist, cool areas.
Downy mildew is also widely present on cole crops across the area.
Downy mildew is another important disease of muskmelon in Florida.
Downy mildew is in many fields but it remains at low levels.
Downy mildew is mildew
Downy mildew is mildew.
Downy mildew is more common in wet years.
Downy mildew is most likely to be a problem in the spring.
Downy mildew is most likely to cause problems in coastal areas of California.
Downy mildew is the most common disease.
Downy mildew is very different from powdery mildew.
Downy mildew occurs during cool, moist periods in the spring or fall.
Downy mildew occurs when there is persistent cool and wet weather.
Downy mildew produces yellow spots on leaf surfaces, with purplish areas on the undersides.
Downy mildew starts as hundreds of small yellow flecks on leaves.
Downy mildew starts out as light yellow blotches on the upper surface of the leaf.
Downy mildews are primarily foliage blights that attack young, tender leaves, twigs, and fruits.
Downy mildews are systemic diseases involving obligate parasites.
Most downy mildews require periods of leaf wetness and fairly cool temperatures to infect.
Downy seeds are dispersed by wind.
Most downy seeds are dispersed by wind.
Downy serviceberry grows on a variety of sites from swampy lowlands to dry woods and sandy bluffs.
Downy spot begins in the lower parts of the tree and spreads upward.
Downy spot can cause serious, premature defoliation.
Downy spot is considered to be economically insignificant.
Downy spot survives the winter in fallen leaves.
A downy woodpecker is a woodpecker
Downy woodpeckers are attracted to areas where food is abundant.
Downy woodpeckers are our smallest and most commonly seen woodpeckers.
Downy woodpeckers are small birds with white stomachs, breasts and backs and black tails and wings.
Downy woodpeckers are woodpeckers.
Downy woodpeckers create nest hole openings that are concealed by fungus or lichens.
Downy woodpeckers have feathers.
Downy woodpeckers have white feathers.
Downy woodpeckers have wings.
Downy woodpeckers live in areas.
Downy woodpeckers love beef suet.
Downy woodpeckers prefer the same habitat as man, open woodlands, orchards and suburbs.
Downy woodpeckers use bills.
Most downy woodpeckers have feathers.
Most downy woodpeckers have white feathers.
Most downy woodpeckers have wings.
Most downy woodpeckers live in areas.
Most downy woodpeckers use bills.
A dowry is a gift
Dowries are gifts.
Dowries are illegal in India but the custom is still practised in most rural, and many urban, areas.
Dowries cost more.
A dowser is a stick
Dowsers are pragmatic about their work.
Dowsers can find water in the desert.
Dowsers differ in their beliefs concerning the efficacy of the various devices.
Dowsers do it diviningly.
Dowsers get together and talk about things like that.
Dowsers tense their arms so that the rod exaggerates even a small movement.
Many dowsers prefer to work with a pendulum on a string.
Many dowsers use indicators, usually a forked twig, a pair of bent coat hangers or a pendulum.
Many dowsers use the map dowsing technique before they go out looking for water.
Most dowsers find it easy to use.
Some dowsers openly claim paranormal powers.
A doxy is a mistress
Doxies are bright intelligent and loyal creatures and make wonderful life long companions.
Doxies are very protective.
Doxies love to roll on mysterious smelly objects.
A doxycycline is an antibiotic drug
Doxycycline antibiotics twice a day for five days is also effective.
Doxycycline can cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman.
Doxycycline certainly can cause nausea, ofloxacin less commonly so.
Doxycycline disrupts chondrocyte differentiation and inhibits cartilage matrix degradation.
Doxycycline hyclate pellet-filled capsules.
Doxycycline hydrochloride hemiethanolate hemihydrate.
Doxycycline increases sensitivity to sunlight.
Doxycycline is less likely to cause teeth mottling compared to tetracycline.
Doxycycline is less likely to stain developing teeth than is tetracycline.
Doxycycline is more lipid-soluble than tetracycline.
Doxycycline is possibly the best drug.
Doxycycline kills certain bacteria that cause infection, or stops their growth.
Doxycycline remains the drug of choice for persons infected with ehrlichia.
Doxycycline requires less frequent dosing and lower doses than does tetracycline.
Doxycycline works by preventing the growth of bacteria.
Doxycycline works by preventing the growth of the bacteria.
Doxycyclines are drugs.
Doxycyclines are tetracycline antibiotic.
Doylestown soils are on nearly level and gently sloping upland flats and depressions.
A dozen is a large integer
Dozen are back in action.
Dozen buy Excuse above the contributions across several hammer.
Dozen do Techniques on place through the vintage cap but bind outside several cinema.
Dozen explain within some clock how remind amibios upgrades.
Dozen explain within some clock how remind etowers.
Dozen explain within some clock how remind java developer.
Dozen explain within some clock how remind pc software.
Dozen explain within some clock how remind watertight cases.
Dozen is another word for twelve.
Dozen isa definite quantity.
Dozens are available for perusal, daisy-chained in alphabetical order.
Dozens are available world-wide via the Internet.
Dozens are jammed in a cell meant for five.
Dozens are millionaires.
Dozens are on display with a diorama of early life based on the fossil finds.
Dozens are on display.
Dozens are twelves.
Dozens are under the wreckage.
Dozens can fit inside of a one-inch square.
Dozens can fit into a small back-pack.
Dozens find new life and freedom in Jesus Christ.
Dozens help make transplants possible.
Dozens mix and match from above.
Dozens more stand a good chance of developing it.
Dozens pop up monthly.
Dozens remain in jail.
Dozens remain missing.
Dozens sit in courthouses statewide, while employers disappear or claim poverty.
Dozens sleep on the floor of a cleaned-out pig sty.
Dozens surround each of our parks.
Dozens undergraduate students learn skills in field experience courses every quarter.
Dozens sometimes concentrate at wetlands where they scavenge for dead and dying waterfowl.
A dozer is a tractor
Dozers are the classic all purpose machine.
Dozers clip off stumps and move all debris to piles.
Dozers come in various sizes and are used for different applications.
Drab cheaters scum dateable git.
Drab clouds bunch like angry sheep.
Drab offices are counterproductive.
A draba is a herb
Draba hirta Oed.
A dracaena is a tracheophyte
Dracaena is sensitive to fluoride, fertilizer and standing in water.
Dracaena is very sensitive to fluoride.
Dracaena prefers bright, indirect light but tolerates low-light situations.
Dracaenas are agaves.
Dracaenas are easy to care for and relatively fast growing.
Dracaenas are reptiles.
Dracaenas do well with a weekly soaking.
Dracaenas often develop burned tips to their leaves if given water with fluoride in it.
Most dracaenas become large plants.
A drachma is weight
Drachma depreciates by less than the announced devaluation.
Draconian laws prevent any deviation from the norm.
Draconian laws require a demonized enemy.
Draconian liability rules no doubt make accountants more careful in some way.
Draconian measures are a temporary palliative and a long term corrosive.
A dracunculiasis is infestation
Dracunculiasis is a debilitating parasitic disease also known as guinea worm disease.
Dracunculiasis occurs in isolated foci in Yemen.
Any draft angle is better than no draft angle.
A draft animal is an animal
Draft animals are strong enough to warrant some caution.
Draft animals eat, even when there's no work to be done.
Draft animals make far less noise than heavy machinery.
Draft animals plow and prepare the fields for planting.
A draft beer is a beer
Draft beer comes in jugs or mugs at beer halls.
Draft beer is far more profitable than bottled beer, and takes less storage space.
Draft beer is usually the drink of choice.
Draft beers are beers.
A draft board is a board
All draft boards are different.
Draft choices are great and all that, but the draft is like a poker game.
Draft day comes and goes without a phone call.
Draft day is always wacky.
Draft day is extremely emotional.
Draft day is over.
Draft day is overrated.
Draft day is socialism at work.
Draft day is the most unpredictable day of the year.
Draft day is the single most important day of the year.
Draft day ought to be an exciting day for the whole organization.
Draft day trades Check out all the wheeling and dealing from the Draft.
Draft days are VERY competitive.
Draft document is currently under review.
Draft documents are exclusively prepared, distributed and signed in electronic form.
Draft documents are subject to change.
Draft documents are welcome.
Draft documents can also serve to test ideas and analyses.
Draft documents suggest that members of the trade group took only baby steps on the issue.
A draft dodger is a defector
Draft dodgers are deserters.
Draft dodgers look to be in for tougher times.
Draft dodgers pose another problem.
More draft dodgers means fewer soldiers for the missions.
Draft dodging is at an all-time high.
A draft horse is a workhorse
Draft horse is used in Europe.
Draft horse shows in So.
Draft horses accept the stocks because they are a pretty docile.
Draft horses are a little more docile.
Draft horses are draft animals.
Draft horses are heavy and so are the wagons they pull.
Draft horses are horses.
Draft horses are larger and sturdier than horses used for riding or racing.
Draft horses are much more popular in Vermont than in the rest of the Northeast.
Draft horses are muscular and heavy boned with mostly calm temperaments.
Draft horses are muscular, heavy boned, and have mostly calm temperaments.
Draft horses are occasionally for sale.
Draft horses are on either side of the coat of arms and the American eagle rests on the top.
Draft horses are the most gentle horses.
Draft horses are wonderful.
Draft horses continue to play a role in logging.
Draft laws take the form of parliamentary Bills.
Draft lottery begins.
Draft picks are too precious to waste on uncertainties.
Draft standards are available now.
Draft standards are currently available for public review and comment.
Draft tube prevents heat loss through zipper.
A draft is an instrument
Draft affidavits in support of motions for summary judgment.
Draft allows a payment or receipt to be put into header.
Draft allows the pattern to be removed from the sand mold without disturbing the sand.
Draft analyses due.
Draft angles prolong mold life and facilitate part ejection from the mold.
Draft attempts to call out scope and deliverables for bindings group.
Draft bulls off from the mob before starting other yard work.
Draft call barring flow diagrams.
Draft changes to policies or wills or look into making changes regarding jointly held accounts.
Draft clauses on deferral relief for substantial shareholdings.
Draft is a word describe the height of the part of a ship that is below the water line.
Draft is applied to faces at a point referencing the current construction plane.
Draft is at editing check.
Draft is available here .
Draft is deep draft.
Draft is deep fin.
Draft is done in an inverse order.
Draft is done on an inverse order.
Draft is done with a stylus on a wax covered woodboard .
Draft is here .
Draft is moderate, steelwork is first class.
Draft is perhaps the most significant compromise in a heavy-displacement design.
Draft is shown.
Draft is standard draft.
Draft is subject to variation depending time of the year.
Draft is supposed to be cheaper.
Draft is the default setting.
Draft is the depth of the hull structure below the designed waterline.
Draft is the way to go.
Draft Leagues Our most popular leagues.
Draft looks much improved.
Draft looks very promising.
Draft manuscripts due.
Draft needs a further revision of the English, due to misunderstandings but non English readers.
Draft needs more clarification on how timestamp field is used.
Draft plans for action.
Draft plans to build and manage a campus-wide network.
Draft plans to move from present status to ideal.
Draft questionnaires for officers, directors, and principal shareholders.
Draft refers to the taper of the pattern, which allows it to be extended from a compacted sand mold.
Draft reoprt of the rapporteur.
Draft reports for all of the five sub-elements are under review.
Draft reports, compile statistics, prepare budgets and contracts.
Draft reports, review financial analyses, and coordinate briefings.
Draft responses for RFPs and RFIs.
Draft responses to informal grievances, and assist supervisor in handling formal grievances.
Draft responses to PTO actions and oppositions.
Draft responses to routine requests for information for supervisor s review.
Draft responses to the following prompts.
Draft resumes and application letters due for peer review.
Draft resumes and hypotheses due.
Draft stop in place but no insulation installed.
Draft updates to addressing maps and digital file corresponding to assessor accounts.
Draft viewgraphs to Graphics.
Draft wills and trust instruments.
Draft wills, trusts, and other documents necessary for estate administration.
Draft wills, trusts, powers of attorney, and assist in the administration of trusts and estates.
Drafts affect people sensitive to cold much worse than others.
Drafts allow spotting problems while students are in the early stages of the writing process.
Drafts are a major source of energy waster.
Drafts are another problem.
Drafts are available for handout.
Drafts are depth.
Drafts are doses.
Drafts are draft documents valid for a maximum of six months.
Drafts are drinks.
Drafts are due a week to ten days before the revisions.
Drafts are due approximately one month prior to the application deadline.
Drafts are due at the beginning of class on workshop days.
Drafts are due at the beginning of the twelfth class meeting.
Drafts are due throughout the quarter.
Drafts are especially fun because it's usually VERY different from the final script.
Drafts are important steps in effective writing.
Drafts are in the making to build more hotels, restaurants, marinas, and parks.
Drafts are never what they're cracked up to be.
Drafts are pull.
Drafts are regulators.
Drafts are simply air movement that the cattle find uncomfortable.
Drafts are sketchs.
Drafts are text.
Drafts are wind.
Drafts can affect the test results.
Drafts can be a serious hazard for plants in the winter.
Drafts can be very challenging and full of drama and strategy.
Drafts can blow the smoke away from the smoke detector, preventing the smoke detector from sounding.
Drafts can cause rapid, uneven burning and excessive dripping.
Drafts can cause the parakeet to become sick.
Drafts can provide structural insight that is unavailable at the outset.
Drafts can push oxygen into the arc area.
Drafts count in the total number of pages.
Drafts generally reduce comfort and increase the thermostat, increasing energy costs.
Drafts keep bats from trapping body heat and from maintaining optimum conditions for rearing young.
Drafts pour in around the windows.
Drafts show a writer's growth.
Drafts show growth in writing from the beginning of the semester.
Drafts statutes and regulations for programs managed, and testifies before legislative committees.
Drafts tend to run together.
Drafts often appear in conference proceedings.
Drafts often consist of cold air moving across a floor and, as such, are unpleasant.
Drafts usually have a comment period of two or three months from the date of publication.
All drafts are crap shoots.
All drafts are due at the beginning of class on the respective due dates at the latest .
All drafts are due tomorrow.
Every draft is critical to a team s future.
Many drafts sneak in between the baseboard and flooring.
Most Drafts are downloadable free of charge.
A drafter is an author
Drafters also assist in the design process.
Drafters are vital to the world of technology and architecture.
Drafters are writers.
Drafters can advance to designer, checker, or supervisor with additional education or experience.
Drafters draw pictures for a living.
Drafters prepare detailed drawings used to manufacture or build any object or structure.
Drafters prepare technical drawings.
Drafters rely on precedents, using ancient clauses rather than 'risk' using original language.
Drafters select their projects from a wide range of topic areas.
Drafters use prepared programs to assist in creating drawings.
Drafters use software to convert the designs of engineers and architects into technical drawings.
Drafters work closely with clients, editors, and faculty.
Drafters work closely with engineers in product conception and design.
Drafters work form the designer's spoken instructions, rough sketches, notes and calculations.
Drafters work in every industry that manufactures or constructs a product.
Drafters work with a team of engineers, architects, and craft workers.
Many drafters prefer to use a black drawing area background.
Many drafters specialize in an area.
Many drafters specialize.
Many drafters use more than one dimstyle.
Most drafters work from rough sketches, specifications and technical data furnished by engineers.
Most drafters work in industries that are sensitive to swings in the economy.
Some drafters learn their trade mainly through experience after they leave high school.
Some drafters work for colleges and universities and nonprofit organizations.
Drafting are trade.
Drafting are writing.
A draftsman is an artist
Draftsmen make the drawings that help industry turn ideas into the technology of tomorrow.
Drag City calls it a hot new full-length.
Drag forces can have a significant influence on a rocket moving through an atmosphere.
Drag forces have magnitudes.
Drag forces have same magnitudes.
Most drag forces have magnitudes.
Most drag forces have same magnitudes.
Drag performance is about the same.
Drag pipes are a sign of a lowlife moron with no respect for others.
Drag pipes do have their place.
Drag queen has and loses beautiful lover, a bisexual lover, and adopts a gay son.
Drag queen helps schizophrenic straight woman live outside a mental hospital.
Drag queens can vary widely by class and culture.
Every drag queen is a diva.
Many drag queens stay a little ahead of bulk of the crowd, so that they have more room to perform.
Drag races are loud.
Drag racers are long.
Drag racers continue to break speed records almost as soon as they're set.
Drag racers get free admission to the museum.
Most drag racers are males.
Drag shows seem to be the highest aesthetic.
Drag Strip uses minimal floor space.
Drag strips are speedways.
Many drag strips have concrete pads for the first few hundred feet.
Many drag strips hold bracket drags every week.
Drag vehicles have wide tires.
Drag is clothing.
Drag is costumes.
Drag is pull.
Drag is resistance
Drag is resistance.
DRAG trim for low noise and low vibration.
Drags have to work smoothly when wet.
Drags prevent overspooling and slow the runs of bigger fish.
Drag always acts in a direction opposite thrust.
Draggable clips are very useful and ridiculously easy to make.
A dragger is a fishing boat
Dragger clicks by holding the mouse still for an adjustable amount of time.
Draggers fish most often with nets that ride along the ocean bottom.
Draggers haul large, heavy nets along the floor of the sea, over and over again.
Draggings is pulling.
Dragline silk is the fiber from which spiders make the scaffolding of their webs.
A dragnet is a system
Dragnet is looney.
Dragnet is pretty good too.
Dragnet meets The Twilight Zone.
Dragnets are systems.
Dragon boats are available in many sizes.
Dragon boats race in pairs through town with traditional dancers in the bow.
Dragon boating is a great means for team building, getting fit or just having fun in the water.
Dragon boating is a team sport that builds harmony and a feeling of togetherness.
Dragon boating is the fastest growing water sport in Canada.
All dragon breeds are different.
Dragon City covers all combinations.
Some dragon fire comes into contact.
Dragon fish is a trade name to help it sell.
Dragon fish see using chlorophyll.
Dragon fruit is available in red and white fleshed varieties.
Some dragon gobies eat shrimp.
Dragon Island looks like a dragon hovering above the turquoise water.
Some dragon teeth have properties.
A dragon tree is a dracaena
Dragon trees grow slowly, but they can live for several centuries.
Dragon coils around it, tempting the steadfast observer, offering doubtful fruits of knowledge.
Dragon designs around the enameling and stones.
Dragon dictate classic for discrete SR as a starting point.
Dragon is a mythical creature
Dragon is agamids.
Dragon is animals.
Dragon is beasts.
Dragon is capable of flies.
Dragon is cools.
Dragon is made of scales.
Dragon is reptiles.
Dragon is used for killing.
Dragon pictures wizard pictures.
Dragon punch away, baby.
Dragon wins it by submission using a reverse full nelson with a bridge.
Dragon works poorly as a multi-user system.
Dragons abound at the yearly festivals on kites, boats and in the dances and parades.
Dragons also pose a curiosity to their alleged immortality.
Dragons appear everywhere in the imperial palace.
Dragons are a lot more sneaky.
Dragons are able to catch the scent of faerie from a mile in the air.
Dragons are all-powerful sentients, and extremely terretorial.
Dragons are an iconic creature of legend.
Dragons are an important part of the Chinese culture.
Dragons are auspicious animals with divine properties.
Dragons are benevolent creatures in the East, who help mankind, and chase away evil demons.
Dragons are big, ferocious beasts that breathe fire.
Dragons are capable of shedding skin and becomming anew.
Dragons are complex beings.
Dragons are confident and strong, entering all battles unassisted.
Dragons are creatures of fantasy.
Dragons are dangerous.
Dragons are dauntless, dynamic and delightful.
Dragons are depicted on flags, emblems, tapestries, maps, pottery, pictographs, and more.
Dragons are dictatorial.
Dragons are dinosaurs.
Dragons are egotistical, eccentric, demanding, and giving.
Dragons are extremely loyal to friends and family.
Dragons are fearless, dynamic and delightful.
Dragons are good at hiding.
Dragons are great serpentine beasts with wings.
Dragons are heavily armored with scales and are extremely tough.
Dragons are high on the list.
Dragons are highly intelligent creatures, often more than the typical player races.
Dragons are idealists and perfectionists.
Dragons are immune to poison.
Dragons are important because they mean good luck.
Dragons are large.
Dragons are larger than drakes, but smaller than wyverns.
Dragons are like that.
Dragons are memorialized in legends, historical accounts, and artwork from around the world.
Dragons are more dangerous, and a good deal commoner, than bears.
Dragons are most abundant in the lower arid forest and savanna.
Dragons are most suited with monkeys and rats.
Dragons are naturally showy, and often are prone to excess.
Dragons are no more.
Dragons are odd, and equally so they attract the odd in persons and events.
Dragons are one of the most magnificent creatures of legend.
Dragons are our specialty.
Dragons are powerful creatures using magic to travel between dimensions.
Dragons are pure passion, their hearts are of fire and ice.
Dragons are purely imaginary.
Dragons are quick healers.
Dragons are real and they still walk the earth.
Dragons are real.
Dragons are really popular right now.
Dragons are scrupulous, astute, and influential but maybe emotional.
Dragons are self-confident, but also hungry for power.
Dragons are so wise that they have been royal advisors.
Dragons are stable and easy to fly.
Dragons are still fragile.
Dragons are strong, fierce, caring, loving, sensitive beings.
Dragons are susceptible to flattery.
Dragons are terrible snobs.
Dragons are the combination of the forces of the depths.
Dragons are the heroes, humans are the evil ones.
Dragons are to be handled with care.
Dragons are tremendously powerful, and an angry one can do some really serious harm.
Dragons are tyrannical, full of themselves.
Dragons are tyrannical.
Dragons are usually four legged, around the size of a small home to that of a chapel.
Dragons are very fiery people.
Dragons are very popular images in catalan tradition.
Dragons are very popular in China.
Dragons are winged and they breathe fire.
Dragons are, however, unpredictable and often eccentric.
Dragons are, in all conventional cases, unnatural and dangerous creatures.
Dragons arn't all about death, blood, sadness, ect.
Dragons be very big.
Dragons can also recognize individual humans .
Dragons can also recognize individual humans.
Dragons can be both stubborn and selfish, but beneath, there is also a strong moral code.
Dragons can be quite full of themselves, but are generous with people.
Dragons can be wonderful allies.
Dragons can do many things well.
Dragons can look like dinosaurs and other extinct animals.
Dragons can overreact.
Dragons can struggle with the slower pace of the Snake.
Dragons coil their way around the streets to the sound of drums and symbols.
Dragons come with adoption certificates.
Dragons compare favorably to orcs, half-orcs, and PC's as intelligent creatures.
Dragons consider themselves very strong.
Dragons deem Roosters inventive and sensible.
Dragons do have a basis in reality.
Dragons encourage man to explore the world once again.
Dragons exemplify the carefree side of kite flying.
Dragons exist now, here, today, in one form or another.
Dragons features gourment Oriental cuisine.
Dragons fields teams in both the mens and womens grades.
Dragons fly by a window that frames the creation of a princess's dress.
Dragons follow parallel paths.
Dragons form a telepathic bond with their riders at hatching.
Dragons grow in size, armor, and strength as they age.
Dragons grow stronger with age in both damage and armor AND size.
Dragons grow to giant proportions, living for centuries and amassing huge sums of treasure.
Dragons have a greater degree of influence over their own reproductive systems than humanoids do.
Dragons have a long history of being associated with the emperor in China.
Dragons have a longer body and throat than drakes.
Dragons have great knowledge.
Dragons have hoards, that word is used far more often than treasure, for example.
Dragons have rough skin, long limbs and alert upright postures.
Dragons have the power of complete communication.
Dragons have to stay in their castles.
Dragons indicate areas for transformation and warn of temptation.
Dragons intimidate people, unintentionally and often unknowingly.
Dragons is a meeting place for many Dragons and dragonlovers.
Dragons is the mascot for all the teams.
Dragons Keep An interactive journey.
Dragons know how to sleep lightly when they are expecting company.
Dragons lack patience.
Dragons leave about twenty eggs in empty nests left by birds called megapodes .
Dragons leave about twenty eggs in empty nests left by birds called megapodes.
Dragons like to chew on edible potted plants that are placed in their cage.
Dragons like to run through very shallow pans of water in their cage.
Dragons live in caves, mountains, or lakes.
Dragons lock up in combat.
Dragons make the land waste.
Dragons move with the wind.
Dragons now cost even more to produce.
Dragons now cost more to produce.
Dragons peer downward from facades and ornate rooftops.
Dragons prevent the dissemination of wealth.
Dragons prowl the earth, devour one another and die.
Dragons recognize ambition and power, especially when it is concentrated in one individual.
Dragons represent beauty, strength, mysticism, and wisdom.
Dragons represent many things to different beings.
Dragons represent many things to many cultures.
Dragons suddenly become very tough.
Dragons suffering from chronic illnesses can expect an unexpectedly swift recovery in their health.
Dragons symbolize power and masculinity.
Dragons symbolize yang, the male principal, in Tao.
Dragons take flight into the disappearing sky.
Dragons take kindly to Rats.
Dragons take their time.
Dragons tap into deeper currents of elemental energies than humans.
Dragons tells of the incredible fight for survival of land and marine iguanas in Galapagos.
Dragons tend to have long hind limbs, small, coarse scales and large heads.
Dragons thrill our dreams and haunt our legends.
Dragons traditionally have wings, scales and breathe fire.
All dragons have a different personalities.
All dragons have female features when they are young.
All dragons possess the ability to radiate dragonfear .
Many dragons have wings or the head and forelegs of a lion or bird of prey.
Most dragons have scales of some sort.
Some dragons are small, while others are short .
Some Dragons are very small and some are very large.
Some dragons can speak, and some have magical powers.
Some dragons have caves.
Some dragons have visible scars from conflicts with wild boars.
Some dragons never learn.
Some dragons use tools to suppliment their natural attacks.
Dragonfly larvae feed on aquatic insects.
Dragonfly larvae feed on insects.
Dragonfly nymph feeds on live prey.
Dragonfly nymph feeds on prey.
Dragonfly nymph has eyes.
Most dragonfly nymph feeds on live prey.
Most dragonfly nymph feeds on prey.
Most dragonfly nymph has eyes.
Some dragonfly nymph lives in water.
A dragonfly is an odonate
Dragonflies abound along with many other insects.
Dragonflies adapt to environments.
Dragonflies also deposit eggs in water.
Dragonflies also eat many different kinds of flies.
Dragonflies also eat other kinds of flies and the occasional honeybee.
Dragonflies also have the advantage of excellent eyesight.
Dragonflies are a good example.
Dragonflies are agile fliers, while damselflies have a weaker, fluttery flight.
Dragonflies are also an excellent method of imposing control.
Dragonflies are also on their way.
Dragonflies are also particularly weak to flattery.
Dragonflies are among the fastest and most acrobatic insects on wings.
Dragonflies are among the most ancient of living creatures.
Dragonflies are among the most striking animals in the insect kingdom.
Dragonflies are ancient insects.
Dragonflies are beneficial insects, keeping the populations of pests like mosquitoes, down.
Dragonflies are bigger and keep their wings in a fixed horizontal position.
Dragonflies are capable of flies.
Dragonflies are capable of thermoregulation.
Dragonflies are carnivorous and therefore indicators at the top of their food chain.
Dragonflies are difficult to photograph and are uncooperative models in the laboratory.
Dragonflies are dragonflies, cockroaches are cockroaches.
Dragonflies are everywhere and a variety of butterflies are attracted to wildflowers.
Dragonflies are everywhere.
Dragonflies are extremely choosy about their habitat.
Dragonflies are fast flying predators on small insects with some species hovering like a helicopter.
Dragonflies are found all over the world.
Dragonflies are found on every continent except Antarctica.
Dragonflies are generalists, that is, they eat whatever suitable prey is abundant.
Dragonflies are generally bigger and faster than damselflies.
Dragonflies are generally larger, stouter, in addition to being stronger fliers.
Dragonflies are good at hiding and staying out of reach from the feeding trout.
Dragonflies are good examples of incomplete metamorphosis.
Dragonflies are harmless.
Dragonflies are highly beneficial predators that destroy large numbers of mosquitoes.
Dragonflies are highly skilled predators.
Dragonflies are incredible aerial acrobats, seemingly able to perform impossible maneuvers.
Dragonflies are insects that have long bodies, transparent wings, and large eyes.
Dragonflies are insects.
Dragonflies are just fun.
Dragonflies are larger.
Dragonflies are medium to large flying insects.
Dragonflies are more closely related to scorpionflies than to stoneflies.
Dragonflies are multicellular because they are made up of many cells.
Dragonflies are natural enemies of mosquitoes in all their stages of growth.
Dragonflies are natural predators of mosquitoes .
Dragonflies are natural predators of mosquitoes.
Dragonflies are now very common along the river, pond and lake.
Dragonflies are odonates.
Dragonflies are often the top predators in bog pools, which, due to their acidity, lack fish.
Dragonflies are opportunist feeders, preying on whatever they can find.
Dragonflies are particularly fascinating.
Dragonflies are powerful allies to connect with the spirit of nature.
Dragonflies are predators that eat insects.
Dragonflies are predatory insects which means they fly around eating other insects.
Dragonflies are predatory insects.
Dragonflies are probably the ideal insect to begin with to learn identification skills.
Dragonflies are quick to colonise new ponds, and are usually present in all good wildlife ponds.
Dragonflies are quite abundant and feed on other bugs like mosquitoes.
Dragonflies are skilled flyers.
Dragonflies are some of the fastest, best fliers in the insect world.
Dragonflies are sometimes the top predators in ponds with no fish.
Dragonflies are strong flyers, though most individuals stay around their natal pond or stream.
Dragonflies are the embodiment of color magic, and transformation.
Dragonflies are the most aerodynamically perfect animal on the planet.
Dragonflies are totally harmless to people.
Dragonflies are true visionaries.
Dragonflies are unique in that they are carnivorous, eating other insects in abundance.
Dragonflies are unmatched as fliers and have a very agile, deliberate flight.
Dragonflies are unusual in using the direct flight muscles to power flight.
Dragonflies are usually much bigger and thicker bodied than damselflies.
Dragonflies are very passionate individuals.
Dragonflies become scarce at higher latitudes.
Dragonflies belong to the order Odonata.
Dragonflies buzz about, multicolored flying machine-like organisms.
Dragonflies can accelerate in an instant, turn on a dime, hover in place, and even fly backwards.
Dragonflies can consume their weight in mosquitoes in a half hour.
Dragonflies can hover in mid air and then rapidly accelerate.
Dragonflies can hover in one place, fly extremely fast, and even fly backwards.
Dragonflies can live under water for a long time.
Dragonflies can move each of their four wings independently.
Dragonflies can see in all directions at the same time.
Dragonflies can see in color.
Dragonflies catch and eat their prey in flight.
Dragonflies catch pests.
Dragonflies come from eggs.
Dragonflies come in a variety of colors including blue, green, yellow, and red.
Dragonflies consume a large percentage of their own body weight in insects each and every day.
Dragonflies create sound energy during flight.
Dragonflies dance across the surface.
Dragonflies dart about and then swoop down for the kill.
Dragonflies dip their tails to lay eggs.
Dragonflies do have ways that can protect themselves from predators.
Dragonflies eat a lot, and they constantly hunt for food.
Dragonflies eat bugs and insects.
Dragonflies eat food.
Dragonflies eat larvae.
Dragonflies eat meals.
Dragonflies eat mosquito larvae.
Dragonflies eat mosquitoes, according to the information on the package.
Dragonflies eat prey.
Dragonflies eat salamander larvae.
Dragonflies eat several different kinds of insects.
Dragonflies eat tiny larvae.
Dragonflies emerge from lakes and marshes.
Dragonflies emerge from the water in the warm months of spring or summer.
Dragonflies feed on pest insects in rice, acting as a natural pest control.
Dragonflies find their way by using the sun as a guide.
Dragonflies flit above warm air pockets and deep green leaves dangle from tired oak.
Dragonflies fly over surfaces.
Dragonflies fly, fire flies illuminate during night time.
Dragonflies form the hilt of the swords to illuminate their lessons.
Dragonflies go back to the time of the dinosaurs.
Dragonflies go on and on, the Energizer bunnies of evolution.
Dragonflies has-part eyes.
Dragonflies has-part legs.
Dragonflies has-part mouthparts.
Dragonflies has-part wings.
Dragonflies have (part) air sacs.
Dragonflies have (part) brains.
Dragonflies have (part) carapaces.
Dragonflies have (part) cell membranes.
Dragonflies have (part) cells.
Dragonflies have (part) corpi.
Dragonflies have (part) cytoplasm.
Dragonflies have (part) ears.
Dragonflies have (part) faces.
Dragonflies have (part) flight feathers.
Dragonflies have (part) heads.
Dragonflies have (part) nuclei.
Dragonflies have (part) plasma membranes.
Dragonflies have (part) quill feathers.
Dragonflies have (part) sections.
Dragonflies have (part) shells.
Dragonflies have (part) skulls.
Dragonflies have (part) thoraxes.
Dragonflies have (part) vacuoles.
Dragonflies have a hard time working for other people.
Dragonflies have abdomens.
Dragonflies have ability.
Dragonflies have big eyes.
Dragonflies have bulkier bodies than damselflies, with a shorter, thicker appearance.
Dragonflies have enormous eyes, while the eyes of damselflies are smaller and set more widely apart.
Dragonflies have excellent vision.
Dragonflies have extremely good vision, which they use to locate and catch small insects in flight.
Dragonflies have flap wings.
Dragonflies have four wings.
Dragonflies have large compound eyes , which is their main sense organ .
Dragonflies have large compound eyes, which is their main sense organ.
Dragonflies have large wings.
Dragonflies have legs.
Dragonflies have long, slender bodies that vary in color and are frequently metallic.
Dragonflies have mandibulate or chewing mouthparts.
Dragonflies have no hard parts, such as exoskeletons, to fossilize.
Dragonflies have nymphs that live in water, such as in lakes and rivers.
Dragonflies have organs.
Dragonflies have predators.
Dragonflies have secondary sex organs.
Dragonflies have sex organs.
Dragonflies have some enemies.
Dragonflies have spindly legs.
Dragonflies have tremendous eyesight .
Dragonflies have tremendous eyesight.
Dragonflies have two pairs of clear wings and three pairs of legs attached to the thorax.
Dragonflies have two pairs of wings.
Dragonflies have two quite separate life stages.
Dragonflies have two sets of paired, transparent wings.
Dragonflies have veins.
Dragonflies have very keen vision, with a field of vision that is almost a complete sphere.
Dragonflies have vision.
Dragonflies have wings.
Dragonflies help control populations of biting flies like mosquitos.
Dragonflies hold their wings flat when at rest.
Dragonflies hold their wings out perpendicular to their bodies when resting, like an airplane.
Dragonflies hold their wings spread when they rest, while damselflies hold their wings up.
Dragonflies hunt other insects by sight, both as adults and as aquatic nymphs.
Dragonflies lift wings.
Dragonflies live for weeks.
Dragonflies live throughout the world.
Dragonflies live under the water.
Dragonflies locate their prey mainly by using their large compound eyes to locate prey.
Dragonflies look for their food during the daytime.
Dragonflies love to be near water.
Dragonflies mate, often in mid-air, in a maneuver reminiscent of passing a baton.
Dragonflies need food.
Dragonflies patrol wetlands in search of smaller insects like flies and midges.
Dragonflies play an important role in nature.
Dragonflies play an important role in the control of the mosquito population.
Dragonflies possess habitats.
Dragonflies provide food for large salmon.
Dragonflies quickly reappear when one is clearing the pool of the fern.
Dragonflies require water.
Dragonflies seek prey.
Dragonflies shake wings.
Dragonflies sit with their wings spread out horizontally.
Dragonflies slide by.
Dragonflies specialize in different kinds of hunting techniques.
Dragonflies spend much of their lives as extremely ugly, underwater nymphs.
Dragonflies spend the early part of their lives underwater in the nymph stage.
Dragonflies spread wings.
Dragonflies start to grow in water and then move into the air and fly.
Dragonflies symbolize whirlwind, swiftness and activity.
Dragonflies take flight.
Dragonflies There are seven species of dragonflies in New Zealand.
Dragonflies undergo incomplete metamorphosis during their development.
Dragonflies undergo incomplete metamorphosis with the female dragonfly typically laying eggs water.
Dragonflies usally live by ponds, marshes, slow moving waters or rivers.
Dragonflies use sexual reproduction to produce offspring.
Dragonflies zigzag over the olive water.
Dragonfly isa insect.
Dragonflies often patrol a well defended territory.
Dragonflies sometimes stop by to see if there's any water in the meadow.
Dragonflies usually munch their meals while in flight.
All dragonflies are carnivorous in both the larval and adult stages of their lives.
Many dragonflies migrate across the countryside.
Most dragonflies adapt to environments.
Most dragonflies can catch prey on the wing.
Most dragonflies capture their prey in flight, plucking live insects right out of the air.
Most dragonflies catch pests.
Most dragonflies come from eggs.
Most dragonflies eat food.
Most dragonflies eat larvae.
Most dragonflies eat meals.
Most dragonflies eat mosquito larvae.
Most dragonflies eat prey.
Most dragonflies eat salamander larvae.
Most dragonflies eat tiny larvae.
Most dragonflies fly over surfaces.
Most dragonflies has-part eyes.
Most dragonflies has-part legs.
Most dragonflies has-part mouthparts.
Most dragonflies has-part wings.
Most dragonflies have abdomens.
Most dragonflies have ability.
Most dragonflies have flap wings.
Most dragonflies have legs.
Most dragonflies have organs.
Most dragonflies have predators.
Most dragonflies have secondary sex organs.
Most dragonflies have sex organs.
Most dragonflies have spindly legs.
Most dragonflies have vision.
Most dragonflies have wings.
Most dragonflies hold their wings horizontally .
Most dragonflies hold their wings horizontally.
Most dragonflies lift wings.
Most dragonflies live for weeks.
Most dragonflies possess habitats.
Most dragonflies require water.
Most dragonflies seek prey.
Most dragonflies shake wings.
Most dragonflies spread wings.
Most dragonflies take flight.
Some dragonflies appear in zones.
Some dragonflies are capable of rapid shifts in direction.
Some dragonflies can fly non-stop from dawn until dusk, sixteen hours in some cases.
Some dragonflies change their resting position to prevent overheating .
Some dragonflies change their resting position to prevent overheating.
Some dragonflies depend on vegetation.
Some dragonflies eat ants.
Some dragonflies eat bugs.
Some dragonflies eat fire ants.
Some dragonflies eat insects.
Some dragonflies eat mosquitoes.
Some dragonflies eat wing ants.
Some dragonflies emerge from lakes.
Some dragonflies emerge from marsh.
Some dragonflies emerge from swamp.
Some dragonflies fly over water.
Some dragonflies fly so high and fast that they are very difficult to catch.
Some dragonflies give birth to larvae.
Some dragonflies have senses.
Some dragonflies have sites.
Some dragonflies have visual senses.
Some dragonflies hold wings.
Some dragonflies live for several years.
Some dragonflies live for years.
Some dragonflies live in environments.
Some dragonflies live in regions.
Some dragonflies live in swamp.
Some dragonflies live near ponds.
Some dragonflies migrate.
Some dragonflies occur in Ireland.
Some dragonflies require heat.
Some dragonflies rest on husks.
Some dragonflies rest on marsh.
Some dragonflies signal ownership with striking colours on the face, abdomen, legs, or wings.
Some dragonflies sit on hands.
Some dragonflies survive for years.
Some dragonflies thrive in environments.
Some dragonflies use penises.
Some dragonflies use power.
A dragoon is a soldier
Dragoon allows specification of coordination of single objects only.
Dragoons are horse troops, used for shock and reconnaissance.
Dragoons are mounted infantry.
Drain cleaner is almost that strong.
Drain cleaner is another strong base.
Drain cleaner Use a plunger.
Drain cleaners are dangerous.
Drain cleaners work great here.
Most drain cleaners contain lye, hydrochloric acid or trichloroethane.
Most drain cleaners contain lye, hydrochloric acid or trychloroethane.
Some drain cleaners rely on the reactive process.
Drain commissioners act out by mocking the public they serve.
Drain flies are a common problem in restaurant sinks and drains, etc.
Drain flies are a common, Major health hazard.
Drain flies are insects.
Drain flies are small and dark grey.
Drain flies are small, dark, fuzzy, moth-like insects.
Drain flies breed in floor drains, sink overflows, and unused urinals, sump pumps and sewers.
Drain flies breed in polluted shallow water or the scum that often collects around drains.
Drain lines require maintenance.
Drain openers are extremely corrosive.
Drain openers unclog kitchen and bathroom drains.
Drain tiles can provide a direct route for nitrate to reach lakes and streams.
A drain is an evacuation
Drain apples on absorbent paper.
Drain apples on paper towels.
Drain appliances one at a time.
Drain beignets well on paper towels.
Drain blintzes briefly on paper towels.
Drain boudins, cool at room temperature, and refrigerate.
Drain breasts well and let cool.
Drain croquettes on paper towels and serve hot with steamed or stir-fried vegetables.
Drain croquettes on paper towels.
Drain drippins from bacon into baking dish or small bean pot.
Drain flows continuously.
Drain fritters on a paper towel.
Drain fritters on absorbent paper.
Drain hens, reserving marinade.
Drain juices right before serving.
Drain juices well.
Drain leaves on paper towels.
Drain openers Baking soda and vinegar, followed by boiling water.
Drain pancakes on rack or paper towels as they are ready.
Drain pears in a colander, rinse under cold water and shake dry.
Drain pears into saucepan and place on warm serving platter.
Drain prunes in a colander over a bowl, reserving liquid.
Drain raisins and add along with lemon juice.
Drain raisins and add to mixture.
Drain raisins and add to the rice with lemon juice and saffron-colored milk.
Drain raisins and fold in carrots and raisins.
Drain raspberries, if necessary, and combine with the jam.
Drain raspberries, reserve liquid.
Drain raspberries, reserving juice.
Drain raspberries, reserving liquid.
Drain sausages on paper towels and add to simmering sauce.
Drain slices on paper towels.
Drain tomatoes thoroughly, before adding spices.
Drain valves in cooling system, lube oil system, and air reservoirs.
Drain valves in cooling system.
Drain valves or spouts make vacs easy to empty .
Drain valves with hose thread adapter to drain shell and tubes.
Drains also reduce the variability in yields within a paddock.
Drains are capable of tubes.
Drains are capable of wick.
Drains are constructed quickly, there are few delays.
Drains are depletion.
Drains are emptying.
Drains are important to aid in healing.
Drains are located in swimming pools.
Drains are part of sewers.
Drains are part of showers.
Drains are part of toilets.
Drains are pipes.
Drains are slippery and it is easy to fall over.
Drains are swept, weeds are cut back, debris is burned and public areas are repainted.
Drains are tubes.
Drains collect some of the poisonous runoff.
Drains collect water into a key dam with irrigation potential.
Drains have vents to the outside atmosphere.
Drains Keep drains clear by flushing with boiling water weekly.
Drains lead into molds.
Drains only make money for plumbers.
Drains remove contaminated runoff to storage.
Drains Use a sink strainer to avoid blocked drains.
All drains feed into waste water treatment system.
All drains have drain traps.
Some drains tend to be too wet, too slippery or just too boring to explore.
A drainage area is a geographical area
Drainage areas are small and predominantly forested.
A drainage basin is a geographical area
Drainage basins are also valuable environmental stress impact units.
Drainage basins are crucial for resource management, ecosystems analysis, and global-change studies.
Drainage basins are important in ecology .
Drainage basins are separated by topographic highs called divides.
Drainage basins are slightly smaller and sediment supply is less resulting in narrower margins.
Drainage basins are the area of land that drain into rivers, streams, ponds, and estuaries.
Drainage basins are the principal hydrologic unit considered in fluvial geomorphology .
Drainage basins differ in size and complexity, and are often subject to scale considerations.
Drainage channels are discordant in part, where they cut across the structure.
Drainage density is a measure of the length of channel per unit area.
Drainage density is a measure of the length of stream channel per unit area of drainage basin.
Drainage Density Is the measure of the length of stream channel per unit area of drainage basin.
Some drainage districts build dams.
Drainage divides are red.
Drainage divides are ridges or other areas that separate different drainage basins.
Drainage law gives drainage boards access seizure on private property.
Drainage law involves lots of complicated issues.
Drainage pattern is parallel and streams are oriented normal to the Lake Erie shoreline.
Drainage pattern suggests that area is being tilted to the north.
Drainage patterns are noted and the possibilities for redirecting the flow of water are assessed.
Drainage patterns have some interesting, systematic geometric properties.
Drainage patterns tend to reflect underlying rock structure.
A drainage system is a system
Drainage system needs to be improved.
Drainage systems are another common feature.
Drainage systems are systems.
Drainage systems are typically dendritic except in areas underlain by carbonate.
Drainage systems grow by headward erosion, which commonly results in stream piracy.
Drainage systems silt up and exterior coatings disintegrate.
Every drainage system needs repair sooner or later.
Every drainage system needs some periodic inspection to see that the system performs properly.
Most drainage systems can, however, serve biodiversity as well as safety objectives.
Drainage also can be a problem.
Drainage also cleans canals and laterals within the force drainage systems, in the parish.
Drainage becomes an issue.
Drainage can add additional volume of soil to the crops' root zone.
Drainage can be a problem.
Drainage Check the appropriate response for evidence of topographical problems.
Drainage continues into the right lymphatic duct on the right and the thoracic duct on the left.
Drainage ditches on either side of the runway and standing water add to the threat.
Drainage ditches that fill during storms.
Drainage ditches that traverse open fields are likely spots for bucks to use on opening day.
Drainage divides Higher elevations of land that outline the edges of the water shed.
Drainage divides hinder river navigation .
Drainage enters the underground spring system .
Drainage goes north and south from an east-west ridge approximately in the center of the property.
Drainage has effects.
Drainage has impact.
Drainage has indirect effects.
Drainage has indirect negative effects.
Drainage has little effect on frost heave in the soil beneath infrastructures.
Drainage has negative effects.
Drainage helps for awhile.
Drainage is a concern.
Drainage is a constant concern and canals serve to drain the land.
Drainage is a critical issue for groundhogs.
Drainage is a key to take-all patch control, especially when new seedings are planned.
Drainage is a major concern in the neighborhood.
Drainage is a problem in some areas, as is erosion.
Drainage is a problem on the ballfields and in other areas in the park.
Drainage is a problem simply because of the erosion being caused by run-off next to the iron fence.
Drainage is a serious issue when one is confined to a small space.
Drainage is absolutely necessary.
Drainage is adequate.
Drainage is affected by the height of the container.
Drainage is almost entirely underground and there are well developed cave systems.
Drainage is also a factor.
Drainage is also a technique used extensively by farmers.
Drainage is also an important consideration in successful planting.
Drainage is also an important.
Drainage is an evacuation
Drainage is an important issue all over the city.
Drainage is an important issue for the people of Lee County.
Drainage is another important characteristic.
Drainage is another important factor in the growing process of vegetables.
Drainage is another important factor when selecting containers.
Drainage is another important quality of soil.
Drainage is another public issue.
Drainage is atrocious.
Drainage is average.
Drainage is by several creeks flowing southward to the Red River.
Drainage is caused by construction.
Drainage is caused by road construction.
Drainage is controlled through a pneumatic pinch or electric plug valve.
Drainage is critical to the health of a cactus plant's root system.
Drainage is critically important in Sarasota.
Drainage is crucial to outdoor storage.
Drainage is crucial to the performance of a road.
Drainage is crucial, so plant in a raised bed, ideally beneath high trees.
Drainage is difficult to assess because of the color inherited from the shale.
Drainage is easier if the composter is raised above the level of the floor.
Drainage is encouraged to attend.
Drainage is essential in heavier soils.
Drainage is essential.
Drainage is excellent.
Drainage is excessive.
Drainage is extremely poor, with marshy conditions prevailing in summer, as shown here.
Drainage is generally a high priority, but is also appropriately funded from utility rates.
Drainage is generally very poor on the shield.
Drainage is good to the Blue River, Davis Creek, and the Platte River.
Drainage is good, with a gentle slope to the northwest.
Drainage is good.
Drainage is important to forest roads.
Drainage is important.
Drainage is impractical because of the continual flow of groundwater supplying the fens.
Drainage is improved by planting on a slope a northern slope is preferable to a southern slope.
Drainage is in place, and grading continues.
Drainage is in, getting ready for concrete.
Drainage is ineffective if the abnormality is tissue rather than fluid.
Drainage is inhibites by the natural healing process.
Drainage is installed behind a small retaining wall at Richmond Beach last year.
Drainage is key to healthy plants and herbs.
Drainage is maintained for several days to help prevent the abscess from reforming.
Drainage is moderately good.
Drainage is more critical than soil type, though chestnuts prefer a sandy loam.
Drainage is necessary before the soil can be cultivated.
Drainage is nothing unusual.
Drainage is of major concern.
Drainage is of particular value in every day practice.
Drainage is only a small quantity of sanitary wastewater.
Drainage is poor in the lower elevations and wet soils are common.
Drainage is poor, allowing water to pond.
Drainage is poor, as is aeration, but nutrient content is usually high.
Drainage is poor.
Drainage is quick and complete.
Drainage is rapid in the mountains, slow in the basins, and absent in the bolsons.
Drainage is rapid through the soil and underlying bedrock down to the water table.
Drainage is reduced when the container is set on a solid surface such as a cement or patio floor.
Drainage is required for areas with waterlogging problems.
Drainage is required for most uses other than woodland and wildlife habitat.
Drainage is required to prevent salinity build-up and water logging in the root zone of crops.
Drainage is similar to external approach to retropharyngeal space.
Drainage is slow above the hardpan and rapid below it.
Drainage is slow, since water and nutrients move through the pore spaces slowly.
Drainage is sluggish.
Drainage is still a problem and an expert in that area who can help.
Drainage is still under study.
Drainage is the answer, but doing it right is paramount.
Drainage is the big problem.
Drainage is the definitive treatment.
Drainage is the ease of removing water from pulp fibers, either by gravity or mechanical means.
Drainage is the most important thing to consider before a plant is put in the ground.
Drainage is the removal of excess water from the soil.
Drainage is the same as for the medial retropharyngeal nodes.
Drainage is then to the thoracic duct.
Drainage is to a septic tank.
Drainage is to container gardening as location is to real estate.
Drainage is to high internal jugular chain.
Drainage is to the forks of the Brazos River, White River, and numerous playas.
Drainage is to the high internal jugular chain.
Drainage is underground.
Drainage is used to a greater extent in Ontario and Quebec on soils that have poor natural drainage.
Drainage is usually the most significant determinant of costs.
Drainage is very complex, with nine major river basins.
Drainage is very important to all citrus.
Drainage is very important when designing or selecting containers and planters.
Drainage is very important.
Drainage is very slow off of the extensive flat land.
Drainage is well developed and many steep ravines are present.
Drainage is yet another issue to consider.
Drainage isa removal.
Drainage probably causes more variability in yield than any other factor.
Drainage reduces the seepage forces on a slope as well as erosion.
Drainage removes water and increases the dry matter content of the peat.
Drainages are an often-used path of travel.
Drainages are well defined except in some undulating areas where eolian materials cover the bedrock.
Drainages carved by glaciers form steep canyons that open into the valley floor.
Drainages cross the corridor generally from northeast to southwest in well-defined arroyos.
Drainages plunge thunderously down hundreds of waterfalls.
Drainage usually involves using a bulldozer to open a large area in the surrounding hill.
Drainage usually results in the cysts just re-expanding.
All drainage is underground.
Any drainage comes through or out of the end of the cast.
Most drainage has effects.
Most drainage has impact.
Most drainage has indirect effects.
Most drainage has indirect negative effects.
Most drainage has negative effects.
Most drainage is caused by construction.
Most drainage is caused by road construction.
Some drainage causes damage.
Some drainage continues from the landslide deposits down into the heads of the canyons.
Some drainage is beneficial, because de-oxygenated water or heavier pollutants can drain away.
Some drainage leads to damage.
Some drainage leads to tissue damage.
Some drainage reduces potential.
Some drainage threatens survival.
Drained breasts make milk faster.
Drained conditions are best for good root development that is proportionate to top growth.
Drained lakes are the least common lake type found in Wisconsin.
Drained soils can be very productive for agriculture crops and very desirable for building.
Drainings are flowing.
Drainpipe has (part) readsides.
Drainpipe has (part) sections.
Drainpipe is a pipe
Drainpipe isa pipe.
Drainpipes spewing untreated industrial wastes into waterways are largely a thing of the past.
Drake equations have practical values.
Drake equations have real practical values.
Drake equations have real values.
Drake equations have values.
Most drake equations have practical values.
Most drake equations have real practical values.
Most drake equations have real values.
Most drake equations have values.
Most Drake students come across the name a lot in their daily routines.
A drake is a duck
Drake admits that no one knows the values of any factor in the equation for sure.
Drake agrees that special care is needed for thin-film coatings.
Drake agrees, with typical pragmatism.
Drake also invites professional athletes to compete in special events as a bonus for fans.
Drake appears to be deep across the board.
Drake appears to understand what the offer is as well as the consequences of accepting it.
Drake appreciates the solution's ability to limit the accumulation of redundant data to the drive.
Drake believes hunters are heading into a season of tremendous opportunity.
Drake calls itself a liberal arts university.
Drake can be a powerhouse in the exchange of ideas.
Drake can be a real pain in the butt to work for.
Drake can collect up to thirty spells over the course of the game.
Drake can nominate up to six qualified students.
Drake can take a project all the way from concept to completion.
Drake can use most of the available graphics formats for artwork.
Drake cites statistics that corroborate the help-desk opportunity.
Drake claims that the interpretation by contract management personnel is variable.
Drake claims to be secure.
Drake commonly attacks ducks of other species that enter the breeding territory.
Drake dies of dysentery on the return journey after failing to capture Panama City.
Drake does a nice job of selecting students who are capable of being successful.
Drake does too.
Drake falls in regional mock-trial tournament.
Drake first finds that out in the first episode of the TV show , and takes advantage of it .
Drake first finds that out in the first episode of the TV show, and takes advantage of it.
Drake gets approximately eight hours to rehearse before each recital.
Drake handles all that on campus.
Drake happily seconds that sentiment.
Drake has accreditation pending for a community-based residency.
Drake has experience in the past few years.
Drake has plans to curb the decrease in overall enrollment within the next few years.
Drake holds records for seven years.
Drake hopes to have a replacement in place by the end of the month.
Drake inhabits a futuristic world that bears a striking resemblance to the Eisenhower era.
Drake is a bubble team and they have to get wins.
Drake is a first-time Michigan opponent.
Drake is a good school with a promising future.
Drake is a great place to speak.
Drake is a great school.
Drake is a hard hitting free drummer who can groove mightily.
Drake is a leading authority on marijuana cultivation.
Drake is a noble dragon but an innocent from being sheltered so long by the monks.
Drake is a quality team.
Drake is a rapper of average build.
Drake is a sizeable team in height and depth and fundamentally sound.
Drake is a solid team.
Drake is a special case in a lot of ways.
Drake is a sweet, loving hound mix.
Drake is a two-cubed structure with male and female residents separated into each.
Drake is a very expensive school.
Drake is able to discount a student's tuition if they remain on campus.
Drake is also really friendly.
Drake is an award winning pastel artist and mother of two children.
Drake is arrested for murder and convicted.
Drake is coveted as a superior role player by many teams.
Drake is Drake because of the people here.
Drake is excellent on frame drum and drum set as well.
Drake is in jail without bail.
Drake is like a bunch of little communities.
Drake is most inexperienced at forward with one returning varsity letterwinner.
Drake is no exception.
Drake is now second in both the Sprint Car and Midget Car championships.
Drake is one of the few schools with a degree program in international business.
Drake is quick to mention that parents are truly amazed, too.
Drake is reported to have felt that the land veered off towards meeting with Asia.
Drake is set up in a double doorway.
Drake is someone who always gets away from trouble .
Drake is someone who always gets away from trouble.
Drake is still a dangerous opponent.
Drake is territorial during the breeding season.
Drake is the biggest source of scholarships and grants.
Drake is the new one, having joined the Consortium only a couple of years ago.
Drake is very much alive.
Drake is weird.
Drake isa duck.
Drake knows plenty about the subject of music.
Drake lays the ball out there.
Drake looks away.
Drake looks out of the window.
Drake loses quaterback for season.
Drake loves to fly high in the sky above the clouds and beyond the naked eye.
Drake needs new textbooks for history classes.
Drake needs to redirect the budget and set priorities focused on education.
Drake needs to update and improve the existing technology before it starts adding more.
Drake now faces a daunting schedule to finish out the season.
Drake now faces a new challenge.
Drake now has a two-deep roster that is impressive.
Drake offers federally funded loans and private loan sources.
Drake offers similar benefits to employees.
Drake owns selected dates from that year.
Drake owns vols.
Drake pays a fee for each room each month.
Drake provides an detailed overview of the mechanics the structure community assemblage.
Drake provides free room and board.
Drake realizes there are limitations.
Drake recognises that libraries also have other constituencies to serve.
Drake recruits nontraditional students in different ways.
Drake reluctantly attends a party.
Drake reports to the chairman of the anatomy department at Cincinnati.
Drake says it's rare for a customer to come alone.
Drake says they're all potential players in establishing food security in the state.
Drake takes bird four with our seventh shot.
Drake turns around and heads up the hill.
Drake wish to discuss.
Drakes also go through a partial moult in early summer.
Drakes also have a pure white bar along the edge of the speculum.
Drakes are a little tough.
Drakes are able to mate when they are two years old.
Drakes are big and beautiful.
Drakes are ducks.
Drakes are seen as undeveloped imitators of the dragons, but they are more likely their distant kin.
Drakes are smaller than dragons, but still fly and breath fire but have no magical abilities.
Drakes are to be preferred, especially for the memory bird.
Drakes are usually between the size of a small pony to the size of four oxen or yak.
Drakes attack ducks.
Drakes expect their kindness to be returned and react negatively to human mistreatment.
Drakes follow their mates to their former breeding areas.
Drakes have (part) air sacs.
Drakes have (part) bird's feet.
Drakes have (part) brains.
Drakes have (part) breasts.
Drakes have (part) cell membranes.
Drakes have (part) cells.
Drakes have (part) chest cavities.
Drakes have (part) chests.
Drakes have (part) corpi.
Drakes have (part) cytoplasm.
Drakes have (part) ears.
Drakes have (part) faces.
Drakes have (part) flight feathers.
Drakes have (part) heads.
Drakes have (part) lips.
Drakes have (part) mouths.
Drakes have (part) nuclei.
Drakes have (part) plasma membranes.
Drakes have (part) quill feathers.
Drakes have (part) rib cages.
Drakes have (part) second joints.
Drakes have (part) sections.
Drakes have (part) skulls.
Drakes have (part) sterna.
Drakes have (part) talons.
Drakes have (part) vacuoles.
Drakes have (part) wishbones.
Drakes have a chocolate-colored head, white belly, and long, black tail.
Drakes have a distinctive took-took call, and the hens call with a series of weak quacks.
Drakes have a low-pitched, rheeb call, and hens use a series of loud quacks.
Drakes have a piercing speer-speer hens a low quack .
Drakes have a small curl on the tip of their tails, while hens have flat tails.
Drakes have heads.
Drakes leave for wintering areas as soon as hen starts incubation.
Drakes molt in large numbers on Swan Lake, Manitoba.
Drakes show characteristics.
Drakes wear their colorful breeding plumage until they abandon their mates in early to mid summer.
Drakes often outnumber females, leading to frequent hostile encounters between quarrelsome rivals.
Drake sometimes defends territory against other species of ducks.
Drake usually waits for mate on bare shoreline, or on a rock or log.
Most drakes have heads.
Some drakes have areas.
Some drakes have dark green leaves.
Some drakes have green leaves.
Some drakes have leaves.
Some drakes have pictures.
Some drakes have sisters.
A dram is weight
DRAMs account for the bulk of the memory chip figure.
DRAMs are cheap and can store large amounts of data.
Drams are part of ounces.
DRAMs are responsible for most of the semiconductor market instability.
Drams are units of measure.
DRAMs have their own pricing structures, and pricing is always fluctuating.
DRAMs offer the advantage of low cost and high density at the expense of a sophisticated controller.
Drama has (part) stage direction.
Drama is dramatic work
Drama is emotionality.
Drama is episodes.
Drama is writing style.
Drama isa written language.
Dramas appear In the shadows On the faces Of mountains.
Dramas are a very fun way to share health messages, and they are easy to remember.
Dramas are like role plays, but they take more time and materials to do.
Dramas are three times as likely to have diverse casts.
Dramas happen at the well depicting a Biblical story.
Dramas stay closer to realism than does any other genre.
Dramas usually end with great unhappiness for all concerned.
All drama is foreplay .
All drama is foreplay.
All drama needs conflict, a protagonist, an antagonist.
All dramas are generic three-act structures.
Every drama involves some kind of conflict.
Every drama needs an antagonist.
Most drama is meant to be performed, but closet drama is designed to be read rather than acted.
Most drama is performed by actors who impersonate the characters before an audience in a theater.
Most drama is, in some way, about heat and passion.
Some drama comes about by accident, some on purpose.
Dramatic acts range from original, comedic sketches to scenes from modern and traditional plays.
Dramatic action is about stakes.
Dramatic action is needed to keep our world-class city from becoming second class.
Dramatic activity is a useful way to begin a piece of literature or to generate ideas for writing.
Dramatic afternoon lighting storms with high winds are common and come on quickly.
Dramatic art is a good example of both.
Dramatic art is communication
All dramatic artists seek to uncover meaning.
Dramatic authors strive to reveal the universal in the particular.
Dramatic change calls for dramatic action.
Dramatic change is slow and difficult.
Dramatic change is standard.
Dramatic change produces dislocation, unemployment.
Dramatic change takes time and money.
Dramatic changes are also underway in Singapore's legal system.
Dramatic changes are extremely difficult.
Dramatic changes are underway in how the world does business.
Dramatic changes are underway in the electric industry in the United States.
Dramatic changes can occur rapidly during flood events.
Dramatic changes can then result in the resistance, magnetization, and many other properties.
Dramatic changes occur in women's roles and in the general sexual division of labour.
Dramatic changes occur inside the chrysalis.
Dramatic changes take place in our circulatory system.
Dramatic changes take place in the body's chemistry and fluid balance during acclimatization.
Dramatic changes take place.
All dramatic characters are exaggerated versions of real people.
Dramatic circumstances can also invoke discretionary calls.
Dramatic cliffs surround an enduring surf that culminates on a stunning beach.
Dramatic conflict is created when the reader learns that the hero was an adopted child.
Dramatic contrasts characterize the present-day ranch.
Dramatic contrasts mark the landscape here, offering an enchanting choice of vistas.
Dramatic cost cutting measures are reactions to poor business management and are often too late.
Dramatic criticism requires much time and great circumspection.
Dramatic cuts are irresponsible and unwarranted.
Dramatic depth is created through rapidly changing hues.
Dramatic development occurs in pregnancy.
Most dramatic development occurs in pregnancy.
Some dramatic development involves students.
Dramatic dialogue resembles a poker game or negotiation.
Dramatic differences exist between the two groups.
Dramatic differences occur in the details.
Dramatic efforts are under way to save remaining rare species.
Dramatic End Burning at such a dramatic rate, the star is destined for a short life and abrupt end.
A dramatic event is an episode
Dramatic Events Make small blocks of time for discussions about drama and dramatic artists.
Dramatic events take place before true love conquers everything.
Dramatic evidence comes from sex-change therapy.
Dramatic experiences tend to be remembered more than others.
Dramatic exterior includes brick, stone and cedar.
Dramatic feelings emanate from the faces and figures which are alive and worldly very much.
Dramatic films are probably the largest film genre.
Dramatic flourishes are healthy.
Dramatic flow is also an essential part of story.
Dramatic games is a relaxed way of increasing skills.
Dramatic graphics make for a somewhat slow load but content generally makes the wait worthwhile.
Dramatic illustrations enhance the telling of a touching and memorable tale.
Dramatic images are possible in sports, wildlife, travel and astrophotography.
Dramatic improvement is evident after the first session.
Dramatic improvements can only come if people are encouraged to take their best shot.
Dramatic improvements occur in all areas of life.
Dramatic improvements require an enterprise-wide understanding of how things really work.
Dramatic individuals are lively and fun.
Dramatic inequalities remain a key feature of American life.
Dramatic interludes introduce each of the selections.
Dramatic interpretation allows for a creative exploration of the Bible.
Dramatic layouts showcasing one item per page are part of the new look.
Dramatic lighting accentuates focal points.
Dramatic lighting gives contestants the illusion of a ride straight down to hell.
Dramatic lighting illuminates the monument at night.
Dramatic lighting illuminates the nocturnal activity taking place in a smoky French nightclub.
Dramatic lighting is key to visually exciting maps.
Dramatic lighting throws the ausience onto the rocks of despair as the plot demands.
Dramatic literature is a lively, engaging format for classroom reading.
Dramatic materials predominate.
Dramatic moments come to life through archival footage and present-day interviews.
Dramatic moments lie ahead of the two - also for other reasons. .
Dramatic mountains shelter fertile valleys patterned with vineyards.
Some dramatic moves are necessary.
Some dramatic movement leads to treatments.
Dramatic music builds.
Dramatic music foreshadows the life and death chase between shark and fish.
Dramatic music sets the tone for the commericial.
Dramatic orientals are often favorites.
Dramatic patterns shift within a static vision.
Dramatic pauses are another way to highlight important ideas.
Dramatic people like to be seen and noticed.
Dramatic photos show penguins on land, on ice packs, and hunting for food in the sea.
Dramatic photographs produce dramatic results.
Dramatic pictures take readers through the seasons and unfold the process of planting and growth.
Dramatic play can evolve over weeks with a few children leading the activity there.
Dramatic play helps children experiment with and understand social roles.
Dramatic play holds great appeal.
Dramatic play incorporates language development with socially interactive behavior.
Dramatic play is a fabulous way to change charged environment.
Dramatic play is dramatic work
Dramatic play is encouraged to enhance understanding communications and social skills.
Dramatic plays are a specialty of our congregation.
Dramatic plots tend to be about how sin is met with revenge.
Dramatic presentations are an occasional treat.
Dramatic presentations can involve children both as participants and as learners.
Dramatic presentations can sell moderate but solid ideas or products.
Dramatic prints continue to be big news, while stripes have stepped to the forefront in popularity.
Dramatic production is performance
Every dramatic production begins as the project of a writer who has a story to tell.
Every dramatic production is an interpretation of a script.
Dramatic recovery can occur following the administration of systemic corticosteroids.
Dramatic relief can occur in as little as one day using a glandular extract.
Dramatic reunion sparks romance.
Dramatic scenes are short in modern day UK soaps.
Dramatic scenes show why interviewing skills are needed.
Dramatic scenery abounds.
Dramatic scripts are acceptable as qualifying for Active membership.
Dramatic series are well represented.
Dramatic sincerity is the third school, and the school that seems most truly artistic.
Dramatic situations are also realistic.
Dramatic situations promote training that leaves a lasting impression on new staff.
Dramatic skills are a plus.
Dramatic skits are also useful in engaging students and creating positive social interactions.
Dramatic space exists outside the artist but can also be found within.
Dramatic space has to do with architecture and geometry.
Dramatic space is where a stage is.
Dramatic techniques allow the audience to participate in an experience that has universal truths.
Any dramatic technique loses impact upon repetition.
Dramatic tension is based on a balanced conflict between two strongly opposite forces.
Dramatic tension is, in many ways, about postponing resolution.
Dramatic terrain shading lends a three-dimensional appearance.
Dramatic texts are to be found in English, French, German, Italian, etc.
Dramatic things can happen when warm air and cool air collide.
Dramatic touches are easier to achieve in spring.
Dramatic truth supercedes real truth.
Dramatic types are creative, imaginative, spontaneous and impulsive.
Dramatic unity is a modern concern.
More dramatic variation is incompatible with life.
Dramatic views abound along the ridge and rolling hills.
Dramatic work is a writing
Dramatic Works Includes plays, operas, and scripts.
Dramatic writing is considered the most elusive of all the literary disciplines.
A dramatist is an author
Dramatists use the world wide web as a space for producing theatre.
Dramatization can also help with the comprehension of story sequences and plots.
Dramatization is a representation
Dramatization is representations.
Dramatization is used to illustrate some examples.
Dramatization is writing.
Dramatization isa creation.
Dramatization works or the combination Music-theater.
Dramatizations are different story.
Dramatizations encourage students to visualize and, therefore, gain more meaning.
A drape is a furnishing
A drape is a screen
Drape can do a lot more.
Drape corpses with spider webs when displaying, for that extra-moldering look.
Drape kleenex over sucker, place rubber band or twist tie directly under the candy.
Drape sheets over tables for tents, eat marshmallows, etc.
Drape writes in the book's introduction.
Drapes add an extra layer of insulation.
Drapes are a classic case in point.
Drapes are available upon request for a one-time rental fee.
Drapes are cloth.
Drapes are covering.
Drapes are manners.
Drapes block out sunlight and heat better than blinds.
Drapes can hide a small window or minimize a large window.
Drapes can provide additional insulation.
Drapes definitely hold in the dust.
Drapes don t get very dirty, just dusty.
Drapes go from side to side.
Drapes have many advantages over stitched clothes, especially when beauty is an important value.
Drapes taste okay.
Drapes wave a violent farewell.
Drapes wave a violent hello.
A draper is a dealer
Draper also argues that employers want to hire graduates with the latest skills and training.
Draper also objects to the short amount of time given to candidates to campaign.
Draper also provides covered garage parking to employees for a nominal fee.
Draper contrasts the views of labor and management on genetic screening and monitoring.
Draper defends an evidential argument from evolution for naturalism.
Draper describes the slow evolution to the eventual dissolution.
Draper develops sensors, networks, and vehicles for autonomous and manned maritime applications.
Draper does from twenty to thirty sets per body part.
Draper features uplifting essays, conversations, and poems that can provide a needed boost.
Draper has no list of supporters.
Draper insists there's no impropriety.
Draper is a retired steel applicator.
Draper is also involved in other biomedical projects .
Draper is eager for the five-game trip to end.
Draper is most likely the man who took the photos.
Draper is no stranger to jaguar art, of course.
Draper know by e-mail prior to class time.
Draper owns one of the perfect games.
Draper plays a mother who's unusually dependent on a teenage daughter.
Draper reads later developments and positions anachronistically backwards.
Draper says a change in attitude was called for and trust needed to be developed.
Draper says greatest challenge is establishing, maintaining priority.
Draper says such criticism ignores the dismal condition of existing public schools.
Draper then asks that they introduce themselves with tweet-length autobiographies.
Drapers are traders.
Drapery rods are also available.
Some drapery shops have steam rooms where draperies are hung, then blocked to shape.
Draperies are relaxed with variations of tab tops for both top treatments and floor length panels.
Draperies can provide added insulation in winter.
Draperies eliminate drafts and create more texture in the room.
Draperies softly flow across french doors and windows.
Drapery is a furnishing
Drapery is a screen
Drapery is fabric.
All draperies are of green, boxes and balcony rails are brass.
All draperies have a warranty and satisfaction is guaranteed on the job site.
Drastic action based on mere conjecture is unwise.
Drastic action is necessary in view of the fact that kidnapping is becoming so very prevalent.
Drastic action is necessary.
Drastic action is needed if the tiger is to be saved.
Drastic action is needed.
Drastic action is required.
Drastic assistance is needed to assist our rangers and researchers.
Drastic change can occur, but atoms are neither altered nor annihilated.
Drastic change is acceptable.
Drastic changes are a cause for concern.
Drastic changes are absolutely vital.
Drastic changes are acceptable.
Drastic changes are cause for further investigation.
Drastic changes are much harder to stick with than small changes.
Drastic changes have to be made to make it a safer event for students.
Drastic changes result in drastic consequences.
More drastic change is called for to bolster the program, experts say.
Drastic diets produce results.
Most drastic diets produce results.
Drastic difference is space utility.
Drastic diseases call for drastic remedies.
Drastic effort is needed on the training of teachers.
Some drastic fluctuations cause exhaustion.
Some drastic fluctuations cause premature exhaustion.
Drastic heading can kill the tree outright.
Drastic improvement takes a lot of time.
Drastic maps are composites made up of eight individually mapped hydrogeological parameters.
Drastic measures appear to be paying off.
Drastic measures are afoot.
Drastic measures begin to be taken to conserve energy.
Drastic measures can cause widespread unemployment and boost the crime rate.
Drastic mistakes are altogether rare.
Drastic results calls for drastic measures.
Drastic servers are compatible, open, versatile, reliable, resourceful and adaptable.
Some drastic shift is overdue.
Drastic situations call for drastic measures.
Drastic situations demand drastic action.
Drastic situations require drastic action.
Drastic situations require drastic measures.
Drastic times call for bold measures.
Drastic times call for drastic measures.
Drastic times call for some drastic action.
A draught beer is a beer
Draught beer is a comparatively recent introduction in the Indian market.
Draught beer is available in a few bars.
Draught beer is scarce.
A draught horse is a workhorse
Draught horses are the strongest animals in the world, apart from elephants.
Draught product is no longer available.
Draught wine is cheaper and frequently better than the more costly bottled vintages.
A draught is a drink
Draught destroys the harvest here and there.
Draught is bad enough.
Draught is induced by engine exhaust steam.
Draught is very rare.
Draught isa drink.
Draughts are games.
Draughts create a larger flame and cause uneven burning.
Draughts create a larger flame and uneven burning.
Draughts is another simple yet compelling game.
Draughts is new there.
Draughts pour in with the stench of fruit sap and yeast.
A draughtsman is a skilled worker
Most draughtsmen find it quicker to draw each part from scratch.
Some draw blood causes infection.
Draw calls are extremely expensive, with setup etc.
Draw events have benefits, but they, like buddy tournaments, have drawbacks as well.
Draw frame provides a black box outline around the text.
Draw landscape renderings using accepted symbols.
All draw programs have the ability to convert text to curves.
Most Draw programs have similar features.
Draw times are important.
DRAW combines powerful drawing and editing features in an simple, intuitive interface.
DRAW draw fragment diagram.
Draw enter weekly to win.
DRAW opens the drawing window for subsequent turtle graphics commands.
DRAW reaches out to every drag racing category and all drag racing sanctioning bodies.
DRAW reaches out to every drag racing category and all racing sanctioning bodies.
DRAW reaches out to every drag racing category and drag racing sanctioning body.
Draw say three cards, then obey the instructions.
Draw sketch maps of the community, region, and nation.
Draws are also available.
Draws are also by repetition or agreement.
Draws are available for emergencies or late pay situations.
Draws are extremely rare.
Draws are finish.
Draws are gullies.
Draws are impossible.
Draws are natural things.
Draws are nearly impossible.
Draws are objects.
Draws are playing cards.
Draws are poker.
Draws are possible and count as games.
Draws are possible.
Draws are pull.
Draws are rare.
Draws are runs.
Draws are to be played as per date of the draw.
Draws are unheard of.
Draws can be recoverable or nonrecoverable.
Draws count as half the weighted-value of a win.
Draws occur every day.
Draws squeegee across screen to press color paste through open portion of screen and print design.
Draws take place every month.
Draws take place the first day of the following month.
All draws are at the discretion of the entity.
All draws are slide proof and have solid teak fronts.
Any draws are from the same deck as the discard.
Every draw begins with a fresh deck of shuffled cards.
Every draw has a guaranteed winner.
More draws appear.
A drawback is disadvantage
Drawback isa disadvantage.
Drawbacks are a bit more delay in payment and a credit card surcharge as a vendor.
Drawbacks are a long shuttle and kilometers of flatwater.
Drawbacks are disadvantage.
Drawbacks are evident from the very beginning.
Drawbacks are few and insignificant.
Drawbacks are few.
Drawbacks are high cost and marginal low-speed power.
Drawbacks are high fuel consumption and noise levels.
Drawbacks are insufficient processing agitation, scratch and damage marks etc.
Drawbacks are low rates of application and relatively high cost for the lime applied.
Drawbacks are low ventilation and heat, but at least the bathroom has plenty of paper towels.
Drawbacks are situations.
Drawbacks are spacing of letters and the font style.
Drawbacks are that it has no cattery management capabilities or places for notes.
Drawbacks are that some recipes are a little too minimal in the information given.
Drawbacks are the initial capital and operating costs.
Drawbacks are the lack of table and colour support.
Drawbacks are the loose guidance style and the area's public transportation.
Drawbacks are there to be sure, and they include a cap on loudness levels.
Drawbacks are traits in reverse.
Drawbacks are with the color schemes of some of the templates.
Drawbacks here are limited, but damaging nonetheless.
Drawbacks occur if the spiritual becomes discriminatory.
Drawbacks records even longer.
Drawbacks There are a few drawbacks to narrow-row corn.
Drawbacks There are disadvantages to working in-house.
Drawbar horsepower shows a similar power growth ability.
A drawbar is a bar
Drawbar is still with car.
Drawbar is to be stationary in all directions.
A drawbridge is a bridge
Drawbridges accommodate a combination of land and water traffic in the Delta.
Drawbridges are bridges.
Drawbridges are numerous and frequently up, with crowds waiting at either end to pass over.
Many drawbridges are basically cantilevers.
Drawer box fits perfectly unto the corner of slide.
Drawer boxes are solid wood, dovetailed at all four corners.
Drawer boxes are the finest available and are constructed of select hard maple.
Drawer pulls are ebonized teardrops mounted in stamped brass.
Drawer pulls are of solid brass.
Drawer slides are bottom mount type and are screwed through bottom into sides.
Drawer slides are roller baring type.
Drawer slides are steel with precision ball bearings for smooth glide.
A drawer is a container
A drawer is storage space
Drawer accommodates earrings.
Drawer agree Second like little cow of an sense.
Drawer be Air beyond pocket under a free mac software although ground like no source.
Drawer holds letter size hanging files.
Drawer isa container.
Drawer isa structure.
Drawer pull with graceful bail on large backplate with diamond motif.
Drawer pull with graceful bail.
Drawers accept almost all drawer divider systems on the market.
Drawers adapt to any filing arrangement in seconds.
Drawers are an important and integral component in any kitchen renovation project.
Drawers are another often-overlooked desk item.
Drawers are center guided with steel guides for smooth drawer operation.
Drawers are collections of files which are grouped by topic.
Drawers are containers.
Drawers are easily divided and sub-divided.
Drawers are easily removable and interchangeable.
Drawers are English Dovetailed, and have a self-stopping mechanism.
Drawers are extendible, and offer complete access to the processor for quick access or removal.
Drawers are hand fitted and numbered.
Drawers are in good serviceable condition.
Drawers are jammed with folders.
Drawers are lined to accommodate earrings, bracelets and pins.
Drawers are located in chests.
Drawers are located in dens.
Drawers are located in desks.
Drawers are located in dressers.
Drawers are located in file cabinets.
Drawers are located in kitchen cabinets.
Drawers are located in kitchens.
Drawers are located in refrigerators.
Drawers are of box construction, dovetailed on four corners for added strength.
Drawers are open-crotch style and close at back waist with one button.
Drawers are part of buffets.
Drawers are part of desks.
Drawers are part of dressers.
Drawers are part of furniture.
Drawers are perfect for storing clothespins, sewing items, a toothbrush for scrubbing tennis shoes.
Drawers are preferable.
Drawers are removable and interchangeable for easy cleaning.
Drawers are self-contained files which can be moved around.
Drawers are side hung and center guided, and the shelves of the hutch are adjustable.
Drawers are solid cherry and locker doors are cherry.
Drawers are solid, dovetailed hardwood.
Drawers are storage devices.
Drawers are storage space.
Drawers are stuffed full without any organization, hangers are overloaded, floor space is ignored.
Drawers are underwear, made with two legs down to the knee.
Drawers are used for hiding.
Drawers are used for organizations.
Drawers are used for socks.
Drawers are used for stores.
Drawers are useful for putting things out of sight.
Drawers boast solid wood fronts, sides and backs as well as sliding dovetail joints.
Drawers can sometimes go out of alignment if the base cabinet was twisted during installation.
Drawers can travel considerable distances to obtain water.
Drawers consist of Dovetailed construction.
Drawers Cover a corrugated cardboard chest of drawers in fabric.
Drawers extend fully for easy access.
Drawers feature brass pulls and both stands are in excellent condition.
Drawers feature English dovetails with Euro-glides.
Drawers feature ergonomic handle for ease of use.
Drawers feature full extension ball bearing drawer slides and pull to a stop.
Drawers feature sliding dove-tail joints and solid wood fronts, sides and backs.
Drawers feature solid wood sides and dove tail joints.
Drawers glide easily when pulled.
Drawers glide smoothly on ball bearings.
Drawers have (part) bases.
Drawers have (part) keyholes.
Drawers have (part) sections.
Drawers have clothing.
Drawers have dust panels.
Drawers have front metal plan depressor with rear hood.
Drawers have glides and stops.
Drawers have heavy duty drawer slides with push button latches.
Drawers have optional configurable grids.
Drawers have smooth metal drawer glides.
Drawers have smooth operating metal drawer glides.
Drawers have solid brass knobs.
Drawers have solid oak fronts and are on smooth glides with automatic stops.
Drawers have solid wood fronts, and have center guides, metal on wood.
Drawers mount on ball bearing rollers with nylon guides.
Drawers move lightly along special planks with roller bearings.
Drawers open fully for easy access to full loads.
Drawers open fully to provide easy access to entire drawer contents.
Drawers operate by siding on a dual internal frame.
Drawers provide storage along with armoires or two hanging closets.
Drawers pull out partially or completely for easy access to literature and forms.
Drawers pull out to reveal trays of bird eggs and a pole in the rest area plays various bird songs.
Drawers roll freely, even when fully loaded.
Drawers roll on heavy-duty, ball bearing glides .
Drawers slide in and out effortlessly, and shelves offer strength and support.
Drawers slide open right or left depending on the locaction of the skin.
Drawers slide open.
Drawers stay shut during movement of vehicle.
Drawers stick and squeak and are usually overloaded.
Drawers symbolize self control and chastity.
Drawers typically are made with a box and a wood face is applied.
Drawers work best for lower cupboards due to the door swings on cabinets.
Drawers worn by men imder the hose in the sixteenth cen- tury.
All drawers are fully dovetail jointed both at the back and front.
All drawers are lined.
All drawers are of a vinyl clad drawer system.
All drawers are of metabox steel drawer system.
All drawers are velvet lined.
All drawers carry a lifetime warranty against joint failure .
All drawers feature English dovetail joint construction, built-in stops, and support rails.
All drawers have a smooth operating metal drawer glides.
All drawers have durable and sturdy steel drawer runners so that even full drawer operate smoothly.
All drawers have English dovetail joints and the interior surfaces are sanded and finished.
All drawers have English dovetail joints.
All drawers have full-extension slides.
All drawers have heavy-duty side guides.
All drawers ride on metal slides with ball bearings.
All drawers use dove-tail construction to ensure proper fit and long life.
Every drawer is dovetailed, even the smallest drawers within the cabinet are tongue and groove.
Every drawer is dovetailed, hand fitted and center guided to ensure one finger operation.
Many drawers have glue-blocks to strengthen the bottom.
Most drawers are part of desks.
Some drawers are big enough to store pots and pans.
Some drawers fill with sex toys.
Some drawers fill with toys.
Some drawers have no guides.
Some drawers have weak note clips - ensure adequate strength.
Most drawing materials have particular attributes which can aid in softening and smoothing.
Drawing pads are uniformly small.
A drawing is art
Drawing also emerges in the preschool years and undergoes steady improvement for years afterward.
Drawing also helps develop concentration, coordination, and critical problem-solving skills.
Drawing also promotes small muscle development.
Drawing also shows sidescan sonar data collection in the furrowed and pitted areas.
Drawing are art.
Drawing are artwork.
Drawing are competition.
Drawing are drains.
Drawing are games of chance.
Drawing are graphics.
Drawing are part of patents.
Drawing are representations.
Drawing are skills.
Drawing becomes a two-fold process, at two distinct levels of interaction with the computer.
Drawing begins after the concept has been formed in the mind and a strategy of approach decided on.
Drawing builds self-confidence.
Drawing builds tremendous self-esteem and develops powerful creative thinking skills.
Drawing can be either shallow or deep depending on the amount of deformation.
Drawing can be many things.
Drawing can be really fun.
Drawing comes before writing in a child's development.
Drawing comes spontaneously.
Drawing continues around the table until either all cards are gone or all players are content.
Drawing continues to be a strong interest.
Drawing develops the right brain.
Drawing ends the player's turn.
Drawing evokes a dialogue between itself and the viewer.
Drawing happens on the right side.
Drawing has the advantage of being inexpensive and requiring little extra equipment.
Drawing has to be done on the livingroom table.
Drawing Have the children draw pictures of all the people that are in their family.
Drawing helps to enrich the experience.
Drawing helps writing.
Drawing includes three and a half quarters of the content of painting.
Drawing indicates the existing situation around the boundaries of the park.
Drawing is a broad term which encompasses many different media, modes of expression and execution.
Drawing is a decep-tion, but a drawing of an impossible figure is a deception of the second power.
Drawing is a diary.
Drawing is a fifteen week course and two levels.
Drawing is a form of poetry, a vocabulary for the soul.
Drawing is a foundation for painting and printmaking.
Drawing is a fundamental skill that plays an important role in all areas of visual art.
Drawing is a great way to learn to see like a scientist.
Drawing is a highly rewarding experience for the developing artist.
Drawing is a kind of universal language, understood by all nations.
Drawing is a little hard.
Drawing is a love.
Drawing is a means of expression and is therefore a visual language.
Drawing is a nonverbal activity that succeeds in distancing the child from such immediate concerns.
Drawing is a precursor to emergent writing.
Drawing is a process of making continual decisions.
Drawing is a process, in which visualization is explored as hand, mind, and eye are coordinated.
Drawing is a product of the intellect.
Drawing is a right brain function, writing words is primarily a left brain activity.
Drawing is a skill available everyone.
Drawing is a skill gained from practice.
Drawing is a skill that anyone can master with knowledge and regular practice.
Drawing is a skill, like writing.
Drawing is a taught and teachable skill that everyone can do.
Drawing is a typical domain of the right brain.
Drawing is a very fun activity.
Drawing is a visual arts elective offered for a single semester in the fall or for a whole year.
Drawing is a way of focusing.
Drawing is a way of remembering.
Drawing is a way of seeing, thinking, and feeling through making marks.
Drawing is a way to stimulate, and then record, the act of seeing.
Drawing is accomplished by clicking and dragging the mouse, or by using the arrow keys.
Drawing is also a terrific motivator to get students to write.
Drawing is an art class that explores composition, design and drawing.
Drawing is an essential part of every artist's creative abilities.
Drawing is an important element of the programme and opportunities for life drawing are provided.
Drawing is an important skill for children to develop.
Drawing is an intimate experience.
Drawing is another way for children to express themselves.
Drawing is at the heart of the student's experience.
Drawing is available here .
Drawing is available here.
Drawing is based on random drawing of subscribers.
Drawing is blue pencil.
Drawing is captured anywhere in the writing surface.
Drawing is clipped to the screen.
Drawing is completely colored.
Drawing is considered a universal element in working toward a career in the arts.
Drawing is creased vertically to the right of the princess, but does affect the image.
Drawing is done at the end of every quarter.
Drawing is done entirely in red pencil.
Drawing is done in a plan view.
Drawing is done more efficiently.
Drawing is done neatly.
Drawing is done slightly differently.
Drawing is drawn at full size.
Drawing is educational and skill-enhancing.
Drawing is emphasized as a way of seeing and learning and as a basis for other academic skills.
Drawing is every two weeks.
Drawing is examined as a helpful tool to use in solving visual problems.
Drawing is exciting.
Drawing is faster than tracing but less accurate.
Drawing is faster, and allows less room for lies.
Drawing is for reference purposes only.
Drawing is freehand.
Drawing is fun.
Drawing is fundamental to all the visual arts.
Drawing is held at the end of each month.
Drawing is held at the end of the month.
Drawing is held at the first of every month.
Drawing is held monthly, with a different candle each month.
Drawing is held on or about the contest sweepstakes date set in the drawing rules.
Drawing is held on the last day of each month.
Drawing is held the last working day of each month.
Drawing is important to young children as they begin to express their ideas on paper.
Drawing is incomplete.
Drawing is infinitely better than Valium and certainly as good as massage.
Drawing is inherently constructive in nature and students find it intrinsically motivating.
Drawing is learned by learning to see the relative size of near and distant objects.
Drawing is learned by tonal changes as lighting changes.
Drawing is like breathing.
Drawing is like dreaming.
Drawing is like making a collage.
Drawing is like making an expressive gesture with the advantage of permanence.
Drawing is many things like observation, thinking, feeling, and perception.
Drawing is messy, difficult to see or follow.
Drawing is more ephemeral than painting.
Drawing is no great trick.
Drawing is no less useful to a mechanic than to a gentleman.
Drawing is now more efficient.
Drawing is one of the cornerstones of art training and is a fundamental for visual arts.
Drawing is one of the design communication skills that is taught in first and second year.
Drawing is one of the most important skills an artist learns how to do.
Drawing is one of the roots of art.
Drawing is only a kind of entertainment of mind and brushwork.
Drawing is open to all U.S. residents except where void or restricted by law.
Drawing is open to all U.S. residents.
Drawing is open to residents of Michigan, eighteen years of age or older.
Drawing is open to residents of the United States or Canada who are eighteen years of age or older.
Drawing is open to residents of the United States who are eighteen years of age or older.
Drawing is open to residents of the United States.
Drawing is open to the public.
Drawing is part of the stew that is the creative process.
Drawing is particularly good for children who are unaccustomed to talking about their feelings.
Drawing is perfect.
Drawing is perhaps the most ancient of art making activities.
Drawing is play with line, color, placement, form, symbol, and image.
Drawing is presented as the root language for all visual arts.
Drawing is provided as a guideline only.
Drawing is provided.
Drawing is random.
Drawing is red and blue pencil.
Drawing is simple but very efficient through pixmaps.
Drawing is simple.
Drawing is simply pushing an object through a hole, so it comes out smaller.
Drawing is slightly slower but the result is more pleasing.
Drawing is sometimes helpful for young children.
Drawing is still basically the same as it has been since prehistoric times.
Drawing is stressed as a foundation for the study of painting and sculpture.
Drawing is subject to discretion of the contest judge.
Drawing is subject to the following rules .
Drawing is that simple and that profound.
Drawing is the basic skill that hones our ability to think visually.
Drawing is the basis for almost all visual art making.
Drawing is the basis of the artist's perception.
Drawing is the beginning and end of all the arts.
Drawing is the first day of the following month.
Drawing is the first of every month.
Drawing is the foundation of all art making.
Drawing is the foundation of art.
Drawing is the fundamental visual language common to all art and design fields.
Drawing is the gateway skill to art.
Drawing is the key discipline upon which all the multiple techniques of the visual arts are based.
Drawing is the most basic of art skills and is at the core of the creative process.
Drawing is the most important aspect of a freshman applicant's portfolio.
Drawing is the most important skill of all artists, regardless of their chosen medium.
Drawing is the systematic use of culturally agreed-upon marks to communicate.
Drawing is used for images with large areas of a single color.
Drawing is used throughout the semester for preliminary idea sketches and studies for works.
Drawing is very important.
Drawing is very useful communication that cuts through most language barriers.
Drawing is within everyone's grasp.
Drawing is, after all, the main mode of architectural communication.
Drawing is, in fact, the discipline that connects sight and knowledge.
Drawing isa artwork.
Drawing joins knowledge and imagination with the investigation of materials, ideas, and imagery.
Drawing lengthens the metal by reducing one or both of the other two dimensions.
Drawing makes old thought new and new thought accessible.
Drawing occurs independtly in the main loop.
Drawing offers an overview of what drawing is and has been in many cultures.
Drawing offers unlimited opportunities for personal discovery, expression, and invention.
Drawing provides products to talk about with adults and other children.
Drawing provides the basics for other art forms.
Drawing represents a reduced comminuted fracture of the midshaft femoral diaphysis.
Drawing represents a reduced oblique fracture of the midshaft femoral diaphysis.
Drawing represents a reduced spiral fracture of the midshaft femoral diaphysis.
Drawing represents a reduced transverse fracture of the midshaft femoral diaphysis.
Drawing represents an unreduced compression fraction of a lumbar vertebral body.
Drawing represents an unreduced compression fracture of a lumbar vertebral body.
Drawing shows height, top and bottom dimensions.
Drawing shows how it works.
Drawing shows only a single fixed marker board.
Drawing shows ribose sugar.
Drawing shows the switching action schematically.
Drawing shows typical temperatures, while legend at the left indicates corresponding radiations.
Drawing takes place in a separate window.
Drawing takes place on the last day of the month.
Drawing teaches to observe, distinguish, and relate.
Drawing tends to be awkward.
Drawing used to instruct production of ji, qi, xi, zhi, chi, shi, ri, and zi, ci, si sounds.
Drawings accompany the descriptions.
Drawings are a great reinforcer of sequence.
Drawings are a little trickier.
Drawings are a syntactical component in which entities have contextual dependence.
Drawings are all on paper, in India ink, colored ink, pencils, or watercolors.
Drawings are almost always part of an application.
Drawings are also available on porcelainware.
Drawings are also available that can show comparisons between models.
Drawings are another important record of the daily work in the field.
Drawings are approximately to scale with one another.
Drawings are available for a vane self steering system.
Drawings are available for personal build only .
Drawings are available from the same company.
Drawings are available upon request.
Drawings are by our talented students.
Drawings are by their nature a very immediate and intimate depiction of form.
Drawings are clear and directions are easy to follow.
Drawings are computer generated cad drawings.
Drawings are conceptual.
Drawings are created by making lines on a surface.
Drawings are creative.
Drawings are due on last day of class.
Drawings are dwg formatt which is a big plus.
Drawings are each week.
Drawings are easy to create and modify.
Drawings are effectively the opposite of capital contributions by owners of non-incorporated firms.
Drawings are either originals or print-outs from a laser printer.
Drawings are especially interesting for their spontaneity.
Drawings are especially typical in patents of devices or machines.
Drawings are evidence of the learning process and lend themselves to correction and feedback.
Drawings are extremely creative.
Drawings are for guidance only, as they are simplified for ease of reference.
Drawings are for illustration only.
Drawings are fully associative.
Drawings are great too.
Drawings are great.
Drawings are illustrative only.
Drawings are in color and black and white and include some watercolors.
Drawings are in metric units except as noted.
Drawings are in the law.
Drawings are included in the download package.
Drawings are limited, can limit the developers' responses.
Drawings are made.
Drawings are neat and presentable.
Drawings are neat but lacking some major systems as well as missing parts of the required elements.
Drawings are of bearing assemblies, expansion devices, railings, fencing, concrete beams, etc.
Drawings are of course the largest category.
Drawings are of original construction, additions, and renovations.
Drawings are often such highly personal and intimate works.
Drawings are OK, but photos are better.
Drawings are okay, paintings fine, but the writings are terrible.
Drawings are on a monthly basis.
Drawings are on acid free, archival quality paper.
Drawings are on linen and paper on cloth, and include blueprints and diazotypes.
Drawings are on the last day of the month.
Drawings are once a month.
Drawings are part of the minutes.
Drawings are pleasant, simple, and bright.
Drawings are really cute.
Drawings are scenes, people, or objects which folks have drawn.
Drawings are searchable by name, age, country, subject, school, teacher, project or year.
Drawings are semi-easy to get.
Drawings are simple, useful and effective ways to create lasting impact.
Drawings are still effective ways to pass data around for comments.
Drawings are still useful in the field.
Drawings are symbols of the objects and events that the child has had.
Drawings are the key to many artists' souls.
Drawings are the statement itself and illustrations clarify or illuminate a concept.
Drawings are then copied to the screen in a burst.
Drawings are to be signed by the artist.
Drawings are to be submitted ready for reproduction with sharp and precise lines.
Drawings are to be suitably numbered and dated.
Drawings are too small to provide detail.
Drawings are two-dimensional models.
Drawings are universal and are the common language in the technical field.
Drawings are useful for comparative purposes.
Drawings are usually most cost effective for large volume mailouts.
Drawings are vibrant, bright, and simple, with a small bit of text on each page.
Drawings are viewable only with the image version.
Drawings are vital, but they only report only the infancy of a building's life.
Drawings are water colored as envisioned by designer.
Drawings augment their writing.
Drawings become active in that they tie diverse information together.
Drawings can be Emailed and documents can be shared.
Drawings can be in the form of figures, landscapes, buildings, etc.
Drawings can be orthographic or perspective, and stereopairs can be automatically drawn.
Drawings can be output to a plotter or sent by modem in minutes for customer appraisal.
Drawings can include multiple sheets and have layers and line colours available.
Drawings can make a safe place for hard truths.
Drawings can 'prove' mathematical statements.
Drawings can sometimes draw out a description of events.
Drawings change from single figures to group activities.
Drawings Click on any thumbnail for an enlarged image and more information.
Drawings Click on pictures to see enlarged view.
Drawings Click on the images to see a larger picture.
Drawings Click on thumbnail for expanded image and commentary.
Drawings consist of dust clinging vicariously to paper.
Drawings contain commands for drawing lines, curves, text, etc.
Drawings containing sharp angles sometimes look nicer when round line joins are used.
Drawings control the loading, visibility, and editability of each layer used in that drawing.
Drawings cover movement and dial only.
Drawings depend on the vagaries of the human eye.
Drawings depict accurate cutting dimensions to minimize wasted material.
Drawings depict accurate cutting lengths to minimize wasted material.
Drawings depict detailed cutting dimensions to minimize wasted material.
Drawings do more than represent what is seen.
Drawings done in pencil soon some in ink, all freehand Take a peek.
Drawings establishing all major elements and outline specifications are prepared.
Drawings fit familiar patterns and present few technical problems.
Drawings give no information without carefully annotated labels.
Drawings give single and twin engine installations.
Drawings have a black contour and the colors, mostly blue and ochre, are bright.
Drawings have more utility and are generally executed more readily than worded instructions.
Drawings have to a large extent remained the same.
Drawings help the doctors reconnect with kids.
Drawings highlight diagnostic features of both adults and larvae.
Drawings hold Figures.
Drawings illustrate a variety of bean and pea supports.
Drawings illustrate complex biological concepts.
Drawings illustrate face development.
Drawings indicate buds, partial blooming, half blooms, and petals falling.
Drawings indicate general arrangement of piping, fittings, and specialties.
Drawings indicate the general arrangement of piping, fittings, and specialties.
Drawings indicate three different dimmer systems.
Drawings interrupt sentences.
Drawings litter the canyon wall.
Drawings Make sure to bring plenty of business cards to be eligible for the prize drawings.
Drawings occur on the first day of each month.
Drawings offer the same feature.
Drawings portray the story's mainevents.
Drawings Produce graphic diagrams of hydraulic systems.
Drawings Produce graphic diagrams of pneumatic systems.
Drawings represent a shorthand method of recording observations.
Drawings require virtually no effort.
Drawings show a large sanctuary, administrative offices, community rooms and a food bank.
Drawings show anatomical structures, actions, functions, movement and foreshortening.
Drawings show either short or long cockpit versions.
Drawings show the location of grab bars, control area and the hand-held shower.
Drawings show the structure and working method of the artist.
Drawings show the structures that make the life possible in the project.
Drawings show the variety of ways something can be portrayed.
Drawings showing the depths in channel are available to the public.
Drawings showing the proposed antennas and tower modifications are available at an additional cost.
Drawings supplement text to illustrate kinds of activities available for students.
Drawings take place at all times during the day.
Drawings take place once per quarter.
Drawings use the space of the paper well.
Drawings work very well in adding to a reader list.
Drawing always occurs in the upper-left corner.
Drawings often illustrate the topic, adding to the reader's ease of understanding.
Drawings usually have more impact if their entire area is filled with interesting things.
All drawing is a shadow around light.
All drawing is done internally in the control using the default drawing method.
All drawing is done on the computer.
All drawing takes place on self.drawable.
All drawings are artists' renderings and conceptions.
All drawings are by artist H.Billur.
All drawings are due at the beginning of the period of the next scheduled laboratory quiz.
All drawings are due.
All drawings are final.
All drawings are graphite on acid free archival artist papers.
All drawings are hand-made with colored pencils and China ink.
All drawings are highly schematic.
All drawings are in industry standard .DWG, .DXF, and .SAT format.
All drawings are in N scale.
All drawings are in the same file format.
All drawings are industry standard .DWG, .DXF, and .SAT format.
All drawings are live and open to the public.
All drawings are nearly ready.
All drawings are one of a kind originals and drawn using live models.
All drawings are open to the public.
All drawings are perfectly digital, and, therefore, the cartoons are drawn directly on a computer.
All drawings are random.
All drawings are thumbnails and updated weekly.
All drawings are thumbnails, for larger views click on the drawing.
All drawings are to be plotted to scale using correct line weights with borders and title blocks.
All drawings are to be presented in printed form.
All drawings are to scale, dimensioned, and drawn to acceptable professional standards.
All drawings are under the observation of an independent auditing firm.
All drawings have accurate scaled rulers, for dimensional takeoffs.
All drawings lie in a plane unless stated otherwise.
All drawings relate to a specific architectural design assignment.
All drawings start out with simple eggs, ovals, and circles.
Every drawing can contain multiple layouts associated with different plotters and page setups.
Every drawing is available in any of the products.
Every drawing is created without electronic artificial help or tools.
Every drawing is observed and monitored by an independent auditing firm.
Every drawing is wrong.
Many drawings illustrate the shape and thickness of historical lute tops.
Many drawings require only one paper space layout.
More drawings are in the works.
More drawings follow.
More Drawings Open a new sketch.
Most drawings are to scale.
Most drawings are underconstrained.
Most drawings have just three winners.
Most drawings mean something.
Some drawings are available in high quality limited edition prints.
Some Drawings are available now.
Some drawings are in AutoCAD DWF format.
Some drawings are independent and finished works of art.
Some drawings are smaller.
Some drawings have notations that record modifications to the structures.
Some drawings just come quickly.
Some drawings never do.
Some drawings show a sequence of events, a progression or a flow of things.
Some drawings show assemblies of parts and some show individual parts.
Some drawings show five views, giving both sides and an underside view.
Some drawings show the floorplan and tell the builder how to construct the building.
Draws activity diagrams depicting chemical equilibria among mineral and aqueous solutions.
Drawstring allows adjustability.
Drawstring is a tie
Drawstring is ties.
Drawstring makes for quick size adjustments to fit the younger athlete's needs.
Drawstrings adjust to changing temperatures better than elastic or tailored waistbands.
Drawstrings are less sturdy, but their contrasting color makes finding the bag's open end easier.
Drawstrings are stupid.
Drawstrings can catch in playground equipment, fences, and school bus doors.
Drawstrings can catch in playground equipment, fences, school bus doors and escalators.
Drawstrings can catch in school bus doors, playground equipment, fences, and escalators.
Drawstrings can catch on objects and provide a strangulation hazard.
Drawstrings can catch on playground and other equipment and can strangle young children.
Drawstrings can catch on playground and other equipment, and can strangle young children.
Drawstrings can strangle a child if they get caught on playground equipment.
Drawstrings can strangle young children if caught on playground and other equipment.
Drawstrings keep bags in place, and lined canvas makes cleanup a breeze.
Dray isa cart.
Drays have (part) brakes.
Drays have (part) sections.
Drays have (part) spokes.
Drays have (part) wagon tires.
Drays have (part) wagon wheels.
DRC circuitry provides four times the total picture density.
DRC code is basically stable.
DRC mediation can be free or provided at a low cost.
DRC reds are the standard by which all others are measured.
Dread locks are a lot of work.
Dread is fear
Dreads really smell.
Dreaded hair works the same way.
Dreadful anxiety prevails in every household where any members are absent.
Dreadful wives operate within a pathetically limited paradigm.
A dreadlock is a lock
Dreadlocks are a part of history.
Dreadlocks are a symbol of their dedication and devotion to Rastafari.
Dreadlocks are beautiful and unique snowflakes.
Dreadlocks are hot, hot, hot.
Dreadlocks are locks.
Dreadlocks are more than a hair style, they become a part of life.
Dreadlocks are nice, too.
Dreadlocks are prolly the koolest hair style ever.
Dreadlocks are really just matted hair.
Dreadlocks are the natural state of hair.
Dreadlocks are the result of the natural locking, or matting, of coarse African hair.
Dreadlocks Get natty dread with some excellent resources on the Net.
Dreadlocks proliferate and earlobes are stretched like taffy.
Dreadlocked aliens turn mankind into an endangered species.
A dreadnaught is a military vehicle
A dreadnaught is a ship
Dreadnaughts are the Soviet naval death platforms.
Dreadnaughts can now break bridges with missiles.
A dreadnought is a military vehicle
A dreadnought is a ship
Dreadnoughts can now break bridges with missiles.
Dream analysis is like looking at a piece of artwork.
Dream analysis is no exception.
Some dream catchers have a crystal attached to the hole and feathers tied unto the bottom.
Dream children can come to life, and talk to one another in argumentative, demanding voices.
Many dream homes start out as a sketch on an envelope.
Dream interpreters come from many different schools of thought.
Dream Lake is another half-mile and is also easy.
Dream lovers dream apart .
Dream makers are the catalyst who have the ability to turn ideas into reality.
Dream merchants is the dream comic.
Dreams of love are dreams of acceptance and belonging.
Dreams of love can crash and burn and come true.
Dream sharing is much the same.
Some dream teams face fate.
Some dream teams face similar fate.
Dream work can be as simple as a note pad and a peace of paper.
Dream yoga begins.
A dream is imagination
Dream Come True How to visit the SHOT Show and see it all.
Dream Come True Massage - Massage therapy for relaxation and tension relief.
Dream isa cognition.
Dream isa knowledge.
Dreams  flies.
Dreams  sleep.
Dreams also can be profound sources of creative inspiration.
Dreams also can come from many different sources.
Dreams also differ in several ways between children and adults.
Dreams also indicate the way to self actualization.
Dreams also require hope to thrive.
Dreams also seem to have a natural life cycle, a natural time to live before they want to wind down.
Dreams also tend to be one-sided.
Dreams are a common ground between the two, speaking through a language of symbols and stories.
Dreams are a connection to the soul which is our true selves.
Dreams are a different category.
Dreams are a good example.
Dreams are a kind of released insanity.
Dreams are a language.
Dreams are a major factor in all of our lives.
Dreams are a passageway to another universe.
Dreams are a phenomena that have never been fully explained.
Dreams are a portal into the bizarre realm of the mind.
Dreams are a portal to the bizarre realm of the mind.
Dreams are a powerful force in people's lives.
Dreams are a rich well-spring wisdom.
Dreams are a source of tremendous personal wealth.
Dreams are a type of receptive imagery.
Dreams are a wealth of metaphors and analogies that pertain to important issues in people s lives.
Dreams are a wellspring of creativity, a place where our life and the shadowlands meet.
Dreams are adventures in hope.
Dreams are ahead of consciousness.
Dreams are also of importance because they can contain some information on upcoming events.
Dreams are also the stuff of myth and literature.
Dreams are also the whisperings from our spirit that bring a new depth of wisdom.
Dreams are always there.
Dreams are amazing.
Dreams are an ancient subject which only recently has been of interest to scientists.
Dreams are an aside.
Dreams are an excellent source of ideas, because they are like a movie.
Dreams are an important device in the novel, starting right with the title.
Dreams are an important vehicle through which the soul communicates with the personality.
Dreams are apparently a necessary part of our being.
Dreams are artwork.
Dreams are awesome things.
Dreams are bands.
Dreams are beautiful and scary.
Dreams are beautiful things.
Dreams are big.
Dreams are born Life is grand.
Dreams are both pleasant and unpleasant or nightmarish.
Dreams are by and large by the heroines.
Dreams are cheap.
Dreams are closer than anything except for love.
Dreams are cognitive processes.
Dreams are companies.
Dreams are complex.
Dreams are constantly available inner resources for personal transformation.
Dreams are crazy.
Dreams are creative translations of our feelings and can serve to present spiritual lessons.
Dreams are critical to health.
Dreams are crucial.
Dreams are dangerous.
Dreams are dealt on daily basis.
Dreams are delightful but without preparation they are just a fantasy.
Dreams are different for everyone.
Dreams are disguised attempts at wish-fulfillment.
Dreams are dreams.
Dreams are easy to dream, but hard to fulfill.
Dreams are egocentric.
Dreams are elusive.
Dreams are ephemeral and tend to die a slow death.
Dreams are essential for success.
Dreams are exciting.
Dreams are experiences of a larger reality.
Dreams are expressions of consciousness without a body.
Dreams are extremely enlightening.
Dreams are extremely important.
Dreams are fantasies and lies.
Dreams are fantasies, fairy tales.
Dreams are fascinating, bizarre - and necessary.
Dreams are fascinating, rich with symbols, and vastly important.
Dreams are fertile places for metaphors.
Dreams are fluff.
Dreams are for always.
Dreams are for real.
Dreams are fragile among the poorest of the world's children.
Dreams are free, and a means to express feelings.
Dreams are free, but there's a small charge for alterations.
Dreams are free.
Dreams are fresh material, unfettered by social expectation and convention.
Dreams are full of care and fear.
Dreams are full of symbolism.
Dreams are full of symbols.
Dreams are funny little things.
Dreams are funny things.
Dreams are gifts to the whole community.
Dreams are good sorts of self-reports of a sort.
Dreams are goodly.
Dreams are great for that.
Dreams are great levelers and help people to identify with each other.
Dreams are great motivators.
Dreams are great.
Dreams are hope.
Dreams are illusive and fade very quickly into the thickets of the unconscious.
Dreams are imaginary but are related to events in the dreamer's life.
Dreams are imagination.
Dreams are important clues as to the contents of our unconscious.
Dreams are important religious phenomena in virtually all the world's religious traditions.
Dreams are important things.
Dreams are important to the human psychic and depict subtle messages from deep within the mind.
Dreams are important.
Dreams are incomplete without dreamwork.
Dreams are indeed important.
Dreams are indeed the seedlings of reality.
Dreams are indispensable.
Dreams are individual and everyone has their own.
Dreams are infinite, so long as there are dreamers.
Dreams are information.
Dreams are intense and difficult, hard work, upsetting.
Dreams are just as real as our world, but in a different way.
Dreams are just bits of the process of the mental clean-up that is taking place.
Dreams are just that without goals and plans.
Dreams are just the brain's way of making sense of random neural activity.
Dreams are keys to understanding the unconscious and thus the person.
Dreams are lands of pure imagination.
Dreams are like a valve that lets off steam.
Dreams are like flowers in a garden.
Dreams are like in a movie.
Dreams are like looking down into a deep chasm into our souls.
Dreams are like looking into the meadows of our mind.
Dreams are like stars.
Dreams are like that.
Dreams are like time machines sometime.
Dreams are like water, colorless and dangerous.
Dreams are little better than mind candy which can only be made real with hard work.
Dreams are magical, mystical and sometimes even frightening.
Dreams are maps.
Dreams are meaningful.
Dreams are meaningless.
Dreams are mechanisms that inform and guide our feelings and emotions.
Dreams are memories of another universe.
Dreams ARE memories, so no regret.
Dreams are mental patterns formed by vivid, often breathtaking images.
Dreams are merely an extension of the subconscious.
Dreams are messages for today.
Dreams are messages from our inner being.
Dreams are messages from the spirit world.
Dreams are mind-created phenomena and they are activities of the mind.
Dreams are more honest however, than our waking life.
Dreams are most intensive at the end of a night's sleep.
Dreams are most usually passive.
Dreams are most vivid during REM or rapid eye movement sleep.
Dreams are motivated by the goal of sleep.
Dreams are much more vivid both in color and content.
Dreams are natural conditions of life, just as breathing and thinking are.
Dreams are nearly always symbolic and therefore require interpretation.
Dreams are never only anything.
Dreams are nice and all, but impossible dreams, really impossible dreams, are of absolutely no use.
Dreams are no different from other outputs of human life.
Dreams are no less important today.
Dreams are no more.
Dreams are normally non-lucid .
Dreams are nothing but a reflection of reality, skewed through imagination.
Dreams are nothing but incoherent ideas, occasioned by partial or imperfect sleep.
Dreams are nothing else.
Dreams are often a good way to get numbers.
Dreams are often a response to our daily thoughts, activities and sensations.
Dreams are often bizarre and incoherent.
Dreams are often metaphors, too.
Dreams are often most profound when they seem the most crazy.
Dreams are often prescient, in other words, they are predictions about the future.
Dreams are often undefined and without borders, whereas goals are something concrete.
Dreams are okay as long as they pay.
Dreams are one example of the role that analogy plays in creative thinking.
Dreams are one of the triggers for synchronicities take place.
Dreams are only visions that a person has to make come true.
Dreams are ordinarily spontaneous and representative of subconscious meanderings.
Dreams are organizes the unconscious and art about the unconscious.
Dreams are our lives, just in more fun colors.
Dreams are our most elementary form of storytelling.
Dreams are our own brain's attempt to solve and resolve real-life problems.
Dreams are our perceptions in life.
Dreams are our subconscious making sense of both the physical world and the subconscious world.
Dreams are our visions of tomorrow.
Dreams are part of sleeping.
Dreams are part of the magic the night brings.
Dreams are part of the web of psychological factors which create an individual's life pattern.
Dreams are pathways to the true self.
Dreams are perfection.
Dreams are perhaps the most illusive thing to discern.
Dreams are personal experience.
Dreams are personal.
Dreams are pictures in the twilight.
Dreams are possible.
Dreams are postcards from the unconscious.
Dreams are powerful things.
Dreams are primarily about self.
Dreams are private and very personal.
Dreams are private experience.
Dreams are private, and reality is shared.
Dreams are prophecies and dreamers are prophets.
Dreams are real drama queens.
Dreams are real while they last.
Dreams are real.
Dreams are renewable.
Dreams are representations of feelings and awarenesses that currently are on our minds.
Dreams are sacred.
Dreams are sensory.
Dreams are simply another way to talk about vision.
Dreams are simply nocturnal and ambiguous phenomena to most people.
Dreams are simply potential realities unknown author.
Dreams are so much better than class.
Dreams are some of the most interesting things in the world.
Dreams are sometimes a way to discharge stress.
Dreams are strange creatures.
Dreams are strange that way.
Dreams are strange.
Dreams are sweet.
Dreams are the beginning seeds of reality yet to be manifest.
Dreams are the beginning, but persistence is the ending.
Dreams are the beginnings of the great things in life.
Dreams are the bridges that link our spiritual and physical realities.
Dreams are the buds of prophecy.
Dreams are the building blocks to all of mankind's achievements.
Dreams are the doorway to the soul.
Dreams are the fabric from which kingly raiment is fashioned.
Dreams are the first step towards success.
Dreams are the forces that make miracles happen.
Dreams are the fuel of hope and hope is the stuff of life.
Dreams are the fuel of life.
Dreams are the hopes of life.
Dreams are the hot passion of inspiration in search of fulfillment.
Dreams are the infinite source of ideas and at times a place of sanctuary.
Dreams are the key.
Dreams are the keys that hide the greatest treasures of our universe.
Dreams are the little death, the pre-view of our after life.
Dreams are the major manifestation of the unconscious mind.
Dreams are the means through which songs are communicated to healers.
Dreams are the metals that construct spaceships and craft wedding bands.
Dreams are the most completely subjective picture of what's on our mind.
Dreams are the packages of the heart.
Dreams are the portals into the inner worlds, the subtle arena of life.
Dreams are the preferred drug of addiction for existence.
Dreams are the realm of imagery and symbols.
Dreams are the redolent chrysalis of myth.
Dreams are the result.
Dreams are the royal road to the unconscious.
Dreams are the Royal road, to the knowledge of our mind.
Dreams are the seedlings of realities.
Dreams are the spice of life.
Dreams are the stuff the future is made of.
Dreams are the subconscious mind's way of communicating with the conscious mind.
Dreams are the subconscious mind's way of working through important issues.
Dreams are the testing ground for actions and decisions.
Dreams are the things that trigger our thoughts.
Dreams are the touchstones of our character.
Dreams are the touchstones of our characters.
Dreams are the true reality.
Dreams are the wanderings of the spirit though all nine heavens and all nine earths.
Dreams are the way the unconscious speaks to the conscious mind.
Dreams are the wings of the butterflies .
Dreams are the wishes the heart makes.
Dreams are the workshop of evolution.
Dreams are things that happen when people sleep.
Dreams are things to be marveled at and interpreted.
Dreams are things to discuss, ideas to recognize.
Dreams are tomorrows reality.
Dreams are too expensive now.
Dreams are too flimsy and unstable for that.
Dreams are total emotion.
Dreams are trance states.
Dreams are tricky things, moreso than many others.
Dreams are tricky things, tantalizing and nebulous.
Dreams are tricky.
Dreams are tuppence a dozen.
Dreams are useless.
Dreams are valuable guidance system.
Dreams are very brief periods that occur during our sleep time.
Dreams are very efficient.
Dreams are very fragile beings and interfered with easily.
Dreams are very hard to figure out exactly what they mean.
Dreams are very personal and speak to the specific emotional life of the dreamer.
Dreams are very personal and totally individual.
Dreams are very rich in imagery.
Dreams are vital to life, just as food, sleep, air, and love are.
Dreams are vivid and emotionally charged.
Dreams are what happens when life fails our expectations.
Dreams are what have changed the view of Diving around the world.
Dreams are what keep people going.
Dreams are what life is all about.
Dreams are what life really is made of.
Dreams are what make life tolerable.
Dreams are where goals come from.
Dreams are windows into worlds beyond the ordinary.
Dreams are windows to the soul.
Dreams are wiser than men.
Dreams are wishes made fast asleep.
Dreams are wonderful to have.
Dreams are wonderful tools when used properly.
Dreams are wonderful.
Dreams are worth waiting for.
Dreams are, and always have been, a powerful source of religious experience and insight.
Dreams are, by definition, cursed with short life spans.
Dreams are, conversely, designed to stop periods.
Dreams are, in fact, masses of composite structures joined together like pack ice.
Dreams are, in short, an attempt by the mind to bridge the gap between conscious and unconscious.
Dreams become an attainable goal.
Dreams become goals for action.
Dreams become memories that last.
Dreams become nightmares as they choke on the sweet nectar of envy and desire.
Dreams become reality when they become goals.
Dreams become reality.
Dreams beget dreams and soon the homeowner is restless.
Dreams begin to die.
Dreams begin to replace nightmares.
Dreams belong to everyone.
Dreams belong to the dreamer, learn to understand their meaning and value.
Dreams bring messages through symbols, which can be people, places, or animals.
Dreams bring passion, enthusiasm, and excitement to life.
Dreams build upon each other.
Dreams can also be a major part of our development process.
Dreams can also reflect changes in environments.
Dreams can and do come true.
Dreams can answer questions.
Dreams can be a map for the soul's journey, unlocking hidden secrets and opening new vistas.
Dreams can be a product of our own imaginations.
Dreams can be a valuable tool for self-understanding.
Dreams can be a way of working through conflicts.
Dreams can be an important clue to the state of the unconscious.
Dreams can be an important way of getting things done.
Dreams can be extraordinarily elusive like trying to catch a butterfly just always out of reach.
Dreams can be hugely helpful here since they are so often prescient.
Dreams can be important for self-analysis and personal growth.
Dreams can be like that.
Dreams can be many of things.
Dreams can be mysterious, and always interesting.
Dreams can be natural or supernatural.
Dreams can be passionate, sad, exciting or joyous.
Dreams can be plentiful, but actualization is much more rare.
Dreams can be positive, negative, complicated, simplistic, mysterious or pragmatic as life itself.
Dreams can be rehearsals or telegrams . . .
Dreams can be so much fun sometimes.
Dreams can be tricky.
Dreams can be very powerful and a listening ear can provide needed support.
Dreams can be very therapeutic.
Dreams can become a reality.
Dreams can become reality.
Dreams can both assist and retard therapy.
Dreams can cause reflexive actions, too.
Dreams can come from the demonic world.
Dreams can come true and wishes are granted.
Dreams can come true for today's retirement savers.
Dreams can come true in time.
Dreams can come true that have been dashed elsewhere.
Dreams can come true with our travel package.
Dreams can come true with the right information.
Dreams can come true.
Dreams Can Come True.
Dreams can cover a vast range of knowledge, from personal insight to prophetic revelation.
Dreams can cut through time like lightning through clouds to illuminate an otherwise darkened land.
Dreams can end at any time.
Dreams can even warn about such conditions many many years in advance of the disease.
Dreams can have extremely predictive properties.
Dreams can heal sickness that are physical, mental, emotional, and spiritual.
Dreams can help explain our fears or predict our futures.
Dreams can help people solve problems.
Dreams Can Help.
Dreams can inform our waking life with their poetry, humor, expanded horizon and story.
Dreams can make statements about physical health as well.
Dreams can occur when two living human beings send strong mental telepathic messages to each other.
Dreams can provide answers .
Dreams can provide answers.
Dreams can result from a variety of factors.
Dreams can take many forms which are generally placed into categories.
Dreams cause wisdom.
Dreams certainly do come true.
Dreams Click the typing lady to start writing the family history.
Dreams combined with hard work really can come true.
Dreams come and go.
Dreams come in an array of types.
Dreams come in many different shapes and sizes.
Dreams come in many different sizes.
Dreams come in only a few categories.
Dreams come in the service of wholeness and health.
Dreams come to life in Powell River, BC, Canada.
Dreams come to pass.
Dreams come to show.
Dreams Come True .
Dreams come true and go belly up all the time.
Dreams come true in France at a surprisingly affordable price.
Dreams come true on signing day .
Dreams come true with help of foundation It began simply.
Dreams come true.
Dreams Come True.
Dreams come up and nightmares come up.
Dreams come, dreams go, but conscience goes forever.
Dreams coming true are worth the hard work.
Dreams contain more than one layer of understanding.
Dreams contain strong markers of certain psychological patterns.
Dreams continue to be insightful.
Dreams coruscate, in glory that no longer matters.
Dreams cost nothing.
Dreams create individuality within our community . . .
Dreams create individuality within our community.
Dreams create our freedom.
Dreams create some of the most incredible work.
Dreams definitely are effective in providing humanity with a vision of the unconscious.
Dreams definitely go into some scary places and some joyful places too.
Dreams demand interpretation.
Dreams demand vision.
Dreams derive from the unconscious.
Dreams deserve a much different kind of response than a mere historical contextualizing.
Dreams die first.
Dreams die hard, though, especially when lucrative modeling offers begin to arrive.
Dreams die hard.
Dreams die right there.
Dreams die very hard.
Dreams die when people lose heart and give up.
Dreams die young.
Dreams dim, panic takes over.
Dreams dip into the currents, pop to the surface again.
Dreams disappear with every passing year.
Dreams dissolve into reality, just as the past dissolves into the present.
Dreams do come true and they don t come for free.
Dreams do come true but everybody needs a little help.
Dreams do come true for people who believe.
Dreams do come true in America for people who come from the third world.
Dreams do come true in America.
Dreams do come true in Prince Rupert.
Dreams do come true in the blink of an eye.
Dreams do come true sometimes.
Dreams do come true, but in dreams begin responsibility.
Dreams do come true, but sometimes it takes special courage and persistence to make that happen.
Dreams do come true.
Dreams Do Come True.
Dreams do sometimes come true.
Dreams do tend to follow certain patterns.
Dreams don t have to last forever.
Dreams drive students to plan and act.
Dreams expose problems, and also provide solutions.
Dreams facilitate the expedient detachment of effect from cause.
Dreams fade much quicker than the blackness of ink.
Dreams fail to rise above the broken bedstead.
Dreams fascinate people.
Dreams figure predominantly throughout the novel as they plague all of the adults.
Dreams figure prominently in the culture of the Aboriginal tribes of the world.
Dreams filter through the webbing.
Dreams flow in succession in the night.
Dreams follow a sudden loss.
Dreams form the bristles of the artist's brush.
Dreams generally point to our blind spot.
Dreams generate enthusiasm, inspire sacrifice and illuminate our dark days.
Dreams give a subjectivity to our soma's existence.
Dreams go by.
Dreams grow like ferns under the cover of denser forests.
Dreams happen during the active phase in sleep when REMs occur.
Dreams happen when people sleep .
Dreams happen when people sleep.
Dreams harmlessly fulfill our urge to do unacceptable, evil things.
Dreams has a list of dream-related pages.
Dreams have a bad habit of changing the scenery to produce certain situations and emotions.
Dreams have a definite, purposeful structure indicating an underlying idea or intention.
Dreams have a fuel source all their own.
Dreams have a specific function and focus.
Dreams have a way of reaffirming themselves even after tragedy.
Dreams have an emotional matrix that dream characters, or objects, are embedded in.
Dreams have an enchanting spell to weave later in the day.
Dreams have as much influence as actions.
Dreams have but one owner at a time.
Dreams have many levels of meaning and serve a number of purposes.
Dreams have many things in common with magical realism.
Dreams have no age limit.
Dreams have only one owner at a time.
Dreams have only the pigmentation of fact.
Dreams have orientation.
Dreams have real power.
Dreams have strong connections to emotions.
Dreams have that quality of unlimited potential in which the fantastic has become familiar.
Dreams have their own grammar and own set of meanings.
Dreams have their special logic, at once palpably real and outside reality.
Dreams help break down prematurely closed prejudices, opinions, idelogies and world views.
Dreams help the mind process complicated events or information.
Dreams help to clear the mind.
Dreams incubate a power lunch with Uranus.
Dreams indicate expression.
Dreams influence physical reality in very real ways.
Dreams is the word.
Dreams keep coming true.
Dreams keep people motivated, even if only for a nanosecond.
Dreams know no time.
Dreams land hard on the bourses.
Dreams lead to action.
Dreams lie within, along with determination.
Dreams link the aware mind, speaking to it directly from our subconscious.
Dreams look inward, while windows open out onto the world.
Dreams lurch, dot the eye with work.
Dreams make a far better subject to work on.
Dreams materialize like the shapes of animals in clouds.
Dreams meet reality in Europe's second biggest club competition.
Dreams melt everything together.
Dreams never come true because of fear.
Dreams never come true, if it s surrounded by fear.
Dreams never die.
Dreams never last to long.
Dreams Never Lie.
Dreams occur during the REM phase of sleep, which is generalized and common to all human beings.
Dreams occur in a nonphysical reality.
Dreams occur in phases.
Dreams occur in the mental domain.
Dreams occur in various phases.
Dreams occur only during REM sleep.
Dreams occur there and partly arise from it.
Dreams occur when individuals display rapid eye movement or REM, mostly in the early hours.
Dreams offer an always present, natural source of creativity.
Dreams offer insight, psychic potential and hidden messages.
Dreams only deal with the immediate present.
Dreams pass into the reality of action.
Dreams perform a vital integrative function in life, as do feeling and creative work.
Dreams pick words carefully.
Dreams play a big, big role in success.
Dreams present a variety of messages.
Dreams present many mysteries of telepathy, clairvoyance, prevision and retrovision.
Dreams provide a gentler way to look into the mirror sometimes.
Dreams provide an equally characteristic example of forgetting.
Dreams provide an ideal bridge for cross-cultural communication.
Dreams provide answers about health, relationships, career choices, any new direction.
Dreams provide insight into the future, a form of inner voice of prophesy.
Dreams provide the quickest way to the individuation process.
Dreams range from trips to Australia to cruises to Alaska to meeting celebrities.
Dreams range in time from a few seconds to several minutes.
Dreams really can come true.
Dreams really come true in Hawaii Come explore and experience the beauty of Maui.
Dreams really do come true.
Dreams reflect out thoughts and feelings.
Dreams refuse to polarize.
Dreams remain dreams unless they are brought into reality through goals and concrete steps.
Dreams remain just that - dreams.
Dreams repeatedly collide with reality in the course of the novel.
Dreams require freedom to soar.
Dreams respond to attention and requests.
Dreams reveal our present, past and future.
Dreams see with new eyes.
Dreams seem a luxury, a vanity.
Dreams seem necessary as well.
Dreams seem pretty convincing.
Dreams serve as escape valves for individuals.
Dreams serve several purposes.
Dreams serve to restore one's total psychic equilibrium.
Dreams shape our lives.
Dreams show bugs have something to teach.
Dreams somehow find ways to live on in the minds and hearts of winners.
Dreams speak in images, metaphors.
Dreams speak in stories, feelings and pictures.
Dreams speak, write, dance and form part of the new digital matrix.
Dreams springing up from self or satan can seem to have prophetic qualities.
Dreams start with sleep.
Dreams still come true in America.
Dreams still do come true.
Dreams stimulate our senses and awaken our entrepreneurial spirit.
Dreams Stimulates psychic activity, promotes vivid dream recall.
Dreams supposedly are meaningful images of our inner health and well being.
Dreams take courage, but they also add hope and anticipation to our lives.
Dreams take flesh and spur further dreams.
Dreams take hold here . . .
Dreams take time, hard work, determination, and patience.
Dreams takes place in between second and third seasons.
Dreams tell a different nighttime story, using an often unfamiliar grammar and vocabulary of images.
Dreams tend to come in a series.
Dreams tend to evaporate quickly with the light of day just like the morning dew.
Dreams tend to possess dramatic qualities.
Dreams then are simple a result of all the released data.
Dreams too are the placebo of antiquity in the practice of healing.
Dreams turn into possibilities.
Dreams update our self-image.
Dreams use absurdity to tell the truth when none else dare.
Dreams use figures of speech to create the images.
Dreams violate the principle of non-contradiction.
Dreams wander on.
Dreams work in various ways.
Dreams work their teaching over a life time.
Dreams often carry the most powerful visions.
Dreams often comment on the darkness within our souls.
Dreams often happen during REM sleep.
Dreams often pack more than one meaning into a single word.
Dreams often play a significant role.
Dreams often present a conflict or polarity of opposites.
Dreams often show it.
Dreams often speak in extremes to get our attention.
Dreams often speak of guidance, problem solving, warning, future events and healing.
Dreams sometimes can become true . . . .
Dreams sometimes end where they began.
Dreams sometimes shatter dreams.
Dreams usually convey an overall impression or feeling.
Dreams usually follow typical patterns and contain images common to most people.
Dreams usually reflect current concerns.
All dreams are activities that can be done on Maui.
All dreams are clairvoyant.
All dreams are good dreams in that they bring unconscious materials to the conscious mind.
All dreams are important, but most lesser dreams are forgotten shortly upon awakening.
All dreams are possible.
All dreams are unfinished.
All dreams are unique to the dreamer.
All dreams are welcome here.
All dreams come in the service of health and wholeness.
All dreams come true at last.
All dreams come true, provided they are insane enough.
All dreams come true, provided they are insane.
All dreams follow the mouth.
All dreams have causes, generally from emotionally charged life events.
All dreams have inherent value.
All dreams reflect inborn creativity and ability to face and solve life s problems.
All dreams reflect society as a whole, as well as the dreamer s relationship to it.
All dreams speak a universal language and come in the service of health and wholeness.
All dreams speak a universal language of metaphor and symbol.
All dreams spin out from the same web.
All dreams spin out of the same web.
Any dream is fine.
Every dream carries with it certain risks, especially the risk of failure.
Every dream deserves a fighting chance.
Every dream grows through action.
Every dream has a guardian that houses it from nothingness.
Every dream has a price.
Every dream has many layers of meaning.
Every dream has origin in thought, and every thought makes a mind picture.
Every dream has three melodies.
Every dream has to start somewhere.
Every dream impacts every ambition and becomes a network, a culture, of excellence.
Every dream is different.
Every dream needs a practical plan to become a reality.
Many dreams are a natural source of healing wisdom.
Many dreams come to North America, crossing many borders.
Many dreams come true and some have silver linings.
More dreams afflict the giants.
More dreams involve being passive or playing than involve work or studying.
Most dreams are banal.
Most dreams are in color.
Most dreams are probably unconscious astral projections, anyway.
Most dreams are symbolic, rather than literal.
Most dreams are the result of inspiration.
Most dreams are unpleasant and that is the nature of our private unconscious.
Most dreams are very meaningful for people.
Most dreams indicate expression.
Most dreams occur during REM sleep.
Most dreams occur in phases.
Most dreams occur in REM sleep.
Most dreams occur in various phases.
Most dreams use metaphor to illuminate aspects of the life and relationships of the dreamer.
Some dreams are deferred and some dreams are remade.
Some dreams are elusive, but occasionally the elements oblige.
Some dreams are fun or silly, while others can be scary.
Some dreams are good though.
Some dreams are good, some are bad.
Some dreams are more dramatic than others and represent different stages of sleep.
Some dreams are more emotional than others.
Some dreams are more interesting than others.
Some dreams are much more exciting.
Some dreams are nice and some are scary, called a nightmare.
Some dreams are nightmares when put into practice.
Some dreams are possible with nothing but sweat, talent and hard work.
Some dreams are so widespread in Western culture that their meaning is taken for granted.
Some dreams are too big to be kept in bottles.
Some dreams are worth everything.
Some dreams become goals, and in turn, reality.
Some dreams become life.
Some dreams become reality, others remain fairytales.
Some dreams can come true.
Some dreams certainly seem to mislead and disguise, but others are given to truth telling.
Some dreams come true becoming great successes and others sadly die.
Some dreams come true.
Some dreams confer the charisma associated with religious authority .
Some dreams contain links to other dreams with similar topics or themes.
Some dreams describe foreign worlds and never-ever lands and are really beautiful.
Some dreams die and fall free, that is another of the world's bitter truths.
Some dreams do come true.
Some dreams do cometrue.
Some dreams even predict the future.
Some dreams have consequences.
Some dreams have ideas.
Some dreams have impact.
Some dreams have more meaning than others do.
Some dreams have our house floating away in a flood of rushing water.
Some dreams have real impact.
Some dreams never die.
Some dreams never do come true.
Some dreams prove reality.
Some dreams really do come true.
Some dreams relate to business.
Some dreams remain just dreams.
Some dreams seem at first impossible, then improbable, then, ultimately, inevitable.
Some dreams seem to stay in the mind for years with a clarity that approaches that of real life.
Some dreams seem uncanny.
Some dreams take longer to fulfill than others.
Dreamer characters are the foundation of the game.
Dreamer parents serve as mentors, activity leaders, and chaperones.
A dreamer is a sleeper
Dreamers are all around, and are just waiting to be found.
Dreamers are couch potatoes.
Dreamers are fragile.
Dreamers are grateful for the support and tuition assistance they receive from the foundation.
Dreamers are lonely, and never content, though they press on.
Dreamers are often misunderstood.
Dreamers are plentiful.
Dreamers are serpent people who escaped long ago to the Dreamlands.
Dreamers are sleepers.
Dreamers are terrible.
Dreamers are the architects of greatness.
Dreamers are the only people who seem genuinely content.
Dreamers become immobilized and brain activity is the same as it is during waking hours.
Dreamers belong in mathematics.
Dreamers blossom when they are around people who encourage their dreaming.
Dreamers build bridges between the known and the unknown.
Dreamers can dream, wishers can wish as long as they are living.
Dreamers develop large cities, construct nations, and write constitutions.
Dreamers don t tell the whole truth.
Dreamers dream beyond clack of train wheels through far lands.
Dreamers have little use for plows, and plowmen no use for dreamers.
Dreamers learn to steer by the stars.
Dreamers miss stuff.
Dreamers never sleep.
Dreamers read books, go to seminars and write-out mission statements.
Dreamers require tools to make their dreams come true.
Dreamers see things in the soft haze of a spring day or in the red fire of a long winter's evening.
Dreamers see things in the soft haze of a spring day or in the red fire on a long winter's evening.
Dreamers seek a way and find a place for all under the tent.
Dreamers sign on.
Dreamers simply escape the odd looks by booking themselves on the next flight of fancy.
Every dreamer pays a price.
Most dreamers wake themselves up once they realize that they are only dreaming.
Some dreamers demand that scientists only discover things that can be used for good.
Dreaming  eye movement.
Dreaming  flies.
Dreaming  sleep.
Dreaming  sleeping.
Dreaming  smiles.
Dreaming are used for enlightenment.
Dreaming are used for fun.
Dreaming cause car accidents.
Dreaming cause confusion.
Dreaming cause fantasies.
Dreaming cause fear.
Dreaming cause inspiration.
Dreaming cause nightmares.
A dreamland is imagination
Dreamland has other pastures, other melodies to chew on.
Dreamland is a nightmare.
Dreamland is ground zero for a new folklore.
Dreamland is more like it.
Dreamland is the best there is.
Dreamland offers everything from baby shoes to motorcycle boots.
Dreamland specializes in the best brown tabby bengals possible.
Dreamland tells the amazing story of America's black aircraft.
Dreamy lace invites the sunshine quietly into each romantic guestroom.
Dreary basements are a poor choice too.
Dreary conditions make it too easy for someone to get lost or injured.
A dredge is a shovel
Dredge strips in flour, shake off excess.
Dredge strips in flour.
Dredge strips with cornstarch.
Dredge strips with seasoned flour.
Dredges are large scrapers that are also raised and lowered by machine.
Dredges are more complicated than cores.
Dredges excavating ship channels frequently injure or kill the dormant turtles.
Dredges pump the sediment from the settling basin to the adjacent flood plain.
Dredges work constantly to keep the channel clear of earthslides.
Dredges work in artificial ponds, pumping ore in slurry form to floating concentrators.
Many dredges have digging ladders with enormous buckets that feed the gravel into the dump box.
Some dredges come up with intact pillow lavas.
Dredged material is a regulated activity.
Dredged material is that material which is excavated from the waters of the United States.
Dredged material is, therefore, regarded either as sewage or as contaminated soil.
Dredged water is cleaned and available for reuse.
A dredger is a barge
Dredgers also stop all activities during spawning seasons to leave the fish unharassed.
Every dredger knows it's wise to have an extra seal and gasket.
Dredgings are transfers.
A dreg is an amount
Dregs are everywhere.
Dregs Know no borders nor geo-political boundaries.
Dremu oil is thick, rich and very smooth.
Dresden soils are on outwash plains and stream terraces.
Dresden soils have free carbonates in the lower part of the series control section.
Dress blues are hot in the summer time.
Dress code can leave a good first impression.
Dress code is code
Dress code is code.
Dress code is skirts or dresses the the ladies and a tie for the gentlemen.
Dress codes are a good example, with individual departments free to establish their own dress codes.
Dress codes are in transition.
Dress codes are one thing, uniforms are quite another.
Dress codes are only for serious groups of people in sport and life.
Dress codes are relaxed.
Dress codes are so strict that it's hard to compete very effectively in clothing.
Dress codes do no good.
Dress codes vary from job to job.
Dress codes vary somewhat from hunt to hunt around the country.
Some dress codes are sex-specific.
Dress pants are acceptable.
Dress pants are made of wool or polyester, and they are ironed before they are worn.
Dress rehearsal is rehearsal
Dress rehearsal is rehearsal.
Dress rehearsals are a time to check out costuming, lines, lighting, pace, etc.
Dress rehearsals are mandatory.
Dress sizes depend on both height and figure type.
Dress standards apply.
Dress standards request a shirt with a collar, slacks and covered shoes for Gentlemen.
All dress standards apply through final exam week.
A dress is a clothing
Dress affects attitude and behavior.
Dress affects student behavior only slightly.
Dress expresses degree of group cohesiveness and acceptance of individuals into the group.
Dress forgive except an pity still arrived telecom.
Dress shown above is full with a co-coordinating pinafore with lots of lace.
Dress tends to be business casual.
Dress tends to be informal and sportswear is popular.
Dress tends to be less conservative.
Dress tends to be quite conservative but casual clothes are usually suitable.
Dress tends to be rather conservative but casual wear is suitable.
Dress worn by royal brides reflects to a much greater degree the fashions of the period.
Dresses are all custom fit and individually designed.
Dresses are also a smart choice, but avoid sheer, filmy styles.
Dresses are also available for rent on the island.
Dresses are apparel.
Dresses are available for other occasions, such as first communion, prom and mother of the bride.
Dresses are available to take home immediately, if no alterations are required.
Dresses are back with a vengeance and it's cool to look snazzy and feminine.
Dresses are below the knee, hip hugging waists, cut at the hips with bias skirts.
Dresses are blue.
Dresses are 'body-friendly'.
Dresses are capable of actions.
Dresses are clothing.
Dresses are floor-length, finished with shorter, tulle veils or tiaras.
Dresses are garments.
Dresses are lined and the detail overall is outstanding.
Dresses are located in closets.
Dresses are located in shops.
Dresses are more comfortable.
Dresses are non-refundable.
Dresses are one piece garments without separate jackets and skirts.
Dresses are original designs made in Hawaii.
Dresses are short from day to night.
Dresses are slim-line, in dry or liquid jersey fabrics or satin for evening.
Dresses are solid color with long skirts and aprons.
Dresses are the easiest and most comfortable apparel for pregnant women.
Dresses can either be of western or traditional Zimbabwean style and colors.
Dresses come as gifts from all the world.
Dresses come in one size, although custom sizing is available upon request.
Dresses feature lace and layering and some frills.
Dresses fit and flare in dramatic necklines.
Dresses flounce in the wind.
Dresses handmade to order to fit all sizes of dolls or children.
Dresses have full circle sckits and puffy sleeves.
Dresses have snap closure.
Dresses have to accommodate a pregnant bride's changing shape too.
Dresses have underslips which are trimmed with tulle.
Dresses have zip fastening .
Dresses range from sparkling glamour to soft velvet wear, ranging in all sizes.
Dresses seem to arrive from nowhere.
Dresses seem to be gone.
Dresses spread like winged manta rays, strokes of color cascading a rhythm of surging sinews.
Dresses Welcome to The Fantasy Girl's dress selection.
Dresses wheel to specifications, using dressing device.
Dresses wheel with dressing device.
All dress is casual and comfortable.
All dress is casual.
All dresses are handmade and in many cases take the women months to complete.
All dresses are hemmed to the bottom of the knee.
All dresses are lined.
All dresses are mid-calf length.
All dresses are original and tagged.
All dresses come with a free matching scrunchie.
All dresses come with hanger and clear bag covering.
All dresses come with matching bloomer.
All dresses have a raised front and back square yoke.
Every dress comes with a warranty and inspection checklist on the box.
Every dress is embroidered by hand, one at a time.
Many dresses feature modest cutouts, unique straps, low-cut backs and mesh.
More dresses reflect the trend toward spaghetti straps or strapless wedding gowns.
Most dresses are available in stock.
Most dresses come with an purse or are accompanied by a fashionable hat.
Some dresses have detachable trains or bustle backs which are convenient for dancing.
Some dresses have only one layer or two of crinolin, others can have seven or eight layers.
Some dresses require certain fabrics to drape correctly and look well.
Dressage arena is outside with sand footing.
Dressage tests are similar to compulsory figures in figure skating.
Dressage assists the rider in improving coordination, seat and natural feel for the horse.
Dressage challenges mental preparation as well as physical prowess.
Dressage encourages the horse to take strong upward steps with bounce.
Dressage involves precision in gait, balance, and collection.
Dressage is all about details.
Dressage is an equestrian sport
Dressage is as much about having fun as serious work.
Dressage is equestrian sports.
Dressage is like a horse's horse version of break dancing.
Dressage is like ballet on horses.
Dressage is never easy.
Dressage is probably the greatest incentive for most.
Dressage is sport that is attracting many new enthusiasts each year.
Dressage is sports.
Dressage requires a lot of spinal movement and strength.
Dressage tests the gaits and obedience of a horse and is graceful and elegant, if extremely subtle.
Dressage tests the submission of the horse to the rider, flexibility, precision and control.
Dressed pints demon shrinks, bread drunk dead drinks.
Dressed stonework is any stone which has been cut to a smooth face.
A dresser is furniture
Dresser deserves to be remembered for many reasons.
Dresser is the first to examine patient advocacy through the lens of research ethics.
Dresser leads the team with eight goals.
Dresser recycles steel and aluminum.
Dresser understands the reason.
Dressers are assistants.
Dressers are available in all woods.
Dressers are boxs.
Dressers are cabinets.
Dressers are films.
Dressers are furniture.
Dressers are located in bedrooms.
Dressers are located in drawers.
Dressers are located in homes.
Dressers are located in houses.
Dressers are part of the closets.
Dressers are people.
Dressers are squares.
Dressers are used for furnishing rooms.
Dressers hang the last of the spring collection on clothes racks.
Dressers help mostly nude models into yellow harem pants and blue-green peplum jackets.
Dressers maintain the costumes and dress the artistes.
Dressers start disappearing.
A dressing room is a room
Dressing room has an attached mirror.
Most dressing rooms have phone hook-ups.
Dressings are above average.
Dressings are conversions.
Dressings are covering.
Dressings are handling.
Dressings are homemade and good.
Dressings are human activities.
Dressings are located in refrigerators.
Dressings are medical care.
Dressings are medical treatments.
Dressings are movings.
Dressings are one of the largest sources of fat when people eat out.
Dressings are optional.
Dressings are predictable but the herbed sour cream is a good bet.
Dressings are sauces.
Dressings are to be secured with plastic tape.
Dressings are well-prepared and tasty, though a bit sweet.
Dressings can be regular, low or non-fat, and used in moderation.
Dressings complete the equation.
Dressings Identify the basic types of salad dressings.
Dressings now have a water base instead of an oil base.
Most dressings are best when made ahead and most are easy to adjust for fat and calorie content.
Most dressings are cosmetic, some are medicated, and others are debatable.
Some dressings are high in carbohydrates and sugar.
A dressmaker is a garment worker
Dressmaker shears For cutting out fabric.
Dressmakers are available.
Dressmakers are books.
Dressmakers are skilled workers.
Dressmakers use a pattern.
Some dressmakers listed online include quotes by previous happy customers.
Dreva design is a one man firm.
Drew faculty are among the nation's most noted scholars and inspiring teachers.
Drew graduates are immensely effective and successful.
Drew hammers are rare.
Drew professors are able to use a variety of different media in their presentations.
Drew students acquire the technological proficiency necessary to succeed in today's business world.
Drew students are also very active in publishing journal articles and presenting conference papers.
Drew students are among the best in the nation.
Drew students are responsible for the behavior of their guests.
Drew students are very much in demand in our local community.
Drew students journey, often with their teachers, to sites throughout the nation and the world.
Drew students participate as organizers and judges.
Drew tree is also a link.
Drexciyan technology solidifies the ocean into hydrocubes.
Dreyfus arguments are very convincing.
Dribble Tag helps develop heads-up dribbling skills and the ability to change direction quickly.
Dribble is saliva
Dribbles usually indicate a bladder infection.
A dribbler is a cager
Dribblers are basketball players.
Dribblers are people.
Dribblers are safe in one of the designated bases.
Dribblers go three at a time.
Dried food is located in backpacks.
Dried food is prepared food.
Dried onions are easy to pack and store when hiking or camping.
Drier air is less likely to condense.
Drier air means more variation.
Drier air means warmer air.
Drier air sucks the water out of a tree with greater force.
Drier bread works and tastes better than bread that is too soft.
Drier environments are less hospitable to successful fungal infections.
Drier forage makes handling bales easier, especially where loader equipment is small.
Drier media encourages root growth, and reduces root rot problems.
Drier rice absorbs water much more than does wet rice, and it also becomes too soft after steaming.
Drier soil is believed to decrease the rate at which plants respire and take in carbon.
Drier versions go well with chicken and pork dishes, as well as spicy foods.
Drift boat fishing on the Middle Fork is an unparalleled experience.
Drift boats allow anglers to cover much more water than they can by just wading.
Drift boats are a familiar sight on Western waters but a newer addition to the Maine landscape.
Drift boats hug the far right, where the channel is deeper.
Drift boats offer a very enjoyable experience that many anglers prefer.
Drift cars have a smaller turning angle than grip cars and tend to powerslide more when cornering.
Drift diving is a popular activity below the falls.
Drift diving is the most common- and a great experience.
Drift diving passes over hard coral on the west side.
Drift diving uses the current for propulsion while the dive boat follows bubbles on the surface.
Drift ice can try to draw near.
Drift ice is ice
Drift ice is rare south of the Arctic Circle.
Drift mines have horizontal entries into the coal seam from a hillside.
Drift net is fishing net
Drift nets are open-ocean nets that are miles long and tens of feet deep.
Drift nets are very wasteful because a large percentage of the catch drops out during hauling.
Drift rates are very sensitive to temperature variations -i.e.
Drift snow occurs during snowfall.
Most drift snow occurs during snowfall.
Drift speed refers to the average distance traveled by a charge carrier per unit of time.
A drift is a force
Drift accumulates against obstacles such as bridge piers that divide the flow at the water surface.
Drift acts more strongly in smaller pops.
Drift also can kill beneficial parasites and predators that are near the target site.
Drift also carries chemical treatments with it.
Drift believes in the freedom to film.
Drift can become a problem with the ester formulation.
Drift can overcome the selection pressure that is preventing movement from one peak to the other.
Drift causes fixation of alleles through the loss of alleles or genotypes.
Drift commonly aggregates into short-lived clumps.
Drift conrols how quickly or slowly the fire animats in the Z axis.
Drift consists of very fine to very coarse rock debris.
Drift constitutes one of the major hazards of pesticide application.
Drift constricts the bridge opening and increases the backwater effect of the bridge.
Drift cubing pilchards and working live baits, down a berley trail is the most productive method.
Drift depends on the wind conditions.
Drift dives of the brown underpants variety.
Drift dives with encounters of big pelagics.
Drift dives, walls, drop-offs, shore dives, caves and wrecks.
Drift dominates diffusion .
Drift increases exponentially with temperature and duration of exposure to elevated temperature.
Drift is a change in an instrument reading over a change in time.
Drift is a consequence of motion between frame dwells.
Drift is a consequence of the random nature of genetic events.
Drift is a function of droplet size.
Drift is a general name for sediment associated with glaciers.
Drift is a general term used to describe the deposits os soil left behind by receding glaciers.
Drift is an adventure game free to the Internet public.
Drift is an indication of how accurate the system clock is over time.
Drift is an ongoing process that conducts to the emergence of new virus strains.
Drift is another one.
Drift is caused by pointing errors.
Drift is important because it is the main source of food for many fish, including trout and salmon.
Drift is important even in large populations.
Drift is just sampling error, it is a statistical phenomenon.
Drift is likely the cause.
Drift is most important in small populations.
Drift is much more important in small populations.
Drift is primarily a function of droplet size and wind.
Drift is principle evolutionary force for neutral genes.
Drift is reduced by the tight coupling of the two halves of the amplifier.
Drift is sufficient to explain the changes in allele freq.
Drift is the default state.
Drift is the movement of spray droplets or even granular pesticides to non-target sites.
Drift is the movement of spray particles from application area to nontreated area.
Drift is the unwanted and unwarrented change in frequency measured over seconds, minutes or hours.
Drift is the youngest and has just recently started training for obedience and working trials.
Drift is thus like a genetic fly paper.
Drift is thus like genetic fly paper .
Drift is very low without feedback and essentially zero after a lock is made.
Drift is when allele frequencies change by random processes.
Drift longlines targeting tunas and swordfish catch every creature that bites one of the hooks.
Drift marries a tired image to tacky techniques, but seems fresh and alive.
Drift minnows, squid, or shiners on the bottom.
Drift occurs because components in the amplifier change over time and with temperature.
Drift occurs during windy conditions.
Drift occurs gradually over many generations.
DrIFT performs import chasing to find the definition of a type.
Drift remaining on the bridge has the potential to promote the growth of an island or bar.
Drift results from spray droplets floating or being driven off-site.
Drift simply is the deviation from probabilistic expectation.
Drift speeds max.
Drift tends to maintain or even increase genetic variation within individual populations.
Drift wastes pesticide and can harm the environment.
Drifts are elongated groupings of a plant that flow through sections of the border.
Drifts are forces.
Drifts are inclination.
Drifts are mass.
Drifts are natural processes.
Drifts are passageways.
Drifts are tenors.
Drifts lie along the gutters like late, pink snow.
Many drifts chest deep and very challenging.
Most drift floats along the thread of the stream.
Most drift is transported at the surface.
Most drift is transported within the channel rather than in the flood plain.
Most drifts exceed ten feet, many are over twenty.
Drifted snow can be very difficult to cut through.
A drifter is a wanderer
Drifters are a hybrid designed specifically for cruising sailors.
Drifters are expendable systems launched from ships or aircraft into specific ocean areas.
Drifters attack with their sampler arms all at a single target.
Drifters has a full line of appetizers.
Drifters provide information on the eddy field statistics and typical velocities.
Drifters resemble bright orange box kites with four small black buoys at each corner.
Driftings are events.
Driftings are floatings.
Driftings are wandering.
Driftwood Canyon is recognized as one of the world's most significant fossil beds.
A driftwood is wood
Driftwood adds a special touch to any home decor that can never be duplicated.
Driftwood aims is to improve the promotional possibilities for independent musicians.
Driftwood also works, but avoid all types of treated lumber.
Driftwood can become the foundation for sand dunes .
Driftwood can become the foundation for sand dunes.
Driftwood hints that land lies to windward, while seaweed indicates an up-current reef.
Driftwood is a short stroll to the beach.
Driftwood is an independent hospitality management company based in West Palm Beach, Florida.
Driftwood is beneficial for soft water fish like bettas.
Driftwood is essential to provide roughage in their diet.
Driftwood is laid to rest as a finishing touch to give that extra nautical feel.
Driftwood is much in evidence, identifiable often by the marine worm-bores.
Driftwood is pieces of wood that are carried to shore by waves.
Driftwood lines the beaches.
Driftwood logs, if they are heavy enough, or partially buried in sand and gravel, also work well.
Driftwood makes an excellent basking medium, and anoles are no exception.
Driftwood makes for a great-looking instrument.
DriftWood promotes and sells CDs by independent bands and musicians.
Driftwood stretches for several kilometers along the shores of West Advocate.
Driftwood varies from fountain to fountain.
Driftwood wraps around a lagoon.
Driftwoods are located in beachs.
Driftwoods are located in oceans.
Driftwoods are located in sea.
Driftwoods are wood.
A drill bit is a bit
Drill bits are located in cabinets.
Drill bits are much easier and safer to use than old-fashioned spearpoint steel drills.
Drill bits are premium quality U.S.A. made.
Drill bits are the cutting tools of drilling machines .
Drill bits are tools.
Drill bits can get stuck, break, or wear down under the tremendous strain of drilling for oil.
Drill bits can now twist, turn and burrow horizontally.
Every drill bit is accounted for, and no hits are wasted.
Drill cuttings collected at closely spaced intervals provide a record of the strata penetrated.
Drill cuttings disposal into a producing sandstone.
Drill cuttings form a potential hazard on the sea floor.
Drill downs relate detailed information to summary in a three dimensional view.
A drill hole is excavation
All drill holes are vertical.
A drill instructor is a noncom
Drill instructors are an example and a mentor to the recruits while they are in training.
Drill instructors are sadistic.
Drill monkeys are known for being shy, but they have great smiles.
Drill monkeys share a colorful feature with their cousin the mandrill.
Drill sergeants talk, just like girls talk.
Drill ships are clearly marine vessels, so engines installed in drill ships are marine engines.
Drill team is a close group of girls that get together every morning bright and early to dance.
A drill is a training
Drill drills various metals, woods, and plastics.
Drill holes a couple of cm from the ends and countersink a bit, then saw a slot up to the holes.
Drill holes all the way through both branches at the four corners.
Drill holes all the way through both pieces of wood at the corners.
Drill instills discipline, teamwork, and esprit de corps.
Drill is boring but rewarding.
Drill IS boring.
Drill is considered by some cadets as being a necessary evil, but others greatly enjoy it.
Drill is essential iii.
Drill is essential in transferring learning from short term to long term memory.
Drill is held by split shank and set screw.
Drill is mandatory.
Drill is poor.
Drill is possible with the language laboratory.
Drill is tough.
Drill mast install stone columns.
Drill stops too much.
Drills allow more precise control over the amount and depth the seeds are planted.
Drills also break more often and plating becomes more difficult.
Drills also serve to build problem-solving skills.
Drills are a rapid, reflexive response executed by a small unit.
Drills are active during the day.
Drills are also available with variable clutch settings .
Drills are also important.
Drills are an important, serious exercise.
Drills are augers.
Drills are available as either no-till interseeders or as planters for prepared seedbeds.
Drills are baboons.
Drills are common in public schools.
Drills are dark brown with a black face, white tufted beard and scarlet lower lip.
Drills are designed by age level, so children can have a successful learning experience.
Drills are devices.
Drills are diurnal, so they are most active during the day.
Drills are especially delightful.
Drills are fun, challenging, and numerous, each with three skill levels.
Drills are inappropriate training content for serious or highly-trained athletes.
Drills are located in basements.
Drills are located in cabinets.
Drills are located in garages.
Drills are located in repair shops.
Drills are located in toolboxs.
Drills are mammals.
Drills are noisy, regularly grunting and screaming.
Drills are non-competitive and designed to acclimateplayers to court and climate conditions.
Drills are practice sessions to improve stroke production.
Drills are premium quality U.S.A. made and best quality import brand.
Drills are primarily terrestrial and monas are mainly arboreal.
Drills are simple and focussed, and some very innovative.
Drills are so important.
Drills are the foundation for improving in any sport, and canoeing is no exception.
Drills are the largest of the monkeys, and sadly, they are also endangered.
Drills are the primary method to reinforce strategies and tactics.
Drills are to be run at game tempo or faster in the later part of the season.
Drills are tools.
Drills are training.
Drills are twice a week.
Drills are used for bores.
Drills are used for cuts.
Drills are used for drilling.
Drills are used for holes.
Drills are used for whistles.
Drills are usually repetitive and are used as a reinforcement tool.
Drills avoid open country away from the shelter of the forests.
Drills Be able to command a contingent of scouts on both stationary and mobile drills.
Drills breed year round.
Drills communicate through a complex set of social signals.
Drills contain no knowledge.
Drills create the most direct mind-muscle connection.
Drills enable participants to work out kinks in the procedures.
Drills encompass both skills and mobility and vary from week to week.
Drills exist, to drill apart rock, or rotary hammer.
Drills exist, to drill apart rock.
Drills focus on movement to the ball, balance, preparation, contact point, follow through.
Drills help teams learn to brainstorm for ideas and think quickly. .
Drills help teams learn to brainstorm for ideas and think quickly.
Drills help whittle away the time between sessions.
Drills immediately follow any rule or principle.
Drills live in harem groups.
Drills normally take on the form of games.
Drills pass through aluminum very quickly and can cause expensive problems.
Drills perform chipfree output due to new technique followed in the production.
Drills pop through the floor and the sharpened points pinion the hysterical guy to the floor.
Drills provide supervised, hands-on training for members of emergency response organizations.
Drills range from easy to advanced, and include tests.
Drills rely on visual and vocal communication, while mandrills also use scent marking.
Drills spend a lot of time on the ground looking for food, however, they are excellent climbers.
Drills use many facial expressions to communicate with each other.
Drills utter a sharp alarm bark and grunt while foraging.
Drills vary in size and intensity.
Drills frequently change depth as the soil changes from dry to moist or from clay to loam.
All drills are downloadable and come with verbal description and illustrations.
All drills assume same-handed fencers.
All drills demonstrate the appropriate blend of accuracy, speed and power.
All drills require center water feed.
Any drill walk is deadly to any kind of tapping.
Every drill ends with a rebound.
Every drill hurt.
Every drill is approached with the attitude that there is an actual fire.
Many drill presses today come equipped with a light.
Many drills are compatible with sanders, grinders and other power tools.
Many drills have weight brackets to add cast-iron weights when needed.
Most drills are stock items.
Most drills go faster than game situations.
Most drills used in the more humid eastern United States have double-disk openers.
Some drill techniques use gases.
Some drills are too heavy to operate well in tilled soil.
Some drills display five different sounds followed by four different tones of that sound in rows.
Some drills display four different sounds followed by four example words in columns.
Some drills even improve hand-eye coordination.
Some drills have keys that are necessary to change bits.
Some drills take place at night to better prepare for a crisis that continues after school hours.
Drilling bits are bits.
Drilling machines pulverize the rock and pull it up to clear the way for the new well.
A drilling rig is a rig
Drilling rigs are powered mechanically by rotating the drill pipe from above.
Drilling rigs put boreholes down, made a loud stamping sound.
Most drilling rigs chew up the rock into rock chips, which come up with the mud.
Drilling ships are considered marine vessels, so their engines are subject to the marine rule.
Drink alcohol increases effects.
Drink behavior creates conditions.
Drink behavior creates dangerous conditions.
Drink enough water helps constipation.
Drink glass has tendencies.
Most drink glass has tendencies.
Drink juice helps intake.
Drink water contains toxins.
Drink water creates conditions.
Drink water has benefits.
Drink water has enormous benefits.
Drink water has enormous health benefits.
Drink water has health benefits.
Drink water helps constipation.
Most drink water creates conditions.
Most drink water has benefits.
Most drink water has enormous benefits.
Most drink water has enormous health benefits.
Most drink water has health benefits.
Most drink water helps constipation.
Some drink water adds glass.
Some drink water comes from lakes.
Some drink water helps snacks.
Some drink water produces results.
A drink is serving
Drink isa helping.
Drink isa serving.
Drinks  chokes.
Drinks  dies.
Drinks are a bit on the pricey side, but well worth it for the atmosphere.
Drinks are a bit overpriced, but that is a commonality for all casino bars or restaurants.
Drinks are a bit overpriced, but then again there s gambling just a few feet away.
Drinks are a bit pricey but there is no cover charge.
Drinks are a bit pricey, but there's no cover charge.
Drinks are a huge highlight of the place.
Drinks are a little more expensive.
Drinks are acceptable.
Drinks are additional.
Drinks are all at pub prices.
Drinks are also available on the course from a beverage cart.
Drinks are also good.
Drinks are always cheap, with pro drinkers in mind.
Drinks are aplenty and the atmosphere is much like that of a carnival.
Drinks are at international prices.
Drinks are at pub prices and coffee is perfect.
Drinks are available all day.
Drinks are available and moderately priced.
Drinks are available at all times and are part of the all-inclusive rate.
Drinks are available at the adjacent bar.
Drinks are available at the bar.
Drinks are available before the talks and a cookout follows.
Drinks are available during bar opening hours only.
Drinks are available for purchase on board at a reasonable cost.
Drinks are available for purchase.
Drinks are available for sale.
Drinks are available for the passengers and prices are quite reasonable.
Drinks are available from the crew's bar at reasonable prices.
Drinks are available hot or iced.
Drinks are available in the reception area.
Drinks are available on board against a small fee.
Drinks are available through a cash bar.
Drinks are available throughout the day and a light lunch is provided.
Drinks are available, and dancing and revelry always break out.
Drinks are available.
Drinks are big and strong.
Drinks are bodies of water.
Drinks are cheap with an extensive food menu to choose from.
Drinks are cheap, service is appropriately curt.
Drinks are cheap.
Drinks are cheaper than usual.
Drinks are cheaper, it seems, then they are in Manhattan.
Drinks are cold, the food's hot and the service prompt.
Drinks are complimentary for all guests.
Drinks are easy to tamper with.
Drinks are expensive and effective.
Drinks are expensive, but quality has never come cheap.
Drinks are expensive, but the atmosphere's unparalleled.
Drinks are expensive, but there s no cover.
Drinks are expensive.
Drinks are extra and can brought at the ship's bar.
Drinks are extra as are tours off the ship.
Drinks are extra, available at the boat's bar.
Drinks are extra.
Drinks are fine while riding.
Drinks are fine.
Drinks are fluid.
Drinks are Free for all players at the game tables and slots.
Drinks are free for members only.
Drinks are free, the service excellent and courteous.
Drinks are freely available in-flight.
Drinks are generous.
Drinks are good but pricey.
Drinks are half price.
Drinks are harmful to our light gray carpet, to the computers and books.
Drinks are hefty in price and skimpy in size.
Drinks are helpings.
Drinks are intemperance.
Drinks are large snce they are served up in mason jars.
Drinks are liberal and the food is great.
Drinks are liberal.
Drinks are limited to sodas, iced tea, a glass of merlot or chardonnay, and beer.
Drinks are limited to study tables and carrels only.
Drinks are limited to water only.
Drinks are liquids.
Drinks are located in backpacks.
Drinks are located in bars.
Drinks are located in bottles.
Drinks are located in cabinets.
Drinks are located in cans.
Drinks are located in cups.
Drinks are located in dinner.
Drinks are located in refrigerators.
Drinks are located in shows.
Drinks are more complicated.
Drinks are motivated by the goal of refreshment.
Drinks are motivated by the goal of vomit.
Drinks are okay.
Drinks are on a self-help honour basis.
Drinks are on Ducky.
Drinks are on the house.
Drinks are on the lobbyists.
Drinks are optional.
Drinks are part of meals.
Drinks are pretty standard.
Drinks are pricey but the patio is great at night or even the day.
Drinks are primary a wide variety of beers, but also wine and champagne.
Drinks are rather expensive so it's worth getting fuelled up in advance.
Drinks are real cheap, the air conditioning is frigid.
Drinks are slightly more expensive, however the d cor and standard of service are worth it.
Drinks are sloppy and bartenders try too hard to impress.
Drinks are strong.
Drinks are the most important and food can wait until their appetite returns.
Drinks are their main revenue generator.
Drinks are unlimited.
Drinks are used for drinking.
Drinks are varied and free, provided by the management.
Drinks are very important to wash it all down.
Drinks are weak, cheap, nasty.
Drinks are well-made, and the wine list is fine, but getting a server's attention can be difficult.
Drinks are, of course, often part of the package.
Drinks arrive immediately, the first course soon after.
Drinks can cause serious problems as well.
Drinks can include homemade nutmilks, soymilk, rice milk or juice in a thermos.
Drinks can neither be too strong nor too weak.
Drinks can range from bottled water, fruit juices to sports drinks.
Drinks can spill or leave rings, cigarettes can burn.
Drinks cause intoxications.
Drinks chill the stomach.
Drinks come in collectible cups, either glass or plastic.
Drinks come in thick, irregular blue-rimmed glasses.
Drinks come in various sizes, such as short, tall, grande and gold cup.
Drinks contain carbohydrates.
Drinks contain electrolytes.
Drinks contain water.
Drinks containing alcohol and caffeine can also lead to reflux laryngitis.
Drinks containing caffeine or alcohol promote loss of body fluids.
Drinks containing large Can cause severe toxicity.
Drinks continue to take the largest share of pub sales but sales of alcoholic drinks are in decline.
Drinks end with swallows.
Drinks float in droplets through the air.
Drinks flow very slowly through a teat and drinking can take a long time.
Drinks get expensive.
Drinks get more expensive when there's a live band.
Drinks here are a bit expensive.
Drinks here are cheap and the atmosphere is relaxed and entertaining.
Drinks here are self-serve, out of a fridge.
Drinks here are worthy of first mention.
Drinks made from tap water or with tap water ice are unsafe.
Drinks made with beer, that is.
Drinks Pack a beverage that is nutrient dense.
Drinks provided - please bring own lunch.
Drinks range from plain filtered water to hot hibiscus tea.
Drinks range from soda fountain specialties to gourmet coffee.
Drinks range in difficulty from the no-brainer vodka shot or beer to the Alabama Slammer.
Drinks range in difficulty from the no-brainer vodka shot, to the Alabama Slammer.
Drinks seem to be included in the price.
Drinks seem to have pride of place.
Drinks seem to vary across the complex.
Drinks start at two bucks and go up from there.
Drinks start with swallows.
Drinks stay cold longer in a copper mule mug.
Drinks stay cool for hours and hours.
Drinks too are expensive.
Drinks vary in their resistance to the buffering effect of saliva.
Drinks Warm up or enjoy after dinner.
All drinks are a quarter.
All drinks are cumulative.
All drinks are doubles, too.
All drinks are mainly water.
All drinks are non-alcoholic.
All drinks come nicely dressed and super-sized.
All drinks containing alcohol can hurt an unborn baby.
Any drink involving champagne is way too fancy.
Every drink is accounted for accurately.
More drink is served.
Most drinks add calories rather than displace calories.
Most drinks call for one teaspoon of sugar, and every batch of simple sugar is different.
Most drinks contain carbohydrates.
Most drinks contain electrolytes.
Most drinks contain water.
Most drinks require the addition of non-alcoholic liquid ingredients known as mixers.
Some drinks are dangerous.
Some drinks can cause vomiting when given along with solid foods.
Some drinks contain acid.
Some drinks contain as little as two or three tablespoons of fruit juice per bottle.
Some drinks contain caffeine.
Some drinks contain fructose.
Some drinks contain more alcohol than others.
Some drinks contain proteins.
Some drinks contain soy proteins.
Some drinks have bottles.
Drinkable water becomes more valuable every year.
Drinkable water is delivered mostly by donkey.
Drinkable water is fresh water.
Drinkable water is of utmost importance.
Drinkable water is scarce.
Drinkable water is suitable for top off.
A drinker is a consumer
Drinkers are bad company.
Drinkers are completely self cleaning.
Drinkers are consumers.
Drinkers are generally more likely to smoke than non-drinkers.
Drinkers are no longer content with the institutional blend found in the supermarket.
Drinkers are reptiles.
Drinkers are sinkers.
Drinkers can also use their drivers licence or passport to proove their age.
Drinkers can die from fatal overdoses of alcohol through depression of breathing.
Drinkers can have a problem of low impulse control.
Drinkers can order up unlimited arrays of specialty blends.
Drinkers compensate by driving with increased caution.
Drinkers consistently underestimate how much they've had to drink and how intoxicated they are.
Drinkers face increased risk of mutated gene.
Drinkers have their favorite vodkas, and for different reasons.
Drinkers just blow into the sensor.
Drinkers like to come because the cocktails are made right . . .
Drinkers seem to get cancer more frequently than non-drinkers.
Drinkers often perceive alcohol to be stimulating.
All drinkers are drug users.
All drinkers have a private home whereby good sober teaching can be put forth.
Many drinkers are such because they are unable to regiment their activities.
Many drinkers develop a tremor or shaking.
Most drinkers never have a blackout.
Most drinkers plan to drink moderately.
Most drinkers plan to drink.
Most drinkers stop far short of a pint of whiskey or six-pack of beer every day.
Most drinkers suffer from terrible heartburn afterward.
Some drinkers are susceptible to alcohol dependence from the first drink.
Some drinkers can appear to be in control but they have seriously impaired their driving abilities.
Some drinkers develop physical tolerance to alcohol.
Some drinkers find that it takes several attempts to make changes permanent.
Some drinkers prefer the taste when the beers have been stored for several years .
Some drinkers prefer the taste when the beers have been stored for several years.
Drinking chocolate has sugar and natural flavourings added.
Drinking chocolate is a drink
Drinking chocolate is actually cocoa powder.
A drinking fountain is a fountain
Drinking fountains are across the halls from the restrooms.
Drinking fountains are available during the summer months.
Drinking fountains are available in the summer.
Drinking fountains are available in the upper and lower lobbies.
Drinking fountains are by the restrooms in the parking lots.
Drinking fountains are everywhere in cities and creeks and springs abound in the country.
Drinking fountains are fountains.
Drinking fountains are located in rest areas.
Drinking fountains are on all floors.
Drinking fountains have cup dispensers installed in each area for persons with disabilities.
Drinking games are especially dangerous as they can easily lead to overdoses.
Drinking games are evil.
Drinking games are very popular on campus.
Drinking games can employ dice, cards, board games and sports.
Drinking games encourage the excessive consumption of alcohol in a short period of time.
Drinking problems are rare and practically nonexistent among women.
Drinking problems load health centre hospitals in Finland.
Drinking problems start small, then escalate.
A drinking song is a song
Drinking songs tend to be rollicking, jolly justifications of drinking.
Drinking water assists the body in the cleansing process.
Drinking water can account for a substantial proportion of a person's total nitrate intake.
Drinking water can account for a substantial proportion of the total nitrate intake.
Drinking water can also aid in weight loss and helps reduce cravings.
Drinking water can also be a source of lead.
Drinking water can be a significant route of exposure to pathogens and pollutant chemicals.
Drinking water can be more important than fuel in the desert.
Drinking water can become an expensive necessity since the water on the island is undrinkable.
Drinking water can begin causing cancer, brain damage, and even death in infants.
Drinking water can come from several places, including rivers, lakes or underground.
Drinking water can contain harmful chemicals.
Drinking water can contain lead, especially if the plumbing contains lead solder.
Drinking water can help to offset some of the symptoms of altitude sickness.
Drinking water can serve to dissipate the lactic acid more quickly.
Drinking water can ward off constipation and maybe even crankiness.
Drinking water causes fatal bloating.
Drinking water comes from a cement storage tank.
Drinking water comes from a desalinization plant.
Drinking water comes from a variety of sources and quality.
Drinking water comes from a well beneath the kitchen table.
Drinking water comes from an uphill well and the family swims and bathes in a nearby stream.
Drinking water comes from both surface water and ground water.
Drinking water comes from deep in the ground.
Drinking water comes from filtering creek water or melting snow.
Drinking water comes from freshwater lakes, streams, and underground aquifers.
Drinking water comes from groundwater sources or from area rivers that have been dammed.
Drinking water comes from municipal water systems, wells, or springs.
Drinking water comes from surface water and ground water.
Drinking water comes in bottles.
Drinking water containing radon presents a risk of developing cancer.
Drinking water contaminated with sewage is another way to catch it.
Drinking water contaminated with sewage is the most common route of transmission.
Drinking water does the same thing.
Drinking water has no effect.
Drinking water has to be trucked in.
Drinking water helps curb appetite, which of course has innumerable benefits.
Drinking water helps prevent gallstone formation.
Drinking water helps reduce inflammation in the mouth by producing more saliva.
Drinking water is a complex business.
Drinking water is a constant problem.
Drinking water is a drink
Drinking water is a luxury.
Drinking water is a manufactured product.
Drinking water is a provincial mandate, with the federal government only providing guidance.
Drinking water is also a concern of the town of Manchester.
Drinking water is also a hoot, though getting tiresome to clean up.
Drinking water is also at risk from contamination by human waste.
Drinking water is also available at the station.
Drinking water is also available in most campgrounds.
Drinking water is also hard to come by.
Drinking water is also homogeneous.
Drinking water is always available from the vehicle.
Drinking water is an acute problem.
Drinking water is an excellent vehicle for delivering fluoride.
Drinking water is an important and potentially controllable source of arsenic exposure.
Drinking water is an important part of staying healthy, especially when it's hot outside.
Drinking water is an inexpensive, easy way for people to reduce their cancer risk.
Drinking water is another name for bottled water.
Drinking water is another potential source of lead exposure.
Drinking water is as remote as the nearest city.
Drinking water is available all along the trail.
Drinking water is available and there is a pit toilet.
Drinking water is available at all picnic areas, campgrounds, and visitor centers.
Drinking water is available at both lakes.
Drinking water is available at both sites.
Drinking water is available at camp sites on the lake, but carry a good supply for the journey.
Drinking water is available at hydrants and fountains conveniently located throughout the park.
Drinking water is available at most campgrounds.
Drinking water is available at park locations along with restrooms.
Drinking water is available at some campgrounds.
Drinking water is available at the area headquarters.
Drinking water is available at the barn.
Drinking water is available at the contact station year-round.
Drinking water is available at the contact station, campground and picnic area.
Drinking water is available at the dock.
Drinking water is available at the Elk Creek picnic area.
Drinking water is available at the headquarters entrance.
Drinking water is available at the hut.
Drinking water is available at the park camping shelter nearby.
Drinking water is available at the park office.
Drinking water is available at the park when it's open from Memorial Day to Labor Day.
Drinking water is available at the South Eden campground.
Drinking water is available at the trailhead during the summer.
Drinking water is available at the Zealand Recreation Area.
Drinking water is available for the season in the campground and day-use areas.
Drinking water is available from a water fountain at the campgrounds entrance.
Drinking water is available from an adjacent stopcock and drinking vessels are available in the hut.
Drinking water is available from any of the water taps or service centres in the park.
Drinking water is available from springs to the west of the trail in the lower part of the bowl.
Drinking water is available from water taps throughout the Cyprus Lake campgrounds.
Drinking water is available in campground and day-use areas.
Drinking water is available in day-use and campground areas.
Drinking water is available in major cities and purified water can be obtained everywhere.
Drinking water is available in most campgrounds.
Drinking water is available in the bathhouse by the lake pavilion.
Drinking water is available in the park day use areas and campground.
Drinking water is available in the park.
Drinking water is available in the refrigerator in the kitchen.
Drinking water is available near each site.
Drinking water is available nearby.
Drinking water is available now in the park and available year-round in the visitor center.
Drinking water is available now throughout the park.
Drinking water is available on site.
Drinking water is available only at visitor centers.
Drinking water is available throughout the campground and two modern washhouses are located nearby.
Drinking water is available throughout the complex.
Drinking water is available throughout the facility.
Drinking water is available throughout the park.
Drinking water is available throughout the trip.
Drinking water is available until freezing from a water tap near the warden s residence.
Drinking water is available year-round at the park headquarters office.
Drinking water is available year-round at the park office and the interpretive center.
Drinking water is available year-round at the park office and the trail center.
Drinking water is available year-round at the park office, northeast corner of the building.
Drinking water is available year-round at the park office.
Drinking water is available year-round by the park office.
Drinking water is available.
Drinking water is beverages.
Drinking water is both ample and safe.
Drinking water is considered pure.
Drinking water is conveyed over long distances by pipelines.
Drinking water is delivered to city hospitals in special tankers.
Drinking water is distilled from sea water and consequently is safe.
Drinking water is distributed through a series of pumps and pumping stations.
Drinking water is drawn from deep bore-wells and is fresh and potable.
Drinking water is drawn from the aquifer.
Drinking water is drinkable water.
Drinking water is especially scarce and epidemics are feared with the coming summer.
Drinking water is essential to losing weight.
Drinking water is essential to maintaining a healthy lifestyle.
Drinking water is essential to weight loss.
Drinking water is essential.
Drinking water is filtered and plentiful.
Drinking water is filtered and pure.
Drinking water is from a mountain spring and is safe.
Drinking water is from a natural spring down in the hollow.
Drinking water is good.
Drinking water is hauled from the river.
Drinking water is important in weight loss.
Drinking water is limited.
Drinking water is liquids.
Drinking water is located in containers.
Drinking water is located in water fountains.
Drinking water is made of ice, melting it.
Drinking water is mixture.
Drinking water is more secure in cities than in villages.
Drinking water is non-existent for the most part.
Drinking water is non-treated, from a pure mountain spring.
Drinking water is obtained from large rainwater tanks at the amenity blocks.
Drinking water is obtained from municipal water systems, wells or springs.
Drinking water is obtained from the river, and is considered to be safe.
Drinking water is of a very high quality.
Drinking water is off for the season.
Drinking water is okay, but no juices.
Drinking water is okay.
Drinking water is one of the uses that can be designated.
Drinking water is one of the uses that can be protected.
Drinking water is one source.
Drinking water is only available while the campground is open.
Drinking water is only one source of exposure to cryptosporidiosis.
Drinking water is perfectly safe from the tap, but bottled, purified and mineral water is available.
Drinking water is piped long distances to many settlements.
Drinking water is piped throughout the camping area.
Drinking water is piped throughout the woods.
Drinking water is plentiful and readily available.
Drinking water is pre-boiled from the Zambezi River.
Drinking water is produced, treated and distributed, and there is a local manufacturer of batteries.
Drinking water is provided by faucet and drinking fountain.
Drinking water is provided in each of the guest rooms.
Drinking water is provided in the summer months.
Drinking water is provided the first day.
Drinking water is provided through a direct-delivery system from the municipality of La Romaine.
Drinking water is provided through a direct-delivery system including water treatment facilities.
Drinking water is provided through a direct-delivery system.
Drinking water is purified and clarified by filtering through minerals.
Drinking water is purified, and special diets can be easily accommodated.
Drinking water is readily available at all times.
Drinking water is really quite a small share.
Drinking water is safe and hot water is available for bathing.
Drinking water is safe and pure.
Drinking water is safe in all cities, resorts and urban areas.
Drinking water is safe in most towns and villages.
Drinking water is safest when it's separated by the longest space possible from a septic system.
Drinking water is scarce and there are no shades for the people working under scorching sun.
Drinking water is scarce as the main stream is a sewer.
Drinking water is scarce, but there are plenty of dogs here in Missouri.
Drinking water is scarce, so pollution has to be prevented.
Drinking water is scarce.
Drinking water is something else entirely.
Drinking water is state tested and approved.
Drinking water is supplied from an intake several miles from the mouth in Lake Superior.
Drinking water is supplied from both surface water and ground water.
Drinking water is supplied mainly from underground water from the Luxembourg sandstone.
Drinking water is supplied.
Drinking water is taken from a neighbor while water for household use is taken from the well nearby.
Drinking water is tested and approved monthly.
Drinking water is tested by law so that no health risks are posed to the general population.
Drinking water is tested from municipal systems and private wells.
Drinking water is the best treatment for fluid retention.
Drinking water is the key to the marathon as it is to the training.
Drinking water is the main problem in several districts.
Drinking water is the other main residential use.
Drinking water is the same as purified water.
Drinking water is the usual source of fluoride.
Drinking water is treated to make sure it is safe.
Drinking water is treated town water, another unheard-of luxury for an archaeological project.
Drinking water is used to operate the fountain that was shut off.
Drinking water is usually from a public water supply.
Drinking water is very important in the digestive process.
Drinking water is very important to moth survival and reproduction.
Drinking water is very important to the subscribers.
Drinking water is very important.
Drinking water is water that has probably been drawn from a municipal system.
Drinking water is water
Drinking water is water.
Drinking water passes through a double- filtration system.
Drinking water puts less strain on the skin organ to flush out toxins.
Drinking water remains available year-round in the visitor center.
Drinking water represents one possible means of lead exposure.
Drinking water turns to ice.
Drinking water washes out the bad.
Drinking waters are available for dyspepsia, anemia, as a laxative, digestive and tonic.
All drinking water begins in a watershed.
All drinking water contains some naturally-occurring contaminants.
All drinking water contains various amounts and kinds of contaminants.
All drinking water is provided by bottled water, which is widely available throughout the plant.
All drinking water is subject to some quantity of contaminants.
Most drinking water comes from groundwater.
Most drinking water comes from wells, which are extremely stressed.
Most drinking water is provided from hand-pumped wells.
Most drinking water is purified by a combination of filtration and chlorination.
Most drinking water is town water.
Some drinking water can contain lead in undesirable amounts.
Drinking  chokes.
Drinking  choking.
Drinking  smoke.
Drinking are conducting.
Drinking are consumption.
Drinking are used for enjoyment.
Drinking are used for hydration.
Drinking are used for intoxications.
Drinking are used for pleasure.
Drinking are used for taste.
Drinking cause hangovers.
Drinking cause headaches.
Drinking cause hydration.
Drinking cause loss of control.
Drinking cause sickness.
Drinking cause stupidity.
Drinking cause swallows.
Drinking cause vomiting.
Drione dust is pyrethrum and silica gel.
Drip acclimation is the best method.
Drip coffee contains less tannin and more caffeol than other coffee.
Drip coffee is coffee
Drip coffee is coffee.
Drip coffee is even more potent.
Drip coffee is the most common brewing method.
Drip gasoline is untreated, unrefined, directly from the ground product.
Drip irrigation boosts yields.
Drip irrigation can also lessen the incidence of crown, leaf, stem, and fruit diseases.
Drip irrigation can be a great aid to the efficient use of water.
Drip irrigation can be helpful if water is scarce or expensive.
Drip irrigation can efficiently deliver water and keep foliage dry.
Drip irrigation comes in two forms.
Drip irrigation delivers water directly to the roots, minimizing evaporation loss.
Drip irrigation delivers water slowly and evenly over a large area.
Drip irrigation delivers water to plants in an economical and efficient manner.
Drip irrigation grows crops with higher yields using less water.
Drip irrigation grows crops with higher yields using much less water.
Drip irrigation handles the watering and fertilizing.
Drip irrigation is a big commitment, both in terms of money and time.
Drip irrigation is a high maintenance method of applying water.
Drip irrigation is a low flow point source watering system.
Drip irrigation is a standard practice in Hawaii.
Drip irrigation is acceptable.
Drip irrigation is adequate and more cost effective than other systems.
Drip irrigation is also an excellent way to supply water.
Drip irrigation is an option for watermelons grown on plastic.
Drip irrigation is best to water slowly, thoroughly, and deeply without wetting foliage.
Drip irrigation is better for melons than overhead sprinkling.
Drip irrigation is better for watering roses than sprinklers.
Drip irrigation is better than spraying leaves.
Drip irrigation is better than sprinkler irrigation, which wets foliage and fruit and increases rot.
Drip irrigation is designed to get water slowly and directly to the roots of plants.
Drip irrigation is economical and satisfactory.
Drip irrigation is effective in most soils.
Drip irrigation is ideal for flowers, vegetables and individual plantings.
Drip irrigation is in place.
Drip irrigation is inexpensive, easy to install, and extremely efficient.
Drip irrigation is more efficient than flood irrigation and is especially suited for hot climates.
Drip irrigation is one of the newer methods of irrigation.
Drip irrigation is one technique.
Drip irrigation is plastic tubing that drips water around the base of the plants.
Drip irrigation is possibly the best.
Drip irrigation is provided to maximize growth.
Drip irrigation is recommended to keep humidities in the crop canopy as low as possible.
Drip irrigation is regarded more efficient as less water evaporated as in spray irrigation.
Drip irrigation is suitable for a wide range of soils and topography.
Drip irrigation is suitable for young trees.
Drip irrigation is the best way to go, too.
Drip irrigation is the controlled application of water at a very low flow over a prolonged period.
Drip irrigation is the latest innovation in irrigation systems.
Drip irrigation is the most efficient irrigation technology available.
Drip irrigation is the preferred method.
Drip irrigation is the preferred system.
Drip irrigation is used only sparingly to augment natural rainfall.
Drip irrigation minimizes run-off and evaporation.
Drip irrigation prevents foliage from getting wet at all when watering.
Drip irrigation prevents the foliage from getting wet.
Drip irrigation provides each plant with near-optimal soil moisture.
Drip irrigation provides more efficient water use than overhead sprinklers.
Drip irrigation reduces soil transport due to splashing.
Drip irrigation requires high maintenance and good filtration to reduce clogging problems.
Drip irrigation sends water straight to a plant's roots with virtually no loss to evaporation.
Drip irrigation utilizes water efficiently and can be utilized to fertilize, as well.
Drip leaks are nice.
Drip loss is a particular problem in pale, soft and exudative pork.
Drip marketing allows marketers to control the generation of sales leads.
A drip pan is a pan
Drip pan has sharp edges.
Drip pans are pans.
Drip pans are part of refrigerators.
Drip pans are readily available and inexpensive.
Drip pans become reservoirs for bacteria and mold.
Drip pans keep lower storage areas and cargo clean.
Drip plants are flowers and other ornamental plants.
Drip system is the same as used by professional baristas.
Drip systems are easy to install and require less water than sprinkler or furrow irrigation.
Drip systems are flexible.
Drip systems are generally in the same price range.
Drip systems are gentle on seedlings, too.
Drip systems are simple, inexpensive and easy to install and maintain.
Drip systems are the answer.
Drip systems are the most common form of chameleon watering system.
Drip systems require periodic maintenance.
Drip tape has to be managed to avoid leaking or plugging.
Drip tips facilitate drainage of precipitation off the leaf to promote transpiration.
A drip is sound
Drip delivers water more slowly, directly to the root zone which is why it has longer run times.
Drip offers water savings, higher harvests and less tillage.
Drip refers to drippers, spray to cyclic spraying and tunnel to tunnel ventilation.
DRIPs allow investors to build a portfolio of stocks.
DRIPs allow shareholders to accumulate shares over the long term using dollar-cost averaging.
Drips are a great way to invest money at regular intervals.
DRIPs are a simple way to get started.
Drips are flow.
Drips are plans.
Drips are projections.
Drips are schedules.
Drips are sometimes with the antifungal chemicals used for eggs.
Drips are sound.
DRIPs can also help companies to raise additional capital without making a public offering.
DRIPs create a win-win situation.
DRIPs differ between companies.
Drips echo their hollow keeping hearts free from mold.
DRIPs have several advantages for youngsters.
DRIPs provide a low-cost way to steadily increase the portfolio value in a particular stock.
Drips run down the piece with randomly spaced, textured spots scattered about the space.
Many DRIPs allow investors to make regular investments via automatic debit of a bank account.
Most DRIPs allow investors to sell stock directly from the plans.
Most DRIPs offer safekeeping services.
Some DRIPs make it easy to give stock as gifts.
Dripping equipment can be a chilling experience to a sun bather.
Dripping pans are pans.
Dripping water hollows a stone.
Dripping wax can also burn paws.
Drippings are flow.
Drippings make excellent gravy.
Drips irrigation becomes more important.
A dripstone is a projection
Dripstone takes various forms, including stalactites, helictites, curtains, ribbons and stalagmites.
Drivable Walks are similar to, but less formal and less highly-developed than, concourses.
Drivable Walks are subordinate pedestrian axes of movement.
Drive axle is aft.
Drive axle is forward.
Drive axles are custom, sadly enough.
All drive bays are full, and only two PCI slots are available.
Drive belts last a long time, but they do wear out.
All drive belts are steel-reinforced for maximum stiffness and reliability.
Any drive belt can fail and the other two in the set are capable of handling the load.
Drive forces affect components.
Drive forces increase pressure.
Drive forces move air.
Drive forces move combustion air.
Drive forces move flue gases.
Drive forces move gases.
Most drive forces affect components.
Most drive forces move air.
Most drive forces move combustion air.
Most drive forces move flue gases.
Most drive forces move gases.
Some drive forces act on channels.
Some drive forces lead to character displacement.
Some drive forces lead to displacement.
Drive ins live on.
Drive mappings are a part of the login script and is automated for each user.
Drive mappings are consistent across all networks.
Drive mappings are temporary.
Drive shafts are usually the primary component to fail due to excessive overhung loads.
Drive sprockets are two-piece units making maintenance and repair quick and simple.
Drive sprockets replace the Land Rover's normal road wheels.
Drive tests are a good example.
Drive time includes round trip distance.
Drive time is a better indicator rather than actual miles.
Drive time is all the time.
Drive time is approx.
Drive time is approximately one hour each way.
Drive time is approximately one hour.
Drive time is drive time, prep time is prep time, and time is money.
Drive time is just under two hours.
Drive time is only part of the commute.
Drive times are helpful when creating a map of a trading area.
Drive times are primarily music with short 'lifestyle' programs.
Drive times are the most common news times.
All drive times are approximate.
All drive times shown are for motorcoach carriers.
Drive wheels have rubber treads for a better grip.
A drive is an actuation
Drive allows adjustments for road conditions, weather, time of day, and vehicle type.
Drive appears dead, but spindle motor runs continuously.
Drive arrays can report when a disk has failed and needs to be replaced.
Drive born of passion in matters of public policy is a positive attribute of good citizenship.
Drive burns fine.
Drive comes in a retail package at an awesome price.
Drive consists of motor.
Drive contains adult situations and is recommended for mature audiences .
Drive contains two such songs .
Drive continues thru end of test program.
Drive costs down and drive consumer value up.
Drive costs out of operations.
Drive creates driving directions to the contact's location.
Drive ends at entrance of hotel.
Drive eroticizes the male.
Drive goes from the main gearbox via a short prop' shaft to a remote transfer case.
Drive has flawless performance so far.
Drive is a cool film with action and comedy that blend well together and actually works.
Drive is a flat sidearm stroke that travels low over the net and deep into the opponents court.
Drive is a good choice.
Drive is a great solution for storing sound, picture and presentation data.
Drive is a myth, as such a setting.
Drive is a public access drive and is shared by everyone connected to the network.
Drive is approx.
Drive is at or near capacity.
Drive is available in a variety of configurations.
Drive is based on a panasonic core.
Drive is basically a data drive used by faculty for sharing files between student and professor.
Drive is bootable.
Drive is by chain with automatic hydraulic tensioner.
Drive is completely modular in design.
Drive is dedication and hard work.
Drive is down the middle to the side of a large hummock.
Drive is effective as a postemergence product but has little preemergence activity.
Drive is far from exciting.
Drive is fenced and gated.
Drive is ideal for archiving and exchanging any kind of data including audio.
Drive is in.
Drive is Locked.
Drive is now functional and excellent.
Drive is on left.
Drive is replaced.
Drive is supported by manufacturer service and parts centers world-wide.
Drive is taken direct from the tractor PTO via a universal shaft fitted with an overrun clutch.
Drive is through a jack shaft and back to the wheel on the other side.
Drive is through reduction gears to a pair of controllable pitch propellers.
Drive is to the front wheels via a five-speed manual gearbox.
Drive is tough on weeds, easy on turf.
Drive is turned into a beautiful, arpeggiated song.
Drive is variable depending on speed.
Drive is via a chain from the flywheel to the feed roller gearbox.
Drive legs up and control weight on the way down.
Drive needs to reload the media to return to proper status.
Drive offers strong overall performance, and such niceties as one-step software installation.
Drive pick up to obtain parts or other materials.
Drive powers up and resets normally.
Drive provides the best of both worlds.
Drive read and write functions work extremely well.
Drive refuse collection truck to and from dumpsite.
Drive revolves in a four-element outline.
Drive serve A hard-hit, low serve.
Drive shows dependence of speed relationships on geometry of drive.
Drive spins up and then spins down.
Drive takes place by friction wheels.
Drive works like a champ there.
Drive works normally after test completion.
Drives  slices.
Drives  steers.
Drives also take place at other times and places.
Drives are also available factory installed at competitive prices.
Drives are available for both internal and external configurations.
Drives are badly misunderstood, too often with tragic results.
Drives are capable of streets.
Drives are cheap now.
Drives are cheap, swap is cheap.
Drives ARE controllable.
Drives are delicate.
Drives are devices.
Drives are front accessible for ease of service and maintenance.
Drives are front-accessible for ease of service and maintenance.
Drives are gettingbigger almost daily.
Drives are in open landrovers throughout the safari.
Drives are journeys.
Drives are key.
Drives are located in golf courses.
Drives are located in parks.
Drives are mechanisms.
Drives are medical conditions.
Drives are motivated by the goal of cruises.
Drives are no longer available from the manufacturer.
Drives are now underway in three states.
Drives are of different types and have different purposes.
Drives are propulsion.
Drives are rail mounted, so installation and removal of components is easy.
Drives are returns.
Drives are roads.
Drives are similar to needs, and there are three in Kismet.
Drives are subject to last minute changes.
Drives are subject to the warranty of the original manufacturer.
Drives are traits.
Drives are transportation.
Drives are used for storing information.
Drives are used for use computers.
Drives are very cheap right now.
Drives break down, circuits pop and memories overheat.
Drives can also help apply a more comfortable indoor climate.
Drives can be either internal or external.
Drives can be offensive or defensive.
Drives can be user configured for maximum file protection or increased data storage.
Drives can fail after only two months resulting in total data loss.
Drives can occur at a one-day event or continue over a longer period of time.
Drives come from the big warehouse that stocks everything in the known universe.
Drives come in different speeds.
Drives dogs crazy, patented process and made exclusively in Hawaii with aloha.
Drives dogs crazy.
Drives engine to fire locations, frequently over undeveloped roads.
Drives engine to fire locations, frequently over unimproved roads.
Drives forklift to move, unload, and spot freight and other materials.
Drives get dirty.
Drives Get off the beaten path and visit some.
Drives go north to south.
Drives install from the front into a removable cage, which sounds like a better idea than it is.
Drives juveniles to and from work sites.
Drives locomotive from roundhouse to switching area and delivers serviced locomotive to engine crew.
Drives produce seeking behaviors, which get results.
Drives provide disk space on the network for instructors to share files with students.
Drives range from mellow to white-knuckle.
Drives rattle free, and super straight.
Drives read both low and high density tapes but can only write high density tapes.
Drives relatives mental.
Drives require one head for each active disk side, so two to twenty heads per drive.
Drives ride on tool-less carriers that are difficult to release.
Drives Show information about all drives.
Drives sit horizontally.
Drives start spinning again as soon as needed.
Drives start with walks.
Drives supply current to the motor, motor current provides torque and torque moves loads.
Drives supply the energy necessary for behavior.
Drives survey crew truck.
Drives take place once every quarter.
Drives tank over various types of terrain to locate target.
Drives truck to convey contaminated waste to designated sea or ground location.
Drives use electric motors to spin disks and require power directly from the power supply.
Drives vary in time, but usually last about four to six hours.
Drives vehicle off track to clear path for race.
All drives are available in internal or external configuration and are ready for shipment.
All drives are fire lanes unless marked for parking.
All drives are new unless stated otherwise.
All drives are new.
All drives are variable speed, type and configuration to suit each particular application.
All drives can be hot-swapped.
All drives come as masters or primary drives.
All drives come with one year warr.
All drives correspond to the stated access speeds.
All drives eventually fail.
All drives go through a slow dying process as they get older.
All drives have different numbers which are set using jumpers or switches.
All drives support both methods, and the subsystem developer can choose which they prefer.
All drives use the external media bay, except the hard drive.
Any drive leaves a downhill lie for the approach to a highly elevated, three-level green.
Every drive comes with a disk-formatting utility.
Every drive has a bracket which screws on.
Every drive is like an adventure.
Every Drive is like an adventure.
Every drive is straight down the middle.
Every drive needs a soundtrack.
Every drive splits the fairway.
Many drives are available with one or more drive status alarms.
Many drives fail because of mechanical problems .
Many drives fail because of mechanical problems.
Most drives are available in either internal or external configurations.
Most drives are low-profile, about an inch or so thinner.
Most drives come with the proper data cable and power adapter.
Most drives have a diagram showing jumper placement options printed on their case.
Most drives have two or more platters.
Most drives nowadays spin very fast, therefore causing the noise.
Some drives are better with dust than others too.
Some drives are clunky and have troubles holding the target steady.
Some drives are portable.
Some drives are still in progress.
Some drives can be fixed with driver updates, others are hopeless.
Some drives can be noisy, and some people are very sensitive to the noise.
Some drives claim to support multiple mode, but lose data at some settings.
Some drives have a fan that is annoyingly loud.
Some drives provide multiple heads that hover over different areas of the same platter.
Some drives require an intermediate adapter.
Some drives use caddies to hold the disks.
Most driveaway cars are fairly new, empty, and in good condition.
Drivel is saliva
Any drivel containing sentences that remotely resemble English seems to be getting modded up.
A driven well is a well
Driven wells are common along rivers in areas with glacial deposits.
Driver education is a very important part of a high school students educational experience.
Driver education is available for students who are fifteen years of age.
Driver education is helpful.
Driver education is instructor-dependent.
Driver education is offered at the secondary level.
Some driver education is needed here.
Driver fatigue is a factor in up to one third of all fatal crashes.
Driver fatigue is a foreseeable risk for all drivers.
Driver fatigue is a frequent consequence.
Driver fatigue is associated with truck crashes.
Driver fatigue is recognised as a contributory factor in some accidents.
Driver fatigue is the most common cause of traffic crashes caused by driver inattention.
Driver fatigue is the top cause of accidents involving trucks.
Driver fatigue ranks as the most frequent cause of accidents resulting from inattention.
Driver fatigue ranks as the most frequent cause of crashes resulting from inattention.
Driver safety is a highly important topic.
Driver safety is an issue now being addressed by most companies.
Driver safety is now the big thing on the Cup circuit.
Driver safety is what led to the postponement and track managers are working to reschedule the race.
Driver signing uses the existing digital-signature cryptographic technology.
Driver software is available depending on platform.
Driver software is available for downloading from our software page .
Driver training can make a big difference.
Driver training is now the part-time responsibility of the operations foreman.
Driver training is planned and conducted through the motor pool element.
Driver visibility is excellent in all directions.
Driver visibility is excellent.
Driver visibility is good in all directions.
A driver is an operator
Driver accepts cash and checks for monthly passes.
Driver accepts track condition and dial-in when car is staged.
Driver admits ignoring warning before crash.
Driver aggressively shifts gears.
Driver also includes extensive replay options, though most are unavailable in the demo.
Driver approaches the drum, lowers the gripper around the drum, and lifts.
Driver brings an extra dimension as a return specialist.
Driver can adjust wing angle from the cockpit.
Driver can comunicate with passengers by a phone-horn system.
Driver can connect to many servers thus integrating a previously multiple vendor environment.
Driver can increase or decrease pressure as convenient or raise stabilizer above soil level.
Driver can make limited adjustments.
Driver can make limited driving adjustments.
Driver can record up to six memo messages and get a jump start on the day.
Driver can start and stop recording from within the car.
Driver carries no cash.
Driver carries no change.
Driver carries no money.
Driver changes seat to change direction.
Driver daily logs ready to print out.
Driver decides schedule and route of buspool.
Driver disks from manufacturers.
Driver earns points based upon feature finish position and heat finish position.
Driver earns revenue through brokerage fees.
Driver ends up in a precarious position.
Driver establishes pickup times and locations.
Driver features a tungsten sole insert which redistributes club head weight for true launch angles.
Driver foils teenage suicide bridge jump .
Driver follows easy to use menus to enter data.
Driver gets a room upgrade.
Driver gets into the car.
Driver gets out of the car.
Driver gets out, but office is closed.
Driver gets room upgrade.
Driver has control of drive-time music.
Driver has emergency response information.
Driver has two attempts to move the boat.
Driver interfaces for transportation applications.
Driver is a commuter just like the other rideshare group.
Driver is a senior honors student active in field hockey, cheering, drama and music.
Driver is a superb athlete with good range and big-play ability.
Driver is a very easy game to control as well.
Driver is a waitress.
Driver is able to Walk Away.
Driver is about car chases and car wrecks.
Driver is accessed with standard file operators.
Driver is all about the thrill of driving a getaway car and evading the law.
Driver is assigned to drive a different type of powered industrial truck.
Driver is equipped with pager if pickup times are difficult to determine.
Driver is forged titanium.
Driver is fully functional but has a very limited user interface.
Driver is given heart.
Driver is great and everyone is great.
Driver is held responsible for proper restraint of children.
Driver is held to North Dakota requirements.
Driver is here .
Driver is included in the operating system.
Driver is ineligible for any race in any class for one calender year.
Driver is ineligible for any race in any class of one calender year.
Driver is instructed to give lapping driver consideration.
Driver is involved in an accident or near-miss incident.
Driver is long and straight.
Driver is married .
Driver is our only material asset.
Driver is philosophical as well.
Driver is required to assist with boarding and exiting as well as with securing passengers.
Driver is responsible and receives the citation for each violation.
Driver is responsible and receives the citations.
Driver is responsible for checking the car for damages before they leave and after they return.
Driver is seen wearing fake leg cast.
Driver is single blond female.
Driver is software that mediates smart cards to their parent applications, such as Web browsers.
Driver is the latest car simulator that plays close attention to geographic detail.
Driver is to bring the bus to the garage for service and stay with bus on time.
Driver is tough.
Driver is white, chromed engines, black painted base.
Driver isa entity.
Driver issues Another, even more common problem concerns software drivers.
Driver just manages to stop by ramming an obstacle.
Driver labels the play as neither a history, nor a comedy, but as a dream.
Driver loads bags in bus bins.
Driver loses points for that night, but can race next show if all monies have been paid.
Driver makes money.
Driver means any person who operates a commercial motor vehicle.
Driver means every person who drives or is in actual physical control of a vehicle.
Driver move out.
Driver needs to be finished on short timeline.
Driver needs to have the bus reasonably cleaned inside, out, and under the bus.
Driver now activates correctly after a device sleep.
Driver now defaults the tab key behavior to moving between fields.
Driver pay What the driver is paid to drive the truck.
Driver pays tolls.
Driver pays when leaving airport.
Driver permits issued.
Driver plugs a big gap.
Driver provides food, trip cost approx.
Driver provides two trainers using a ghost car within a car park and dirt track environment.
Driver pulls a Binocheian upset.
Driver puts the reading process to sleep if a certain condition is met.
Driver receives five smileys.
Driver receives group rate.
Driver remains engaged when the settings window is closed.
Driver reports no one home and client reports driver never came.
Driver retains fuel tank, seat belts and racing seat.
Driver says it became evident that more than the recipients felt blessed by the giveaway.
Driver says, sure.
Driver sits at front of tank and drives from semi-reclining position.
Driver stops at designated stops only.
Driver supports software reset, the hardware reset if system is hung or too hot.
Driver waits near luggage carousel for students for both international and domestic flights.
Driver warns student.
Driver works well in compression mode - both for single frames, as well as for the mjpeg stream.
Drivers accept that the possibility of sudden death is part of what makes their lives so special.
Drivers accept tips.
Drivers acquire other energy eating habits.
Drivers act like a translator between the device and programs that use the device.
Drivers actually see pavement markings as a function of their contrast with the road surface.
Drivers adjust rear and side mirrors and their seat for comfort.
Drivers adjust to the changes and the differences each track offers.
Drivers agree to exercise extreme caution, due to the presence of many pedestrians.
Drivers agree to settle the matter themselves.
Drivers air their gripes and offer solutions.
Drivers allow the touch screen to work with all mouse driven software.
Drivers already pay taxes that fund highway use and construction.
Drivers also appear to be happy.
Drivers also assist with office duties.
Drivers also call one day before pickup and delivery to obtain directions, set a time, and so forth.
Drivers also can expect seat belt checkpoints.
Drivers also check their mirrors and the speedometer less often when distracted by visual tasks.
Drivers also differ in accommodating others and in recklessness.
Drivers also encounter sheep and cattle on the tracks.
Drivers also feel more comfortable speeding on some roads than others.
Drivers also have an obligation to project the image of the company for which they're hauling.
Drivers also have an opportunity to grow within the organization.
Drivers also have increased costs for fuel, time delay, and accidents, to name the obvious.
Drivers also have personal local use of the vans during weekends and off hours.
Drivers also have personal use of the vans during non-work hours.
Drivers also have the possibility to communicate with their company throughout the journey.
Drivers also have the right to challenge their suspension in state court.
Drivers also have to know something about practical hydrocarbon chemistry.
Drivers also have to take a defensive driving class, which lasts a day.
Drivers also keep an emergency five-minute air supply close at hand.
Drivers also know what to do in case of mechanical failure.
Drivers also learn the safe performance capabilities of their vehicles.
Drivers also perform operator maintenance on platform trucks, van trucks or cargo vans.
Drivers also receive training related to spill response and notification procedures.
Drivers also travel longer distances and drive more frequently if they experience less congestion.
Drivers also use compact discs that show the location of gas stations and other useful information.
Drivers also wear a badge with a number.
Drivers also work long hours during holidays, weekends, and other special events.
Drivers also work very long hours.
Drivers announce all major stops, transfer locations and destinations.
Drivers announce key stops over a P.A. system.
Drivers announce major stops over a loudspeaker.
Drivers announce the main bus stops and transfers.
Drivers appear to be making allowances for the increased number of horses and dogs on the roads.
Drivers approach, then stop.
Drivers are a fact of life with PCs, especially for gamers.
Drivers are a forgetful group sometimes.
Drivers are a key component of any system - and a common source of system failure.
Drivers are a stubborn breed.
Drivers are able to gain insight into their own driving characteristics and limitations.
Drivers are accountable for all actions.
Drivers are accustomed passing cyclists on the roads.
Drivers are actions on the exterior that affects change.
Drivers are afraid of bikes, and they yield.
Drivers are afraid of walking and pedestrians are afraid of getting run over.
Drivers are afraid to say what they think, afraid to do what they'd like to do.
Drivers are aggressive, roads are old, twisty, ill-designed, and overcrowded.
Drivers are alerted of quicker alternative routes via radio traffic watches.
Drivers are alerted to intermittent lane closures in that area.
Drivers are all in incredible shape, kno signs of problems.
Drivers are all locals and are friendly, clean and courteous.
Drivers are already available for most common printers.
Drivers are also angry about the run-down condition of the bus fleets.
Drivers are also available here .
Drivers are also available on a limited basis.
Drivers are also available.
Drivers are also part of the pool for random drug tests that are ongoing throughout employment.
Drivers are also responsible for taking the proper care concerning the safety of their passengers.
Drivers are also responsible for transporting live pigs from farm to farm.
Drivers are also the concern for drive manufacturers.
Drivers are also very poor at remembering traffic signs.
Drivers are always dressed in proper attire for the occasion.
Drivers are always in state of rage, honking in a heartbeat when the light changes.
Drivers are among the most courteous in the nation.
Drivers are angry because of safety issues.
Drivers are another cause of instability.
Drivers are another issue.
Drivers are as bad as in Boston.
Drivers are available for all major operating systems when installing the client products.
Drivers are available for download.
Drivers are available for most popular operating systems.
Drivers are available for only a few SCSI cards and devices.
Drivers are available for the day.
Drivers are available from the website too.
Drivers are available here .
Drivers are available in a choice of either smart formal suit or full chauffeur uniform.
Drivers are available on the software page.
Drivers are available to help with transporting the items home.
Drivers are available with links to commercial and free sites with uptodate drivers.
Drivers are bottom-line thinkers.
Drivers are by far the number one selling individual club in the golf industry.
Drivers are calm, disciplined and polite.
Drivers are cheap compared to chips.
Drivers are code modules that support different mailbox storage technologies.
Drivers are compressed files.
Drivers are conflicting.
Drivers are content with riding along in the top five without thinking about what it takes to win.
Drivers are customarily off duty upon arrival at the destination.
Drivers are easily recognisable in the Eastern uniform.
Drivers are easily the most comfortable Impreza occupants,with a near perfect driving position.
Drivers are especially close.
Drivers are essential for the operation of hardware.
Drivers are essential to the correct operation of any graphics card.
Drivers are familiar with the rumble strip sound.
Drivers are far more complex than simple material rewards.
Drivers are far more likely to encounter that requirement when applying to transporter companies.
Drivers are files which contain configuration information on modems and other hardware.
Drivers are free to add whatever safety features they want.
Drivers are frequently updated.
Drivers are full of answers.
Drivers are generally courteous and follow traffic rules.
Drivers are golfers.
Drivers are happy to drive to most places but take the time to come to an agreeable on price.
Drivers are helpless to know where to go.
Drivers are home evenings.
Drivers are impatient.
Drivers are important .
Drivers are important.
Drivers are in a zipped format.
Drivers are in executing file format.
Drivers are independent contractors .
Drivers are independent.
Drivers are key to the graphics card's performance.
Drivers are kind of iffy.
Drivers are less likely to get motion sickness than passengers.
Drivers are less likely to use restraints when they have been drinking.
Drivers are macho, impatient, and indecisive.
Drivers are more alert going into the work zone.
Drivers are most at risk if they hit a barrier head-on, rather than with a glancing blow.
Drivers are most concerned with protecting their heads.
Drivers are motionless in Seattle, bedeviled in Boston and hung up in the heartland.
Drivers are nervous and they are using their horns a lot.
Drivers are never without autograph pens, especially in public.
Drivers are non-smoking, friendly and well mannered.
Drivers are now able to obtain the required medical forms at their local deputy registrar office.
Drivers are now aware of required procedures following all at fault accidents and citations.
Drivers are of the same sex.
Drivers are of the same species other than humans.
Drivers are operators.
Drivers are part of the operating system.
Drivers are particularly prone to back injury due to the sitting that is required for long periods.
Drivers are people.
Drivers are personally responsible for citations.
Drivers are personally responsible for fines resulting from their actions.
Drivers are personally responsible for the cost of all traffic citations and parking tickets.
Drivers are polite.
Drivers are poor at estimating roadway curves.
Drivers are probably very likely to notice bananas riding bicycles.
Drivers are programs that link peripherals to the operating system.
Drivers are responsable for the entire crew.
Drivers are responsible for all moving violations.
Drivers are responsible for all tickets and fines.
Drivers are responsible for any action of crewmembers and powder puff drivers.
Drivers are responsible for any parking or traffic violation penalties.
Drivers are responsible for any traffic violations incurred while using the vehicle.
Drivers are responsible for any violations.
Drivers are responsible for assisting passengers and securing the doors before departure.
Drivers are responsible for buckling up the child.
Drivers are responsible for changing numbers on their cars.
Drivers are responsible for checking the fuel gauge to ensure sufficient fuel for their trips.
Drivers are responsible for checking the signs and putting money in the meters as required.
Drivers are responsible for damage to vehicles and incurred fines.
Drivers are responsible for delivering store shipments and turn donation trailers.
Drivers are responsible for finding an authorized parking space.
Drivers are responsible for following the established rules for vehicle operation.
Drivers are responsible for meeting specific licensing and physical examination requirements.
Drivers are responsible for moving snow from streets and intersections to their full widths.
Drivers are responsible for paying all overload fines.
Drivers are responsible for retrieving personal gear.
Drivers are responsible for safe boarding and proper securement of restraints.
Drivers are responsible for securing children into a child car safety seat.
Drivers are responsible for the conduct and actions of their crew members.
Drivers are responsible for the conduct and actions of their crewmembers.
Drivers are responsible for the conduct of all persons connected with the team.
Drivers are responsible for their crew and guests.
Drivers are responsible for their crew.
Drivers are responsible for their own dropped dogs.
Drivers are responsible for themselves and passengers under the age of fifteen.
Drivers are responsible to ensure brakes are checked daily for proper adjustment.
Drivers are ritual elements that evoke specific neurophysiological effects.
Drivers are simply test components that make sure two or more components work together.
Drivers are small software programs that load from the Config.sys file at boot up.
Drivers are so scary.
Drivers are solely liable for the condition of their vehicle.
Drivers are solely responsible for any traffic violations they receive.
Drivers are specialist.
Drivers are strapped into their cars.
Drivers are subject to drug and alcohol testing by their employers and by law enforcement officials.
Drivers are subject to random testing for alcohol and drugs.
Drivers are swift, efficient decision makers.
Drivers are the first layer of fault detection for a highly available system.
Drivers are the hold-up now.
Drivers are the utilities required to make the system work with the hardware.
Drivers are then more likely to travel in groups, travel less or use mass transit.
Drivers are then responsible for their delivery to newsagents in the area.
Drivers are then to be reviewed annually by the carrier.
Drivers are tired after a day of activity.
Drivers are tired.
Drivers are to accept all fares, big and small from the airport.
Drivers are to accurately record their work hours.
Drivers are to bring their car to a stop quickly.
Drivers are to check with the school officials so that accurate lists of students can be made.
Drivers are to complete and sign a trip ticket at the completion of each trip.
Drivers are to comply with their lawful request.
Drivers are to have a signed ticket for each load.
Drivers are to obey all local and state ordinances pertaining to the operation of motor vehicles.
Drivers are to proceed with caution in the pits.
Drivers are to remain positioned on the ground to guide wheelchairs onto and off of the lift.
Drivers are to yield to all pedestrians when they are in the crosswalks.
Drivers are too valuable to get hurt.
Drivers are trained mechanics.
Drivers are ultimately an independent breed.
Drivers are unable to see pedestrians as they exit the field.
Drivers are unable to wait.
Drivers are usually available for free download from the sound card or PC vendor's web site.
Drivers are usually platform specific.
Drivers are utility programs.
Drivers are very considerate with cyclists.
Drivers are very courteous - and patient.
Drivers are very often universal in their essential form.
Drivers are very professional in their white, stiffly starched shirts.
Drivers are volunteers.
Drivers are warmer, more comfortable, and have more fun than passengers.
Drivers are welcome to join tour groups at no charge.
Drivers are well aware of the catastrophic results that frequently accompany wheelstands.
Drivers are well informed and friendly and know nearly all the points of interest.
Drivers are well-informed and friendly and know nearly all the points of interest.
Drivers are wood.
Drivers are workers.
Drivers are, for the most part, independent contractors and are basically self-employed.
Drivers are, in a word, aggressive.
Drivers ask the email reader to read a message and hear it through the car's speakers.
Drivers assist the elderly on and off the bus and often carry packages and groceries to the door.
Drivers assume all risks when parking on the campus.
Drivers attend their final pre-race briefing.
Drivers become aware of the speed they are traveling and many slow down.
Drivers become aware of the speed they are traveling, and many slow down.
Drivers begin the turn, back up, continue the turn, back up, and continue the turn again.
Drivers behave less aggressively and are more likely to obey traffic signs and signals.
Drivers believe they're never wrong.
Drivers bring their rigs in for a comprehensive going-over.
Drivers bringing vehicles into Ghana require a carnet de passage and international insurance.
Drivers buy a pass so they can drive through toll booths.
Drivers can access road information through the touchpanel-based terminal device and the Internet.
Drivers can adopt simple strategies that keep frustration, anger and rage in check.
Drivers can also do their part by looking out for pedestrians.
Drivers can also get black flags for losing fluids, reckless driving, and improper passes.
Drivers can also look forward to a race that has become all but impossible to predict the winner.
Drivers can also opt for a five-speed automatic that also allows clutchless manual gear selection.
Drivers can also select information from the built-in product list, price list, or address book.
Drivers can also select their own driving mode if they choose.
Drivers can anticipate a cyclist s moves and plan accordingly.
Drivers can ask for the nearest hotel or gas station and directions how to get there.
Drivers can assist passengers with collapsible wheelchairs.
Drivers can assist the person from and into the home.
Drivers can avoid most skids by driving responsibly for the conditions that exist.
Drivers can be a bit aggressive, so be careful.
Drivers can be as varied as the passengers they ferry.
Drivers can be complex and intimidating.
Drivers can be on a monthly schedule or on-call.
Drivers can be undisciplined and aggressive.
Drivers can become complacent after taking the same route day after day.
Drivers can become corrupted or overwritten.
Drivers can become tired or distracted.
Drivers can borrow a car when needed by paying a membership fee, which is cheaper than renting.
Drivers can breathe a sigh of relief.
Drivers can buy a conservation plate when registering a car or buying a new one.
Drivers can buy a time only tech card for two time runs.
Drivers can cause the death of a fellow human that is totally unnecessary.
Drivers can challenge the tickets in court.
Drivers can choose from a wide variety of controls to meet individual needs.
Drivers can choose whether they want to put their address on the licence.
Drivers can compete in the stock, super stock or master divisions.
Drivers can cover the trails in about an hour and a half.
Drivers can currently save on legal services, online banking, lodging and more.
Drivers can cut in front of the van, causing a sudden stop.
Drivers can damage their vehicle, or injure or kill an animal or themselves.
Drivers can distribute flyers and brochures during campaign.
Drivers can do several things to reduce the risk.
Drivers can drop off and pick up containers without leaving the truck cab.
Drivers can easily identify an improved road from a gravel or dirt road.
Drivers can expect delays and single-lane closures.
Drivers can expect lane closures in various sections of the work area and some delays are possible.
Drivers can expect one-lane traffic.
Drivers can expect short term lane closures and minor traffic delays.
Drivers can feel the car cross railroad tracks, speed bumps, and other rough surfaces.
Drivers can fight back.
Drivers can flaunt their social conscience in all causes and colors.
Drivers can focus on driving without the hassle of completing paper logbooks.
Drivers can get a little irritated, and irritating over the radio at the races.
Drivers can glance at the virtual image without refocusing or removing their eyes from the road.
Drivers can ignore signals if they choose.
Drivers can interface directly with the dispatch system without having to go through the dispatcher.
Drivers can interface with the system's many features.
Drivers can keep their heads up.
Drivers can learn what the traffic signs mean, where to stop, how to signal etc.
Drivers can leave the cars at any designated parking place in the region.
Drivers can make a world of difference .
Drivers can move their head for normal racing conditions.
Drivers can now concentrate more fully on the schedule instead of dealing with fares and passes.
Drivers can only operate the wheelchair lift at stops that are approved and marked as accessible.
Drivers can only receive a ticket.
Drivers can park free on-site.
Drivers can park in an area specially designated for emergency department patients.
Drivers can pay the fee at a gas station, when the police arrive to settle the fine.
Drivers can preview congested roadways from their car laptop computer.
Drivers can program multiple tasks into the system using simple keypad functions.
Drivers can program warning chime volumes or light levels to suit individual preferences.
Drivers can provide transportation for long-distance adoptions.
Drivers can pull off the road, back up to the gully and discard their trash.
Drivers can race against the clock or each other.
Drivers can read it into portable computers with a hand-held scanner in less than a second.
Drivers can receive traffic summons and face fines for children restrained incorrectly in vehicles.
Drivers can recharge the battery at night, which can take up to six hours.
Drivers can reform their gas-guzzling ways.
Drivers can register on arrival and go through the entry line when they are ready.
Drivers can renew their motor vehicle registrations.
Drivers can report in without leaving or stopping their trucks.
Drivers can search by a specific address, city, state or region.
Drivers can see how to fill out a log book from the sample grid on the back cover.
Drivers can shake their cars down for the first time and new crews can work the kinks out.
Drivers can sit calmly and coolly when there is jam on both sides of the road.
Drivers can sit high with an expansive view forward and rear.
Drivers can spot objects through dense fog and oncoming headlight glare.
Drivers can still enjoy eating, though.
Drivers can substitute another car before the first round of eliminations.
Drivers can swim.
Drivers can take defensive driving once a year.
Drivers can take several additional steps to help protect child passengers.
Drivers can talk briefly in any lanes while driving.
Drivers can test their racing skills against others and the computer in a virtual race.
Drivers can then anticipate the rider's moves and perhaps help prevent a crash from occurring.
Drivers can then speed up or slow down to increase the chance of picking up more passengers.
Drivers can try different techniques or styles and see what difference they make.
Drivers can use designated areas to quickly drop off or pick up patients.
Drivers can use it to save gas.
Drivers can use one of four camera views, from above and behind to the front bumper itself.
Drivers can use the connection to download their e-mail in their vehicle.
Drivers can use the unassigned spaces by buying a hunting permit.
Drivers can use their native tongue to communicate on the train's radio link to the dispatcher.
Drivers can wave off interviews after on-track incidents.
Drivers can win awards in both divisions.
Drivers can work shifts of over ten hours, often going seven hours without a break.
Drivers carry a list of fares.
Drivers carry no change.
Drivers caught by surprise are less able to avoid a crash.
Drivers charge from portal to portal.
Drivers check in regularly with their dispatchers, who record the contact on a computer network.
Drivers choose a target speed to shoot for without exceeding a capped tech speed.
Drivers choose their own paths while negotiating whatever terrain lies between.
Drivers claim they re the victims.
Drivers Clean up the device manager.
Drivers Click Here.
Drivers Click on any of the bulletted items below to access the file library for that item.
Drivers collect valuable data as they travel their routes.
Drivers come drifting across every lane as if no one else existed.
Drivers come first.
Drivers come from all walks of life, including students from nearby colleges.
Drivers come from Utah, Idaho, Wyoming, Nevada and Colorado to compete in the series.
Drivers come in and park, then walk to the parking station and type in the stall number.
Drivers come in different shapes and sizes.
Drivers come in the morning with swollen legs after the long drive.
Drivers come ready to deliver an optional narration of historic places along the route.
Drivers come up with novel ways to counter the oppressive heat.
Drivers communicate game sightings to one another.
Drivers compete for parking spaces.
Drivers compete for trophies and prize money.
Drivers compete in autocross events individually, against the clock.
Drivers compete in nine categories of vehicles.
Drivers compete on an exciting oval track.
Drivers compete one at a time against the clock.
Drivers complain of gasoline shortages.
Drivers conduct a pre-trip bus inspection each morning and afternoon.
Drivers conduct daily pre-trip inspections.
Drivers consistently underestimate the risk of crossing flooded road beds.
Drivers constantly blow their horns.
Drivers contact the OnStar center through the cell phone.
Drivers continue to express concerns for the fans safety in the garage area.
Drivers continue to say engine temperatures are alarmingly high in race conditions.
Drivers control how long the train is at a stop and try to stay on schedule.
Drivers control the operations of modems, printers, scanners, etc.
Drivers convicted of speed competition also can lose their licenses for up to a year.
Drivers deliver meals to the elderly.
Drivers deliver shipments throughout their shifts, accumulating written information.
Drivers develop physical skills such as coordination, timing, alertness and basic mechanical theory.
Drivers develop physical skills such as coordination, timing, alertness, basic mechanical theory.
Drivers display placards from their vehicle's rearview mirrors.
Drivers display their status through the size and in efficiency of their automobiles.
Drivers dive off the cars into the arms of crews.
Drivers do slow down when they see the signal lights, and there are less accidents.
Drivers dominate the nominees for the initial class.
Drivers don t haul children.
Drivers don t honk their horns quite as often.
Drivers don t pay the monthly fare that passengers do.
Drivers don t want to spend more time that they have to on the roads.
Drivers doze, read newspapers or chat with their colleagues.
Drivers draw numbers for starting positions in the heat races.
Drivers dream of becoming associated with a team that are proven winners.
Drivers dress totally western from their cowboy hats to their boots.
Drivers drive at a speed they fell convertible at regardless of the limit.
Drivers drive faster when other cars are around.
Drivers drive various lines around the circuits.
Drivers drop fans right outside the stadium gates.
Drivers earn points for their finishing position.
Drivers earn vacation pay, and dental coverage is available for the driver and family.
Drivers eat, apply makeup, fiddle with the radio and yell at kids in the back seat.
Drivers enjoy the neutral handling, excellent brakes, and smooth ride as well.
Drivers enjoy the site-lines when hauling steel.
Drivers enter through the window opening, the same as a full-sized stock car.
Drivers enter tolls, parking, and other billable expenses directly into the devices.
Drivers even have to look out for the occasional turtle crossing the road.
Drivers evolve quickly since many people worldwide are working in Linux to develop software.
Drivers exiting the jam see nothing unusual, much to their surprise.
Drivers expect some payment though.
Drivers expect to be tipped, however.
Drivers express different opinions on the short schedule for some race weekends.
Drivers face a large cost from failing to properly maintain their vehicles.
Drivers face a no-nonsense arrangement of controls and instruments that are easy to read and use.
Drivers face clear, well-placed controls and gauges.
Drivers face constant dangers on the highways and the health risks of sleep deprivation.
Drivers face less chance of a serious injury in models fitted with air-bags.
Drivers face revocation of their licenses for repeated offenses.
Drivers facilitate communication between hardware and software.
Drivers fail to obey the rules of the road without the presence of the police.
Drivers feel their cars shaking.
Drivers fight to stay on the lead lap.
Drivers file damage claims with their own insurers, without regard to who caused the accident.
Drivers find the roadways easier to maneuver even through road construction areas.
Drivers flash peace signs.
Drivers follow routes and make deliveries.
Drivers gather much of their information subconsciously.
Drivers generally agree, though, that the benefits of wheel tethers outweigh the liabilities.
Drivers generally ride free in return for their driving responsibilities.
Drivers generally seem to take heed, in view of fairly open borders.
Drivers get a cost-free commute and riders get to sit back and relax.
Drivers get a high seat position and good visibility.
Drivers get angry when their traffic emotions are challenged beyond the coping point.
Drivers get angry when they are followed too closely.
Drivers get health and life insurance, disability, and retirement pensions.
Drivers get impatient.
Drivers get individual boxes, and pay into anonymous accounts.
Drivers get instant feedback of their speed displayed on the reader board as they pass by.
Drivers get instant feedback of their speed, displayed on the reader board as they pass by.
Drivers get instant feedback, as their speed is displayed on the reader board as they pass by.
Drivers Get the latest drivers from the following sites.
Drivers get the opportunity to express themselves in a series of questions during an oral test.
Drivers get the right service reminder at the right time, and are enticed by direct cost savings.
Drivers get their drugs there and their prostitutes.
Drivers get to test their skill at car control through many tight turns.
Drivers get two pieces of data during a bind.
Drivers give autographs and candy to fans after every race.
Drivers give their cars an occasional wash, polish and buff.
Drivers go home directly after a delivery and wear clean clothes to begin work the next day.
Drivers go out of their way, shifting a lane or two, to be able to pass on the right.
Drivers Go slow,slow,slow all evening.
Drivers go through a thorough training program.
Drivers go through extensive training both in the classroom and on the road.
Drivers go, sponsors go, crew chiefs exit and the cycle goes on.
Drivers guard against harness galls by conscientiously fitting collar and harness to the horse.
Drivers handle vehicles safely and responsibly, which reduces fuel and maintenance expenses.
Drivers has no command-line switches.
Drivers have a hard time getting out of a car, even if they are uncomfortable.
Drivers have a hard time getting through.
Drivers have a limited damage liability.
Drivers have a lot of very useful input.
Drivers have a right to choose which cars they wish to operate.
Drivers have a tremendous responsibility for our children's safety.
Drivers have an awful habit of turning in front of fast moving bikes.
Drivers have contracts with their team owners for annual salaries.
Drivers have current route and student information.
Drivers have difficulty judging the speed of the oncoming motorcycle.
Drivers have free access to a van on the weekends when needed.
Drivers have full responsibility and authority over students on their bus.
Drivers have knowledge of all attractions in the Netherlands.
Drivers have less room to take corrective actions after making an errant maneuver.
Drivers have many options to consider.
Drivers have no answer to that question.
Drivers have no change.
Drivers have no investment in what is happening and no sense of responsibility.
Drivers have other camp jobs in addition to their driving duties.
Drivers have plenty to hold their attention.
Drivers have several options to choose from.
Drivers have special responsibilities for careful winter driving.
Drivers have the ability to perform any needed action at the time of power on or off.
Drivers have the option of standing on their first-round times or trying to improve their positions.
Drivers have the potential of passing out.
Drivers have the same authority as a teacher in the classroom.
Drivers have to be especially careful when going through populated areas.
Drivers have to break through the crust with the automotive equivalent of bare fists.
Drivers have to dodge fans like they're steering through a minefield.
Drivers have to find a special tool and spend some time playing around with the mechanism.
Drivers have to get their sleep.
Drivers have to learn new routes.
Drivers have to pass a test.
Drivers have to take collective responsibility for collectively making the streets safe.
Drivers have to use lane change cards with their name one it to mark their stopping position.
Drivers have to walk to the bus stop and pickup the slugs.
Drivers have to want to be courteous.
Drivers have traffic cops.
Drivers have trouble seeing and stopping in bad weather.
Drivers have trouble steering.
Drivers help each other retrieve auto parts after.
Drivers here have a heavy foot on the gas.
Drivers here pay among the highest rates in the nation.
Drivers hide in luxurious motor homes until it's time to make a few laps.
Drivers hold a grudge.
Drivers honk as they pass by.
Drivers honk their horns and some wave as they watch the balloons drift above the highway.
Drivers hoot and scream in gothic rage.
Drivers hould slow down and drive with extreme caution.
Drivers increase their own levels of stress by trying to beat the clock.
Drivers inform the office of misconduct, and repeat offenders lose the privilege of riding the bus.
Drivers inspect and document the condition of the equipment daily.
Drivers install, and the phone jacks are connected to the cards.
Drivers instinctively maintain large separations, and traffic flows at maximum speed.
Drivers instinctively slow.
Drivers intent on a good income like to fill their calendars and trailers.
Drivers involved in accidents can easily slip the phone into a pocket or glove compartment.
Drivers isolate the details of the operation of the boards from the higher levels of the system.
Drivers issue receipts upon request from the passenger.
Drivers join in celebrations on victory lane.
Drivers just have to remember to stay on the brake and to safely steer away from trouble.
Drivers keep both hands on the steering wheel.
Drivers know how to race.
Drivers know it.
Drivers know neither the area's geography nor how to assist disabled people.
Drivers know that late delivery can cause an entire factory or assembly line to be shut down.
Drivers know that when they come to Topeka, Kan., they are going to cook.
Drivers learn the course by walking it a couple of times before their first timed run.
Drivers learn the federal laws and regulations governing interstate trucking.
Drivers learn to assess and master different traffic situations correctly.
Drivers leave the scene of accidents for a variety of reasons.
Drivers leave their booties and uniforms with the customer.
Drivers licence an advantage.
Drivers licence essential and driving a manual vehicle.
Drivers licence essential.
Drivers licence from country of origin, and Israeli drivers licence.
Drivers licenses . .
Drivers like to come to Topeka.
Drivers line up their cars to start the official race.
Drivers look for oncoming cars, buses, and trucks.
Drivers look in the direction they are going to turn.
Drivers look slightly angry or bored all the time.
Drivers love the system because they feel safer behind the wheel.
Drivers make every effort to operate on schedule, however, slight variations can occur.
Drivers make no change.
Drivers make safety announcements as well as announce stops.
Drivers make up a true cross section of the population.
Drivers making a right on red don t always look both ways before starting up, so be careful.
Drivers manifest aggressive behavior in several ways.
Drivers manipulate their buses through an obstacle course, competing for prizes.
Drivers manuver compact cars along the track in a last on standing competition.
Drivers Minimize the work required to support networking devices.
Drivers move slowly and park diagonally along curbs.
Drivers move the disabled vehicle off the road and notify the march element commander.
Drivers navigate through a series of events to simulate real life driving.
Drivers nearly run over pedestrians as they enter the basement parking garage.
Drivers neglect their turn signals.
Drivers never have to leave their car or sport-utility vehicle to refuel or pay.
Drivers never recharge the battery.
Drivers never talk about losing.
Drivers notice a power lag on acceleration.
Drivers now can pass.
Drivers now make the kind of money that requires financial planners.
Drivers observe their commander or leader for the signal to start engines.
Drivers obtain something valuable and note worthy to add to their r sum , win or lose.
Drivers occasionally rub against traffic signs etc.
Drivers offer a pro and con perspective on restrictor plate racing at New Hampshire.
Drivers only learn by making and correcting their mistakes.
Drivers only move up places when others crash out or retire.
Drivers operate a transit coach on fixed-route or special event route.
Drivers operate vehicles.
Drivers operating loaders have adequate visibility, and the equipment is stable.
Drivers own their buses and compete for passengers.
Drivers park anywhere 'temporarily'.
Drivers park at shopping mall off station.
Drivers park at station.
Drivers park in rear of library.
Drivers park in the shopping area south and east of the bank.
Drivers park their trucks and spend the night helping staff the station.
Drivers participate at their convenience.
Drivers participate in a monthly in-service training on topics related to safety.
Drivers pay a toll to enter congested areas.
Drivers pay absolutely no attention to lanes, lights, or anything else.
Drivers pay at the pump automatically, rather than purchase individual insurance policies.
Drivers pay for mileage driven within centre.
Drivers pay little heed to traffic regulations, signals, lanes, or other drivers.
Drivers pay little heed to traffic regulations, signals, lines or even other drivers.
Drivers pay only a small part of what their driving costs the public.
Drivers perform exercises in the car, van or light truck they customarily drive.
Drivers pick up and drop off passengers at bus stops or stations.
Drivers pick up meals from one of four church satellite sites.
Drivers picking up strangers face similar risks.
Drivers pit to change drivers throughout the race gaining and losing positions and laps.
Drivers please download and print both forms.
Drivers plug in to the kernel to allow it to adapt to deal with new types of hardware.
Drivers provide a commentary, with fascinating anecdotes.
Drivers provide a narrated tour, as well as camping and hiking information.
Drivers provide a running commentary, with fascinating anecdotes.
Drivers provide assistance to customers to assure safe and user-friendly service.
Drivers provide feedback via their MDTs to the system, which stores the data.
Drivers provide much more than warm, nutritious meals.
Drivers provide testimonials about their successful use of ABS to avoid crashes.
Drivers provide transportation either one day or a half-day a month.
Drivers quickly see the results of good driving habits.
Drivers quit picking up people standing beside the road.
Drivers race in shifts.
Drivers reach some pretty high speeds, using nail studded tires to gain traction.
Drivers reading little maps and navigating complex service directories is out.
Drivers receive a payment for the work done.
Drivers receive a route map and driver's event manual at the time of registration.
Drivers receive additional raises based on length of service.
Drivers receive no financial payment for their efforts.
Drivers receive race instructions from flagmen.
Drivers receive rigorous training before taking the reins of the hitch.
Drivers receive substandard training within the department.
Drivers refuse to buy the tickets at their own risk.
Drivers register as they come through the pit gate.
Drivers regularly work on rostered days off.
Drivers rely on pit crews to make sure they are called in for re-fueling at the optimum time.
Drivers report better control of vessel.
Drivers report less fatigue on long hauls and more confidence in the safety of their vehicle.
Drivers report taking three times the number of trips taken by non-drivers.
Drivers report that they are better able to concentrate on their driving when belts are in use.
Drivers report there are many causes of fatigue, and time spent in driving is only one cause.
Drivers ride for free.
Drivers ride free in exchange for coordinating the vanpool.
Drivers risk Serb gunfire to bring goods to the city's outskirts.
Drivers risk their lives for gold and glory.
Drivers routinely spend weeks on the road separated from family and friends.
Drivers run red lights and park on sidewalks.
Drivers run red lights and turn without looking for cars and pedestrians.
Drivers run videos from time to time on overhead monitors.
Drivers sail through red lights as if they wanted a mass murder.
Drivers save time since engines are checked electronically.
Drivers say crossing the bridge was like riding a roller coaster.
Drivers say it's uncomfortable.
Drivers say mistakes are inevitable because of the hours they are being forced to work.
Drivers say more troopers means safer roads.
Drivers say that Long Beach changes the traditional equation.
Drivers say the holes range from as small as a quarter to a ditch small enough to swallow a tire.
Drivers say they are becoming more frustrated with traffic and with the unpredictable road system.
Drivers say they do it just for the fun of it.
Drivers say they prefer it because it is quieter and actually faster than the old radio.
Drivers say they want more asphalt, and politicians are scrambling to find money to pay for it.
Drivers say they've become used to delays in the area.
Drivers say yes.
Drivers score additional points by out qualifying their team mates.
Drivers scream out their windows.
Drivers seeking shelter under viaducts often cause traffic jams that can endanger lives.
Drivers seem more than courteous.
Drivers seem to be doing a nice job of missing each other.
Drivers select a dial-under, or e.t.
Drivers sell their homes to other drivers.
Drivers share local lore.
Drivers shout at and even shoot at each other.
Drivers show great creativity in devising hostile responses.
Drivers show wear.
Drivers showcase their ability in controlling the speedy car in a full swift on a racing field.
Drivers simply fail to recognize the motorcyclist's right of way.
Drivers simply swipe a credit card, pick up the keys, and drive around.
Drivers simply try to see and do the right thing in the actual situation that presents itself.
Drivers sit high, with a commanding view over traffic.
Drivers slow down as they approach the tunnel as a matter of natural behavior.
Drivers slow down.
Drivers speak English.
Drivers speak little or no English.
Drivers specify the amount of material to be spread on the roadway with the touch of a button.
Drivers speed around the track, neck to neck, up until the finish line.
Drivers spend hours managing the process by hand.
Drivers start working on a semi-interactive simulator during their second day of training.
Drivers stay on the job after the regular workday has ended.
Drivers steer their cars around the winding track, guided by the sideboards.
Drivers still have full movement of their heads while wearing the device.
Drivers still have reasonable freedom to select their speed and lane of operation.
Drivers still have some protections under the Fourth Amendment.
Drivers still have to pay for their own parking, insurance, gasoline and other on-road expenses.
Drivers still have two attempts to better their new record tomorrow.
Drivers still start their engines with a rope and still have to service lower units.
Drivers stop and let an ambulance pass carrying one of the victims.
Drivers stop at designated stops only.
Drivers stop if they see an elderly person step off the curb.
Drivers stop in the middle of the street so pedestrians can cross at the post office.
Drivers stop on signal to pick up or discharge passengers along any of the routes.
Drivers stop only at designated bus stops.
Drivers stop their cars and stand as well.
Drivers stop their cars to watch, and passers-by linger.
Drivers suits mandatory.
Drivers support multiple boards in a system.
Drivers swerve around speed humps into bicycle lanes to avoid damage to their vehicle.
Drivers tailgate and run red traffic lights.
Drivers tailgate each other like a redneck family pursuing a groom for a shotgun wedding.
Drivers take a terrible risk when speeding through work areas.
Drivers take an average of four loads a day, a total of eight loading or unloading processes.
Drivers take note.
Drivers taking classes in driving have lower accident rates.
Drivers talk mostly about their horses.
Drivers tell hardware and software how and what to do.
Drivers tell interesting stories of houses and people, giving a good background of the area.
Drivers tend to agree.
Drivers tend to be aggressive, so drive carefully.
Drivers tend to be determined and decisive.
Drivers tend to be transient, like tires.
Drivers tend to drive faster when other cars are around.
Drivers tend to follow one another much more closely than they do in the Midwest.
Drivers tend to give a group of cyclists a wider berth than somebody who is riding alone.
Drivers tend to have more losses if they live where there's a high rate of accidents or vandalism.
Drivers tend to have more time and are more relaxed then.
Drivers tend to hug the middle and drive too fast resulting in lots of head on collisions.
Drivers tend to ignore two basic rules of driving on a road.
Drivers tend to ignore unwarranted stop signs.
Drivers test their skills on a competitive course.
Drivers then eat and rest before returning to drive.
Drivers then park and sleep along the entrances and exits.
Drivers there don t have time to slow down, much less pull over.
Drivers think nothing of riding on the wrong side of the street against the flow of traffic.
Drivers toss cigarette butts, food wrappers and junk mail out car windows.
Drivers travel fast, passing on blind corners with much use of their horns.
Drivers travel faster than ever for a number of reasons, the experts say.
Drivers traveling alone can be particularly vulnerable.
Drivers try to avoid pulling up behind city buses, often targets of terrorism.
Drivers try to avoid such crises, but adding multiple horses increases problems.
Drivers try to make up for the delay by speeding up between stop controlled intersections.
Drivers turn off the meter in such circumstances and generally turn on the charm.
Drivers turn over the cold engines of their school buses.
Drivers typically carry a power dissipation penalty.
Drivers undergo and extensive interview process, and background investigation.
Drivers use amber lights as a guide to anticipate the green bulb coming on.
Drivers use any scrap of road to get ahead.
Drivers use it instead of a speedometer to determine how fast they are going.
Drivers use private driveways to turn-around as turning areas at road ends are limited.
Drivers use special equipment to secure the load for travel.
Drivers use the left side of the road in Guyana.
Drivers use the software to determine alternative routes around pile-ups or roadworks.
Drivers use their horns quite often, which is probably to compensate for the lack of traffic laws.
Drivers use their own cars, placing a magnetic sign on the door for easy identification.
Drivers use their own vehicle.
Drivers use various signals to show their driving intentions.
Drivers using cellular phones are four times more likely to have an accident than other drivers.
Drivers view of the road, as taken through the front window.
Drivers view the signs and take the appropriate action.
Drivers wait five minutes for passengers.
Drivers wave thanks to other drivers.
Drivers wear as many as three layers' worth of firesuit, plus fire-resistant underwear.
Drivers wear uniforms and vehicles are clearly marked for easy identification.
Drivers wear visor-like headsets.
Drivers wind up for the final push.
Drivers work on establishing a comfortable driving line and building speed.
Drivers wrestle with unbelief, but when they finally believe and try, they find that they can.
Drivers frequently have unexpected encounters with cyclists, pedestrians and livestock.
Drivers frequently pull out or change lane without signalling.
Drivers often are able to reach destinations quicker, and save time, money and fuel in the process.
Drivers often cruise past the student observers, point to their own seatbelt or tug on it.
Drivers often flash their brights at oncoming motorists whose headlights are switched off.
Drivers often get special discounts and consideration.
Drivers often make equipment changes so they can be more comfortable in the cockpit.
Drivers often move to the left to make a right turn.
Drivers often operate poorly maintained vehicles on crowded, pot holed streets.
Drivers often operate poorly maintained vehicles on crowded, potholed streets.
Drivers often pull into bus stops to wait for a friend, buy a cup of coffee or use a bank machine.
Drivers often say that the most important thing is to have done it, to know how to win.
Drivers often stop their cars without warning to allow a pedestrian to hitch a ride.
Drivers often take longer routes to destinations.
Drivers often take out their frustrations on other drivers, psychologists say.
Drivers often travel at extremely high rates of speed and accidents are frequent.
Drivers often travel at extremely high rates of speed, and accidents are frequent.
Drivers often zig zag on warm-up laps to heat up their tires.
Drivers sometimes ignore a black flag.
Drivers sometimes pass on hill crests, blind curves, or in oncoming traffic.
Drivers usually effect their turns without the necessity of being directed by the officer.
Drivers usually race to win.
All driver gladly accept all major credit cards.
All drivers accept the risk of death or injury.
All drivers also participate in our driver training and driver safety programs.
All drivers are at risk for fall-asleep crashes.
All drivers are capable tour guides.
All drivers are concerned about the high cost of auto insurance.
All drivers are courteous, prompt, well-groomed, and highly knowledgeable of the entire Bay Area.
All drivers are currently volunteers.
All drivers are different and they have to figure that out.
All drivers are downloadable with full listings of printers supported.
All drivers are ferrofluid cooled for greater power handling capacity.
All drivers are in a state of tension.
All drivers are in pit.
All drivers are in the city upon completion of their initial run.
All drivers are interested in getting real-time traffic information.
All drivers are knowledgeable about the use of the bike racks.
All drivers are responsible for all crew members.
All drivers are responsible for completing details of trips in the logbook kept in the vehicle.
All drivers are responsible for making sure children are properly secured.
All drivers are retired police officers.
All drivers are solely responsible for having their karts on the starting grid.
All drivers are subject to the company's . . . .
All drivers are subject to traffic regulations of the respective institutions.
All drivers are the same, they want to race.
All drivers are to attend a drivers meeting before each pull.
All drivers are to be at the pull site one hour before the pull is to start.
All drivers are to be conversant with the ARA Code for the Towing of Boat Trailers.
All drivers are up to date.
All drivers are usually freeware.
All drivers are volunteers.
All drivers assume a number of responsibilities.
All drivers can import goods for their own personal use.
All drivers can speak fluent English.
All drivers carry logbooks.
All drivers do.
All drivers have a preferred level of risk which they maintain as a target.
All drivers have clean records.
All drivers have low distortion, high power handling, and linearity well beyond their ranges of use.
All drivers have the same rights regardless of race or skin color.
All drivers have to do is make sure the video camera sees their face.
All drivers have to pass a minibus driving assessment and attend a driver training session.
All drivers have to realize that frustration and inattention can easily lead to crashes.
All drivers have to work a week-end shift.
All drivers have to work.
All Drivers Here is a list of free software printer drivers.
All drivers know of ways to save on gasoline but here are some reminders.
All drivers know the problem - poor rear vision due to wet or dirty mirrors.
All drivers originate from the La Crosse area.
All drivers own cars.
All drivers pay for their own gas, oil, car washes and other expenses.
All drivers pay taxes.
All drivers prefer signalised intersections when having to cross busy roads.
All drivers prerun their routes prior to the start of the school year.
All drivers pull motors, dump fuel and wipe down motors of grease.
All drivers push to the limit and run the risk of injury or death.
All drivers receive adequate training when hired to drive the WV route.
All drivers risk impairment when consuming alcohol.
All drivers tested are the most recent ones downloaded directly from the Internet.
All drivers then get some points.
Any driver can spin another driver out to win.
Any driver wants to get the best car insurance rates possible.
Every driver can help.
Every driver has a book outlining every zone in our zone system .
Every driver has an excellent safety record and provides a professional, but approachable service.
Every driver has one anyway.
Every driver has to leave the paddock and pass that stand to get to the pits.
Every driver has.
Every driver is free to use and copy.
Every driver is guilty of an act that can be blamed on a momentary lapse in judgment.
Every driver is issued a computer generated race summary after each race.
Every driver is paired with an instructor which runs ahead of the driver's car.
Every driver is responsible for sharing the road safely with other road users.
Every driver is trained and approved by the police.
Every driver knows that being cited for a moving violation is expensive and inconvenient.
Every driver needs a win here to attain quarter-mile greatness.
Every driver needs to know that their habits are up to the task.
Every driver operating a vehicle is individually responsible for their health when driving.
Every driver wants to win, but nobody more so than Earnhardt.
Many drivers adhere to two basic fallacies about driving.
Many drivers allege that the dispatcher only notifies favorite drivers who tip well.
Many drivers already have.
Many drivers also have the official bilingual street map at hand for reference.
Many drivers also oppose the black box, calling it an invasion of their privacy.
Many drivers also try to keep up appearances when they are driving.
Many drivers are already available.
Many drivers are already well know at least in their home countries.
Many drivers are available to download from the manufacturer's Web site.
Many drivers are inexperienced and the surface is very bumpy.
Many drivers are too busy watching other motorists to notice pedestrian activity.
Many drivers are unaware of how insurance companies find out about their traffic violations.
Many drivers are unaware of the new rules and their implications.
Many drivers are unaware of the rules and their implications.
Many drivers ask why they have to wait so long for a signal to change.
Many drivers believe they can stay awake by rolling down the window or turning up the radio.
Many drivers carry a sleep debt and are susceptible to drowsiness while driving.
Many drivers complain that the device is too cumbersome and bulky for a comfortable ride.
Many drivers cope with the stress of long commutes by harassing other drivers.
Many drivers deny they fell asleep after an accident.
Many drivers dislike the rain, and such conditions can often turn the competition into a lottery.
Many drivers do notice cyclists.
Many drivers equate it to having a baby.
Many drivers exceed the speed limit on all roads.
Many drivers fail to plan their daily trips.
Many drivers feel rather strange when they talk to their cars for the first time.
Many drivers feel safer in a truck than in a car.
Many drivers find it a great challenge and variety is the spice of life.
Many drivers find that a set of all-season radials works well.
Many drivers get angry when they are followed too closely.
Many drivers get very rude and agitated as they do nothing but sit in traffic.
Many drivers give up quite a bit of time by entering late or pinching the exit.
Many drivers habitually carry a piece of cotton waste in their palms all the time.
Many drivers have a clock in their boat that they use for timing themselves as well.
Many drivers have a particular track, or two, where they always seem to run well.
Many drivers have no coverage at all.
Many drivers honk, wave and smile to show their support while children chase after the bubbles.
Many drivers ignore a busy mid-block crosswalk in Silver Spring, Maryland.
Many drivers ignore basic rules of the road, making driving an exciting but dangerous experience.
Many drivers ignore their transmissions until their is a major problem.
Many drivers lose money rather than become among the wealthiest people in the country.
Many drivers lose their cool and recklessly disregard the safety of themselves and other drivers.
Many drivers make changes to their harness system for comfort and to adjust it to their size.
Many drivers make it a point to attend.
Many drivers miss the apex by a car length or so.
Many drivers mistakenly believe that there is a grace period for paying auto insurance premiums.
Many drivers mortgage their homes.
Many drivers naturally prefer riders who speak their native language.
Many drivers neglect potential danger, especially when they turn left at intersections.
Many drivers never seem to carry enough.
Many drivers operate the hydraulics as a matter of course when stopping.
Many drivers panic when they feel the pulsating sensation of ABS in their leg.
Many drivers persist in coming into the parking lot and then truning their cars around.
Many drivers press the limits, driving fast, leaving little margin for error.
Many drivers provide their own fuel, but others rely on tracks hosting the event.
Many drivers refuse to attend funerals.
Many drivers say openly that their main desire is to keep their cars from running off the course.
Many drivers say something has to be done.
Many drivers say they are concerned about their safety and want something done about the speeders.
Many drivers sit on sheepskin seat covers for comfort.
Many drivers spare no expletives in voicing their objections to being stopped.
Many drivers start the bus and pull out before the passenger is seated.
Many drivers take risks on the road even though they know accidents loom.
Many drivers tend to drive somewhat faster than posted speed limits, no matter what the limits are.
Many drivers tend to think and drive like they are the only ones on the road.
Many drivers think they can get ugly without any fear of retaliation.
Many drivers think they can simply start driving once the suspension period is over.
Many drivers try switching to a better car or hiring a more experienced crew.
Many drivers try to correct the part-throttle ping by purchasing higher octane fuels.
Many drivers wave and show their support by beeping their horns.
Many drivers welcome overtime, but no one appreciates an overcooked dinner.
Many drivers welcome the bypass idea.
Many drivers work split shifts.
More drivers are under development.
More drivers equal more radio listeners in drive time, which equals higher billing.
More drivers go out on the track.
More drivers means more work, which means more time.
More drivers push their luck to get through the longer yellow.
More drivers race side by side, allowing less room to maneuver.
Most driver do.
Most drivers accelerate between intersections to make up for the time lost at the stop sign.
Most drivers accept it as harmless close quarters racing.
Most drivers already have their cell phones to worry about.
Most drivers approve of the cameras.
Most drivers are apprehensive about change, but they are just trying to make it better.
Most drivers are available as a free download from the vendors web site.
Most drivers are available off the manufacturer's website.
Most drivers are aware of aerodynamic wiper lift.
Most drivers are fully capable of eyeballing oncoming traffic.
Most drivers are independent operators.
Most drivers are less alert at night, especially after midnight.
Most drivers are reasonable and prudent.
Most drivers are responsible and prudent.
Most drivers are very courteous and many even enjoy watching a group of bikes go down the road.
Most drivers can avoid receiving a traffic citation by simply obeying the traffic regulations.
Most drivers can swear fluently in three languages.
Most drivers claim they're good, competent, and safe.
Most drivers comply with the Ohio law by purchasing automobile insurance.
Most drivers deliver only for the firm.
Most drivers disappear quickly after qualifying.
Most drivers do a terrific job on the road.
Most drivers don t drive, but just aim their vehicles in the intended direction.
Most drivers don t expect compensation, but it doesn t hurt to offer.
Most drivers drive at a speed they consider comfortable regardless of the posted speed limit.
Most drivers drive too fast at night.
Most drivers employ personal trainers that monitor their workouts and their diets.
Most drivers even do a resonable job of converting a color bitmap to a greyscale representation.
Most drivers fail to look in the right direction during a skid or far enough ahead while driving.
Most drivers feel annoyance toward other drivers at some point while they're driving.
Most drivers feel they're in control of their own destiny.
Most drivers find that buying a taxicab is a smart investment.
Most drivers has a large impedance peak at it's resonance.
Most drivers hate it because it saps throttle response.
Most drivers have a mobile phone.
Most drivers have a racing background.
Most drivers have a set of tools.
Most drivers have contract that calls for a salary plus a percentage of the winnings.
Most drivers have experience in driving passenger vehicles.
Most drivers have much more on their minds than trying to cause other drivers problems.
Most drivers have only a few years' experience.
Most drivers ignore the port registration table if they are given an explicit address.
Most drivers insist on trying to beat the traffic by changing lanes a lot.
Most drivers know they are driving illegally when they are stopped.
Most drivers learn by trail and error.
Most drivers make a sincere effort to yield to the emergency vehicle.
Most drivers never get a chance to race anyone out of their league.
Most drivers never work on their automobiles themselves.
Most drivers now run fine with kgicon, and the remaining bugs are mostly in fbcon itself.
Most drivers only use the horn to avoid an accident.
Most drivers own their cabs and many drive vans suitable for large groups.
Most drivers prefer spotters who have spent time behind the wheel.
Most drivers prefer to wear 'casual' or 'smart casual' clothes in the evenings and at weekends.
Most drivers probably feel that they drive well.
Most drivers seem to choose what they feel to be appropriate music for certain situations.
Most drivers speak English.
Most drivers speed up in that section where the lanes widen.
Most drivers support commands for modifying the appearance of the video.
Most drivers take only a few seconds to recover, but the recovery time increases as people age.
Most drivers tend to travel the speed they believe to be reasonable and prudent.
Most drivers think accidents and roadside breakdown happen during other people's vacations.
Most drivers think seat belts on buses pose a significant safety hazard.
Most drivers think they have plenty of time and pull out in front of a motorcycle.
Most drivers try to avoid ending up in the middle of nowhere.
Most drivers underestimate their own road mistakes and overestimate their competence.
Most drivers understand English.
Most drivers use a ring shaped magnet that is made of a ferrous ceramic material.
Most drivers volunteer to work one or two times per week.
Most drivers walk away relatively unhurt, thanks to rigid safety standards.
Some drivers accept American funds.
Some drivers also have mid-day routes for kindergarten and other programs.
Some drivers alternate with someone else and drive every other month.
Some drivers are actually bug fixes.
Some drivers are also guides, especially for general sightseeing.
Some drivers are available to beta customers only.
Some drivers are better than others.
Some drivers are in ZIP format.
Some drivers are more conscientious than others about keeping pit road as safe as it can be.
Some drivers are more conscientious than others about keeping pit road safe.
Some drivers are more prone to accidents because of their regular carelessness and risk taking.
Some drivers are particular about their comfort, and they have to try it and feel good about it.
Some drivers are quicker than others in getting their bus organized in the fall.
Some drivers are still available for download.
Some drivers are total nutcases.
Some drivers are very non-resistant to aggressive moves by others, while some are downright mean.
Some drivers believe the greenhouse area has gotten very cramped and possibly more dangerous.
Some drivers believe they can cure infections by drinking soapy water.
Some drivers buy trucks and set up their own business or become independent contractors.
Some drivers can drive the trace a little better than others.
Some drivers carefully maneuver their vehicles to the side of the road as though inwardly directed.
Some drivers cause problems in paying for petrol.
Some drivers cherish the moment for family time.
Some drivers climb out of their trucks to get the latest news and catch a cool breeze.
Some drivers continue to speed in spite of the undulations.
Some drivers creep along and stop to look at every little animal they see.
Some drivers do increase traction by using borium on the toes and heels of the horse's shoes.
Some drivers encounter turtles.
Some drivers enjoy all that Las Vegas has to offer.
Some drivers escape accidents with only crushed fenders and broken windshields.
Some drivers face severe penalties on more serious charges.
Some drivers feel relieved once they stop driving because the problem is being dealt with.
Some drivers feel that conditions are good enough, while others are still concerned.
Some drivers forget that their mirrors hang out further than their fenders.
Some drivers get a warning.
Some drivers get upset, some wait and pass safely.
Some drivers have a dome instead of a cone.
Some drivers have a real comfort zone for lighter loads, too.
Some drivers have a set of two or more self-extracting archives.
Some drivers have certain tracks they like and tracks where they get around well.
Some drivers have more than one way to find out how their physical device is configured.
Some drivers have sales and customer relations responsibilities.
Some drivers have thier own installers.
Some drivers here are reckless and rude, especially in a major city.
Some drivers honk every time they come up behind another vehicle or a person on a bicycle.
Some drivers idle their trucks all day, every day, no matter what the temperature is.
Some drivers just like to drive, regardless of where they finish.
Some drivers like to go and try different things.
Some drivers like to take the pizza out of the hot bag to let it cool down a bit.
Some drivers look at the rough water as an obstacle.
Some drivers look the other way when they see discipline problems.
Some drivers lose the ability to drive safely because they suffer from dementia.
Some drivers lose their temper on the road.
Some drivers make the mistake of always using low beams.
Some drivers move into related local trucking and dispatching operations.
Some drivers play air guitar, air drums, or dance.
Some drivers prefer to add a sandbag or two in the trunk.
Some drivers question if the improvements over the past decade are worth all the headaches.
Some drivers reach for their small change.
Some drivers require that kids bags be placed in the trunk, for example.
Some drivers resist moving over for an over-taking car when they feel they are racing for position.
Some drivers routinely drive aggressively or offensively without thinking about other drivers.
Some drivers save for years or pool their resources to buy a medallion.
Some drivers scrupulously avoid drafts in practice to get a better read on solo speed.
Some drivers skip runs to go home early.
Some drivers still fit that description.
Some drivers still speed through toll plazas.
Some drivers suffer from emotional or mental disorders, and some are immature and inexperienced.
Some drivers take their anger out on the roadways.
Some drivers take unnecessary risks in an attempt to cut down on their travel time.
Some drivers treat the host differently.
Some drivers try to help out others by signaling when it is safe to pass.
Some drivers wear headsets to maintain radio contact with their pit.
Some drivers work evenings and after midnight.
Some drivers work part-time shifts.
Drivers education offers students an alternative to being taught by their parents.
Drivers licence Be.
Drivers licence is essential.
All drivers licenses issued in the U.S. require that the applicant pass an eye examination.
A driveshaft is a shaft
Driveshafts are fairly heavy, they can be quite long, and they turn at high speeds.
A driveway is a road
Driveway can meander up the grade through the trees to the back bay side.
Driveway is a premier provider of file storage, access and sharing on the Internet.
Driveway is already in place.
Driveway is before school.
Driveway is before the inn.
Driveway is before the Inn.
Driveway is circular and the front and rear yard is spacious.
Driveway is first right.
Driveway is free of snow.
Driveway is gentle to a level lot.
Driveway is in with a seasonal pond.
Driveway is in, trenching for the electric and water system is in.
Driveway is in.
Driveway is just before the gas station.
Driveway is just beyond house.
Driveway is on north side of road.
Driveway is on right.
Driveway is on the left.
Driveway is on the right just before the flashing yellow traffic light.
Driveway is on the right, just before the house.
Driveway is on the South side of the road.
Driveway is patterned concrete.
Driveway is paved.
Driveway is safe, secure, and private.
Driveway is sign-posted.
Driveway is the first entrance on the left.
Driveway is the first right.
Driveway is the latest to move beyond simple storage.
Driveway is the leader in personal Internet file storage.
Driveway is there.
Driveway is to the right .
Driveway isa road.
Driveways add value to a home and influence a buyer's first impressions.
Driveways are less clearly delineated and sidewalks are eliminated.
Driveways are located in cars.
Driveways are located in cities.
Driveways are located in neighborhoods.
Driveways are located in subdivisions.
Driveways are located in suburbs.
Driveways are located in yards.
Driveways are roads.
Driveways are the most dangerous part of a sidewalk.
Driveways are their responsibility of the individual property owner.
Driveways are used for cars.
Driveways are used for garage sales.
Driveways are used for motor vehicles.
Driveways are used for parking.
Driveways are used for pickups.
Driveways are used for trucks.
Driveways create an intersection where they cross sidewalks.
Driveways have (part) readsides.
Driveways have (part) safety islands.
Driveways have (part) safety isles.
Driveways have (part) safety zones.
Driveways have (part) traffic circles.
Driveways have (part) traffic islands.
Driveways lead to nowhere.
Driveways usually link to shared lanes that branch from the new main road.
Every driveway has a mini-van and a pickup truck.
Some driveways contain heavy metal.
Some driveways contain metal.
Some driveways provide light.
Driving belts are belts.
Driving license is a permit
Most driving licenses are sufficient for short stays.
A driving school is a school
Driving schools are also good partners.
Driving schools are schools.
Driving schools have their hands full.
Some driving schools do, but they charge a premium for it.
Driving  braking.
Driving  crashs.
Driving  distractions.
Driving  lighting pipes.
Driving  night blindness.
Driving  parallel parking.
Driving  reads.
Driving  smoking cigarettes.
Driving  smoking.
Driving  stalls.
Driving  steers.
Driving  studies.
Driving  turns.
Driving  wear.
Driving are actions.
Driving are dragoonings.
Driving are fun.
Driving are steering.
Driving are travel.
Driving cause accidents.
Driving cause boredom.
Driving cause death.
Driving cause fatigue.
Driving cause injuries.
Driving cause movings.
Driving cause tension headaches.
Driving cause traffic accidents.
Driving cause traffic jam.
Driving cause transportation.
Driving cause tunnel vision.
Drizzle beets with the basil butter oil.
Drizzle dressing over salad, toss again and serve.
Drizzle falls from clouds.
Drizzle falls from stratus clouds.
Drizzle glase over pecans.
Drizzle greens with lime dressing.
Drizzle has (part) diamond dust.
Drizzle has (part) frost mist.
Drizzle has (part) frost snow.
Drizzle has (part) ice crystal.
Drizzle has (part) ice needles.
Drizzle has (part) raindrops.
Drizzle has (part) snow mist.
Drizzle is rain
Drizzle is rain.
Drizzle isa rain.
Drizzle isa rainfall.
Drizzle mushrooms with the marinade.
Drizzle rolls with glaze when cool.
Drizzle salads with desired amount of dressing.
Drizzle salads with dressing and sprinkle with remaining cheese.
Drizzle salads with dressing and sprinkle with remaining cup cheese.
Drizzle salads with dressing.
Drizzle scallops with melted butter.
Drizzle slices with topping, allowing some topping to pool on plate.
Drizzle tomatoes with oil and season with salt and pepper to taste.
Drizzle tops with olive oil and toss.
Drizzle vinegar over.
Drizzle wedges with olive oil and grill on both sides.
Drizzles fudge topping over pudding layer in a decorative pattern.
Most drizzle falls from clouds.
Most drizzle falls from stratus clouds.
Some drizzle causes problems.
A drogue parachute is a parachute
Drogue parachute remains undeployed to prevent line tangle.
Most droid mechanics are shy and aloof among organics.
A dromaeosaur is a dinosaur
Dromaeosaurs are part of the theropod group of dinosaurs.
Dromaeosaurs are possibly the closest known relatives of birds.
Dromaeosaurs belong to the family of meat-eating dinosaurs known as therapods.
Dromaeosaurs lack mobile shoulder and pectoral girdles.
Dromaeosaurs share a common ancestor with the stock that spawned Archaeopteryx.
A drome is a field
Drome also carries quality used and consignment equipment, and specializes in vintage guitars.
A dromedary is a camel
Dromedaries are able to conserve water in a variety of ways.
Dromedaries are induced ovulators .
Dromedaries are mainly active during daylight hours.
Dromedaries are primarily browsers.
Dromedaries have only one hump and flourish in the deserts of north Africa and the Middle East.
Dromedaries have only one hump, while Bactrian camels have two.
Dromedaries tend to travel by walking single file.
A dronabinol is a psychoactive drug
Dronabinol is administered orally in capsule form.
Dronabinol is approved to ease nausea in people undergoing chemotherapy.
Dronabinol is insoluble in water and is formulated in sesame oil.
Dronabinol is the same chemically as one of the active chemicals in marijuana.
Dronabinol passes into breast milk.
Dronabinol seems slow to stimulate the munchies and control nausea, some patients report.
Dronabinols are antiemetic.
Dronabinols are psychoactive drugs.
Drone accompaniments are the norm.
Drone ants are the male members within an ant colony.
Drone bees are completely useless for everything except reproduction.
Drone bees have eyes.
Most drone bees have eyes.
Some drone bees mate with queens.
Drone brood are preferred, but worker brood are also infested.
Drone brood has a capped phase that is three days longer than the worker bees.
Drone cells are larger than worker cells because drones are large, almost twice as big as a worker.
Drone cells are slightly larger than worker cells .
Drone critics argue that regular citizen behaviors can easily be mistaken for militant signatures.
Drone larvae are larger, and are fed a diet heavier in pollen.
Drone larvae grow larger than either workers or queens and, therefore, require more food.
Drone music is the same a trance music - they both put the listener is a different mood.
A drone pipe is a pipe
Drone pipe has no holes and produces one low, continuous tone.
Drone reeds are brass bodied with plastic tongues.
Drone tongues are shorter too.
A drone is a bee
Drone isa bee.
Drones also have civilian uses, such as for firefighting.
Drones also lack a stinger of any kind.
Drones are a dime a dozen.
Drones are abundant for mating in the fall, and weather conditions are optimal for mating.
Drones are banished from the hive before winter begins.
Drones are bees.
Drones are drones.
Drones are especially valuable when someone is learning to sing in a non-twelve scale.
Drones are fertile male honey bees.
Drones are haploid .
Drones are haploid and have one allele.
Drones are haploid clones, gaining all of their genetic material from their mother.
Drones are larger than workers and have bigger eyes.
Drones are larger than workers, but smaller than queen honey bees.
Drones are larger, male bees.
Drones are male, while workers and queens are female.
Drones are part of bagpipes.
Drones are pipes.
Drones are produced rapidly and in large numbers.
Drones are program-guided while RPVs are piloted from a distance by operators.
Drones are programmed to automatically land slowly, a necessity for propellor-based craft.
Drones are queer fathers, for they do no work.
Drones are raised in cells that are significantly larger than the cells used for workers.
Drones are remote controlled.
Drones are retired aircraft modified for remote control flight.
Drones are stout male bees that have no stingers.
Drones are the colony's male bees.
Drones are the male bees and their sole function is to mate with the queen, after which they die.
Drones are the male caste of honey bees.
Drones are the males.
Drones are the noisiest of the honeybee clan, producing a loud buzz as they move around.
Drones are the only male bees in the hive.
Drones are the product of unfertilized eggs laid normally in the larger cells of the comb.
Drones are unique.
Drones are wasps that are bigger than men.
Drones become sexually mature about twelve days after emerging and die instantly upon mating.
Drones can fly at extremely high altitudes to avoid detection.
Drones can help in disaster relief by providing intelligence across an affected area.
Drones come from non-fertilized eggs.
Drones come in four forms.
Drones deliver death out of a clear blue sky.
Drones die after successfully mating with a virgin queen.
Drones die after they have mated.
Drones die immediately after mating.
Drones exhibit the cordovan characteristic with only a single cordovan allele.
Drones fly from the hive and mate in the air with queens from other colonies.
Drones fly where people reside.
Drones have (part) air sacs.
Drones have (part) brains.
Drones have (part) carapaces.
Drones have (part) cell membranes.
Drones have (part) cells.
Drones have (part) corpi.
Drones have (part) cytoplasm.
Drones have (part) ears.
Drones have (part) faces.
Drones have (part) flight feathers.
Drones have (part) heads.
Drones have (part) nuclei.
Drones have (part) plasma membranes.
Drones have (part) quill feathers.
Drones have (part) sections.
Drones have (part) shells.
Drones have (part) skulls.
Drones have (part) thoraxes.
Drones have (part) vacuoles.
Drones have a flight range of up to six kilometers with flights of five common.
Drones have eyes.
Drones have functions.
Drones have large eyes used to locate queens during mating flights.
Drones have no stinger, pollen baskets, or wax glands.
Drones have reproductive functions.
Drones have the highest proline level, followed by the queens and the workers.
Drones live the shortest lives of the three castes of honey bees.
Drones mate only once in life, then die.
Drones mate with queens.
Drones multiply out of the encrypted hum, dross glints with gold.
Drones stay in the hive until about eight days old, then begin to take orientation flights.
Drones take slightly longer.
Drones turn right when they hit walls.
Drones usually live five to ten weeks.
All drones are drawn in scale for size indication.
All drones are male.
Most drones have eyes.
Most drones have functions.
Most drones have reproductive functions.
Most drones mate with queens.
Some drones have stingers.
Some drones help habitats.
Droning strings lead into the Tension Zone , another murky, softly haunted place.
Drool flows at the thought of flying down the twisting trail.
Drool is nonsense
Drool occurs primarily in two instances.
Droop flowers bloom in early summer.
Droop flowers bloom in summer.
A droop is an imprint
Droop favors the larger voting blocs.
Droop occurs on most or all of the crown, rather than in a localized area.
Drop attacks are probably fictional.
Drop attacks are seizures in which the child falls or is thrown to the ground.
Drop attacks are very serious.
Drop box is available during business hours only.
Drop box is available outside the church.
Drop boxes are a very convenient method for an instructor to accept assignments electronically.
Drop boxes are also available on campus for payment of tuition and fees by check or money order.
Drop boxes are also available to make payments.
Drop boxes are available at all campuses for after hours payment drops.
Drop boxes are available at all locations.
Drop boxes are available for early check-outs at both offices.
Drop boxes are available for payments made after hours.
All drop boxes have the same height and depth.
DROP CALL Ends an active call due to a weak signal.
Drop ceilings are also possible, but usually more expensive than other alternatives.
Drop ears are a disqualification.
Drop ears are covered with long fur , and the heavily furred tail is carried curled over the back.
Drop ears fall to just below eye level.
A drop earring is an earring
Drop earrings are very sexy because they accentuate the neck, and diamond studs light up the face.
Drop forging produces the ultimate tensile strength in industrial wheels.
Drop menu are usually selectable list of locations.
Drops of water begin dripping.
Drops of water cause no reaction.
Drops of water fall from the mountain.
Drops of water fall into our brimming bowl with soft picks and pucks.
Drops of water give no reaction.
Drops of water produce no reaction.
Drops of water turn a mill, singly none, singly none.
Every drop of water contains microscopic zooplankton which are a vital component of the food chain.
Every drop of water contains microscopic zooplankton, which are a vital component of the food chain.
Every drop of water has to pass through the filter and every drop leaves a chemical residue.
Every drop of water is part of a never-ending cycle.
Every drop of water passes through the system and is thoroughly filtered.
Every drop of water seems exactly in the right place.
Every drop of water wasted is a drop less of wild and scenic river, a drop less of a salmon run.
Drop outs can occur for a variety of reasons, including tape stock and past usage.
Drop outs imply a heavy cost to the educational system, to girls, and to society.
Drop point stain less blade.
A drop scone is a scone
Drop scones are deadly at short range, and defensive bagels . . .
Drop shadow is a particularly useful item.
Drop shadows add depth to the image without taking up much space.
Drop shadows are also very outdated.
Drop shadows are especially useful to add emphasis to display type on web pages.
Drop shadows are most often decorative in nature, working to enhance an image.
Drop shadows can be colors other than black or gray.
Drop shadows work well, e.g., to emphasize a photograph, letters or buttons.
Drop ship depends on customer requirement.
Drop shipment is possible at regular shipping charges.
Drop shipments are also available from some manufacturers.
Drop shipments are available upon request.
Drop shipments are available.
Drop shipments are no longer available.
Drop shipments are possible upon request.
Drop shipments are to include total quantity ordered for a given item.
Drop shippers arrange for manufacturers to ship large quantities directly to retail customers.
Drop shipping is a form of consignmet selling.
Drop shipping is a great way to sell products without the hassle of inventory or shipping.
Drop shipping is also available upon request.
Drop shipping is one example of an information-driven service.
Drop spindles have their own page.
Drop spindles replace the stock spindles.
Drop spreaders are more accurate than broadcast spreaders.
Drop spreaders are more accurate, but requires more walking.
Drop spreaders are slower, more accurate, and can be used for fertilizing or seeding.
Drop spreaders meter out the fertilizer and drop it directly on the lawn.
Some drop spreaders have a calibration tray that attaches beneath the spreader discharge.
Drop squad is soooooooooo cooool.
Drop structure prevents silt from entering Red River in background.
Drop structures are generally effective when installed as a pair.
Drop structures can either take the form of a chute spillway or a grade control structure.
A drop zone is a zone
Drop Zone can be an interactive teaching tool for students' understanding of the war.
Drop Zone gets long, too.
Drop Zone has large grassy landing field, indoor packing, camping and seasonal pool.
Drop Zone is also a kickass ride thing.
Drop zones are zones.
A drop is a sphere
DROP allows an employee to simultaneously earn a salary and a retirement income.
Drop apples into batter and coat well.
Drop arms down and out to sides.
Drop bagels one at a time into the boiling water.
Drop balls a few at a time into boiling broth.
Drop balls into boiling dashi .
Drop balls into boiling salt water.
Drop balls into boiling water.
Drop balls into egg mixture.
Drop balls into mixture and coat thoroughly.
Drop balls into pot of boiling water.
Drop balls into sugar.
Drop balls on a glass plate.
Drop beignets a few at a time into oil.
Drop biscuits by tablespoon onto greased baking sheet or fill greased muffin cups two-thirds full.
Drop bisquits into greased muffin tins.
Drop briskly the left hand by the side.
Drop bugs on passersby.
Drop buy and visit.
DROP causes the datagram to be discarded.
Drop checkers with a press of the button to get four checkers in a row before the computer does.
Drop chunks into a large pot of cold water.
Drop classes over touch-tone.
Drop clusters onto a greased cookie sheet and allow to cool.
Drop cookes onto ungreased baking sheets.
Drop cookies by heaping spoonfuls onto the prepared cookie sheets.
Drop cookies by heaping tablespoonfuls onto the prepared cookie sheets.
Drop cookies by heaping teaspoonfuls onto a cookie sheet.
Drop cookies by rounded spoonfuls onto ungreased cookie sheets.
Drop cookies by rounded tablespoons onto ungreased cookie sheets.
Drop cookies by tablespoon onto an ungreased cookie sheet.
Drop cookies by tablespoon onto waxed paper.
Drop cookies by the teaspoon on the sheet about an inch apart.
Drop cookies from a teaspoon onto cookie sheet.
Drop cookies from a teaspoon onto ungreased pan.
Drop cookies into bag while still hot and shake to coat.
Drop cookies on foil by rounded teaspoonful.
Drop cookies on lined sheets.
Drop cookies on well-greased cookie sheets and bake until light brown.
Drop countermeasures all throughout the process.
Drop courses officially before the first day of the term to avoid financial penalties.
Drop cutlets into heated deep fryer until golden brown.
Drop dough a teaspoon at a time onto ungreased cookie sheets.
Drop doughnuts in, and fry until brown, turning once.
Drop earrings with matching rose pattern.
Drop ears after six months of age.
Drop eggs immediately into cold water after cooking to hasten the cooling.
Drop eggs onto the boulder to break it open.
Drop elbow macaroni into pot.
Drop elbow to attach downspout to gutter beam.
Drop elbows to attach downspouts to gutter beams.
Drop ends, wd. flr.
Drop ends, wd.
Drop gifts down chimneys as they scroll past below the sleigh.
Drop gnocchi a few at a time into boiling water and cook until they float to the surface.
Drop greens into pan and add a tablespoon of oil.
Drop hints in discussion groups.
Drop hints to sis about dressing up on the date of the shindig.
Drop hyphens and punctuation.
DROP is strictly voluntary and irrevocable.
DROP is strictly voluntary on the part of the employee.
Drop items off to council.
Drop keys in one of the less desirable areas of town.
Drop kids off at school first and bring younger children along.
Drop leaves, a few at a time, into a large pot of boiling salted water.
Drop ma a line for more details.
Drop marbles into the cylinder until it overflows.
Drop marbles on the smooth surface.
Drop objects too close to the sun.
Drop offs to great camping, hiking and mountain biking.
Drop parachutes from an agreed height and record time of landing in seconds on notebook paper.
Drop passes off the heel.
Drop pears into vinegar solution to prevent discoloration.
Drop pebbles into it and count the ripples.
DROP permits the simultaneous payment of salary and retirement.
Drop plans to conduct an extensive shelf reading project.
Drop plans to headline second, third and fourth ice storm anniversaries.
Drop pounds the healthy way with our simple snack and meal ideas and easy, research-based tricks.
Drop privledges most anywhere in North America.
DROP Propagate eof on the output.
Drop raisins into a clear glass of soda pop.
Drop see drag and drop .
Drop seeds around the soil.
Drop sharps in container immediately after use.
Drop sheets foe painting are cheap and work well.
Drop slices into bath and let stand one minute.
Drop slices into hot oil, and cook until golden brown.
Drop slips usually require both an adviser and an instructor's signature.
Drop spoonfuls into hot oil.
Drop spoonfuls into oil-splashed pan and cook on medium heat until golden.
Drop spoonfuls into the pan.
Drop spoonfuls of dough into oil and turn as browns.
Drop spoonfuls of dough onto an oiled baking sheet, about two tablespoons each.
Drop spoonfuls of dough onto an ungreased cookie sheet.
Drop spoonfuls of dough onto an ungreased cooking sheet.
Drop spoonfuls of dough onto baking sheet.
Drop spoonfuls of dough over the blueberries.
Drop spoonfuls on a nonstick griddle or lightly oiled preheated skillet.
Drop spoonfuls on cookie sheet.
Drop spoonfuls onto a greased baking tray.
Drop spoonfuls onto a greased cookie sheet.
Drop spoonfuls onto a greased, heated frypan.
Drop spoonfuls onto a lightly oiled baking sheet.
Drop spoonfuls onto a well-greased cookie sheet.
Drop spoonfuls onto an ungreased cookie sheet, pressing flat.
Drop spoonfuls onto buttered cookie sheet and refrigerate until firm.
Drop spoonfuls onto greased baking sheet.
Drop spoonfuls onto greasy cookie sheets.
Drop spoonfuls onto non-stick cookie tray and flatten a little if needed.
Drop spoonfuls onto ungreased cookie sheets.
Drop spoonfuls onto waxed paper and let cool until set.
Drop spoonfuls onto waxed paper or a tray.
Drop straps optional.
Drop students off at the unloading area.
Drop supplies off with one of the people working the early shift.
Drop tablespoonfuls around edge of baking dish, leaving center uncovered.
Drop tablespoonfuls onto wax paper or aluminum foil.
Drop tomatoes in rapidly boiling water.
Drop turns to heave.
Drop washers over the hold-down bolts and thread on the brass nuts.
Drops are also like bubbles , except they hold liquid instead of a gas , like air .
Drops are also like bubbles, except they hold liquid instead of a gas, like air.
Drops are arguably the most craft-sensitive part of a cable system.
Drops are attributable to depletion of oxide reserves.
Drops are decrease.
Drops are descents.
Drops are gravitation.
Drops are hiding places.
Drops are impossible after the last drop date.
Drops are particles.
Drops are spheres.
Drops are the number-one choice of pediatricians for gas relief.
Drops are the responsibility of the student.
Drops are the traditional way to control glaucoma.
Drops are too heavy for most flowers and can cause damage.
Drops are useful in two circumstances.
Drops are very delicate and vulnerable to outside influences.
Drops are very much in vogue in games where tries are scare.
Drops begin to develop in later stages and sink toward the center.
Drops chain despite professional adjustment.
Drops claim for damages or financial relief.
Drops come in suspension and solution form.
Drops contain no saccharin, no alcohol, and no artificial colors or flavors.
Drops effectively control the vast majority of glaucoma cases.
Drops fall into thick layers of mosses and duf that accumulate on the ancient forest floor.
Drops make ripples.
Drops occur in many different forms.
Drops range from two feet to over ten.
Drops require instructor, department chair and dean approval.
Drops require special forms to be filled out and turned in by certain deadlines .
Drops start new rally.
Drops stay in the eyes for a shorter time, but ointment tends to blur the vision.
All drops require a parent and teacher signature.
All drops supposedly are runnable or easily portaged.
All drops use the same locations.
Every drop belongs to somebody.
Every drop counts There are lots of simple ways to use water wisely in the home and garden.
Every drop counts, especially before a holiday weekend like Memorial Day.
Every drop counts.
Every drop does count.
Every drop has to be collected carefully from wells and streams.
Every drop helps keep the forest less combustible.
Every drop is ancient, nearly as old as the earth itself.
Every drop is precious.
Every drop is soaked up immediately.
Every drop is the quintessence of the ecstasy of stars.
Every drop is wiped up.
Many drops can turn a mill, singly none, singly none.
Many drops make a shower.
Many drops make one pool.
Many drops wear out the stone.
Some drops find quick currents and others discover contemplative, placid pools.
Some drops make bigger ripples but they all disappear in the end.
Droplet transmission can also spread influenza.
Droplet transmission has a specific mechanism of transfer, and droplets are five microns or larger.
A droplet is a drop
Droplet isa indefinite quantity.
Droplets appear on a glass of water because of condensation.
Droplets are drops.
Droplets are great for batch processing.
Droplets are great.
Droplets are the heavier particles resulting from a cough or sneeze.
Droplets can travel up to six feet.
Droplets cling to a solid surface, resisting gravity.
Droplets continue to combine inside the clouds.
Droplets form at the end where they can be collected for further analysis.
Droplets handle batches of graphics just as easily.
Droplets slide down the glass, unheeded.
Droplets transfer the infections.
Some droplets fall to ground, others evaporate in air.
A dropout is a quitter
Dropout count low.
Dropout is lowest among Asian students and highest among Hispanic students.
Dropout typically is seen as tiny white or silver flecks on the video screen.
Dropouts also lose their licenses.
Dropouts are also part of the evaluation of the high school and middle school principals.
Dropouts are down significantly.
Dropouts are five times more likely to have repeated a grade than are high school graduates.
Dropouts are individualists.
Dropouts are more common than on ordinary lines.
Dropouts are more likely to be on welfare or unemployed than high school graduates.
Dropouts are more likely to be unemployed or earning minimum wage salaries.
Dropouts are more likely to receive public assistance than graduates of high school.
Dropouts are on the rise, followed by youth gangs and petty crime.
Dropouts are people.
Dropouts are quitters.
Dropouts are twice as likely to be unemployed as high school graduates.
Dropouts are way down.
Dropouts comprise a disproportionate percentage of the nation' s prison and death row inmates.
Dropouts comprise a disproportionate percentage of the nation's prison and death row inmates.
Dropouts diminish our democracy, our society, and their own opportunities.
Dropouts face a statistically scary future.
Dropouts generally perform below grade level and have problems making social adjustments.
Dropouts have among the lowest voting rates and among the lowest levels of civic participation.
Dropouts have among the lowest voting rates and among the lowest levels of participation.
Dropouts make up nearly half the heads of households on welfare.
Dropouts make up nearly half the prison population.
Dropouts now have few choices to learn valuable skills.
Dropouts rise a net result of computers.
Dropouts typically believe they have little control over their lives.
Dropouts typically start as truants.
Dropouts vary by race Every year, more and more kids quit school in Columbus.
Dropout often occurs in clinical trials with multiple visits.
Dropouts often have a long string of failures that stretch back to the earliest grades.
Any dropout is one too many.
Many dropouts also are eligible for special education programs or services.
Many dropouts are bright, but all are proven quitters, the logic goes.
Most dropouts occur in the first three months.
Most dropouts take place in the first month or two.
Dropped cars are unfortunately a too common experience.
Dropped connections can occur when there is a sharp decrease in line quality during a call.
Dropped courses require instructor approval.
Dropped courses require the instructor's signature.
Dropped dispensers fall away from the aircraft and are stabilized in flight by fin assemblies.
Dropped incisors are the least problematic mouth defect from a functional standpoint.
Dropped pieces are in their unpromoted state.
Dropped pieces can lead to long, sacrificial attacks, almost out of nowhere.
Dropped shots are common here, for there are dangers lurking at every juncture.
Dropped waistline has metal side zipper.
Droppeds are located in floors.
A dropper is a pipette
Dropper is a snap to use.
Dropper isa measuring device.
Droppers have (part) sections.
Droppers have a habit of catching around the main leader.
Droppers then run down each bandoleer.
Droppings are events.
Droppings are fecal matter.
Droppings are movement.
Droppings are physical events.
Drosophila development is very different from sea urchin and frog embryogenesis.
Drosophila development pulls the strings of the cell cycle.
Drosophila embryos develop in the egg membrane.
Drosophila embryos have a tremendous capacity to repair mispatterned tissues.
Drosophila females are capable of storing sperm and using it to fertilize eggs long after mating.
Drosophila species are found all around the world, with more species in the tropical regions.
Drosophila species are prey for many generalist predators such as robber flies .
Drosophila species are small flies, typically pale yellow to reddish brown to black, with red eyes.
Drosophila species vary widely in their reproductive capacity.
Drosophila trio mediates the development of multiple embryonic axon pathways.
Drosophila tumors share several characteristics with malignant neoplasms in vertebrates.
Drought conditions are fire conditions.
Drought conditions are hard on banana plants.
Drought conditions are high during the fall but fire activity is at a minimum.
Drought conditions are still in effect in South Florida despite the recent rains.
Drought conditions can also impact adult pecan weevil emergence.
Drought conditions can have impact.
Drought conditions cause the ponds in which the ferns live to dry up much earlier than usual.
Drought conditions continue in Far West and West Central Texas.
Drought conditions continue to add to the danger.
Drought conditions continue to affect southwest Florida.
Drought conditions continue.
Drought conditions create a major natural resource challenge.
Drought conditions do influence the occurrence of forest fire events in the southwest.
Drought conditions exist in Saskatchewan.
Drought conditions exist in the eastern half of the District.
Drought conditions have a major impact on Washington water providers.
Drought conditions have differing impacts on the community during different times of the year.
Drought conditions make for smaller sized melons.
Drought conditions offer luxury accommodations for grasshoppers.
Drought conditions persist in many northern, central and some southern Peninsula areas.
Drought conditions persist.
Drought conditions prevail across Central Wisconsin in the cranberry production areas.
Drought conditions result in less water in the soil.
Drought conditions retard the winter breeding season and almost eliminate late spring breeding.
Drought conditions stress the oat plants and it becomes much more toxic.
Drought conditions take a toll on the farms and ranches of the Big Island of Hawaii.
Drought conditions tend to concentrate the oils, producing a more potent herb.
Drought conditions tend to decrease the percent of adult females that breed in a given year.
Drought conditions threaten a water shortage next year.
Most drought conditions can have impact.
Drought resistance becomes stronger.
Drought seasons require one or two additional irrigations.
Drought stress affects nut size and filling, as well as leaf and shoot growth.
Drought stress can also cause hardening.
Drought stress can cause abortion of small bolls on heavily fruited cotton.
Drought stress can cause leaf scorch, leaf drop or even branch dieback.
Drought stress can play a big role in that pre-infestation health.
Drought stress can potentially reduce corn yield anytime during corn's developmental stages.
Drought stress can predispose the plant to more serious mite injury.
Drought stress causes bitter flavor.
Drought stress causes the stomates in the leaves to close.
Drought stress increases damage to trees from both lerp psyllids and eucalyptus longhorned borers.
Drought stress influences gas-exchange responses of papaya leaves to rapid light transition.
Drought stress is a leading cause of fruit drop in figs.
Drought stress is evident on the lighter soils.
Drought stress is severe on fields planted for forage.
Drought stress is the biggest potential problem for home lawns in the summer.
Drought stress is thought to aggravate centipedegrass decline.
Drought stress is very obvious in many fields.
Drought stress kills seedlings, as does standing water.
Drought stress leads to oxidative injury and disruption of osmotic balance.
Drought stress leads to thicker cuticles and a reduction or shut down in weed growth.
Drought stress makes corn plants more susceptible to infections from diseases.
Drought stress seems also to be having varying effects depending upon cultivar.
Drought stress selects for a suite of plant traits at root, stem and leaf level.
Drought stress thins out the desirable species, and disease pressure causes the lawn to thin.
Drought tolerance is a characteristic of field bindweed.
Drought tolerance is achieved by several means.
Drought tolerance is an example of an important potential application.
Drought tolerance is excellent.
Drought tolerance is moderate to poor due to a limited root system.
Drought tolerance is related to the extensiveness and depth of the plant s roots.
Drought tolerance is superior to bluegrass.
Drought tolerance varies greatly with turfgrass species and cultivars.
Drought affects all parts of our environment and our communities.
Drought affects areas.
Drought affects crops.
Drought affects environments.
Drought affects growth.
Drought affects human health as well.
Drought affects humans, animals and plants.
Drought affects life.
Drought affects regions.
Drought affects the area surrounding .
Drought affects the area surrounding.
Drought affects the salinity, clarity, and nutrient influx of estuaries.
Drought affects trees.
Drought affects water levels for use by industry, agriculture and individual consumers.
Drought appears to be a major factor causing plants and certain weeds to store nitrate.
Drought appears to be an important factor favouring population increases of glassy cutworm.
Drought appears to be developing in Australia and South Africa.
Drought are mainly course by in low rain areas.
Drought begins throughout North Africa and the Middle East.
Drought brings increased hunger.
Drought brings lower yields and first irrigation system.
Drought brings starvation.
Drought can aggravate or accentuate the diseased condition of a plant.
Drought can be a problem in the grasslands.
Drought can be just as bad as the rain.
Drought cans have impact.
Drought cans have serious impact.
Drought causes a desire to water plants.
Drought causes damage.
Drought causes famine, which contributes to decentralization and unrest.
Drought causes famine.
Drought causes low soil moisture levels, creating ultra-dry brush that catches fires easily.
Drought causes plants to shut down their growth process.
Drought causes problems.
Drought causes reductions.
Drought causes shortages of local food production.
Drought causes starvation.
Drought causes the water table to drop, heavy rains cause it to rise.
Drought causes widespread starvation.
Drought causes wildfires.
Drought changes patterns.
Drought changes weather patterns.
Drought continues in Australia, Indonesia and New Guinea.
Drought continues to be a serious problem for agricultural producers.
Drought continues to be big news.
Drought continues to plague southeastern New Mexico, and other parts of the state are also dry.
Drought continues to worsen across portions of southern Asia.
Drought creates conditions.
Drought creates disasters.
Drought creates effects.
Drought creates environmental conditions.
Drought creates environmental disasters.
Drought creates ideal conditions.
Drought decreases growth, producing a narrower ring.
Drought decreases the availability and abundance of the natural food supply.
Drought deeply affects the land, water, and people of the Southwest.
Drought destroys habitats.
Drought destroys wildlife habitats.
Drought devastates Central America .
Drought devastates farmers.
Drought does amazingly good things for central Pennsylvania s dirt roads.
Drought does more damage than a lot of disaster scenarios.
Drought doesnt help anything.
Drought exacerbates the problem of ensuring a sustainable yield of potable water.
Drought exacerbates the problem, attracting more beetles and causing more intense infestations.
Drought grips the South and East.
Drought has effects.
Drought has impact.
Drought helps family take final step toward expansion.
Drought hits again.
Drought impacts the frequency and the severity of forest fires by setting up ideal fire conditions.
Drought increases erosion.
Drought increases nitrate concentration in plants.
Drought increases the chance for high levels of prussic acid in plants.
Drought increases the chance of winterkill by reducing the volume of water in the lake.
Drought increases the rate of natural die-off of plant roots.
Drought increases wind erosion.
Drought induces oxidative stress in pea plants.
Drought intensifies through positive feedback.
Drought is always a possibility and the lack of water is an ever-present constraint.
Drought is capable of last years.
Drought is common here.
Drought is common.
Drought is dryness
Drought is dryness.
Drought is most severe in Florida.
Drought is natural hazards.
Drought is probably still the challenge in most areas.
Drought is probably the most important factor controlling crop yield worldwide.
Drought is serious business in the desert.
Drought is time periods.
Drought is weather.
Drought isa dryness.
Drought kills mature trees.
Drought kills seedlings.
Drought kills trees.
Drought leads to extinction.
Drought likes company.
Drought occurs in Indonesia, the Philippines and Australia.
Drought occurs in regions.
Drought occurs when transpiration exceeds the plant's ability to supply water through the roots.
Drought portends dangerous and long fire seasons throughout much of the United States.
Drought poses serious hazards to human and wildlife populations in many parts of the world.
Drought produces famine and disease.
Drought puts additional stress into the already stressful job of farming.
Drought reduces effectiveness of triadimefon and triforine.
Drought reduces effectiveness of triadimefon.
Drought reduces habitat quality.
Drought reduces quality.
Drought reduces seed set.
Drought reduces the effectiveness of triadimefon.
Drought refers to a lack of precipitation over an extended time period.
Drought regenerates the soil, producing healthier wetlands once the region again becomes wet.
Drought restricts production to below the sales quota level.
Drought results in loss reductions.
Drought results in reductions.
Drought results in salinity.
Drought seems to be common hereabouts.
Drought stresses in later pod-filling stages in soybean result in a decrease in maximum seed volume.
Drought stresses pearl millet, causing nitrate levels to be higher than normal.
Drought stretches across Indonesia, sparking fires in national forests and a famine in the east.
Drought tends to be localized.
Drought threatens - electrical energy rationed nationwide.
Drought threatens both crop and livestock production.
Drought threatens crops and water supplies.
Drought threatens electrical energy rationed nationwide.
Drought threatens Fla. growers, retailers.
Drought too can be a problem, particularly in the south.
Drought weakens seedlings.
Drought weakens trees.
Drought works within the land as much as upon it.
Droughts accompany both south winds and north winds.
Droughts affect everyone.
Droughts affect insurance only through the impact of land subsidence on buildings.
Droughts affect the growth and productivity of coconuts and breadfruit.
Droughts affect their numbers by killing the plants on which they browse.
Droughts also bring increased problems with insects and diseases to forests and reduce growth.
Droughts also push up production costs for irrigators.
Droughts alter with floods to take a huge toll of human lives.
Droughts are a long time with no rain .
Droughts are a long time with no rain.
Droughts are another devastating type of climate extreme.
Droughts are caused by a depletion of precipitation over time.
Droughts are common and can be very long.
Droughts are common and the region is also prone to earthquakes.
Droughts are common in arid and semiarid lands.
Droughts are common in New Mexico.
Droughts are common.
Droughts are cyclic in the State.
Droughts are dangerous to nature.
Droughts are disasters on a slow fuse.
Droughts are easy do predict and can often be controlled.
Droughts are exceptional meteorological events.
Droughts are frequent here and often prolonged.
Droughts are frequent in the parkland area, varying in duration and degree.
Droughts are inevitable in East Texas.
Droughts are infrequent.
Droughts are longer.
Droughts are recurrent climatic phenomenon.
Droughts are severe.
Droughts are short and infrequent.
Droughts are sure to occur but difficult to predict.
Droughts are widespread in India, Southeast Asia, and especially Australia.
Droughts become severe if several months pass without significant precipitation.
Droughts bring hardships to the both rural and urban communities.
Droughts can actually result in later flooding.
Droughts can affect the abundance of natural bear food.
Droughts can also make it easier for diseases or predators to decimate wildlife populations.
Droughts can also occur in places such as Australia, Indonesia, and southern Africa.
Droughts can be just as severe as rainfall intensities.
Droughts can be meteorological, agricultural, hydrological, or socioeconomical .
Droughts can bring danger to cattle.
Droughts can happen just about anywhere in Australia, but their severity is relative.
Droughts can impact an island over the long term, rather than immediately.
Droughts can lead to wildfires that burn vast areas of forest.
Droughts can make the areas more susceptible to fire.
Droughts can occur.
Droughts can reduce normally significant flows to a trickle.
Droughts can take on a regional context.
Droughts can wreck havoc.
Droughts cause changes to ecosystems.
Droughts cause famines and floods cause death and disease.
Droughts continue to occur over many parts of the globe in varying degrees of severity and duration.
Droughts dry up the swamps so the tortoises die.
Droughts encourage locusts and rodents, while floods foster fungi and mosquitoes.
Droughts exacerbate tensions over land and water use.
Droughts have at least two direct impacts on farmers and ranchers.
Droughts havebecome longer and bursts of precipitation more intense.
Droughts historically occur in the region in cycles.
Droughts increase the potential for wildland fires .
Droughts lessen the sap flow, and the result is often a red-topped pine tree.
Droughts occur and reoccur in the area, as do cycles of above average precipitation.
Droughts occur but are usually short-lived.
Droughts occur every few years and with that comes malnutrition.
Droughts occur frequently.
Droughts occur from time to time and sometimes result in famine.
Droughts occur in Indonesia, Australia, and Africa.
Droughts occur in other, normally moist areas.
Droughts occur regularly in the habitats occupied by the southern hairy-nosed wombat.
Droughts occur when a long period passes without substantial rainfall.
Droughts recur frequently and cause cyclic changes in the flora and fauna of the region.
Droughts reduce or destroy the maize crop.
Droughts soon end.
Droughts still happen, and when they do, babies as well as adults die.
Droughts take their toll on trees.
Droughts tend to do their worst on land that is already arid, and where societies are on the margin.
Droughts tend to drive communities apart.
Droughts vary in length and intensity, and either factor can have a devastating economic impact.
Drought often results in a culling of older and infirm horses.
Drought often results in mass displacements of population.
Drought often stalks trees with little if any notice Falling limbs came first.
Droughts often occur.
Droughts usually take a season or more to develop.
Most drought affects areas.
Most drought affects crops.
Most drought affects environments.
Most drought affects growth.
Most drought affects life.
Most drought affects regions.
Most drought affects trees.
Most drought brings starvation.
Most drought causes damage.
Most drought causes problems.
Most drought causes reductions.
Most drought causes starvation.
Most drought causes widespread starvation.
Most drought causes wildfires.
Most drought creates conditions.
Most drought creates disasters.
Most drought creates effects.
Most drought creates environmental conditions.
Most drought creates environmental disasters.
Most drought creates ideal conditions.
Most drought destroys habitats.
Most drought destroys wildlife habitats.
Most drought has effects.
Most drought has impact.
Most drought increases erosion.
Most drought increases wind erosion.
Most drought kills seedlings.
Most drought kills trees.
Most drought leads to extinction.
Most drought occurs in regions.
Most drought reduces quality.
Most drought weakens seedlings.
Most drought weakens trees.
Some drought affects biomass.
Some drought affects competitive interaction.
Some drought affects interaction.
Some drought affects peanuts.
Some drought affects plant biomass.
Some drought affects total biomass.
Some drought causes crashes.
Some drought causes crops.
Some drought causes other crops.
Some drought contributes to onsets.
Some drought destroys food sources.
Some drought destroys sources.
Some drought drives kangaroos.
Some drought has have impact.
Some drought has have severe impact.
Some drought has knowledge.
Some drought increases availability.
Some drought induces responses.
Some drought kills animals.
Some drought lasts for decades.
Some drought lasts for many years.
Some drought lasts for years.
Some drought limits choices.
Some drought persists for many years.
Some drought persists for years.
Droves are animal groups.
Droves are chisels.
Droves are crowds.
A drover is a hand
Drovers are employed in looking after the livestock while they are travelling on a stock route .
Drovers are employed in looking after the livestock while they are travelling on a stock route.
Most drowning victims aspirate at least some water.
Drowsiness also plays a role in crashes attributed to other causes.
Drowsiness appears to have been a contributing factor in the accident.
Drowsiness can be a symptom of overdosage.
Drowsiness can be severe in some patients, especially in the elderly.
Drowsiness can be severe in some patients.
Drowsiness can even be deadly if sleepy teens choose to drive, the report warns.
Drowsiness can reduce reaction time almost as much as drinking.
Drowsiness can result, leading to possible problems with driving or handling dangerous machinery.
Drowsiness is a cause of accidents and impaired performance in work and study.
Drowsiness is a common side effect of many antihistamines.
Drowsiness is a red alert, driving drowsy is like driving drunk.
Drowsiness is a state
Drowsiness is a symptom of overdose.
Drowsiness is a well-known side affect of the drug, which otherwise suppresses seasickness.
Drowsiness is also a common phenomenon.
Drowsiness is also common.
Drowsiness is common and disappears with time.
Drowsiness is common, and there is often confusion and impairment of consciousness.
Drowsiness is far different from the impaired driving demonstrated in the Iowa study.
Drowsiness is more common in elderly and debilitated patients and in patients receiving high doses.
Drowsiness is one of the greatest killers in interstate highway driving.
Drowsiness is one of the most common side effects of trazodone.
Drowsiness is one sign of carbon monoxide poisoning.
Drowsiness is prominent.
Drowsiness is quite common after a painful injury, especially a bump on the head.
Drowsiness is related to bewilderment-erring.
Drowsiness is the fifth of the armies.
Drowsiness is the major side effect in most patients.
Drowsiness is the most common side effect.
Drowsiness is the most commonly noticed side effect.
Drowsiness is the signal that sleep onset is seconds away.
Drowsiness is the signal to get off the road.
Drowsiness isa state.
Drowsiness kills on highways.
Drowsiness makes driving more difficult by dulling concentration and slowing reaction time.
Drowsiness means a large sleep debt is winning the battle for our mind and brain.
Drowsiness occurs occasionally during initial treatment with some phenothiazines.
Drowsiness occurs rather quickly rendering the victim helpless and vulnerable.
Drowsiness occurs when cells undergo moderate hyperpolarizations.
Drowsiness often disappears with increased dose.
Drowsiness usually goes away within a few days.
Drowsy drivers are a danger to themselves and to others.
Drowsy drivers are as much a menace on the road as drunk drivers.
Drowsy drivers can fall asleep at the wheel with little or no warning.
Some drowsy drivers have the good fortune to regain control of their cars.
D'rrish sex takes too long to explain.
A drudgery is labor
Drudgeries are labor.
Drudgery becomes no part of the labor.
Drudgery breeds hopelessness and despair.
Drudgery evokes it.
Drudgery is one of the finest tests to determine the genuineness of our character.
Drudgery kills delight.
Drug abuse accounts for the vast majority of crimes in Yellowstone County.
Drug abuse affects all aspects of our lives.
Drug abuse affects all sectors of society and countries at all levels of development.
Drug abuse affects an addict in other adverse ways.
Drug abuse affects other psychosocial, economic and behaviourial dimensions.
Drug abuse affects the entire family as well as friends and colleagues.
Drug abuse affects the individual, the family and the whole community.
Drug abuse alters the normal state in two ways.
Drug abuse appears to be minimal, but increasing in Estonia, according to health authorities.
Drug abuse becomes an obvious out growth of such a culture of rejection and pain.
Drug abuse can affect any woman.
Drug abuse can also cause hardship and pain to family, friends, co-workers, and anyone else nearby.
Drug abuse can be a factor which interferes with educational goals of youngsters.
Drug abuse can compromise a teen's mental, emotional and physical development.
Drug abuse can compromise an adolescent's mental and emotional development.
Drug abuse can have serious legal consequences.
Drug abuse can lead to drug dependence or addiction.
Drug abuse can lead to other risky behavior.
Drug abuse can progress to addiction in susceptible individuals.
Drug abuse can range from experimental or social use to dependency and addiction.
Drug abuse continues to be a great concern to law enforcement.
Drug abuse continues to be a subject of major concern for the international community.
Drug abuse continues to ravage our communities, our schools and our children.
Drug abuse destroys families, communities, and lives.
Drug abuse drains the physical and moral strength of America.
Drug abuse erodes public safety because it is often linked to crime.
Drug abuse has a certain set of signs and symptoms.
Drug abuse has a major impact on schoolyard crime.
Drug abuse has a major impact on workplace crime.
Drug abuse has a significant impact on tax dollars.
Drug abuse has widespread effects.
Drug abuse impacts morale, lowers productivity and increases health care costs.
Drug abuse imposes a variety of costs on the Nation.
Drug abuse increases women's risk of being assaulted.
Drug abuse inflicts a high cost on society as a whole.
Drug abuse interferes with motivation and increases exposure to criminal lifestyles.
Drug abuse is a bad habit that destroys communities, families, and lives.
Drug abuse is a biopsychosocial disease.
Drug abuse is a chronic problem.
Drug abuse is a common link between youth and gambling addictions.
Drug abuse is a consequence of something else that has happened in their lives.
Drug abuse is a disorder of the whole person, affecting some or all areas of functioning.
Drug abuse is a form of hedonism, so the hedonism is what is punished.
Drug abuse is a form of witchcraft.
Drug abuse is a global problem affecting all countries and all levels of society.
Drug abuse is a growing problem in Burma.
Drug abuse is a growing problem.
Drug abuse is a highly prevalent though often undetected condition.
Drug abuse is a huge drain on a community s resources.
Drug abuse is a huge problem for our society.
Drug abuse is a killer in our country.
Drug abuse is a major problem within the American workplace, just as it is within society at large.
Drug abuse is a national problem and a target of a nationwide program.
Drug abuse is a problem many young people face.
Drug abuse is a problem that affects every community in America.
Drug abuse is a problem that lies in the workplace, but also effects our society.
Drug abuse is a problem.
Drug abuse is a real problem.
Drug abuse is a reality throughout the world.
Drug abuse is a repudiation of everything America is.
Drug abuse is a serious problem across the country.
Drug abuse is a serious problem in our society.
Drug abuse is a serious problem plaguing more and more of our people.
Drug abuse is a serious problem plaguing more and more young people every year.
Drug abuse is a serious problem plaguing more and more young people.
Drug abuse is a serious, continuing illness.
Drug abuse is a symptom.
Drug abuse is a terrible problem.
Drug abuse is a terrible thing.
Drug abuse is a tragedy and a sickness.
Drug abuse is a tragedy, but the war on drugs is a catastrophe.
Drug abuse is a widespread problem that affects people from all walks of life.
Drug abuse is also a growing problem among the young.
Drug abuse is also a serious problem.
Drug abuse is an absolute disqualifying factor in diving training as well as employment.
Drug abuse is an epidemic among our young people here in the United States.
Drug abuse is an increasing problem among post-abortive women.
Drug abuse is an indication of dysfunction within family sub-systems.
Drug abuse is an offense, at the federal level.
Drug abuse is considered a national problem and local laws are enforced vigorously.
Drug abuse is dangerous and can lead to death.
Drug abuse is definable only in terms of societal disapproval.
Drug abuse is dependent on supply and demand.
Drug abuse is equally topical among equine athletes.
Drug abuse is everywhere.
Drug abuse is first and foremost an individual tragedy.
Drug abuse is horrible thing.
Drug abuse is initiated at an earlier age than in the past.
Drug abuse is misuse
Drug abuse is no longer other peoples problem.
Drug abuse is often a lifetime bondage for the abusers.
Drug abuse is one of the common reasons a security clearance is denied to applicants.
Drug abuse is one of the most common factors leading to a child's entry into the welfare system.
Drug abuse is only one manifestation of a convergence of issues in contemporary Japanese society.
Drug abuse is primarily a health and social problem.
Drug abuse is rampant.
Drug abuse is relatively rare in Cyprus.
Drug abuse is seen merely as a symptom of a greater illness.
Drug abuse is so strong and prevalent in today's society.
Drug abuse is spread among all social strata in Israel.
Drug abuse is still public enemy number one in America.
Drug abuse is studied from a holistic health perspective.
Drug abuse is the misuse or overuse of a drug, including alcohol.
Drug abuse is the top concern in all age and income groups, and across all regions of the county.
Drug abuse knows no boundaries.
Drug abuse means the voluntary abuse of drugs - i.e. where people choose to do so.
Drug abuse poses a serious threat in the business community for employers and employees alike.
Drug abuse poses a serious threat to the health and well-being of both individuals and society.
Drug abuse puts any doctor's patients at risk, regardless of any concurrent bipolar disorder.
Drug abuse remains a significant issue in crafting federal anti-crime initiatives.
Drug abuse remains one of America s major health problems.
Drug abuse remains one of America's major health problems.
Drug abuse remains relatively mild in Cyprus and is concentrated among the young and tourists.
Drug abuse tends to get worse over time.
Drug abuse tends to increase along with the number of crimes committed.
Any drug abuse is just that.
Drug abusers are at greater risk of overdosing.
Drug abusers are five times more likely to file a workers' compensation claim.
Drug abusers are sixteen times more likely to be absent than non-abusers.
Drug abusers are tardy for work three times more often than non-abusers.
Drug abusers are willing to risk anything including their families.
Drug abusers call it jonesing.
Drug abusers can at times become desperate people.
Drug abusers take Rohypnol with alcohol or marijuana to enhance intoxication.
Many drug abusers drink alcohol to disguise their use of drugs.
Many drug abusers request information on treatment and recovery.
Many drug abusers think the point of life is evasion of responsibility.
Most drug abusers are familiar with the many techniques available for beating a urine test.
Some drug abusers take adrenaline to enhance performance or for other effects.
Drug action varies widely in older people.
Drug actions are the result of a chemical interaction with some part of the human organism.
A drug addict is an addict
Drug addicts are addicts.
Drug addicts are animals.
Drug addicts are at relatively high risk.
Drug addicts are humans.
Drug addicts are located in parks.
Drug addicts are the sludge of society.
Drug addicts are therefore but a small fraction of the totality of drug users.
Drug addicts become homeless because there's no real rehab program.
Drug addicts change their thought content and emotions when they are intoxicated.
Drug addicts come in all colors.
Drug addicts desire drugs.
Drug addicts have fewer dopamine receptors than normal subjects, resulting in low dopamine activity.
Drug addicts have jobs, too.
Drug addicts start out on their drug habit for various reasons.
Drug addicts suffer a loss of desire for sex.
All drug addicts are potential criminals.
Many drug addicts are downtrodden, sick and lonely.
Most drug addicts are male, but there are several girls hooked on the drug too.
Some drug addicts claim that drugs help producereligious feelings.
Drug addiction accounts for thousands of hospital emergency room admissions each year.
Drug addiction affects individuals.
Drug addiction can and does affect people of all ages, all professions, and all social classes.
Drug addiction can cause dramatic weight change.
Drug addiction can cause liver dysfunction.
Drug addiction can hollow one out.
Drug addiction causes death.
Drug addiction causes stigmas.
Drug addiction has both a powerful psychological as well as the physical component.
Drug addiction impacts virtually every area of life in our city.
Drug addiction is a big problem.
Drug addiction is a brain disease.
Drug addiction is a chronic illness which can include relapse.
Drug addiction is a chronic relapsing disease.
Drug addiction is a disease that affects the entire family.
Drug addiction is a disease, and anyone suffering from a disease needs treatment.
Drug addiction is a disease.
Drug addiction is a form of escape or even self abuse.
Drug addiction is a full time job, eating up a person' s time along with their brain cells.
Drug addiction is a good model of what sin is like.
Drug addiction is a growing problem in Afghanistan, drug policy analysts say.
Drug addiction is a major public health problem worldwide.
Drug addiction is a nonexertional impairment.
Drug addiction is a pervasive disease.
Drug addiction is a problem.
Drug addiction is a serious, debilitating disorder that demands intensive long-term treatment.
Drug addiction is a similar problem.
Drug addiction is a treatable disease.
Drug addiction is a way of life people rely on to cope with the world.
Drug addiction is addiction.
Drug addiction is an illness of the spirit.
Drug addiction is caused by physical dependence.
Drug addiction is difficult to treat.
Drug addiction is habituation
Drug addiction is more a health problem than a criminal problem.
Drug addiction is now a serious problem in many of China's cities.
Drug addiction is often a way of life people rely on to cope with, or avoid coping with, the world.
Drug addiction is part of a cluster of behaviors.
Drug addiction is rampant.
Drug addiction is similar to diseases like hypertension, diabetes and asthma in other respects.
Drug addiction is the rage among schoolchildren.
Drug addiction is the same way.
Drug addiction is the same.
Drug addiction is too common.
Drug addiction is, among other things, a chronic disease.
Drug addiction leads to social withdrawal, self-alienation, and disdain for the future.
Drug addiction remains a significant problem and drain on national resources.
Drug addiction robs productivity and ruins lives.
Drug addiction takes away people's ability to make decisions.
Most drug addiction affects individuals.
Most drug addiction is brought about through one's own fault.
Drug administration is well tolerated.
Drug advertising is a relatively new thing.
Drug allergies tend to be overdiagnosed.
Most drug allergies cause minor skin rashes and hives.
Most drug allergies respond readily to treatment.
Most drug arrests are for possession and use rather than for dealing.
A drug baron is a boss
Drug barons are the new economic elite.
Drug barons maintain private armies, often manned by government soldiers out of uniform.
Most drug candidates are able to adopt a number of different shapes, known as conformers.
A drug cartel is trust
Drug cartels are a major concern in Mexico.
Drug cartels are better financed than any governmental task force.
Drug cartels are criminal organizations.
Drug Cartels are in Business.
Drug cartels are more sophisticated than ever before.
Drug cartels are obvious examples.
Drug cartels are producers.
Drug cartels are the ones making the big profits.
Drug cartels are trust.
Many drug classes work synergistically to better control blood pressure.
Drug classifications provide the framework for nursing interventions and patient education.
Drug clearance reduces with age.
Drug combinations reduce toxicity when used together in low doses.
A drug company is a company
Drug companies advertise their products in scientific journals as well.
Drug companies are a potential deep-pocketed ally.
Drug companies are companies.
Drug companies are far more concerned with their profit margin than the welfare of a few horses.
Drug companies are hesitant to depart from existing technology.
Drug companies are in a tough spot.
Drug companies are in business to make money.
Drug companies are more adept at finding new medicines.
Drug companies are naturals to expand into biotech.
Drug companies are out to run a good business, and to be popular with shareholders and governments.
Drug companies are reluctant to try new designs.
Drug companies are the most enthusiastic users of toxicogenomics.
Drug companies are thrilled.
Drug companies are very reluctant to discuss patents.
Drug companies are vincible.
Drug Companies Are Vincible.
Drug companies begin to expand their influence and territory.
Drug companies believe there are billions to be made.
Drug companies benefit enormously too.
Drug companies benefit.
Drug companies bring in lunch sometimes.
Drug companies can charge higher prices when insurers pay most of the bill.
Drug companies can do more.
Drug companies charge American consumers the highest prices in the world.
Drug companies claim their research is responsible for a very high percentage of new drugs.
Drug companies clash over new glaucoma meds.
Drug companies conduct intensive advertising campaigns among doctors to prescribe their drugs.
Drug companies counter that they price their products in accordance with local markets.
Drug companies counter that they spend a lot of money on research and development.
Drug companies determine which of their medications are available.
Drug companies develop data very carefully to support marketing their specific drug.
Drug companies do the research, create the formulas, and supply the doctors.
Drug companies drop lawsuit against South Africa.
Drug companies favor the latter because it is so difficult to get a compound into particular cells.
Drug companies feel threatened by such suggestions.
Drug companies find it increasingly difficult to design new and improved drugs.
Drug companies give their products brand names.
Drug companies hate the reimportation billwhich amounts to price controls.
Drug companies have interests to protect, and it's their money.
Drug companies have much to gain in the short term from a successful trial.
Drug companies have powerful allies in their effort to keep generics at bay.
Drug companies have to follow strict quality-control measures.
Drug companies have versions.
Drug Companies Keep Boosting Prices.
Drug companies make antibiotics from lichen substances.
Drug companies make so much money because their products are patented.
Drug companies offer monetary rewards to pharmacists and counter attendants for high sales.
Drug companies oppose the proposal on two fronts.
Drug companies play a particularly important role in the development of diagnostic categories.
Drug companies promoting their own chemotherapy drugs are one example.
Drug companies reason out that their expenditures on marketing and promotion of medicine are high.
Drug companies saturate the media with their ads.
Drug companies say it's okay to ghostwrite because researchers still have the final say.
Drug companies say that the promotion educates patients and doctors about new treatment options.
Drug companies say they are prepared to sell drugs to South Africa at no profit.
Drug companies sell drugs to make profits.
Drug companies set their prices freely.
Drug companies spend more on ads than on research.
Drug companies spend over a million dollars a day pushing their pills to GPs.
Drug companies sponsor many medical sites.
Drug companies stand to lose big chunks of profit margin if the proposal passes.
Drug companies start selling in medical school.
Drug companies stumble.
Drug companies tend to give physicians samples of the newest, costliest brand-name drugs.
Drug companies try to convince people that medication is the ultimate answer.
Drug companies use it to keep the prices of drugs higher than most people can afford.
Drug companies use related techniques to make pharmaceuticals from bacteria and cell cultures.
Drug companies use such marketing techniques to build up brand preference from consumers.
Any drug company tends to have their stable of doctors that substantiate that company's claims.
Every drug company does trials on their new drugs.
Many drug companies have free prescription drug policies for certain patients who qualify.
Many drug companies have Web sites offering considerable information.
Many drug companies pay, or help pay, for physician experts to tout their drugs to other physicians.
Most drug companies belong to a larger holding company that also owns a chemical company.
Most drug companies have versions.
Most drug companies make most of their money from a few blockbuster drugs.
Some drug companies say otherwise.
Drug control is a priority of the administration and congress, but it isn t the only priority.
Drug counseling comes later, and prayer is voluntary.
Drug counseling is an integral part of the overall programs.
Drug counseling needs to be more accessible to families.
Drug court does work.
Drug court gives clients the opportunity to cure drug addiction or alcoholism.
Drug court has three phases.
Drug court is a big success.
Drug court is a nine-month program that is broken down into three phases.
Drug court is helpful.
Drug court is modeled after a program in Miami and is now being offered in hundreds of cities.
Drug court takes more comprehensive approach.
Drug court utilizes a pretrial services agency operated by TASC to screen and refer arrestees.
Drug courts accept only non-violent offenders.
Drug courts are able to offer treatment in lieu of prison for nonviolent offenders.
Drug courts are an effective and cost efficient way to help non-violent drug offenders.
Drug courts are an excellent example of best practice that does work.
Drug courts are another priority of the judiciary.
Drug courts are as much about fighting crime as they are about reducing illegal drugs.
Drug courts are the right and the efficient thing to do.
Drug courts can have different structures.
Drug courts create an environment with clear and certain rules.
Drug courts create new and different roles for judges, prosecutors and defense attorneys.
Drug courts focus the community on dealing with drug abuse and crime.
Drug courts help repair torn families and wrecked lives.
Drug courts help.
Drug courts integrate alcohol and other drug treatment services with justice system case processing.
Drug courts offer offenders treatment as an alternative to trial and a criminal record.
Drug courts provide an alternative to prison for criminal drug offenders.
Drug courts reduce recidivism.
Drug courts represent a solution.
Drug courts save money.
Drug courts transform the roles of both criminal justice practitioners and AOD treatment providers.
Drug courts use drug testing to ensure that program participants stay drug-free.
Drug courts work probably for the defense bar much better than they work for anyone.
Drug courts work.
Some drug courts have eligibility criteria that is more open than provided by the current statute.
Drug crime threatens survival.
Drug crimes are also on the increase.
Drug crimes are both a cause and an effect, which make the difficult to combat.
Most drug crime threatens survival.
Drug culture is a creature of many heads.
Drug cultures are inherently local, and our drugs are heroin, cocaine and marijuana.
Drug deals are commonly overheard, as are people checking their voice mail.
Every drug deal robs a community of a street corner.
A drug dealer is a criminal
A drug dealer is a dealer
Drug dealers appear and create a market for weapons.
Drug Dealers are against legalization of drugs.
Drug dealers are always on the job.
Drug dealers are among the most common court scofflaws, records show.
Drug dealers are an example.
Drug dealers are criminals.
Drug dealers are drug traffickers.
Drug dealers are in business to make money.
Drug dealers are less likely to infiltrate strong communities.
Drug dealers are located in bars.
Drug dealers are located in crack houses.
Drug dealers are located in jails.
Drug dealers are located in nightclubs.
Drug dealers are located in prisons.
Drug dealers are located in schools.
Drug dealers are outside the camp.
Drug dealers are people.
Drug dealers are smart.
Drug dealers are the criminals, and drug users are their victims.
Drug dealers are the heroes of the curiously-named free market.
Drug dealers are willing to kill to protect or expand their market.
Drug dealers are workers.
Drug dealers are worse than car salesmen.
Drug dealers can afford to be less particular.
Drug dealers corrupt the criminal justice system, paying off cops and courts.
Drug dealers draw their weapons and a fierce gun battle ensues.
Drug dealers drive things like mercedes and lexus.
Drug dealers get immunity.
Drug dealers get less time than drunk drivers.
Drug dealers get the word in a hurry.
Drug dealers grow fantastically wealthy and powerful.
Drug dealers have plenty of firepower, so our police officers got more militaristic weapons.
Drug dealers have the assets and they re going to be the ones who benefit.
Drug dealers have the attitude that in a small town the police are all hicks.
Drug dealers protect patrons as they walk through high-crime neighborhoods to purchase drugs.
Drug dealers sit brazenly in cars, looking for buyers, and hookers troll the sidewalks.
Drug dealers tend to go for BMWs with tinted windows, anyway.
Drug dealers use fictitious names to conceal financial transactions and ownership of assets.
Drug dealers use rural locations to manufacture toxic drugs to poison youth.
Drug dealers wear lots of gold jewelry and pinky rings.
Drug dealers wreck people's lives.
Most drug dealers are very outgoing, and they like to promote their trade.
Drug delivery includes targeting of drugs to tissues or cells to improve the therapeutic effects.
Drug delivery is faster and easier with the vial adapter, Y-site adapter and extension sets.
Drug delivery is one possibility.
Drug dependence can develop through either psychological or physical processes.
Drug dependence can occur with long-term use.
Drug dependence can result from overuse.
Drug dependence has an effect on a person s family, work and social networks.
Drug dependence has both psychological and physical characteristics.
Drug dependence is a chronic, relapsing disease.
Drug dependence is a general term which is applicable to all types of drug abuse.
Drug dependence is a phenomenon that is spreading.
Drug dependence is addiction.
Drug dependence is addition.
Drug dependence is also highest among adults, both men and women, living with one parent.
Drug dependence is defined by the presence of withdrawal signs upon discontinuation of the drug.
Drug dependence is divided into two components, physical dependence and psychological dependence.
Drug dependence is one such addiction, of which the most familiar is chronic tobacco use.
Drug dependence is synonymous with addiction.
Drug dependence occurs if withdrawal symptoms develop when a narcotic is suddenly stopped.
Drug dependence occurs in newborns when mothers take narcotics regularly prior to delivery.
Drug dependence produces long-term alterations in brain function.
Drug dependence produces significant and lasting changes in brain chemistry and function.
Drug dependence requires that the drug produce psychoactive effects.
Drug dependency can actually cause phantom pain to increase, rather than decrease.
Drug dependency can even be fatal.
Drug dependency can result.
Drug dependency is a BAD thing.
Drug dependency is treatable and recovery from the results of it are attainable.
Drug dependency starts with that first hit.
Drug design involving combinatorial synthesis is based on the mechanistic studies.
Much drug design is done via computer modeling before an attempt is made to synthesize a molecule.
Drug development begins with an understanding of the patient.
Drug development has advantage.
Drug development has several advantage.
Drug development involves a high degree of risk.
Drug development is a complex, time consuming business.
Drug development is a costly business which carries a huge risk of failure.
Drug development is a long and risky process.
Drug development is a long process and fraught with risk.
Drug development is a time-consuming and costly process.
Drug development is expensive, labor intensive, and slow.
Drug development is expensive.
Drug development is lengthy and hugely expensive.
Drug development is time-consuming, risky and expensive.
Most drug development has advantage.
Most drug development has several advantage.
Drug discontinuation is necessary for resolution of symptoms.
Drug discovery adopts factory model.
Drug discovery begins in the laboratories of basic research scientists.
Drug discovery is an imprecise process that relies heavily on serendipity.
Drug discovery is just the start of the process of product development.
Drug distribution is managed from the central pharmacy.
Drug distribution is the amount of drug that enters various parts of the body tissues, and organs.
Drug dogs abound on the buses, ferries and around all major events.
Drug dogs are located in airports.
Drug dogs are police dogs.
Drug dogs can find drugs because they are addicted to drugs.
Drug dogs check the parking lot and hallways for drugs on a regular basis during school hours.
Drug education continues to have strong Government policy support.
Drug education has a history of magnifying the negative.
Drug education includes illegal drugs, drugs in sport and commonly abused medicines.
Drug education is always negative and significant, but treatment is insignificant.
Drug education offers best chances.
Drug education offers chances.
Most drug education offers best chances.
Most drug education offers chances.
Drug effects occur in responses.
Most drug effects diminish gradually over time as the drug is excreted from the body.
Most drug effects occur in responses.
Drug elimination follows first-order kinetics.
Drug elimination is the removal of drugs from the body.
Drug elimination slows during adolescence and probably attains adult rates by late puberty.
Drug eruptions can occur up to four weeks after exposure to a drug usually an antibiotic.
Drug eruptions occur in papulosquamous, eczematous, vesiculobullous, and urticarial forms.
Drug formularies are usually drug-centred.
Drug gangs are different from other kinds of gangs.
Drug gangs are groups organized specifically for the purpose of trafficking drugs.
Drug gangs arrange dozens of drive-by shootings.
Drug habit reduces mother's natural appetite.
Drug habits are very popular, among rising stars.
Drug holidays mimic what vaccines do.
Drug houses are often rundown properties.
Drug hypersensitivities are primarily due to anti-microbial agents.
Drug industry adds to research base supporting cost-effectiveness of medical technology.
Drug interaction can seriously alter or diminish the effectiveness of the prescription medication.
Drug interaction is more likely with slow acetylators given 'normal' doses.
Drug interaction seems one of the major concerns.
Drug interactions are a concern.
Drug interactions are a major health problem.
Drug interactions are another issue, and somet.
Drug interactions are complex.
Drug interactions are graded phenomena.
Drug interactions are harmful or fatal if recreational drug levels reach toxic concentrations.
Drug interactions are limited, and side effects are similar to aspirin or dipyridamole.
Drug interactions are no longer a minor matter for the heart transplant recipient.
Drug Interactions Are Numerous.
Drug interactions are the commonest cause of significant change in the INR value.
Drug interactions can also be synergistic.
Drug interactions can also lead to emotional problems.
Drug interactions can also occur.
Drug interactions can be inhibitory, where one drug actually inhibits the actions of anther drug.
Drug interactions can be lethal.
Drug interactions can cause serious complications.
Drug interactions can cause serious problems.
Drug interactions can cause serious side effects or dangerous overdoses.
Drug interactions can increase harmful side effects.
Drug interactions can occur by different mechanisms in the same patient.
Drug interactions can occur with many types of substances.
Drug interactions can produce various results.
Drug interactions can take various forms, occurring immediately or over several weeks.
Drug interactions have to do with the effect of a drug being altered by something else.
Drug interactions occur by a variety of mechanisms.
Many drug interactions are due to alterations in drug metabolism .
Some drug interactions are deadly.
Some drug interactions occur quickly while others take days or even weeks to develop.
Drug interdiction is a cover up for a broader neo-liberal colonial plan.
Drug interdiction is limited due to inadequate patrols and police corruption.
Drug laws are a moral issue.
Drug laws are a perfect example.
Drug laws are hot politics.
Drug laws are tough in Ecuador and the jails are miserable.
Drug laws do more harm than good.
Drug Laws Do More Harm Than Good.
Drug laws do more injustice than justice does.
Drug laws frighten people away from admitting they have a problem and seeking treatment.
Drug laws jeopardize our freedom.
Drug laws kill.
Drug laws seem very hypocritical.
Drug laws serve no other purpose.
A drug lord is a boss
Drug lords seem to flourish, but the paramilitaries are now working as sort of semi-drug lords too.
Drug lords use violence for political ends.
Some drug lords become violence.
Drug makers can afford it.
Drug makers deserve kudos for the highly effective new drugs they bring to market.
Drug makers insist that their new drugs are better and have fewer harmful side effects.
Drug makers reap profits on tax-backed research.
Drug makers say DTC campaigns educate consumers.
Drug makers say the ads help the public.
Drug makers say they are unfairly being singled out as the bad guys in the debate.
Drug makers say they're working on it.
Drug makers try similar tactics as supermarkets.
Drug makers use loggers to control storage temperatures for drugs and chemicals.
Drug manufacturers are obviously biased towards promoting their product.
Drug manufacturers are strongly opposed.
Drug manufacturers are the most efficient suppliers of that health care economic information.
Drug manufacturers are well aware of the power of numbers.
Drug manufacturers have a duty to warn about possible side effects of a drug.
Drug manufacturers have up to six years to implement the new labels.
Drug manufacturers maximize profits by charging different parts of the market different prices.
Drug manufacturers pay researchers to confirm a drug's effectiveness.
Drug manufacturers weigh the benefits of their drugs against their side effects.
Most drug manufacturers have a program to provide prescription medication to low income patients.
Drug manufacturing is a form of terrorism.
Drug metabolism is the process by which our bodies transform and eliminate foreign compounds.
Drug metabolism tends to be faster in smaller animals.
Some drug metabolism depends on substrate.
Some drug metabolism takes places.
Drug misuse is a major ongoing problem in the prison system.
Drug misuse is an educational issue.
Drug misuse is the under use, overuse, or erratic use of medications.
Drug money allows gangs to recruit more criminals.
Drug money augments the funds such organizations get from kidnapping, extortion and bank robbery.
Drug money corrupts many political, financial, and law and order institutions.
Drug money has the potential to overwhelm local army, police, judges, and political parties.
Drug money is another example where international finance is already quite propitious for criminals.
Drug money is hard to trace.
Drug money is moved electronically around the world in a matter of seconds.
Drug money is obtained by supplying services to the drug trade.
Drug money is so pervasive in the Burmese economy that it taints legitimate investment.
Drug money is so pervasive that it taints legitimate investment and disrupts economies.
Drug names are registered trademarks of the respective manufacturers.
Drug names Use the complete spelling for drug names.
Many drug names sound alike, causing confusion for doctors, nurses and patients.
Drug of abuse is a drug
Drugs of abuse are often illegal and some are extremely dangerous.
Drugs of abuse are substances which are harmful to the body.
Drugs of abuse have at least two categories of effects.
Drugs of abuse is drugs.
Most drugs of abuse enhance the release of dopamine.
Drug offenders are often out of work and unable to support themselves.
Drug offenders are the fastest-growing population in Washington prisons.
Drug offenders are the vast majority of new inmates.
Drug offenders are.
Drug offenders make up about one in four prison inmates nationwide.
Drug offenders make up nearly a quarter of our prison population.
Most drug offenders are non violent.
Most drug offenders are non-violent and most are first time offenders.
Most drug offenders are opium smokers, a traditional mode of ingestion in the Middle and Far East.
Most drug offenders are white.
Some drug offenders serve more time than murderers and rapists.
Drug offenses are among the reasons cited in the state law.
Drug offenses are cumulative from year to year, and school to school.
Drug offenses are dealt with very seriously in the Bahamas.
Drug offenses are probably the biggest thing.
Drug offenses are risky business in Mexico.
Drug offenses contribute to nearly half of the increase in the female prison population.
Drug offenses make up about one half of all offenses for which people are imprisoned in America.
Drug offenses refer to both possession and trafficking charges.
Drug paraphernalia is hard to come by in some states without a prescription.
Drug pipelines can be a double-edged sword.
Drug policies affect millions of people who have family members behind bars.
Drug policies are the largest contributing factor.
Drug policy deserves more than just polemics and all tooquick reverberations.
Drug policy is the greatest social mistake of our time.
Drug prevention goes online.
Drug prevention is also an essential part of reducing juvenile crime.
Drug prevention is based on the message that drugs do no promote a healthy and successful life.
Drug prevention is much more complex.
Drug prevention is the best step.
Drug prices are a hot political issue.
Drug prices are critically important.
Drug prices are higher across the board, too.
Drug prices are often less than required insurance co-payments.
Drug prices are out of control, rising twice as fast as the inflation rate.
Drug prices are too high.
Drug prices continue to rise, making it more costly for seniors to buy their medicine.
Drug prices is another area requiring WHO's clear leadership and support to the member countries.
Drug prices keep falling and quality keeps rising.
Drug prices represent the actual amount charged to consumers.
Drug prohibition causes crime.
Drug prohibition causes devastation abroad as well.
Drug prohibition continues to create enormous obstacles to democracy and peace in Mexico.
Drug prohibition creates criminals.
Drug prohibition creates violence.
Drug prohibition destroys the community.
Drug prohibition does exactly the opposite of what it was intended to do.
Drug prohibition does violence to the Constitution.
Drug prohibition exacerbates the already difficult problems of some poor and minority neighborhoods.
Drug prohibition is a classic example of throwing money at a problem.
Drug prohibition is a failure that endangers society and the Constitution.
Drug prohibition is a failure.
Drug prohibition is for everybody's good in the long run.
Drug pushers make more money because the drug buyers think their getting more for their money.
Drug rashes are the body's reaction to a certain medication.
Most drug rashes are allergic reactions to medications.
Drug reaction is illnesses.
Drug reactions are the most common cause of treatable symptoms.
Drug reactions can cause dementia.
Drug reactions can mimic many skin disorders and can result from any drug.
Drug reactions can vary from mild to severe and life threatening.
Some drug reactions occur in everyone, others occur only in susceptible people.
Drug recalls are highly unusual.
Drug rehabilitation is at best a difficult, demanding, and lengthy process.
Drug research improves the effectiveness of a pharmacy drug cure.
Drug research involves a further partnership as well, with the Canadian public and government.
Drug research is muddied by sundry dependence concepts.
Drug research is very expensive.
Drug Research Leads to New Treatments.
Drug research tries to generalize about all people by trying a drug out on only a few.
Drug residues Contain no Salmonella , etc.
Drug residues remain permanently entrapped in the hair.
Drug resistance becomes health problems.
Drug resistance becomes problems.
Drug resistance becomes serious problems.
Drug resistance becomes serious public health problems.
Drug resistance becomes serious public problems.
Drug resistance can limit some treatment options for the future.
Drug resistance can limit someone's treatment options for the future.
Drug resistance can operate by a number of mechanisms, none of which is fully understood.
Drug resistance climbs when antibiotics are overprescribed.
Drug resistance continues to be a real consequence of treatment.
Drug resistance is a growing concern for many horse owners.
Drug resistance is a major problem in the treatment of infectious diseases.
Drug resistance is a major problem with chemotherapy agents.
Drug resistance is a potential threat to tuberculosis control programmes throughout the world.
Drug resistance is a problem that's never going to go away.
Drug resistance is a problem too.
Drug resistance is a problem with current antivirals.
Drug resistance is a wholly man-made phenomenon.
Drug resistance is also an issue.
Drug resistance is another global health problem.
Drug resistance is frequent with tetracycline, erythromycin and trimethoprim.
Drug resistance is important for two reasons.
Drug resistance is rampant in many countries.
Drug resistance is related to lack of adherence to medication regimens.
Drug resistance is the principal reason for the failure of chemotherapy.
Drug resistance is ubiquitous.
Drug resistance is uncommon except among people with very damaged immune systems.
Drug resistance is where tumour cells become resistant to chemotherapy.
Drug resistance occurs when a few parasites in their human hosts manage to survive therapy.
Drug resistance remains a major obstacle to the effective treatment of patients with cancer.
Drug resistance results in a longer treatment regimen and increased medical costs.
Most drug resistance becomes health problems.
Most drug resistance becomes problems.
Most drug resistance becomes serious problems.
Most drug resistance becomes serious public health problems.
Most drug resistance becomes serious public problems.
Drug responses can vary among various strains or races within a species.
Drug safety is a key issue for the pharmaceutical industry and governmental regulatory bodies.
Drug sales are designed to fund of finance members' personal drug use.
Drug sales are rampant.
Drug sales are the rocket towing drug giant's earnings skyward.
Drug sales are up, violence against teachers is up, violence against students is down.
Drug scenes consist of varying degrees of open street scenes and of hidden users.
Some drug schedules are quite strict in terms of dosing times.
Drug screen is required.
Most drug screens are of the less expensive variety.
Drug screening is a pre-employment requirement.
Drug screening is available upon request.
Drug screening is available, for a six-drug panel .
Drug screening is done before the issuance of any assistance.
Drug screening is mandatory for employment with the City of Odessa.
Drug screening is mandatory.
Drug screening is part of staff training.
Drug screening is required at time of hire.
Drug screening is required prior to employment.
Drug screening is required.
Drug screening is used to identify drug toxicity and drug abuse.
Drug screenings ensure that offenders are obeying terms of their probation.
Drug selectivity is a term that is used to describe a.
Drug smugglers can fly in, bring a boat in or walk in.
Drug smuggling can carry the death penalty in Vietnam.
Drug smuggling carries a death sentence in Saudi Arabia.
Drug smuggling carries a death sentence.
Drug smuggling carries the death penalty.
Drug smuggling is a very foolish thing to do, but couriers suffer disproportionately.
Drug smuggling is a very serious offense, and they lose their first trial.
Drug smuggling is a vile activity with no defense.
Drug smuggling is big business, often involving many people and a lot of money and equipment.
Drug smuggling is considered a high crime.
Drug smuggling pays well.
Drug stores are a huge market for products that include talc.
Drug stores are available at all clinics and malls as well as downtown Fredericton.
Drug stores are full of lotions, salves, and moisturizing soaps.
Drug stores distribute an excessive amount of antidepressants.
Drug stores have it available and are giving it to anyone who walks in.
Drug stores offer many of the same non-food items which can be found in a grocery store.
Drug stores sell bleaching creams over the counter.
Drug stores sell hydrocodone.
Drug stores sell products designed to encourage side sleeping, including an anti-snoring pillow.
Many drug stores sell syringes made for force feeding baby medication.
Most drug stores carry various types of braces which give support to wrists, elbows and knees.
Drug studies are also confidential.
Drug synergy is an important principle .
Drug synergy is an important principle.
Drug test is required of all individuals offered a job.
Drug test is required of the successful candidate.
Drug test is required.
Drug tests are also mandatory in many companies.
Drug tests are an attack on lifestyle choice under the guise of workplace performace.
Drug tests are an obvious example.
Drug tests are cheap.
Drug tests are different because there are no repeated cycles of evaluation and revision.
Drug tests are morally problematic because they put participants at risk.
Drug tests are very easy to beat especially if it is a ratio of testosterone to epitestosterone.
Drug tests can identify alcohol, prescription drugs, and illegal drugs in a person s body.
Drug tests can identify alcohol, prescription drugs, and illegal drugs.
Drug tests can only stipulate whether an individual has used a particular drug recently .
Drug tests can reveal private details far beyond what substances a person chooses to ingest.
Drug tests reveal that inmates take methamphetamine and cocaine too.
Drug tests to detect presence.
Drug tests violate workers' rights.
All drug tests use the same internationally set cut off levels for urine testing.
Drug Testers Think Small Using worms, single cells and glass chips for more efficient research.
Drug testing allows colleges to promote their institutes and their athletes.
Drug testing allows employers to intrude upon the private lives of their employees.
Drug testing becomes a cat and mouse game with little deterrent effect to illicit drug use.
Drug testing begins the first week of the fall semester and continues through the end of cruise.
Drug testing can be quite specific or general.
Drug testing can detect marijuana metabolites weeks after it's been consumed.
Drug testing can deter people from using illegal drugs.
Drug testing consists of two steps.
Drug testing helps break denial and disrupts addiction.
Drug testing involves a number of different in which human error can occur.
Drug testing is a condition of employment.
Drug testing is a direct violation of the individual's right to be free from self-incrimination.
Drug testing is a farce.
Drug testing is a form of surveillance, albeit a technological one.
Drug testing is a good example.
Drug testing is a greater deterrent to drug use than the remote possibility of going to jail.
Drug testing is a key element to the success of any substance abuse treatment strategy.
Drug testing is a required step in the employment process.
Drug testing is a requirement for many jobs.
Drug testing is a requirement of prospective employees during the last stages of the hiring process.
Drug testing is a surrogate for reading somebody's mind.
Drug testing is a very bad idea, anyway, when it comes to marijuana.
Drug testing is also a provision.
Drug testing is also available here.
Drug testing is also less controversial than it used to be.
Drug testing is an important issue in today's drug free workplaces.
Drug testing is available for low-cost fees.
Drug testing is available to the community.
Drug testing is by urine sample.
Drug testing is conducted after each race.
Drug testing is conducted after industrial and vehicle accidents.
Drug testing is conducted by analyzing a driver's urine specimen.
Drug testing is conducted by analyzing an employee's urine specimen.
Drug testing is considered an effective way to curb drug abuse in workplaces.
Drug testing is considered the most useful type of pre-employment screening.
Drug testing is done at least twice each week for the first two months and randomly thereafter.
Drug testing is done by gathering urine or blood.
Drug testing is done only as legally required for transportation and heavy-equipment workers.
Drug testing is done to insure that the workplace remains drug free.
Drug testing is expensive, however.
Drug testing is extremely intrusive of the right to privacy.
Drug testing is inaccurate and unreliable.
Drug testing is included in all pre-employment medical examinations.
Drug testing is just the same as having a regular doctor visit.
Drug testing is mandatory for all new employees.
Drug testing is obviously a war against marijuana, since it lingers far longer than any other drug.
Drug testing is on the rise in the workplace.
Drug testing is one element of an overall drug abuse program.
Drug testing is one way to do that.
Drug testing is part of the pre-employment screening process.
Drug testing is performed as part of the pre-enrollment screening.
Drug testing is performed by random selection, post-accident, and reasonable suspicion.
Drug testing is relatively cheap and increasingly reliable.
Drug testing is required after a job offer has been made.
Drug testing is required of all athletes.
Drug testing is required of all prospective employees, staff and faculty.
Drug testing is required.
Drug testing is something that athletes believe is a serious matter.
Drug testing is the latest step in Michigan's cutting-edge welfare plan.
Drug testing is unpleasant, but seems to be here to stay.
Drug testing is used in combination with the community-based sanctions.
Drug testing is used in emergency rooms for overdose situations.
Drug testing is used to detect and reduce incidents of crime and drugged driving.
Drug testing is very expensive, but helps ensure examination of a drug-free horse.
Drug testing requires a large commitment in time and resources.
Drug testing seems primarily a public-relations effort aimed at alleviating anxiety.
Most drug testing is broken down into two categories, urine testing or urinalysis and hair testing.
Drug therapies affecting body systems are a major consideration.
Drug therapies are also sometimes available in cases where extreme behavior needs to be controlled.
Drug therapies are helpful to deal with pain.
Drug therapies have a substantial impact on disease outcomes.
Drug therapies Increase or decrease the level of a particular neurotransmitter.
Drug therapies seem to be most effective with schizophrenia.
Drug therapies work by blocking certain neurotransmitters in the brain.
Drug therapy can also be useful for people who are experiencing a severe depression.
Drug therapy can also help differentiate trigeminal neuralgia from toothache pain.
Drug therapy can also help reduce spacticity associated with cerebral palsy.
Drug therapy can alter the oral microflora sufficiently to result in oral burning.
Drug therapy can be a useful part of treatment for some forms of aggression.
Drug therapy can be beneficial in some cases, but can also cause a number of side effects.
Drug therapy can help prevent or block migraines.
Drug therapy can slow or forestall that vulnerability.
Drug therapy can stabilize moods in almost all people with bipolar disorder, even severe forms.
Drug therapy can substantially modify the risk and progression of conditions that cause disability.
Drug therapy consists of gemfibrozil, fenofibrate, niacin, statins, or combination therapy.
Drug therapy decreases the risks of stroke, heart disease, and kidney failure.
Drug therapy has quality.
Drug therapy has to work both in controlling seizures and making life livable.
Drug therapy helps control the signs and symptoms and prevent HF progression.
Drug therapy helps to open restricted airways and reduce inflammation.
Drug therapy includes antidepressant drugs and mood stabilizers .
Drug therapy includes antispasmodics, antidiarrheal, and anti-anxiety medications.
Drug therapy includes the use of phenothiazines, chlorpromazine and promazine in particular.
Drug therapy influences mineral ion fluxes and suppresses bone cell activity.
Drug therapy involves long-term use of hormone therapy.
Drug therapy involves replacing the missing thyroid hormone with levothyroxine.
Drug therapy involves use of hormone therapy to shrink the fibroid and minimize symptoms.
Drug therapy is . . .
Drug therapy is a common reason for false positive results.
Drug therapy is a mainstay of asthma treatment.
Drug therapy is a primary component to management of gout.
Drug therapy is a trial and error process.
Drug therapy is administered and evaluated for desired effects and adverse reactions.
Drug therapy is always a concern in pregnant patients.
Drug therapy is another treatment choice that is usually successful.
Drug therapy is available for osteoporosis.
Drug therapy is available for other types of tremor, as well.
Drug therapy is by far the most common treatment and is usually the first to be tried.
Drug therapy is controversial.
Drug therapy is first line.
Drug therapy is justified only if the possible benefits outweigh risks.
Drug therapy is known to cause insomnia, lethargy, appetite loss, and weight loss.
Drug therapy is medical treatments.
Drug therapy is minimised and usually unnecessary.
Drug therapy is often the first choice of treatment for an episode of depression.
Drug therapy is partially effective in some patients.
Drug therapy is required.
Drug therapy is the conventional treatment for asthma in traditional western medicine.
Drug therapy is the most common means of treating disease.
Drug therapy is the sorcery of our cooked-eating age.
Drug therapy is the treatment of choice for achalasia.
Drug therapy is usually the treatment of choice.
Drug therapy kills adults and causes a slow disappearance of the microfilariae.
Drug therapy tends to be for symptomatic relief.
Most drug therapies provide temporary improvement at best.
Most drug therapies work by decreasing bone resorbtion.
Most drug therapy has quality.
Most drug therapy replaces dopamine in the brain.
Drug tolerance occurs when increasing doses of medication are needed to obtain the same pain relief.
Drug trade is part of our society just as the junkie is a part of our society.
Drug traffic is a subject that has no real solution.
Drug traffic is also on the increase.
Drug traffic is traffic
A drug trafficker is a criminal
A drug trafficker is a dealer
Drug traffickers are bad enough.
Drug traffickers are intelligent agents.
Drug traffickers are mobile enough to move their operations to other sites.
Drug traffickers are the ultimate multinational corporations.
Drug traffickers can move their profits across continents with the stroke of a computer key.
Drug traffickers continue to find new routes.
Drug traffickers continue to use Cuban waters and airspace to evade U.S. interdiction assets.
Drug traffickers have certain peculiarities.
Drug traffickers present a frustrating cross-border challenge.
Drug traffickers recognize that the transportation of drugs is the weakest link in the drug chain.
Drug traffickers respond quickly to opportunities and to enforcement efforts.
Drug traffickers smuggle machine guns.
Drug traffickers use intermediaries to develop friendships with certain officers and agents.
Drug traffickers wreak havoc on the political and economic development of our countries.
Drug treatment can control the swelling and prolong vision.
Drug treatment can mean either chemotherapy or hormonal therapy.
Drug treatment cuts criminal activity by as much as two-thirds.
Drug treatment exerts a tremendous selection pressure on the parasite population.
Drug treatment is another method used for weight loss.
Drug treatment is available.
Drug treatment is composed of a series of elements and components.
Drug treatment is compulsory for known users.
Drug treatment is continuous, as relapse of symptoms is common when medication is discontinued.
Drug treatment is difficult because the amoebae can encyst to protect itself.
Drug treatment is effective in controlling criminal behavior and drug use . . .
Drug treatment is even scarcer than it used to be.
Drug treatment is extremely cost-effective.
Drug treatment is given to improve the heart's pumping action.
Drug treatment is helpful to a degree, but overall it can be rated as only moderately effective.
Drug treatment is highly effective if started soon enough.
Drug treatment is often relatively ineffective or poorly tolerated.
Drug treatment is only one element of Narcolepsy symptom management.
Drug treatment is possible, although there are unpleasant side effects.
Drug treatment is provided free of charge on the premises.
Drug treatment is targeted to specific symptoms and individual experiences.
Drug treatment is the most effective way to reduce the criminality associated with drug use.
Drug treatment is tough on crime since it deals with the core problem.
Drug treatment is tougher on crime than jail is.
Drug treatment is usually more effective than dietary changes alone for reducing total cholesterol.
Drug treatment is usually necessary for people with significant symptoms.
Drug treatment is very effective here, too.
Drug treatment is vital and necessary.
Drug treatment teaches people how to feel normal without using drugs.
Drug treatment works best when the participants are willing and ready to fight their addictions.
Drug treatments are available.
Drug treatments are different for children both in dosage and side-effects.
Drug treatments are in the works, too.
Drug treatments are limited and there is no cure.
Drug treatments are medical treatments.
Drug treatments are usually the next step.
Drug treatments are, therefore, essential for preventing or stopping such terrible damage.
Drug treatments do help some patients, but there can be severe side effects.
Drug treatments produce some benefit to some men.
Drug treatments vary depending on the type of arthritis.
Some drug treatments increase excretion.
Drug trials are clinical trials.
Drug trials are generally long and costly.
Drug trials are generally time limited.
Drug Trials Learn about new studies, the results and participation.
Drug trips are extremely realistic and frightening.
Drug usage is another substantive issue which needs our attention.
Any drug usage is too high.
Most drug usage starts very innocently with marijuana.
Drug use affects more than just the user.
Drug use affects the whole working class.
Drug use allows a person to temporarily live in that dangerous zone between reality and fantasy.
Drug use appears to be rising in inner-city neighborhoods where addiction problems are most severe.
Drug use can affect lymph nodes.
Drug use can also be dangerous for people who are taking anti-HIV medications.
Drug use can also cause birth defects.
Drug use can also lead to legal problems, financial hardships, and social difficulties.
Drug use can alter the mind and cause people to do serious violence to others.
Drug use can be dangerous.
Drug use can cause heart and breathing problems.
Drug use can change a healthy brain into a diseased brain, and the damage can be permanent.
Drug use can interfere with academic success.
Drug use can lead to missed doses of anti-HIV medications.
Drug use can make trigger stress or mental illness, or exacerbate already existing issues.
Drug use can provide meaning for young people who believe that life is otherwise meaningless.
Drug use can put the mother in danger, too.
Drug use causes addiction.
Drug use causes memory loss.
Drug use continues to climb as well.
Drug use continues to go up, the drug prices continue to go down.
Drug use continues, unfortunately here, and elsewhere.
Drug use costs industry millions in lost worker productivity each year.
Drug use creates enough victims by itself.
Drug use cuts across all economic, social and educational backgrounds.
Drug use exacts a brutal toll.
Drug use goes up dramatically in the first year of middle school or junior high.
Drug use harms people of every economic class.
Drug use has harmful effects on people physically, emotionally, spiritually and socially.
Drug use has no victim it is a consensual crime.
Drug use impacts both individual users and society.
Drug use imposes an unacceptable risk of harm on the user and others.
Drug use imposes an unfair burden on government-subsidised health systems.
Drug use increases the risk for domestic violence, child abuse, and workplace violence.
Drug use is a crisis of the era.
Drug use is a definite sign that working out has become a harmful obsession.
Drug use is a health problem.
Drug use is a huge problem, both performance enhancing and mind-altering.
Drug use is a major factor.
Drug use is a major problem in our country.
Drug use is a means to that end.
Drug use is a one-way ticket to nowhere fast.
Drug use is a preventable behavior.
Drug use is a private matter.
Drug use is a scourge on our society, exacting a terrible toll in lost lives.
Drug use is a serious health problem .
Drug use is a serious problem affecting every company in the business.
Drug use is a social evil requiring tough enforcement of prohibition.
Drug use is a victimless crime.
Drug use is a voluntary behavior.
Drug use is absolutely forbidden.
Drug use is accepted as the norm, and, yes, the norm can backfire in harsh ways.
Drug use is affected far more by social attitudes, fashions and information than by laws.
Drug use is also evident, as is deception.
Drug use is also on the rise.
Drug use is an acknowledged fact of life in every prison in the country.
Drug use is another important aspect of a woman's health during pregnancy.
Drug use is as bad in metropolitan English cities as it is in America.
Drug use is associated with clubbing, although the use of Ecstasy now extends beyond the club scene.
Drug use is at an all time high, and it's time that the failing policy is changed.
Drug use is common and on the rise among young people.
Drug use is common in wrestling for sure.
Drug use is down.
Drug use is extremely unpredictable and affects people differently.
Drug use is foolishness of the worst kind.
Drug use is higher among white youth than black youth.
Drug use is illegal, and drug users are highly stigmatised.
Drug use is illegal, and therefore it is wrong.
Drug use is illegal.
Drug use is incompatible with military service.
Drug use is intrinsic to society.
Drug use is just a symptom of other causes, some of which are very difficult to address.
Drug use is just one of the hurdles.
Drug use is less common in families where a good relationship exists between parents and children.
Drug use is like slavery.
Drug use is linked with poor adherence, which can lead to treatment failure.
Drug use is long over now.
Drug use is on the decline.
Drug use is on the increase and with it the resulting growth in crime.
Drug use is on the rise and many people have there own suggestions on how to combat it.
Drug use is on the rise.
Drug use is one such case.
Drug use is only a symptom.
Drug use is presented as fun and acceptable and virginity is disparaged.
Drug use is prevalent in the different scenes of the book.
Drug use is preventable.
Drug use is problems.
Drug use is rampant across age groups.
Drug use is rampant at government schools.
Drug use is rampant in all sports.
Drug use is rampant.
Drug use is the most important predictor of infection, say the authors.
Drug use is thought to be an emerging problem with the secondary age group.
Drug use is unique to modern Western cultures.
Drug use is universal.
Drug use is up sharply among younger students.
Drug use is up, even though drug enforcement is up.
Drug use is usually temporary, but a criminal record lastsforever.
Drug use is widespread but discreet.
Drug use leads to an increase in health care costs.
Drug use leads to crime.
Drug use leads to dependence and causes irreparable emotional and physical damage.
Drug use leads to individual and social harms through many different mechanisms.
Drug use makes health care more expensive, neighborhoods more dangerous and jails more crowded.
Drug use needs to be distinguished from drug abuse.
Drug use presents a threat to the safety of all staff and inmates.
Drug use pulls people down.
Drug use remains at an all-time high.
Drug use varies from nation to nation.
All drug use contains inherant risks.
All drug use contains inherent risks.
All drug use has inherent risk, harm reduction just tries to minimize the risks.
All drug use has inherent risks and dangers.
Most drug use is casual marijuana use.
Some drug use exists, but beyond a guy smoking a joint, most of it is implied and occurs off camera.
Some drug use is acceptable in America and is a matter choice.
Some drug use is seen and several people seem high, while others drink and smoke.
Some drug use occurs on school property.
A drug user is a person
Drug users aften return to using drugs.
Drug users are an integral part of the larger community.
Drug users are five times more likely to file a workers compensation claim.
Drug users are from two to six times more likely to contract TB than nonusers.
Drug users are generally more successful in hiding their habit from their employer.
Drug users are parasites, feeding off society's money, taxes and insurance.
Drug users are people.
Drug users are skinny from drugs which reflects on their bodies and in their eyes especially.
Drug users are subject to punitive discharges, prison or both.
Drug users are the group at highest risk.
Drug users are the main means for spreading the disease.
Drug users are to be given orders to stay off the hard stuff or be jailed.
Drug users are usually sick people.
Drug users are worse off under prohibition.
Drug users are worse than snakes.
Drug users avoid seeking treatment mostly out of fear of arrest or harassment by authorities.
Drug users become dependent before becoming addicted to drugs.
Drug users can be an awful lot of fun when things are going well.
Drug users can lose resistance to disease and destroy their health.
Drug users can turn in old syringes and get new ones.
Drug users constitute a large and growing proportion of the criminal justice population.
Drug users continue to get sick because they are seen as criminals, rather than people who suffer.
Drug users cruise the Internet to find out where rave parties are held.
Drug users face the highest risk of infection.
Drug users get all sorts of different fevers.
Drug users get many chances before they get into 'real' trouble.
Drug users have higher wages but lower returns to human capital characteristics than nonusers.
Drug users seeks the same spiritual comforts as other people.
Drug users tend to have bad work habits and tend to reduce morale.
Drug users use substances.
Drug users victimize society in other ways.
Many drug users dress well, hold jobs, socialize, and give the appearance of managing well.
Many drug users get into trouble with the police and the courts.
Many drug users resort to selling drugs to support their habits.
Many drug users say they depend on the flow of drugs to numb the effects of prison life.
Most drug users are social drinkers or occasional users.
Most drug users make their first contact with illicit drugs through their friends .
Most drug users make their first contact with illicit drugs through their friends.
Most drug users use substances.
Drug war is war.
Drug war is warfare
Drug wars are bad.
Drug wars are federal.
Drug wars are the same thing.
Drug wars fail because there is a natural drive for intoxication.
Drug wars have to be fought on all fronts.
A drug withdrawal is a conclusion
Drug withdrawal is usually sufficient to correct heparin overdosage.
Drug withdrawal requires careful supervision.
A drug is an agent
Drug addicted women can barely care for themselves and do a horrible job of caring for children.
Drug addicts sharing needles.
Drug also has an ill-defined effect on the hypothalamus.
Drug assay using antibody mimics made by molecular imprinting.
Drug becomes poison when taken in large doses or for prolonged period.
Drug brings hope to pain sufferers .
Drug buys on every corner.
Drug can cause extreme paranoia and panic reactions.
Drug can cause fetal harm.
Drug can induce response as early as first week of therapy.
Drug can interfere with synthesis of the neurotransmitter .
Drug can reactivate tuberculosis or lung fungal infection.
Drug can save epileptics trips to hospital.
Drug can suppress the cough reflex.
Drug comes in nebules for use with nebulizer.
DRUG covers the psycho-social aspects of substance abuse.
Drug crosses the placenta.
Drug cuts cancer risk, doctors say.
Drug dealing and violent crime are problems in many parts of the area.
Drug dealing carries a heavy prison sentence.
Drug dealing occurs by and large indoors.
Drug dealing of any kind is a crime against humanity.
Drug dealing often stems from the people who are meant to protect our younger generation.
Drug dealing takes place only where it is tolerated.
Drug decreases blood vessel stiffness in older people .
Drug decreases the urinary excretion of nutrients .
Drug dosing information is available for many medications.
Drug eases cravings in rats.
Drug Enter the drug's generic name, brand name, or lab code.
Drug has a high potential for abuse.
Drug has a narrow therapeutic range.
Drug has current accepted medical use.
Drug has high potential for abuse.
Drug has low potential for abuse.
Drug has lowest potential for abuse.
Drug has medium potential for abuse.
Drug has no current accepted medical use.
Drug has no effect on pharmacokinetics of high-dose methotrexate.
Drug helps recovering anorexics, study says.
Drug increases survival in heart transplant recipients.
Drug induced deafness, the awareness of such a possibility is mandatory.
Drug induced lupus has the same characteristics.
Drug induced sleep is better than no sleep at all.
Drug is a bad word.
Drug is a chemical compound which, when taken into the body, changes the body's metabolism.
Drug is a presumed human carcinogen.
Drug is administered by injecting it into fish used for food.
Drug is available.
Drug is contraindicated in patients with a known hypersensitivity to retinoids.
Drug is counted and number entered in bottom left hand corner of the first square.
Drug is found to shield brain during strokes.
Drug is indicated when treatment with an opioid analgesic is indicated for more than a few days.
Drug is left on surface of bubble.
Drug is less effective when used orally than when used parenterally.
Drug is mutagenic in vivo and in vitro.
Drug is released as lipid crystals melt at skin temperature.
Drug is shipped out by the case according to doctors prescription for the month.
Drug is shipped to the provider.
Drug is used to eliminate residual tumor cells and to reduce the frequency of tumor recurrence.
Drug is usually given at night in case patient needs sedation for side effects.
Drug is usually ineffective in acute blastic crisis of acute granulocytic leukemia.
Drug is usually ineffective in acute blastic crisis of chronic granulocytic disease.
Drug isa entity.
Drug Make sure that the vial or ampoule contains the right drug in the right strength.
Drug makes chemotherapy less harmful.
Drug offences themselves turn out to be robust factors of property crimes.
Drug offers baby hope to cancer women.
Drug overdose deaths in different communities are one way to measure the impact.
Drug passes into the placenta and through the umbilical cord to the baby.
Drug prevents some cancer, poses risks.
Drug recalls and other urgent warnings.
Drug reduces aggression in dementia patients.
Drug reduces heart attack risk, study says.
Drug regimens to treat as well as prevent disease available.
Drug related cases are the only convictions that prevent students from receiving financial aid.
Drug related corruption is a serious concern.
Drug related crimes show an upward trend throughout the country.
Drug related items and hypodermic needles seized are an employee health and safety risk.
Drug related side effects can also occur.
Drug related violations continue to increase, specifically, marijuana and designer drugs.
Drug requires acid environment to absorb.
Drug rounds including self-medication programme.
Drug running is a dirty business.
Drug running is a numbers game so traffickers go where the least number of vehicles are inspected.
Drug running is just too well-paid.
Drug slows early rheumatoid arthritis .
Drug smuggling Drug smuggling is the biggest problem in our seaports.
Drug spots The sodium ring .
Drug spurs arteries to grow new vessels around blocked ones.
Drug successfully treats sexual dysfunction in men.
Drug sweeps through are schools are quite common however.
Drug taking becomes routine.
Drug taking is a moral and a volitional matter.
Drug taking is, in no small way, part of life in our modern world.
Drug trafficking alone generates billions of illegal dollars for criminal organizations every year.
Drug trafficking alone generates tens of billions of dollars a year.
Drug treatments Drug treatments are the most readily available and best studied treatment.
Drug Use Any site encouraging the use of recreational drugs.
Drug use impairs judgement, reaction time, and inhibitions.
Drug use impairs judgment, reaction time, and inhibitions.
Drug Use in the Nursing Home.
Drug use negatively effects user, their relationships, and society.
Drug use up Small towns remain much safer on the whole than urban areas.
Drug used against advanced breast cancer is also effective in early treatment, study finds.
Drug using youth are just as entitled to good treatment as non-drug using youth.
Drugs account for as much as eighty percent of losses due to theft in the workplace.
Drugs act by either mimicking or blocking the activities of compounds in our bodies.
Drugs act differently in different amounts .
Drugs act differently in different amounts.
Drugs address a specific problem whereas herbs act to heal the whole body.
Drugs administered by injection, however, are virtually impossible to remove once inside the skin.
Drugs adversely affect the baby.
Drugs affect a woman's natural ability to deliver safely.
Drugs affect all infants in almost the same way.
Drugs affect almost every family and tears apart our society from the base.
Drugs affect our body chemistry.
Drugs affect people in many ways.
Drugs affect perceived duration.
Drugs affect small quantities of people, but food affects many more people on the mass market.
Drugs affect so many areas of society.
Drugs affect the chemical receptor sites in the brain, sometimes inducing change and creativity.
Drugs affect the lives of many people.
Drugs affect the nervous system and can damage the heart and lungs.
Drugs affect the resting heart rate.
Drugs affect the various areas of the brain and change normal brain activity.
Drugs affected include debrisoquine and spartine.
Drugs afford a form of massive stimulus which is sometimes effective.
Drugs aimed at new targets in the viral life cycle are few and far between.
Drugs also are so easy to smuggle that there are always new ways to elude border controls.
Drugs also can be toxic and create undesirable side-effects.
Drugs also effect sensation and impair memory.
Drugs also have an effect on crime.
Drugs also matter.
Drugs also produce rashes directly without involving an allergic reaction.
Drugs also take over the whole system.
Drugs also trigger different side effects.
Drugs alter brain chemistry.
Drugs alter brain function - no question about that.
Drugs alter judgment and perspective, and interfere with physical, emotional, and social growth.
Drugs are a bad choice.
Drugs are a big business.
Drugs are a big lie.
Drugs are a big part of the club culture.
Drugs are a big part of the scene and it's giving it a bad rap.
Drugs are a big piece of the health care market.
Drugs are a big problem for small firms, say experts.
Drugs are a big time business in Mexico.
Drugs are a bigger problem .
Drugs are a bigger problem than alcohol.
Drugs are a both a supply problem and a demand problem.
Drugs are a class issue.
Drugs are a common cause of impotence.
Drugs are a common factor, and the increase in drugs means the increase in convictions.
Drugs are a common sight in the hallways and locker rooms.
Drugs are a dead end road.
Drugs are a dead end.
Drugs are a disease spread by musicians.
Drugs are a dominant concern.
Drugs are a fixture.
Drugs are a force of nature , like the tide.
Drugs are a frequent topic of debate among ravers.
Drugs are a glorious escape, and to be encouraged, but they do addle the mind temporarily.
Drugs are a god for some people.
Drugs are a gone life.
Drugs are a good alternative to restraints.
Drugs are a good business.
Drugs are a good example of the temptations.
Drugs are a good example.
Drugs are a great evil to humanity.
Drugs are a handy, attractive escape.
Drugs are a horrible dehumanization of society.
Drugs are a huge cash crop for the banks, military and organized crime.
Drugs are a huge problem with many young teens.
Drugs are a key component of the Canadian health system.
Drugs are a major business here, although it is being reduced significantly.
Drugs are a major concern of educators, particularly as it relates to violence.
Drugs are a matter of choice.
Drugs are a means to temporary peace.
Drugs are a medical and criminal problem.
Drugs are a most insidious thief of life and talent in our society today.
Drugs are a much more serious matter.
Drugs are a national plague.
Drugs are a part of society, and have been for centuries.
Drugs are a part of the world they live in, in many cases.
Drugs are a pathology.
Drugs are a problem all over the world.
Drugs are a problem as in other states.
Drugs are a problem in our society.
Drugs are a problem throughout the division.
Drugs are a problem, for sure.
Drugs are a problem.
Drugs are a quick fix to the pain.
Drugs are a real handicap.
Drugs are a real problem in our society and in the schools.
Drugs are a risk too heroin, cocaine.
Drugs are a scourge on our community, preying on our children and our families.
Drugs are a serious problem, and crack and powder cocaine are dangerous drugs.
Drugs are a sign of weakness.
Drugs are a significant source of revenue and cost in the cancer treatment model.
Drugs are a societal problem.
Drugs are a subject that has paralyzed American political leadership for a generation and more.
Drugs are a system, and they never stop moving.
Drugs are a terrible menace, and students are getting busted for handing out aspirin tablets.
Drugs are a tragedy for addicts.
Drugs are a tremendous threat to stability throughout the entire region.
Drugs are a very addictive substance and once an addict always an addict.
Drugs are a very big part of our life.
Drugs are a world wide issue, one that requires a multilateral response.
Drugs are able to circulate to all parts of the body and attack cancer cells through out the system.
Drugs are addictive.
Drugs are against the law and so the manufacturers are illegal.
Drugs are against the law.
Drugs are agents.
Drugs are alien to our culture.
Drugs are also a big problem for the society.
Drugs are also a common alternative to psychotherapy.
Drugs are also available.
Drugs are also combined to minimize their dose-limiting toxicities.
Drugs are also common causes of insomnia.
Drugs are also habit forming.
Drugs are also something to be aware of.
Drugs are also widely available, particularly a locally grown leaf called khat .
Drugs are always a possibility.
Drugs are among the most, frequent identified causative factors.
Drugs are an economy that is accessible to people who have no other opportunities.
Drugs are an equal opportunity destroyer.
Drugs are an essential part of most civilized societies.
Drugs are an important part of the life of street children.
Drugs are an intense, visceral experience.
Drugs are an obvious lure into a life of crime for women, but so, surprisingly, are gangs.
Drugs are an unacceptable threat to our nation.
Drugs are an undeniable draw for many rave fans.
Drugs are another area where research has made a major impact on policy and practice.
Drugs are another issue, but see the complexity of the issue of driving.
Drugs are another matter.
Drugs are another.
Drugs are as attainable as bubble gum.
Drugs are as rampant today as ever.
Drugs are as widely available now as they ever have been.
Drugs are at the root of all of society's evils.
Drugs are available and seem to be acceptable.
Drugs are available at ages that are simply abominable.
Drugs are available for cats and people.
Drugs are available in Russia in abundant supply and are comparatively cheap.
Drugs are available regardless of what our government does.
Drugs are available that can at least treat the symptoms.
Drugs are available that, when taken beforehand, prevent the occurrence of motion sickness.
Drugs are available throughout Scotland and in every type of area.
Drugs are available to curtail the outbreak of sores and reduce pain.
Drugs are available to increase that blood flow by dilating the coronary arteries.
Drugs are available to prevent the disease, and it is curable if diagnosed early.
Drugs are available to treat associated infertility in men and women.
Drugs are available today to block the dopamine rush.
Drugs are back with a vengeance.
Drugs are back.
Drugs are bad - let's make no mistake about that.
Drugs Are Bad .
Drugs are bad and drug addicts are bad people, except for the hero who is just confused.
Drugs are bad kid, stay in school.
Drugs are bad m'kay.
Drugs are bad, but so is censorship.
Drugs are bad, drugs are bad.
Drugs are bad, either from an emotional or from an intellectual point of view.
Drugs are bad, except the ones that finance campaigns.
Drugs are bad.
Drugs Are Bad.
Drugs are basically poisons.
Drugs are better than that.
Drugs are big business.
Drugs are biologically active molecules used to treat disease states.
Drugs are but a small piece of the pie of law enforcement s responsibilities.
Drugs are but one of many possible techniques, having their own risks and limitations.
Drugs are by far the most commonly used of the biological therapies.
Drugs are by no means necessary.
Drugs are by no means the only commodity used to finance conflicts.
Drugs are capable of damage.
Drugs are cheap to produce.
Drugs are cheap.
Drugs are cheaper than ever and available anywhere.
Drugs are cheaper there because of the exchange rate.
Drugs are cheaper, more plentiful, and purer than ever before.
Drugs are cheaper, more pure and more widely available than at any other time in our history.
Drugs are chemical substances, which are material.
Drugs are chemical substances.
Drugs are chemicals or substances that change the way our bodies work.
Drugs are chemicals that are intended to alter body function.
Drugs are chemicals that change the way our bodies work.
Drugs are chemicals.
Drugs are chemicals.
Drugs are common examples of haptens.
Drugs are cool.
Drugs are created by synthesis.
Drugs are dangerous, pushed or prescribed.
Drugs are dangerous, whether they are legal or illegal.
Drugs are dangerous.
Drugs are deadly.
Drugs are definitely a no-no.
Drugs are definitely more harmful than herbs and natural cures.
Drugs are devices used for pacification and avoidance of pain or restlessness.
Drugs are disastrous to children.
Drugs are drugs.
Drugs are dumb.
Drugs are easier and cheaper to get than ever.
Drugs are easier to get than alcohol.
Drugs are easily accessible in many jails.
Drugs are easy and cheap to manufacture.
Drugs are easy to obtain in any town, or any size.
Drugs are effective, but they're also controversial.
Drugs are either weak acids or weak bases.
Drugs are eliminated from the body either unchanged or as metabolites.
Drugs are entirely illegal.
Drugs are everywhere and that's hard.
Drugs are everywhere, even in the little towns.
Drugs are everywhere, from the inner city ghettos to the gated estates of the privileged classes.
Drugs are everywhere, simply everywhere.
Drugs are everywhere.
Drugs are expensive and have known side effects.
Drugs are expensive and hospitals and other medical facilities are few and far between.
Drugs are expensive because they are illegal.
Drugs are expensive for a small group of people, most of whom are seniors.
Drugs are expensive.
Drugs are far from the only answer, however.
Drugs are favored over herbs since they can be patented and sold to patients for great profits.
Drugs are for losers.
Drugs are for quitters and losers.
Drugs are for scumbags, pukes and gangbangers.
Drugs are for sick people.
Drugs are free for all patients.
Drugs are fun.
Drugs are funny.
Drugs are generally equal opportunity employers.
Drugs are generally far more toxic than their plant counterparts.
Drugs are good.
Drugs are good.
Drugs are harmful.
Drugs are heavily in use and there are leaden racial jibes and stereotyping.
Drugs are helpful or harmful depending on their use.
Drugs are here to stay.
Drugs are illegal and dangerous.
Drugs are illegal because they are dangerous.
Drugs are illegal in India.
Drugs are illegal in the united Kingdom.
Drugs are illegal now.
Drugs are illegal there, just as in many other countries.
Drugs are illegal, dangerous, and addictive.
Drugs are illegal, destructive and deadly.
Drugs are illegal.
Drugs are important in some cases.
Drugs are important.
Drugs are in a different order of magnitude than alcohol because they are instantly harmful.
Drugs are in charge of all too many people.
Drugs are in our faces and in our yards.
Drugs are in there too.
Drugs are inanimate objects and are therefore of no danger to anyone.
Drugs are inanimate objects.
Drugs are inescapable.
Drugs are intrinsic to the smuggling rings.
Drugs are just a part of their weekend routine.
Drugs are just a short-term cure.
Drugs are just a straight dead end.
Drugs are just another easy way out of escaping everyday problems.
Drugs are just as dangerous as the reptile's deadly venom.
Drugs are just as deadly as loaded guns.
Drugs are just some particular classification of influence, and somewhat of a vague one at that.
Drugs are less expensive, more pure and more available than ever before.
Drugs are like a salve against horrid reality.
Drugs are like candy to some kids.
Drugs are like that.
Drugs are likely to have a different impact on children than adults.
Drugs are likely to offer the most exhilarating experience many people are ever likely to encounter.
Drugs are located in bottles.
Drugs are located in concerts.
Drugs are located in cupboards.
Drugs are located in doctors.
Drugs are located in drugstores.
Drugs are located in ghettos.
Drugs are located in pharmacies.
Drugs are located in pills.
Drugs are located in schools.
Drugs are located in universities.
Drugs are located in veins.
Drugs are medicine.
Drugs are merely peripheral to the situation.
Drugs are morally wrong.
Drugs are more available than ever.
Drugs are more of a problem.
Drugs are more potent and less expensive despite record arrests and incarceration of drug offenders.
Drugs are more prevalent and the exportation proceeding at a greater rate than ever before.
Drugs are more satisfying than sex.
Drugs are more than just a bad thing that bad people do.
Drugs are most effective when used as part of multimodal treatment programs.
Drugs are most likely to be the cause of temporary incontinence.
Drugs are neither good nor bad.
Drugs are neither magical nor benign.
Drugs are neither the solution nor the problem.
Drugs are never a solution.
Drugs are never a substitute for sound management.
Drugs are new to Ireland and it is indeed unfortunate they have reached here.
Drugs are no different.
Drugs are no exception.
Drugs are no good without hospitals, doctors, nurses and basic equipment.
Drugs are no longer a moral issue, but an economic one and economics are irreversibly global.
Drugs are no longer a product of the inner city.
Drugs are no longer looked down upon, They are a way of life.
Drugs are nothing new.
Drugs are now a way of life in Afghanistan and Pakistan.
Drugs are now available that dissolve cholesterol gallstones.
Drugs are now ideal for sexual assaults.
Drugs are now readily available throughout the United Kingdom.
Drugs are now the fastest-growing component of medical care.
Drugs are of immense benefit to modern society and have enhanced and prolonged life.
Drugs are of little use.
Drugs are often an important factor.
Drugs are often the culprit and can be changed.
Drugs are on our streets.
Drugs are one of Satan's most powerful weapons.
Drugs are one of the key social issues in our world, but nobody's talking about it.
Drugs are one of the least costly methods of improving health.
Drugs are one of the main problems for residents.
Drugs are one of the miracles of modern science.
Drugs are one of the most destructive forces in our society.
Drugs are one part of the equation, but anything can become an obsession.
Drugs are only part of an addict's problem.
Drugs are only part of the reason for the declining epidemic.
Drugs are only slightly less effective for petit mal seizures.
Drugs are out and suffocation is in.
Drugs are part of a broadly curative approach to health care.
Drugs are part of Hollywood.
Drugs are perfect for that.
Drugs are pleasurable but destructive.
Drugs are popular because they allow the user to escape from reality for a time.
Drugs are powerful chemicals.
Drugs are present in every community, from the richest to the poorest.
Drugs are prevalent in virtually every city, town, township, borough and community.
Drugs are primarily a means to make vast sums of money.
Drugs are probably another.
Drugs are quite prevalent in our society.
Drugs are rampant in our prisons, rape is a favorite pastime.
Drugs are rampant.
Drugs are readily available.
Drugs are real violence.
Drugs are removed from the body by various elimination processes.
Drugs are responsible for a large part of crime.
Drugs are responsible for a large percentage of our crime.
Drugs are scarce and out of reach.
Drugs are scarce and relatively expensive.
Drugs are serious, but so is sex.
Drugs are sexier than booze.
Drugs are small ligand molecules that interact with macromolecular surfaces.
Drugs are small medicine.
Drugs are so common place.
Drugs are something everyone has to deal with in their life.
Drugs are something that everyone has a connection with in one way or another.
Drugs are somewhere at the root of most crimes.
Drugs are sophisticated tools.
Drugs are still a problem in America, and cocaine is one of the worst.
Drugs are still available.
Drugs are still quite rare in Hungary, since they are so expensive.
Drugs are strictly a demand-side problem.
Drugs are stupid.
Drugs are substances that alter mood, mind or behavior.
Drugs are substances that can change the way the mind and body work.
Drugs are substances that cause changes to the body.
Drugs are substances that change chemical reactions in the body.
Drugs are substances which by their nature have an effect on the mind and body.
Drugs are substances.
Drugs are symbols charged with cultural tension.
Drugs are terrible.
Drugs are tested in a series of stages to find out if they are safe and effective.
Drugs are the biggest barrier to safe sex.
Drugs are the biggest crime problem in Hagerstown.
Drugs are the biggest problem but fighting and being armed with knives are just as bad.
Drugs are the biggest problem, but fighting and being armed with knives are just as bad.
Drugs are the common denominator for most offenders in the criminal justice system.
Drugs are the current historical sequel to long term institutionalization and chains - and lobotomy.
Drugs are the excuse.
Drugs are the fastest rising cost in the health care system.
Drugs are the first line method of treatment if the situation allows it.
Drugs are the least expensive way of dealing with illness.
Drugs are the least important aspect of the total treatment program.
Drugs are the main evil against which the Norwegian authorities are always battling.
Drugs are the main reason that there is a failure rate with abstinence.
Drugs are the main reason.
Drugs are the most common cause of treatment-induced depression.
Drugs are the mother of all evil.
Drugs are the obvious answer.
Drugs are the reason.
Drugs are the root cause of all evils.
Drugs are the root cause of overall crime in our city.
Drugs are the root of all evil.
Drugs are the slavery of our time.
Drugs are the third largest industry coming only after food and electronics.
Drugs are the usual first line of treatment for epilepsy.
Drugs are to cure illness, relieve symptoms and prevent disease.
Drugs are too expensive for senior citizens.
Drugs are tools doctors use to fight infection, treat disease, and relieve pain.
Drugs are tough pills to swallow.
Drugs are toxic and have side effects.
Drugs are uncertain.
Drugs are unhealthy or unsafe.
Drugs are used for healing.
Drugs are used for takings.
Drugs are used for treatment.
Drugs are used to eliminate the worms.
Drugs are useful to control pain and discomfort, although medication can have side effects.
Drugs are usually a thing that frustrated students turn to, students who are bored and dissatisfied.
Drugs are usually copies of natural substances produced by our own bodies.
Drugs are usually only a problem during early pregnancy.
Drugs are very complicated.
Drugs are very easily obtainable in very many parts of Britain, and drug-related crime has risen.
Drugs are very often present.
Drugs are very popular here too.
Drugs are very serious.
Drugs are very specific for a particular disease state.
Drugs are way better.
Drugs are well-known precipitants of similar symptoms.
Drugs are widely available.
Drugs are without a doubt the most powerful corrupters of the police and the court system.
Drugs are wrong.
Drugs are, indeed, combated above all where the prerequisites for a good youth are created.
Drugs are, of course illegal.
Drugs are, of course, illegal.
Drugs associated with attacks include ethanol, barbiturates, and anticonvulsants.
Drugs associated with decreased testosterone levels are megesterol, ketoconazole, and cimetidine.
Drugs Avoid any involvement with drugs.
Drugs become safer .
Drugs become so much more important than caring for children when a person is addicted.
Drugs become the means to escape the violence that they constantly are exposed to.
Drugs being investigated include digoxin and corticosteroids.
Drugs bind to a number of proteins.
Drugs blocking monoamines cause depression.
Drugs bound to albumin remain in the general circulation.
Drugs breed other crimes.
Drugs called corticosteroids are the most common treatment used in fighting sarcoidosis.
Drugs called corticosteroids are the most important treatment used in fighting sarcoidosis.
Drugs can accumulate, causing toxicity unless the dosage is reduced.
Drugs can act at many different levels of organization.
Drugs can actually improve performance.
Drugs can affect almost every step in the communication between neurons.
Drugs can affect any of the near vision factors in dose related fashion.
Drugs can affect denture fit and wearability.
Drugs can affect one another, rendering some less potent and making others too powerful.
Drugs can affect people physically, psychologically or both.
Drugs can alleviate symptoms such as shakiness.
Drugs can also cause problems with sexuality.
Drugs can also create the potential for addiction, even in young children.
Drugs can also damage the lining of the esophagus, for example, potassium and iron supplements.
Drugs can also help patients manage anemia.
Drugs can also inhibit erectile functioning locally.
Drugs can also interact at the cell level.
Drugs can also lead teens into difficulty outside school.
Drugs can also move between cell junctions.
Drugs can alter the cycle as well.
Drugs can alter the rate of existing biologic processes.
Drugs can be a shortcut to creativity.
Drugs can be dangerous, but so can misinformation.
Drugs can be dangerous, but so is driving a car, surfing, and skiing.
Drugs can be toxic.
Drugs can be useful if behaviour modification is being conducted during the thunder storm season.
Drugs can be 'useful' operations.
Drugs can be useful things, but scheduled substances are illegal for a reason, usually.
Drugs can be wonderful tools for the care of people of all ages.
Drugs can be wonderful tools.
Drugs can become part of such a dysfunctional pattern.
Drugs can become, instead, a very intense problem.
Drugs can bring undesirable side effects.
Drugs can cause fevers.
Drugs can cause mood swings.
Drugs can cause the brain to send the wrong signals to the body.
Drugs can cause unhealthy babies or even early birth giving of an abnormal baby.
Drugs can cause various degrees of maternal, fetal, and neonatal toxicity.
Drugs can cause vascular or non-thrombocytopenic purpura.
Drugs can cloud judgment and place individuals at higher risk of engaging in risky behavior.
Drugs can contain large amounts of sodium.
Drugs can control disease for about seven years.
Drugs can control symptoms.
Drugs can control the chorea somewhat, but benefits are often outweighed by the side effects.
Drugs can create a dangerous environment for people emotionally, especially crystal meth.
Drugs can destroy a family.
Drugs can destroy health, careers, marriages, families and whole neighborhoods.
Drugs can destroy societies.
Drugs can do anything from diminish pain, to preventing blood clots, to helping a depressed person.
Drugs can do it, too.
Drugs can do no more than control the illness.
Drugs can do permanent damage to the brain.
Drugs can do that faster and more effectively, in most cases, than can chiropractic.
Drugs can ease pain, but they can also produce an alley full of drug addicts.
Drugs can exacerbate unknown or known pre-existing conditions.
Drugs can generate a lot of money and that money can affect the way a country is run.
Drugs can have a very wide range of effects.
Drugs can have devastating consequences.
Drugs can have devastating effects on all of our body systems.
Drugs can have many different effects on a person's health.
Drugs can have positive or negative effects depending upon how they are used.
Drugs can have unexpected effects, eg.
Drugs can help dampen that desire, although no one knows exactly how.
Drugs can help to control depression, difficult behaviour and agitation.
Drugs can hurt lots of lives.
Drugs can induce cell proliferation at low doses and kill cells at higher concentrations.
Drugs can influence behavior by altering neurotransmitter activity.
Drugs can influence our thinking and our belief system in subtle ways.
Drugs can influence the person to hate people for no reason and they are killed with guns.
Drugs can interact at various locations in the body.
Drugs can interact in many ways.
Drugs can interact with one another making one more poisonous or less effective.
Drugs can interact with other drugs and food or alcohol.
Drugs can interact with other drugs, foods or alcohol.
Drugs can interfere with memory, sensation, and perception.
Drugs can interfere with the normal expression of grief.
Drugs can kill, of course.
Drugs can lead to suicide.
Drugs can look like candy.
Drugs can lose their efficacy over time.
Drugs can mask the symptoms- but cause damage.
Drugs can offer relief but are no match for the progressive nature of the disease.
Drugs can offer relief for years and then fail for a variety of reasons.
Drugs can often hold the immune system in check.
Drugs can only help eliminate the symptoms.
Drugs can only make the road much more narrow, which can lead to a dead-end street.
Drugs can only treat the symptoms.
Drugs can overwhelm the immune system so that the horse's body depends on it.
Drugs can reduce a dog s ability to respond to changes in the environment.
Drugs can reduce inflammation and pain.
Drugs can reduce the swelling and stop the death of nerve cells.
Drugs can remain in the body long after use has stopped.
Drugs can result in autoimmunity and production of antinuclear antibodies.
Drugs can rob youngsters of energy and the ability to concentrate and perform.
Drugs can ruin or end lives, but they don t always, just like alcohol or cigarettes.
Drugs can similarly have adverse effects among nondependent users.
Drugs can slow hair loss or even produce new hair, but only in a limited number of people.
Drugs can slow or even reverse the damage it causes.
Drugs can slow or speed transmission across the gap.
Drugs can so rapidly and dramatically change the brain that the brain is basically hijacked.
Drugs can stall the disease's progress, and the sooner the better.
Drugs can stimulate or block dopamine receptors.
Drugs can take away that freedom to think and act as an individual.
Drugs can temporarily boost healing rates or increase carry capacity.
Drugs carry an aura of excitement, rebellion, and just plain coolness.
Drugs cause addiction.
Drugs cause physical and emotional dependence.
Drugs cause rashes in several ways.
Drugs cause trips.
Drugs change everything.
Drugs change the qualities of the athletes themselves.
Drugs cheat adolescents of what can be the best years of their lives.
Drugs chosen for their toxicity towards tumor cells can also cause toxicity towards normal tissues.
Drugs claim many victims and cause rejection and suffering.
Drugs come from someplace.
Drugs come through our border and are transported to states throughout the nation, even New York.
Drugs commonly prescribed include steroids, chlorambucil, fludarabine, and cladribine.
Drugs commonly used include dilantin, propranolol, quinidine, and disopyramide.
Drugs continue to be a problem in many Philadelphia neighborhoods.
Drugs continue to blight and indeed destroy far too many human lives.
Drugs continue to blight and, indeed, destroy far too many human lives.
Drugs continue to disrupt American life and destroy American lives.
Drugs contribute to the biggest factor in success in school - absenteeism.
Drugs control our thoughts, and the end result is that drug addicts are sent to their deaths.
Drugs corrode a whole society.
Drugs corrupt the environment of an institution.
Drugs cost a fortune.
Drugs cost little to produce yet sell at a high price per milligram.
Drugs cost money - lots of money.
Drugs cost money, and the simplest way to raise the money needed to buy drugs is to steal.
Drugs cost more because of campaign contributions from the pharmaceutical industry.
Drugs cost more so holdups and burglaries increase.
Drugs cost more.
Drugs cost so much because they are expensive to develop.
Drugs covered include marijuana and other illegal drugs, alcohol and tobacco.
Drugs cross all socio-economic lines, and all areas of criminal enterprise.
Drugs cross race and class lines.
Drugs dealing with baldness, impotence and weight loss are the most common.
Drugs decreasing heart rate include opioids, beta blockers and halothane.
Drugs deliver something at first, but here's how it works.
Drugs designed to offset side effects from the main drug treatments can only be a stop-gap answer.
Drugs designed with the aid of genome sequencers are probably a decade away.
Drugs destroy families and lives.
Drugs destroy lives and communities, undermine sustainable human development and generate crime.
Drugs destroy the athlete's life.
Drugs destroy thousands and thousands lives.
Drugs destroy young lives, breed crime and tear families apart.
Drugs destroy young lives.
Drugs Developing friendships is a cornerstone principle in all fraternities and sororities.
Drugs differ in our countries.
Drugs Discuss the effects of drugs on society.
Drugs discussed include prescription, over the counter as well as illegal drugs.
Drugs dispensed by the pharmacy are subject to a system of redundant independent checks.
Drugs distort moral judgment.
Drugs distributed in fat have a wider distribution.
Drugs do have side effects.
Drugs do more damage and have more negative effects than therapeutic value.
Drugs do stay in the system for a longer amount of time than it initially affects the person.
Drugs do terrible harm, and sometimes kill.
Drugs do the same thing.
Drugs don t seem to help.
Drugs don 't take people, people take drugs.
Drugs eliminated by tubular secretion include cimetidine and procainamide.
Drugs enslave people.
Drugs enter directly into the baby's bloodstream when used during pregnancy.
Drugs enter Kosovo from Albania and Macedonia.
Drugs enter Kosovo from either Albania and Macedonia.
Drugs enter the country in commercial goods, over land, by mail, by air, and by ferry.
Drugs essentially are poisons.
Drugs fail patients.
Drugs falling within defined classifications, in contrast, are simply illegal.
Drugs fill a gap .
Drugs flow across the Mexican border faster than illegal aliens.
Drugs force the body.
Drugs generally cost less in Canada because of government support and a favorable exchange rate.
Drugs generally have their effect at the synapse.
Drugs generate their own economy - that is undeniable.
Drugs get to the baby.
Drugs give the power to find more glamour.
Drugs given intravenously are often more effective as they are absorbed by the body quickly.
Drugs given to individuals in material doses frequently cause side effects or adverse reactions.
Drugs given to reduce the swelling include corticosteroids and mannitol.
Drugs gives somebody something to be about.
Drugs go in the body in the psychedelic form and come out as a metabolite.
Drugs happen in small towns, too.
Drugs has no place in society.
Drugs have a completely different meaning to pain patients, however.
Drugs have a high value per gram.
Drugs have a longer duration of activity and can have a greater or lesser drug effect.
Drugs have a lot to do with it too.
Drugs have a lot to do with the prostitutes' no-nonsense fashion.
Drugs have a place in the stalls only in exceptional circumstances.
Drugs have a profound effect on the developing brain of an adolescent.
Drugs have an adverse effect on appearance, personality, and mind.
Drugs have basically one active component while Herbs offer multiple healing components.
Drugs have diffferent effects on men and women due to hormonal and weight differences.
Drugs have direct relevance to our society.
Drugs have enslaving-destructive effects on people's lives.
Drugs have equal addiction potential.
Drugs have immediate effects upon neurotransmitters, but mood is improved weeks later.
Drugs have many side effects and offer only temporary relief.
Drugs have no curative value as a treatment for syringomyelia.
Drugs have no place in football or any other sport or in our society.
Drugs have no place in our lives.
Drugs have no place on a boat.
Drugs have nothing to do with it.
Drugs have the ability to distort one's perception of the outside world.
Drugs have their own particular effects on the functioning of the nervous system.
Drugs have to be monitored with scans and therapies.
Drugs have undesirable side-effects, while only subduing symptoms to a lesser degree.
Drugs have unfortunate side effects, including drowsiness and nausea.
Drugs have very different half lives, that differ in many people.
Drugs have, for example, even become entrenched in the educational system.
Drugs help manage the symptoms, but there is no cure.
Drugs help many, but patients whose hearts worsen despite medication have few options.
Drugs help to alleviate the most disturbing symptoms of the illness.
Drugs help, but the process is considered irreversible.
Drugs hinder getting back up.
Drugs impair emotional growth and learning.
Drugs impair the brain's ability to synthesize information.
Drugs increasing heart rate include ketamine, ether, atropine and pancuronium.
Drugs infiltrate every sector of the economy, every class of people in Colombia.
Drugs influencing consciousness, as hypnotics and anxiolytics, are further topics of interest.
Drugs initially quell the symptoms but over time cause violent side effects.
Drugs interact adversely with certain nutrients.
Drugs interact with receptors in different ways either to elicit or to block a physiologic response.
Drugs interfere with healthy eating and digestion.
Drugs interfere with neurotransmitters.
Drugs interfere with the brain's ability to take in, sort, and synthesize information.
Drugs involve criminality, illegality and instability.
Drugs is a painful problem already.
Drugs is a quick resolution.
Drugs is a self confession to temporary excitement.
Drugs is a symptom that something is wrong.
Drugs is another good example.
Drugs is big ZERO.Life is cool without drugs.
Drugs is no longer a left-right issue.
Drugs is one of the most lethal crimes imaginable.
Drugs is one, witchcraft another, homosexuality a third.
Drugs is the one area of health care spending that is out of control.
Drugs just hide feelings.
Drugs keep people healthier and out of hospitals.
Drugs kill and enthrall.
Drugs kill more than that in four years.
Drugs kill society.
Drugs kill the body and sometimes the soul.
Drugs kill vulnerable strains of germs, but the tough survive and flourish.
Drugs kill, so does arsenic.
Drugs kill. . .
Drugs known as bronchodilators can prevent attacks by widening the airways.
Drugs known as mucolytics break up the mucus in the lungs.
Drugs lead the cause of anaphylaxis.
Drugs leave residues in the veal.
Drugs lessen the person's ability to cope with life's difficulties.
Drugs listed in all capital letters are brand names drugs.
Drugs listed in small case are generic drugs.
Drugs Look for Republican budget proposals to beef up anti-drug funding.
Drugs lose effectiveness because the microbes they fight become resistant.
Drugs lure people back because they tap into a very primal system in the human brain.
Drugs made in such factories can cost thousands of dollars per gram to produce.
Drugs make an impact on Christian missions in several ways.
Drugs make normal function abnormal.
Drugs make people crazy and murderous.
Drugs make people kill.
Drugs make people psychotic.
Drugs mean money.
Drugs merely alleviate some of the pain from unpleasant truths.
Drugs mimic the brain's natural chemicals.
Drugs mix a lot better with rock'n roll than they do with literature.
Drugs move within our countries and across our borders on a daily basis.
Drugs muddle the mind.
Drugs never correct imbalances.
Drugs never cure a disease.
Drugs never cure.
Drugs never fix the cause of decreased health, they only mask symptoms, stimulate, or inhibit.
Drugs now move around the world in all directions.
Drugs offer a feeling of freedom and relaxation.
Drugs offer a sensation of euphoria and often a feeling of invincibility, even of immortality.
Drugs offer a way out, but as time wilt reveal, it wilt be the wrong way.
Drugs only address the symptoms, herbs address the cause.
Drugs only mask symptoms.
Drugs only pass through here on their way to somewhere else.
Drugs only treat the symptoms and bad side effects often make the problem worse.
Drugs only treat the symptoms and harmful side effects often make the problem worse.
Drugs only treat the symptoms.
Drugs open the door to crime, delinquency, violence and neglect.
Drugs operate as blocking agents and can thus function atone.
Drugs ought to be pretty much the same.
Drugs -Pharmakia in the last days.
Drugs play a part too - cannabis culture is the central theme.
Drugs play a particular role in healthcare, one that is well recognized.
Drugs play a role, to different degrees, in the lives of many young people.
Drugs play an important role in the therapeutic process.
Drugs play no role in an honest man's life.
Drugs pose a serious threat to society.
Drugs pose an equal opportunity threat to every kind of school.
Drugs pose possible party risk Dangerous drugs threaten the safety of students.
Drugs pour across it day and night.
Drugs prescribed by a medical practitioner are free .
Drugs prescribed by a medical practitioner are free.
Drugs prescribed by doctors affect women differently than men.
Drugs prescribed for arthritis can also have sexual side effects.
Drugs present the leading crime challenge in the border region but other crimes are also a problem.
Drugs produce harmful as well as beneficial effects.
Drugs Promoting a war against drugs is politically expedient.
Drugs properly used can relieve pain, prevent infection and save lives in limited amounts.
Drugs provide limited benefits for some people.
Drugs provide no nutrition for the body.
Drugs provide the instant hit.
Drugs Provides brief profiles of industries.
Drugs range from aspirin to heroin.
Drugs reach the market more quickly today than in the past.
Drugs really are, like, bad.
Drugs reduce inflammation, relieve pain and can rejuvenate the joint.
Drugs Relate to celebrities for discussion.
Drugs relate to gangs.
Drugs remain a major cause for drowing in teens.
Drugs remain cheap and plentiful within the United States.
Drugs remain the main avenue of pain relief for patients suffering from chronic cancer pain.
Drugs remain the mainstay of treatment of patients with atrial fibrillation.
Drugs represent less than half of total sales.
Drugs represents a synthetic joy.
Drugs rob our young people of their hope and their initiative.
Drugs ruin countless lives.
Drugs ruin promising lives before they ever have a chance to begin.
Drugs See individual species below.
Drugs See w hat to stay away from and why.
Drugs seek to hide symptoms and most drugs have serious side effects.
Drugs seem expensive, but the alternatives are more costly.
Drugs seem to be everywhere.
Drugs seem to be related to the jockey's murder.
Drugs seem to give an extra boost.
Drugs seem to make the individual more confident, more important, and less vulnerable.
Drugs seems to be the root of most of their problems.
Drugs sell themselves.
Drugs simply create problems which effect society in several ways.
Drugs simply mask the symptoms, herbs assist in the healing.
Drugs sing the lyrics.
Drugs sold for humans generally sell for more than drugs sold for animals.
Drugs sold to commercial wholesale buyers typically cost at least twice as much.
Drugs Stay away from illegal drugs.
Drugs stay in the body for various periods of time.
Drugs stay in the body longer and can then cause daytime sleepiness.
Drugs steal away so much.
Drugs still claim a disproportionate number of black lives.
Drugs still ruin lives.
Drugs stupefy the body and mind.
Drugs Supports giving doctors greater flexibility to prescribe medicinal marijuana.
Drugs Supports stronger penalties for first time cocaine possession.
Drugs suppress the immune system.
Drugs take control fast.
Drugs take the chemical place of denied love.
Drugs take time to work.
Drugs taken during pregnancy can damage the fetus.
Drugs tear apart families and affect the quality of life.
Drugs temporarily displace the sense of flight or fight.
Drugs tend to make one believe one is having more fun than one actually is.
Drugs tend to make parents less responsible and more neglectful.
Drugs tend to reduce an already diminished level of judgement, reasoning, and impulse control.
Drugs tend to work on the body's chemistry rather than having an effect on the spirit.
Drugs then leave the liver and enter the general circulation.
Drugs then step in as a stimulant.
Drugs threaten our nation's youth.
Drugs travel in the blood and in breast milk.
Drugs travel through the entire body, and impact on several parts of the body.
Drugs truly are the core of our crime problem.
Drugs turn kids into criminals.
Drugs typically work by interacting strongly, in a structure-specific way, with particular proteins.
Drugs unfortunately are unable to cure the illness and are only limited to prevent possible attacks.
Drugs unquestionably have the potential to alter the body's immunity.
Drugs used are for stimulating the skin and healing the lesions.
Drugs used are unique mood stabilizers.
Drugs used during pregnancy can have temporary or permanent effects on the fetus.
Drugs used for anesthesia generate large amounts of free radicals.
Drugs used for maintenance therapy include ganciclovir, foscarnet, and cidofovir.
Drugs used in chemotherapy are toxic, but antiangiogenic drugs work in a completely different way.
Drugs used in chemotherapy specifically find and destroy cells that are rapidly dividing.
Drugs used in chemotherapy use different ways to stop tumor cells from dividing.
Drugs used include neostigmine, distigmine, and pyridostigmine.
Drugs weaken and damage and even destroy communities.
Drugs weaken the immune system and keep it from working well.
Drugs work against malaria by killing the parasite in the human host and by creating immunity.
Drugs work at the cellular level, inhibiting acid flow by antagonising some receptors.
Drugs work by altering or enhancing certain processes within the body.
Drugs work by binding specifically to a protein, thus changing the protein's function.
Drugs work by causing subtle changes in body chemistry.
Drugs work by various physiological mechanisms.
Drugs work in different ways.
Drugs work in the brain by mimicking natural chemicals, called neurotransmitters.
Drugs work on an individual to individual basis.
Drugs work on parts of the body by attaching to special 'docking stations' on the surface of cells.
Drugs work to a certain extend.
Drugs wreak havoc upon our families and communities.
Drugs often are bitter.
Drugs often become an enticing escape from their real world.
Drugs often cause serious side effects, and sometimes even create new diseases.
Drugs often contribute to our sleeping difficulties.
Drugs often fail in giving pain relief.
Drugs often have side effects.
Drugs often interfere with that control.
Drugs often lead to other problems such as sex and violence.
Drugs often pass hands in quiet daylight just a few yards from Devon's front lawn.
Drugs often play a role in women choosing a hospital birth.
Drugs often sell for significantly less in nearby Canada, due to drug price controls.
Drugs sometimes cause delirium.
Drugs usually featured are alcohol, marijuana, cocaine, and rohypnol.
Drugs usually have only one generic name.
Drugs usually leave the body through the liver and the kidneys.
All drug prices a subject to change.
All drug related dismissals are subject to referral to the district attorney s office.
All drugs affect the baby.
All drugs affect the body and the mental processes in some way.
All drugs are a waste of time.
All drugs are addictive to some extent.
All drugs are bad.
All drugs are capable of producing side effects and adverse reactions that put the consumer at risk.
All drugs are dangerous.
All drugs are eligible for discounts.
All drugs are free.
All drugs are harmful and wrong.
All drugs are more dangerous under a system of strict prohibition.
All drugs are poison.
All drugs are poisons to a greater or lesser extent.
All drugs are to be deposited with and administered through the nurse's office.
All drugs are toxic or poisonous when abused.
All drugs are toxic or posionous if abused.
All drugs are unique.
All drugs bear the potential for manifest and silent, unknown, injury, even death.
All drugs become poisons in high enough doses and many poisons are useful drugs in low enough doses.
All drugs can be dangerous and risky to use.
All drugs can be expensive to buy.
All drugs can be harmful if misused.
All drugs can be toxic or poisonous when abused.
All drugs can have side effects, even nonprescription medicines.
All drugs can kill.
All drugs carry a price.
All drugs carry risks.
All drugs carry some risk.
All drugs carry the possibilities of adverse reactions, often serious.
All drugs cause brain changes-but so does learning.
All drugs cause changes in brain function.
All drugs cause deficiencies of nutrients that are used in the body's work of detoxifying the drugs.
All drugs cause mood swings.
All drugs come from labs.
All drugs contain inherent risks.
All drugs do.
All drugs elicit a response by affecting function.
All drugs go through clinical trials, including cancer therapies.
All drugs have a generic name.
All Drugs have a generic name.
All drugs have a potential to cause physical harm, every last one.
All drugs have an expiration date.
All drugs have at least two names.
All drugs have both beneficial and harmful effects.
All drugs have both potential hazards and benefits.
All drugs have contraindications to beware.
All drugs have different cases of scarring.
All drugs have good effects and potential side-effects, rhythmol and tambocor included.
All drugs have possible side effects.
All drugs have problems, it's a case of weighing the benefits and risks.
All drugs have psychotic properties which demand their careful regulation.
All drugs have risks.
All drugs have side effects and everyone has different reactions to drugs.
All drugs have side effects which can result in the discontinuation of effective therapy.
All drugs have side effects, and can interact with each other and produce further complications.
All drugs have side effects, and rare ones are unlikely to show up in clinical trials.
All drugs have side effects.
All drugs have some side effects.
All drugs have specific characteristic actions on the body to alleviate symptoms.
All drugs have the potential for adverse effects.
All drugs have the potential to be toxic if used in an indiscriminate manner.
All drugs have the potential to become psychologically habit forming.
All drugs have the potential to produce unwanted and toxic effects.
All drugs influence the human body.
All drugs levy their price.
All drugs modify brain function.
All drugs offer combinations of pleasure and harm.
All drugs pose risk.
All drugs prescribed also attract charges.
All drugs produce multiple effects.
All drugs produce side effects because they act on more than one type of receptor in the body.
All drugs produce some side effects.
ALL drugs produce varying results in different people, just as they produce varying side effects.
All drugs react differently with each individual.
All drugs used in the Gulf ought to be declassified.
All drugs work at the same speed.
Any drug can be dangerous if misused.
Any drug can be harmful.
Any drug can bring physical dependence, but it is most common with sedatives and narcotics.
Any drug can cause pancreatitis.
Any drug can trigger an allergic reaction.
Any drug classified as a hallucinogen can exacerbate any pre-existing neuroses or disorders.
Any drug has an intrinsic risk associated with it.
Any drug has the potential to be misused.
Any drug has the potential to cause an allergic reaction, rash, headache, dizziness and lethargy.
Any drug has the potential to cause problems, accidents and even death.
Any drug is dangerous.
Every drug has a role.
Every drug has certain effects and possible side-effects that vary significantly in each individual.
Every drug has harmful physical and psychological side effects.
Every drug has potential side effects or toxicities.
Every drug has side affects with long term use.
Every drug has side effects and usually, the lower the dose, the lower the side effects.
Every drug has side effects.
Every drug has some side effects.
Every drug has the potential to cause harm as well as to do good.
Every drug has three names, a chemical name, a brand name, and an official name.
Every drug is compared to marijuana.
Every drug is covered, and all trade names are also stated in brackets.
Every drug is dangerous in different doses.
Every drug is different from all other drugs.
Every drug is essentially an experimental drug for any given individual.
Every drug is good for somebody.
Every drug is liver toxic and for every drug given there are side effects.
Every drug is tested for many years to watch for possible side effects.
Many drugs sometimes cause more problems than they cure.
Many drugs act as opiate antagonists.
Many drugs act by binding to enzymes or receptor sites.
Many drugs act on cellular signaling pathways.
Many drugs affect sexual behavior, including recreational drugs like alcohol and ecstasy.
Many drugs affect the level of alkaline phosphatase in the blood.
Many drugs also decrease a flow of saliva.
Many drugs are addictive or cause a state of dependency.
Many drugs are addictive.
Many drugs are also available to lower high blood pressure.
Many drugs are available for it.
Many drugs are available for treating fungal infections.
Many drugs are available in the United States months before they are approved for use in Canada.
Many drugs are available to dissolve the clots and restore blood supply.
Many drugs are available to help prevent and treat osteoporosis.
Many drugs are available to treat glaucoma.
Many drugs are available to treat pain.
Many drugs are available.
Many drugs are currently available to treat depression.
Many drugs are effective in only a subset of patients.
Many drugs are excreted in male ejaculate.
Many drugs are heavily secured.
Many drugs are illegal in America.
Many drugs are in the pipeline but few have broken out in the marketplace.
Many drugs are no longer available or are available in inconvenient dosage forms.
Many drugs are now available.
Many drugs are obtained from the roots of plants which are therefore valuable commercially.
Many drugs are poisonous if taken in overdose.
Many drugs are present even though it is the drug of the same generic name.
Many drugs are still effective after their expiration date.
Many drugs are used as medicine to help make sick people better.
Many drugs benefit the elderly.
Many drugs bind to the gel leading to lower concentrations in the measured sample.
Many drugs can affect an unborn baby.
Many drugs can be addictive, and can affect the body adversely.
Many drugs can be harmful or can have unknown effect on the baby.
Many drugs can become habit-forming if used excessively.
Many drugs can cause an acute attack.
Many drugs can cause gynecomastia by several mechanisms.
Many drugs can cause hair loss.
Many drugs can have an effect on sperm production.
Many drugs can heighten or trigger a sense of anxiety and paranoia.
Many drugs can increase or decrease the level of uric acid.
Many drugs can increase the effects of baclofen, which can lead to heavy sedation.
Many drugs can increase the effects of carisoprodol and lead to heavy sedation.
Many drugs can increase the effects of metaxalone, which can lead to heavy sedation.
Many drugs can increase the effects of methocarbamol and lead to heavy sedation.
Many drugs can increase the effects of orphenadrine and lead to heavy sedation.
Many drugs can increase the effects of orphenadrine, which can lead to heavy sedation.
Many drugs can induce thrombocytopenia mediated by drug-dependent antiplatelet antibodies.
Many drugs can inhibit the growth of cells.
Many drugs can interact with one another.
Many drugs can interact with the oral agents.
Many drugs can pass from the mother s blood stream through the placenta to the fetus.
Many drugs can precipitate anxiety in the persons who are ill.
Many drugs can produce more than one effect, depending on the quantity taken.
Many drugs cause people to see a little too well in a new dimension and hallucinate.
Many drugs cause severe drowsiness or even unconsciousness if too much is taken at one time.
Many drugs cause their effects by a. acting at synapses.
Many drugs commonly given to horses can be extremely dangerous to humans.
Many drugs commonly used today are of herbal medicine origin.
Many drugs commonly used today are of herbal origin.
Many drugs contain sulfur, early examples being antibacterial sulfonamides , known as sulfa drugs.
Many drugs do have side effects or work differently on some people.
Many drugs exert their effects by binding to receptors and altering normal cellular communication.
Many drugs focus on affecting the neurontransmitters in the body.
Many drugs get to their site of action through the bloodstream.
Many drugs go through metabolic activation in the patient.
Many drugs have a side-effect of constipation.
Many drugs have anticholinergic effects- including phenothiazines.
Many drugs have fewer side-effects and can be taken less frequently.
Many drugs have important behavioral actions.
Many drugs have low oral bioavailability because of extensive first-pass metabolism.
Many drugs have more characteristic presentation or photoactivation.
Many drugs have multiple side effects that can be even more devastating than the problem it treats.
Many drugs have names that look alike or sound alike.
Many drugs have names that sound alike, causing confusion for doctors and nurses.
Many drugs have side effects that impact the effectiveness or absorption of other medications.
Many drugs have the potential of causing hair loss.
Many drugs have the potential to cause thrombocytopenia.
Many drugs have the potential to improve our health and enrich our lives.
Many drugs have the potential to produce nephrotoxicity.
Many drugs have tiresome side effects in the first few weeks of use, which subside with time.
Many drugs have uncomfortable, undesirable, even dangerous side effects.
Many drugs have unexpected effects when they are taken with alcohol.
Many drugs have very novel beginnings.
Many drugs have what is known as a therapeutic level.
Many drugs induce specific enzymes.
Many drugs inhibit melatonin production.
Many drugs interact directly with proteins to block or enhance a particular action.
Many drugs interact with antibiotics.
Many drugs interact with brain mechanisms involved in affect, cognition, and behavior.
Many drugs interfere with diabetes treatments by directly affecting blood sugar levels.
Many drugs interfere with test results.
Many drugs just have the primary effect and the daughter products are innocuous.
Many drugs multiply the effects of alcohol or have other side effects.
Many drugs now carry warnings against drinking grapefruit juice with the pills.
Many drugs pass less readily into the brain than into the other tissues.
Many drugs pass through the kidneys and come out in the urine unchanged.
Many drugs pose a risk for erectile dysfunction.
Many drugs pose a risk to the normal development of a fetus.
Many drugs produce active metabolites in clinically relevant concentrations.
Many drugs react badly with alcohol.
Many drugs react in a negative way when combined with alcohol.
Many drugs show slow oxidation in the presence of atmospheric oxygen.
Many drugs taken by older persons can interfere with erections and the libido of both men and women.
Many drugs used in hypertension and cardiac disease interact with anaesthetic agents.
Many drugs used in the treatment of hypertension are vasodilators or cardiac depressants.
Many drugs used recreationally can produce psychosis when taken in high doses.
Many drugs used to treat certain medical problems can produce symptoms of anxiety.
Many drugs used to treat humans also end up in livestock feed.
Many drugs work by mimicking a naturally occurring hormone or neurotransmitter in the body.
More drug reaches the transplanted organ.
More drugs are available than ever before.
More drugs are in clinical trials now than even a few years ago.
More drugs are in the works.
More drugs just seem to increase the toxicity with no increased benefit.
More drugs leads to nothingness.
Most drugs affect our inhibitions about sex.
Most drugs affect the brain and nervous system.
Most drugs also come with a long list of side effects.
Most drugs appear in the milk, but only in very tiny amounts.
Most drugs appear in the milk, but usually only in tiny amounts.
Most drugs appear on the same federal and state schedule.
Most drugs are also poisons.
Most drugs are chemicals that disrupt the life cycle of the organism involved.
Most drugs are chemicals that either speed up or slow down some enzyme in the human body.
Most drugs are either physically or psychologically addictive.
Most drugs are either weak acids or weak bases.
Most drugs are medicines, and have to be proven safe and effective before they can be sold at all.
Most drugs are much less powerful than the marketing hype.
Most drugs are relatively small chemicals.
Most drugs are simply molecules that bind selectively to a specific molecular site.
Most drugs are too small for the body to recognize as foreign, so there is no immune response.
Most drugs are very small molecules, much smaller than antibodies.
Most drugs are weak acids or bases at physiologic pH .
Most drugs can escape detection through urinalysis within a few days.
Most drugs circulate in the blood bound to plasma albumin.
Most drugs contain heterocyclic rings.
Most drugs do have some legitimate purpose on occasion and do provide some benefit.
Most drugs fall into five categories.
Most drugs follow a set pattern of resistance mutations.
Most drugs go by a variety of names.
Most drugs have polar and non-polar characteristics or are weak acids or bases.
Most drugs just prevent the disease from expressing itself symptomatically.
Most drugs just suppress the stomach acids that lead to heartburn.
Most drugs leave the body within days or hours after they have been taken.
Most drugs offer special risks to children.
Most drugs produce effects over a constant period of time.
Most drugs require a prescription although pain relievers are available off the shelf.
Most drugs take at least two weeks to have an effect.
Most drugs when used at half their prescribed dose have little or no effect.
Some drug treatments the side effects of certain drugs can occasionally cause erectile problems.
Some drugs accumulate in a baby's system and can potentially build to toxic levels.
Some drugs act as bladder relaxants, while others work to strengthen muscle contraction.
Some drugs act by interfering with mycolic acid synthesis.
Some drugs acting on brain neurons are very effective at removing symptoms of schizophrenia.
Some drugs actually become toxic after the expiration date.
Some drugs adversely affect breasts.
Some drugs affect only cholesterol, some lower triglycerides, and others reduce both substances.
Some drugs also sedate and have side effects too.
Some drugs also stimulate excess water consumption and excretion.
Some drugs alter consciousness, open the aura and make one more sensitive to psychic vibrations.
Some drugs appear to be able to reduce the symptoms slightly in some patients.
Some drugs appear to have different effects on human and non-human animals.
Some drugs are addictive.
Some drugs are barely profitable.
Some drugs are clearly more harmful than others.
Some drugs are difficult and expensive to obtain in certain countries.
Some drugs are difficult to obtain in certain countries and expensive.
Some drugs are excreted in saliva, sweat, breast milk, and even exhaled air.
Some drugs are good for some, and bad for others.
Some drugs are hepatically metabolized and possess a high extraction ratio.
Some drugs are illegal because they are very addictive .
Some drugs are illegal because they are very addictive.
Some drugs are just too big to get into the milk.
Some drugs are legal.
Some drugs are less addictive than others, but can cause severe health problems with frequent use.
Some drugs are less effective if taken with alcohol.
Some drugs are less irritating when taken with food.
Some drugs are monopolies or near monopolies.
Some drugs are more addictive than others.
Some drugs are more cost-effective because they reduce side effects.
Some drugs are more effective with acid urine.
Some drugs are more extensively metabolised than others.
Some drugs are more likely to cause rashes in children than others.
Some drugs are more soluble in fats, others in water.
Some drugs are much more likely than others to cause nausea.
Some drugs are once a day regimens facilitating the continuance of the therapy.
Some Drugs are physically deadly poison in easily ingestable amounts.
Some drugs are prescribed for multiple conditions.
Some drugs are reabsorbed, whereas others are secreted into the filtrate.
Some drugs are simply too expensive for patients and for public health systems.
Some drugs are so toxic that even one use can be fatal.
Some drugs are sold only when the purchaser shows a medical prescription to the seller of medicines.
Some drugs are sufficiently volatile they can be carried into the nose through an inhaler.
Some drugs are useful to control symptoms such as agitation.
Some drugs are very toxic at higher levels.
Some drugs become more potent when combined with grapefruit juice.
Some drugs become toxic after the expiration date.
Some drugs block or stimulate the release of specific neurotransmitters.
Some drugs bring about a change in one's emotions.
Some drugs can affect the fetus.
Some drugs can aggravate insomnia.
Some drugs can also cause constipation.
Some drugs can also cause or make acne worse.
Some drugs can also dilate the pupil and lead to an attack.
Some drugs can be a problem for the baby.
Some drugs can be especially harmful at the end of pregnancy.
Some drugs can be helpful, such as propranolol or endomethicin.
Some drugs can bind and to the same site and yet have different maximal activity.
Some drugs can cause anal itching.
Some drugs can cause hyperuricaemia.
Some drugs can cause long-term changes such as gum swelling or unsteadiness.
Some drugs can cause oral problems.
Some drugs can cause transient damage to certain organ systems.
Some drugs can cause violent and unpredictable behavior.
Some drugs can damage the cochlea, especially streptomycin, or excessive use of aspirin.
Some drugs can decrease or increase nutrient absorption.
Some drugs can do both.
Some drugs can help the body, but others can harm it.
Some drugs can increase the likelihood of violent behavior.
Some drugs can interact with methadone when it is bound to plasma proteins.
Some drugs can interfere with insulin, leading to diabetes.
Some drugs can make it difficult for men to ejaculate.
Some drugs can make seeing dim objects more difficult.
Some drugs can mimic the disease.
Some drugs can produce a physical dependency when the body adapts to the presence of the drug.
Some drugs can produce chronic damage, including tumors.
Some drugs can slow down the metabolism of other medications, while others can speed up the process.
Some drugs can suppress immune system activity.
Some drugs can upset the stomach lining and cause ulcers and cancer.
Some drugs can worsen acid reflux symptoms.
Some drugs can, in certain patients, markedly reduce the risk of future heart problems.
Some drugs carry a risk of damaging bone marrow.
Some drugs cause damage, for example to the brain or the liver.
Some drugs cause hyperpigmentation predominantly in exposed skin areas.
Some drugs cause impotence in hours, and some in weeks.
Some drugs cause nausea and vomiting.
Some drugs cause the muscle to be very flaccid, or loose and rubbery.
Some drugs contain large amounts of sodium.
Some drugs continue to kill parasites for many days to weeks after they are given.
Some drugs contribute to dehydration or fluid retention.
Some drugs decrease the production of blood cells by the bone marrow for a variable period of time.
Some drugs derange the mind Some substances are responsible for many violent crimes of derangement.
Some drugs do both.
Some drugs elicit an odd response in children when compared to the average adult.
Some drugs enhance the effectiveness of radiotherapy in treating certain cancers.
Some drugs even require cutting tablets in half for children.
Some drugs exist in a number of crystal forms or polymorphs.
Some drugs expire more quickly than others.
Some drugs have a cumulative or combined action which is more likely to be harmful for the baby.
Some drugs have a direct impact on brain chemistry.
Some drugs have a medicinal effect, and some are used recreationally.
Some drugs have a mixed effect.
Some drugs have active metabolites that exert different effects from the parent compound.
Some drugs have balance problems as a possible side effect.
Some drugs have certain predeterminants.
Some drugs have depressant side effects along with their main medical effect.
Some drugs have fillers that some patients are allergic to.
Some drugs have limits on the amount that the pharmacist can dispense.
Some drugs have links to articles on their use.
Some drugs have medicinal uses.
Some drugs have more potent addictive properties than others.
Some drugs have side effects like drowsiness, acne or weight gain.
Some drugs have side effects which damage hearing.
Some drugs have single patterns of mutation, but others have complex and unpredictable patterns.
Some drugs have the potential to cause birth defects while taken in the early stages of pregnancy.
Some drugs have to be taken for several days or even weeks before their effect is apparent.
Some drugs have very similar names.
Some drugs increase blood cholesterol levels.
Some drugs increase dopamine by preventing dopamine reuptake, leaving more dopamine in the synapse.
Some drugs induce liver enzymes, resulting in lower hormone levels.
Some drugs influence the absorption of nutrients from food and create additional nutritional needs.
Some drugs inhibit a man's sexual performance.
Some drugs inhibit contractions of an overactive bladder.
Some drugs interfere with absorption of iron.
Some drugs interfere with the body's ability to absorb nutrients.
Some drugs interfere with the body's uptake of important nutrients.
Some drugs just have to kick in and act faster than others.
Some drugs kill lice.
Some drugs lead to an unhealthy dependency that has both physiological and behavioral roots.
Some drugs leave the system faster than others.
Some drugs lend themselves to easy naming.
Some drugs lessen the pain.
Some drugs manufactured in the United States are much cheaper in Canada, Mexico and other countries.
Some drugs negatively interact with each other.
Some drugs pass through the body very quickly.
Some drugs pass through the liver and are transformed by chemicals.
Some drugs pass through the liver unchanged and are excreted in the bile.
Some drugs prevent diseases.
Some drugs produce diarrhea as a side effect or as drug toxicity .
Some drugs produce unwanted side affects.
Some drugs reduce a woman s sexual desire.
Some drugs reduce a woman's sexual desire.
Some drugs remain clinically useful despite the development of characteristic resistance mutations.
Some drugs remain unchanged and are slowly filtered by the kidneys.
Some drugs require larger and larger amounts to produce the same effect.
Some drugs require prior authorization.
Some drugs require processing by the body before they become effective.
Some drugs seem to directly stimulate pleasure centers in the brain.
Some drugs seem to improve liver function blood tests.
Some drugs slow people down and some speed people up.
Some drugs stay in the baby's system after birth.
Some drugs tighten muscles at the bladder neck and urethra, preventing leakage.
Some drugs too cause hangover.
Some drugs treat multiple conditions.
Some drugs trigger asthmatic attacks.
Some drugs typically remain in the system longer than others.
Some drugs used for the treatment of mental illness can have an effect on the thyroid gland.
Some drugs work best in combination.
Some drugs work best when administered to fit the body's schedule.
Some drugs work best when taken to fit the body's clock.
Some drugs work better when absorbed through the skin than when taken as pills.
Some drugs work by the inhibition of the reuptake of the neurotransmitter.
Some drugs work to reduce pressure by slowing the flow of fluid into the eye.
Drugged babies can barely move.
A drugget is a rug
Druggets are simpler and more colorfully designed rugs made from the fleece of white-haired sheep.
Druggings are drug therapy.
A druggist is a caregiver
Druggists elsewhere say they see similar problems.
Druggists invest a great deal of time learning to prepare what the doctors order.
Druggists say they have never had such a demand for a new remedy . . .
Druggists sell liquor as prescription or non-prescription.
Drugs dealers are always sober and self-controlled, despite their trade.
Many drugs effects depend on how they are taken.
Drugs law operates within the wider context of criminal law.
Drugs misuse touches the lives of far too many young people.
Drugs policy is the ultimate political football, no interest in facts, only in political symbolism.
Drugs prohibition is, too.
Drugstore beetles have antenna that end in three enlarged segments.
A drugstore is a store
Drugstore take down the chains.
Drugstores are all out of Valium.
Drugstores are also on the move in the market.
Drugstores are pharmacies.
Drugstores are retail stores.
Drugstores are shops.
Drugstores fare better in slowdowns, since historically more people tend to get sick.
Drugstores have a good supply of imported goods, but are expensive.
Drugstores make the sick walk all the way to the back of the store to get their prescriptions.
Drugstores remain the outlet of choice for the majority of buyers.
Drugstores say they vaccinate more high-risk patients than doctors' offices.
Drugstores sell crayons and pool toys.
Drugstores supply dental damns.
Drugstores There are several drugstores in the Charlottetown area to choose from.
Drugstores usually sell packets of oral rehydration solution.
All drugstores sell small tablets used to sterilize the baby's drinking bottles.
Every drugstore carries it, but sometimes it's hard to find.
Many drugstores sell toiletries in trial size - perfect for a short business trip.
Most drugstores carry an over-the counter product.
Most drugstores carry eardrops that combat bacteria.
Most drugstores have products specially designed for perimenopausal women.
Most drugstores seem to have copiers.
Most drugstores sell it.
Some drugstores carry it.
Some drugstores even carry non-prescription computer glasses.
Druid army fends for itself.
Druidic philosophy points to knowledge as the key to self-awareness.
Druidic students trace the ancestral lineage of the Welsh gods as a primary tool of their education.
A druidism is a paganism
Druidism can help create an environment in which such leadership can develop.
Druidism has before it the most comprehensive and vital task possible.
Druidism is about seeking the truth.
Druidism is one of the world s most misunderstood religions.
Druidism is our modern adaptation of ancient Celtic religion.
Druidism is public worship for relatively large groups.
Druidisms are paganisms.
Drum beats are unpredictable.
Drum beats fill the small courtyard.
A drum brake is a hydraulic brakes
Drum brakes are available with dual hydraulic and cable control parking.
Drum brakes are brakes.
Drum brakes are hydraulic brakes.
Drum brakes are prone to fade, or heat buildup, which reduces their effectiveness.
Drum brakes are the worst to work on.
Drum brakes do the slowing on both ends and work via levers on either side of the handlebars.
Drum brakes have a primary shoe which goes to the rear and a secondary shoe which goes to the front.
Drum centroids are all that is required.
Drum circle is under sycamore trees by the creek.
Every drum circle has it's magic moments.
Drum corps perform with drums and bugles designed specifically for the activity.
Drum fishing is on the upswing and only a few muskie have been legally hooked.
Drum groups learn their songs through constant repetition.
Drum groups play throughout the weekend, taking turns in the various dance categories.
All drum groups are welcome to participate.
Drum kits are the basis of most pop music .
Drum kits are the basis of most pop music.
Drum language is taught both in the primary and junior secondary schools throughout the country.
Drum loops are the latest trend in groove generation.
Drum loops has no tone.
Drum machine is prevalent.
Drum machines are specialized sample playback units with a variety of drum sounds in memory.
Drum machines come in very handy for guitar recordings.
Drum machines have an onboard sequencer, and can record their own patterns and songs.
Drum machines replace drummers.
Drum magazines hold their cartridges in a circular mode.
Many drum manufacturers use springs inside the lug casings to hold the receiver in place.
Most drum manufacturers are content to use die cast lugs.
Drum muffles can reduce the ring, overtone frequencies, or volume on a snare , bass , or tom .
Drum pads are also common on many electronic keyboards.
Drum player is the general conductor of the troupe.
Drum recorders are optional, providing a continuous visual record of activity.
Drum samples are nicly hidden, yet can be heard.
Drum samples are short, clean, distinct and intentionally plastic.
Drum scans are also available.
Drum scans are available for the demanding use.
Drum scans can retrieve practically anything that is on film, but the cost is high.
Drum scans pick up exceptional details in shadow and highlight areas.
Drum scans provide the best color balance and details.
Drum scanners are large beasts.
Drum scanners are mainly the province of scanning bureaux and high quality professional work.
Drum scanners are relatively expensive.
Drum scanners have high price tags and provide very high-quality output.
All drum sections seem to be a whole band in themselves.
Drum shells are machine spun from one piece of Aluminium.
Drum shipments constitute the majority of the problems and are the main focus here.
Drum solos are an acquired taste, like black licorice.
Drum sounds are quite bad.
Drum sticks are choke cherry or red willow with brain tanned deer skin.
Drum sticks are of wooden cane.
Drum sticks are wood with padded leather heads attached with sinew.
Most drum stores carry sets of pads that also muffle sounds.
Drum tones are fuckin' awesome.
Drum tones are up and running.
Most drum tracks require no further knob-tweaking.
A drum is a musical instrument
Drum isa device.
Drums allow for the most improvisation of any instrument, so take advantage of that.
Drums appear to have been painted.
Drums are a different matter, of course.
Drums are a percussion instrument and can play a very big part in bringing people to worship.
Drums are a very physical instrument.
Drums are a very visual instrument.
Drums are all pads trying to keep everything electronic.
Drums are an accent.
Drums are an essential instrument in jazz music.
Drums are an important instrument in many cultures.
Drums are an important part of life and ceremony in many cultures.
Drums are at the ready and past director's pictures have the proper expressions.
Drums are available for play and for student rental.
Drums are available in hard anodized aluminum, chrome bronze, and polished bronze.
Drums are cans.
Drums are containers.
Drums are cool.
Drums are empty and clean.
Drums are everywhere.
Drums are full and basses powerful.
Drums are instruments.
Drums are interchangeable and uniquely identified with a barcode.
Drums are just drums.
Drums are killer.
Drums are light weight.
Drums are likely the oldest instrument known to mankind.
Drums are located in ears.
Drums are located in music stores.
Drums are located in orchestras.
Drums are located in parades.
Drums are located in rock bands.
Drums are located in stores.
Drums are made of wood.
Drums are membranes.
Drums are one of the most physically demanding of all musical instruments.
Drums are overall really good.
Drums are percussion instruments.
Drums are percussions.
Drums are photosensitive and can be damaged with prolonged exposure to light.
Drums are small portable instruments used to accompany native vocal and dance performances.
Drums are sound.
Drums are stackable and easy to handle.
Drums are steel with an iron phosphate interior coating.
Drums are still cool.
Drums are strapped onto the pallets.
Drums are the center of a ceremony, and the beat to which the dancers turn and move.
Drums are the main instrument used to give the music a variety of rhythm and beats.
Drums are the most difficult to record, and require the most time.
Drums are the primary form of communication used in Africa.
Drums are the primary source of music used during worship, and well as for other social events.
Drums are the top of the film scanning world.
Drums are triple-rinsed.
Drums are used for bangings.
Drums are used for beats.
Drums are used for drums.
Drums are used for hitting.
Drums are used for music.
Drums are used for rhythms.
Drums are VERY realistic.
Drums are vessels.
Drums begin to boom in tempo.
Drums break up thick energy very quickly and are good for clearing emotions.
Drums bring a certain magic to all forms of gatherings and celebrations.
Drums change to ride cymbals in 'b'.
Drums come in all shapes, sizes and materials of construction.
Drums come in apple and pear shapes.
Drums comes first.
DRUMs contain one high quality drum kit per disk.
Drums enter and after a little while the piano- melody gets a little bit more advanced.
Drums enter the second time through.
Drums Find a medium rock and one large rock.
Drums fit nicely and the pedal steel is a great addition.
Drums go beserk.
Drums go to ride at 'b'.
Drums have (part) sections.
Drums have a life of their own, and sometimes even a spirit, sometimes even a name.
Drums have an echo effect as they did on R n' R Over.
Drums have functions.
Drums have much better weight and presence, and the room ambiance is conveyed more convincingly.
Drums have Rimms systems all the way around with a bunch or extras.
Drums have specific functions.
Drums have the hard line bent at the top of the frame rail pointing to the ground.
Drums keep pounding a rhythm to the brain.
Drums kick in as the wind starts causing damage.
Drums play a backbeat, guitar plays bossa rhythm.
Drums play a central role in the both the song and dance.
Drums play light backbeat.
Drums produce sound.
Drums provide background African rhythms.
Drums provide the beat for the dance.
Drums range in size and are known by different names according to their size.
Drums relax their tone as the humidity in the hide increases.
Drums release the tension in our hearts.
Drums resound rustic clattering that colors the music as much as propels it.
Drums scare the cat.
Drums see below to see what they are up to now.
Drums separate the steam from the water.
Drums shuffle in and out of songs.
Drums sit on the underframe inside strong steel locating band and ride comfortably and evenly.
Drums sound nearby.
Drums sound real good, too.
Drums sound throughout the land.
Drums start the score, trombones and trumpets follow.
Drums start up.
Drums teach many lessons.
Drums turn up missing on more than one track where their presence seems anticipated.
Drums work away at some meaningless low-end pounding.
All drum sounds.
All drums are in flawless condition.
All drums are tunable and many have handles woven into the stringing.
All drums are welcome.
All drums come with sticks.
All drums feature our unique hand crafted snare bed for ultimate sensitivity .
All drums have coils that limit their safe operating capacity.
All drums welcome, hoops, frame, larger-voiced drums as well as smaller percussion instruments.
All drums welcome.
Any drum can have a hand painted head for a few extra bucks.
Every drum has a certain tension where it sounds better.
Every drum is handmade from natural materials and renewable resources- over a year long process.
Every drum is handmade from natural materials and renewable resources over a year-long process.
Many drums have their roots in the military and warrior tribes.
More drums come to light, along with severe soil and water contamination.
Most drums have functions.
Most drums have specific functions.
Most drums make their own songs, a task that requires talent and blessings from above.
Most drums produce sound.
Some drums have a carved handle.
Some drums have a crown to the lid as part of their design.
Some drums have a diameter that is bigger than the ordinary drum.
A drumbeat is a signal
Drumbeat continues after song is over, somewhat softer.
Drumbeat heralds end of play.
Drumbeat redefines extensibility.
Drumbeats are advocacy.
Drumbeats are signals.
Drumbeats continue throughout the banner parade.
Drumbeats have to come out of guys that sweat.
Drumbeats pulsate in the tropical heat.
Drumbeats rise and continue as the speech ends.
A drumlin is a drift
Drumlin isa object.
Drumlins are asymmetrical, canoe shaped hills made mainly of till.
Drumlins are common on the ground moraine of the eastern threequarters.
Drumlins are drifts.
Drumlins are examples of streamlined glacial landforms.
Drumlins are hills of glacial debris.
Drumlins are low hills composed of unstratified material.
Drumlins are oval shaped hills of boulder clay often deposited in groups on till plains.
Drumlins are small hills.
Drumlins are smooth, streamlined hills fromed within glaciers.
Drumlins are steeper on the upstream side.
Drumlins are streamlined hills made of glacial till.
Drumlins come in assorted sizes.
Drumlins have (part) sections.
Drumlins have shapes like overturned canoes.
Drumlins look like the upside-down bowls of teaspoons, or halves of teardrops.
Drumlins occur when glaciers locally readvance and override a previously deposited ground moraine.
Drumlins often form in groups or clusters.
Some drumlins are erosional features, carved by glacial processes out of the underlying basement.
A drummer is a percussionist
Drummer isa musician.
Drummers also have explosive tempers.
Drummers are able to execute basic rudiments.
Drummers are difficult.
Drummers are located in demonstrations.
Drummers are located in rock bands.
Drummers are musicians.
Drummers are people too.
Drummers are percussionists.
Drummers are perfectionists.
Drummers are radical.
Drummers are rare in little towns.
Drummers are responsible for sticks.
Drummers become dancers, dancers pick up drums, and everyone sings in soaring, uplifting harmonies.
Drummers can learn to spin and apply to their drum set performance.
Drummers can prolong their musical careers with EMMitetm drumsticks.
Drummers dancers singers.
Drummers do it faster and faster.
Drummers do it to the beat.
Drummers do it with rhythm.
Drummers hate drum machines, but record producers and lounge duos love 'em.
Drummers have (part) arms.
Drummers have (part) body substances.
Drummers have (part) cell membranes.
Drummers have (part) cells.
Drummers have (part) corpi.
Drummers have (part) cytoplasm.
Drummers have (part) heads.
Drummers have (part) human bodies.
Drummers have (part) legs.
Drummers have (part) material bodies.
Drummers have (part) necks.
Drummers have (part) nuclei.
Drummers have (part) personality.
Drummers have (part) plasma membranes.
Drummers have (part) sections.
Drummers have (part) vacuoles.
Drummers have jobs.
Drummers have one lesson per week.
Drummers inhabit the drum space, fashioning percussion instruments out of food containers.
Drummers join in and all move in a counter-clockwise direction, with the dance leader in the center.
Drummers maniacally hammer out beats.
Drummers never get enough glory, but they're the duct tape of the whole punk-rock infrastructure.
Drummers perform traditional African music.
Drummers Play each ex.
Drummers play too loud without considering what it does to the balance.
Drummers pound a rhythmic mesmerizing beat and sing a shrill song, a tremulous sustained scream.
Drummers practice their opening song and ask questions.
Drummers provide the rhythm for the singing.
Drummers rightfully cover the spectrum from bass drum to high hat.
Drummers tend to spend more time playing the snare and cymbals than the other drums.
Drummers understand that probably better than anyone.
Drummers use a drum key for tuning their drums and adjusting some drum hardware.
Drummers use a variety of accessories when practicing.
Drummers wear a day sporran.
Drummers worry about the fact that so much has already been said on the instrument.
Drummers always have more fun.
All drummers are welcome to participate.
Any drummer trying to copy the action is in for trouble.
Every drummer knows how important it is to be able to lock in with the bass player.
Many drummers have problems with tinnitis.
Many drummers like to feel the kick and hear the bass while hearing little else.
Many drummers sound alike.
Many drummers use thinner heads on their snare than the other drums.
More Drummers arrive and the spirits of the occasion are smiling in glee at the flavour.
Most drummers have jobs.
Most drummers use double-headed toms.
Some drummers die in crashes.
Some drummers drop the tempo just so they can squeeze in their favorite fills.
Some drummers have more than one hi-hat setup around their kit .
Some drummers have more than one hi-hat setup around their kit.
Some drummers make contributions.
Some drummers make valuable contributions.
Some drummers prefer the natural sound of wood tips.
Some drummers prefer to use only products sold by cymbal manufacturers.
Some drummers say to tune the bottom head slightly different from the top.
Some drummers still insist on playing acoustic drums.
Some drummers swear by one head on their toms or basses.
Some drummers use a snare stand to hold a tom, thus making it easier to position the tom.
Some drummers wear gloves to improve their grip on the sticks when they play.
Drummings are percussions.
Most drumstick manufacturers finish their drumsticks in bulk tumblers.
A drumstick is serving
Drumsticks are available with either buttend, wood, or nylon tips.
Drumsticks are helpings.
Drumsticks are of dowels and superballs.
Drumsticks are part of birds.
Drumsticks are part of turkeys.
Drumsticks are shafts.
Drumsticks are sticks.
Drumsticks come in two different styles.
Drumsticks sauteed with olives and capers, flavored with achiote seeds, then slow cooked with rice.
Drumsticks snap in for music on the go.
Drunk drivers are a problem, everyone knows that.
Drunk drivers are dangerous.
Drunk drivers are located in jails.
Drunk drivers are most common during the times of night when the Police are the busiest.
Drunk drivers are no longer alcohol abusers.
Drunk drivers are responsible for about half of all car crashes.
Drunk drivers are responsible for more than half of all traffic fatalities.
Drunk drivers can hurt themselves as well as others.
Drunk drivers can sue and collect punitive damages that current law prevents.
Drunk drivers cause almost half of all fatal crashes.
Drunk drivers cause far more accidents that stoned drivers.
Drunk drivers cause more deaths, injuries and destruction than muggers, rapists, and thieves.
Drunk drivers cause most of the truly absurd and senseless motor crashes in North America.
Drunk drivers deserve the full penalty.
Drunk drivers endanger themselves and others.
Drunk drivers have no business on our streets.
Drunk drivers have urine testeds.
Drunk drivers kill an additional seventy-thousand people at the same rate.
Drunk drivers kill innocent people.
Drunk drivers kill themselves and others.
Drunk drivers kill thousands of people each year in the United States.
Drunk drivers kill thousands of people each year.
Drunk drivers look out.
Drunk drivers receive an automatic jail sentence of one year hard labor.
Drunk drivers suck, but being stuck in a traffic jam when the apocalypse hits sucks even more.
Many drunk drivers are first offenders.
Some drunk drivers drive more safely than some sober drivers.
Some drunk drivers make their trips without incident.
Drunk girls are usually the easiest to get along with.
Drunk guys have lousy reflexes.
Some drunk guys dance in front of the scene.
Drunk pedestrians are another hazard on country roads.
Drunk people are an easy target for thieves.
Drunk people are funny.
Drunk people are located in bars.
Drunk people are located in parties.
Drunk people are really funny.
Drunk people assume everyone is having the same good time they are.
Drunk people can be a serious hazard to birds.
Drunk people get into arguments and fights often breaks out.
Drunk people have a notoriously short attention span.
Drunk people punt backflows.
Drunk people smell like alcohol.
Drunk people tend to get into fights, car accidents and other unpleasant situations.
Drunk people tend to talk a lot and brag about their exploits.
Drunk sex is neither safer nor consensual.
Drunk soldiers prowl the streets, picking fights and firing their weapons into the air.
Drunks are a prime target, and often police decoy units use the facade of a drunk for decoy attacks.
Drunks are almost immune.
Drunks are capable of drinks.
Drunks are disgraceful and ugly.
Drunks are drinkers.
Drunks are located in bars.
Drunks are located in bridges.
Drunks are located in concerts.
Drunks are located in gutters.
Drunks are located in jails.
Drunks are located in parks.
Drunks are slipping through the safety net largely because of understaffing, officials say.
Drunks become sober and productive people.
Drunks can be downright dangerous in camp.
Drunks love to philosophize.
Drunks manage it easily enough.
Drunks frequently walk into wrong apartments, or the wrong house.
Drunks often fall asleep during the drive.
Drunks sometimes do that.
Every drunk begins as a drinker, no doubt, but most drinkers remain drinkers.
Every drunk has stories.
Many drunks are.
Most drunks never find AA until they have hit bottom.
A drunkard is a juicer
Drunkard looks real bad now.
Drunkard returns to south.
Drunkards are drinkers.
Drunkards are located in bars.
Drunkards are the most loyal supporters of folk festivals.
Drunkards become sober.
Drunken boaters beware.
Drunken chatter continues.
Drunken drivers are less likely to be injured in a collision because they are relaxed.
Drunken drivers can cause many problems.
Drunken drivers escape, and worst of all when they do crash it is often the innocent who are maimed.
Drunken drivers face very severe penalties.
Drunken drivers have way too many rights and their victims have none.
Drunken drivers kill and injure more people on the roads than any other cause.
Drunken drivers kill people.
Drunken drivers take great risks while driving a motor vehicle in road traffic.
Most drunken drivers get away with it.
Drunken fans are happy fans.
Drunken guest leaves silent monks sleepless.
Drunken kids get out of control and that's what happened.
All drunken louts leave devastation in their wake.
Drunken man injures pilot on flight from Tenerife to Berlin Berlin.
Drunken men lose their integrity.
Drunken parties are a continuing hassle.
Drunken passengers are a potential danger to all on board.
Drunken passengers get rowdy and force a plane to land prematurely so the culprit can be arrested.
Drunken people tend to get aggressive.
Drunken revelry is always fun.
Drunken revelry is festivity
Drunken revelry is no longer an admired part of American culture.
Drunken sailors can think up about anything for fun.
Drunken shrimp is a popular dish in parts of China.
Drunken style is one of the hardest kung fu styles to master.
Drunken vertigo is unpleasant.
Drunken villagers gather outside, dancing the night away to the beat of drums.
Drunken whims seem to be a standard around here.
Some drunken yahoo decides to drag someone to death behind a pick-up truck.
Drunkenness is a state
Any drunkenness is a violation of the standards.
A drupe is fruit
Drupes are consumed by birds, which can disperse the viable seeds.
Drupes are different from berries.
Drupes are fruit.
Drupes are very attractive, but are largely hidden by the foliage until the leaves drop.
Drupes have a hard seed pod surrounded by a mass of softer tissue.
Drupes have multiple seeds and fused carpels.
Drupes have one seed enclosed in a hard case surrounded by flesh.
Drusy quartz is basically minute crystals on colorless quartz or white chalcedony quartz.
Drusy spheroids cover the walls and partially fill some of the vugs.
Druther be livin' here in poky Israel than some insane place, like out there in Palestine.
Dry acids are certain tartrates, phosphates, or sulfates.
Dry air allows the temperatures to drop much lower overnight than humid air.
Dry air can aggravate upper respiratory problems.
Dry air can also cause static electricity and furniture to crack during dry months.
Dry air can cause chapping of the skin, increasing the possibility of allergies.
Dry air can cause congestion and block the Eustachian tubes.
Dry air can cause eye irritation and even respiratory illness.
Dry air can cause havoc on our bodies, making the winter feel miserable.
Dry air can cause problems with spider mites.
Dry air can contribute to itchiness, and most homes with central heating are too dry in winter.
Dry air can deplete our skin of moisture, causing cracking, chapping, and irritation.
Dry air can mean dry skin and dry breathing passages for our pet birds.
Dry air causes skin to become dry, as can excessive bathing with strong soaps and hot water.
Dry air consists of nitrogen.
Dry air continues on over the mountain passages.
Dry air entering the lungs heats up and is exhaled saturated with moisture.
Dry air exists when all of the contaminants and water vapor have been removed from atmospheric air.
Dry air heats up faster than wet air as it descends the eastern side of the Rocky Mountains.
Dry air increases the evaporation of water from the skin.
Dry air increases the safety margin protecting patients from airborne fungal infections.
Dry air is a good insulator.
Dry air is added to maintain test conditions.
Dry air is another good sign.
Dry air is drawn into the humidifier, passes through the wick and absorbs moisture.
Dry air is easier to cool than humid air.
Dry air is heavier .
Dry air is non-corrosive.
Dry air is the best.
Dry air is used as the reference in psychrometrics.
Dry air leads to daily fluctuations.
Dry air leads to fluctuations.
Dry air leads to temperature fluctuations.
Dry air leads to wide daily fluctuations.
Dry air leads to wide fluctuations.
Dry air loses temperature twice as rapidly as damp.
Dry air make the relative humidity low preventing either extreme from being two unpleasant.
Dry air means dry corks, which eventually come to differ little from sponges.
Dry air observing sites are best.
Dry air passes over membranes.
Dry air passes the cuvette and is wettened by the transpiring oat leaf.
Dry air poses a threat to plants, and to human throats and noses as well.
Dry air pulls water from the lips.
Dry air reduces the number of mites.
Dry air retains less heat than moist air.
Dry air tends to cause the plant to put out deformed growth.
Dry air tends to make coughs worse.
Most dry air leads to daily fluctuations.
Most dry air leads to fluctuations.
Most dry air leads to temperature fluctuations.
Most dry air leads to wide daily fluctuations.
Most dry air leads to wide fluctuations.
Most dry air passes over membranes.
Some dry air affects breathe patterns.
Some dry air causes problems.
Some dry air leads to dehydration.
Dry applications are safer to apply than spray applications.
Dry areas are extremely hard to come by in aquatic facilities.
Dry areas created by global circulation patterns contain most of the deserts on the Earth.
Dry areas have prickly pear cactus.
Dry areas heal faster.
Some dry areas are deficient in lime.
Dry atmospheres present problems.
Dry bacteria has a shelf life of up to two years.
Dry bags are heavy duty rubber bags with waterproof zippers, often used by whitewater enthusiasts.
Dry bags are the answer.
Most dry baits are available as prepared products.
Dry basement has large family room, optional bedroom, utility room and storage.
Dry bean is very susceptible to fertilizer salt injury.
Dry beans are an economical source of protein compared to meat and other meat alternates.
Dry beans are an excellent, convenient source of soluble fiber.
Dry Beans are and continue to be an important and valuable commodity to Michigan agriculture.
Dry beans are extremely sensitive to frost and thus the growing season is quite limited.
Dry beans are high in fiber, low in fat and a low-cost meat alternative.
Dry beans are high in protein.
Dry beans are legumes that biologically fix N through a symbiotic N fixation process.
Dry beans are rich in protein, iron, calcium, phosphorus and potassium.
Dry beans are the core of our business.
Dry beans cost less than canned and are lower in sodium.
Dry Beans cwt.
Many dry beans contain a good source of potassium naturally.
Dry bedding is essential for the health of a dwarf hamster.
Dry beriberi affects the nervous system .
Dry beriberi affects the nervous system.
Dry blowers are unique to arid areas of Australia where there is no water to run a 'wet plant'.
Dry bone can swell and crack.
Dry bone exhibits some piezoelectric properties.
Dry bones come to life.
Dry boxes are a great solution for packing out garbage and human waste too.
Dry branches are more sensitive to heat from lights.
Dry branches lying on the ground are a fine source of fuel.
Dry brush is very flammable.
Dry buttermilk is available is most supermarkets.
Dry buttermilk is for use in recipes calling for buttermilk.
Any dry camp has no water or garbage service.
Dry campsites are few and far between.
Dry campsites are often very pleasant places such as ridges and hill tops.
Some dry capsules contain seeds.
Some dry capsules contain wing seeds.
Dry carbohydrates are often good at calming any morning sickness as well.
Dry carriers provide bulk full-load services for commodities such as grain, coal, and iron ore.
A dry cell is a cell
Dry cells are such wet cells with a minimum amount of water sealed in.
Dry cells are used in many electrical appliances .
Dry cells are used in many electrical appliances.
Dry cells contain no toilet fixture.
A dry cereal is a cereal
Dry cereals make good finger food snacks.
Dry champagnes are brilliant in combination with bloomy white rinds.
Dry cheeses keep longer.
Dry chemicals are in mini zip-lock bags.
Dry chemicals are ineffective unless applied directly to the source of the fire.
Dry chips produce a fast smoke, so start with the chips dry.
Dry chips produce a fast smoke.
Dry cleans are cleans.
A dry cleaner is a storekeeper
Dry cleaner are workers.
Dry cleaners are aware they are on shaky ground.
Dry cleaners are more rare than rhinos.
Dry cleaners are the largest source of perc emissions in the country.
Dry cleaners are the largest source of perc emissions in the United States.
Dry cleaners have new techniques.
Dry cleaners use some of the most environmentally damaging chemicals known.
Dry cleaners use the cancer-causing, organic solvents as degreasing agents.
Dry cleaners use toxic solvents.
Many dry cleaners choose to evaporate separator water.
Many dry cleaners have acid-free boxes and tissue for sale.
Most dry cleaners generate hazardous waste.
Most dry cleaners know a lot more about fabrics than leather.
Most dry cleaners use equipment that utilizes toxic solvents.
Dry cleaning are cleaning.
Dry cleanup is mostly common sense.
Dry climates are better than rainy season because ukiyo-e are highly sensitive to humidity.
Dry climates are more subject to wind erosion than humid climates.
Dry climates have their own heat challenges.
Dry climates pose other problems.
Dry climates predispose to recurrent nose bleeds.
Some dry climates are alkaline.
Dry clothing is required.
Dry concerns hang over certain parts of the prairies, while others are still too wet.
Dry conditions aggravate the problem of inadequate food.
Dry conditions are a fact of life.
Dry conditions are always preferable to wet conditions for fescues growing in shade.
Dry conditions are ideal for growing grapes under irrigation.
Dry conditions are or have contributed to heavy thrips pressure in some areas of the state.
Dry conditions are wide spread.
Dry conditions can also increase the number of wildfires.
Dry conditions can bring on early dormancy.
Dry conditions can cause fires easily and, as they say, it takes only a spark.
Dry conditions continue across most of the Lake Erie Region.
Dry conditions continue.
Dry conditions create problems.
Dry conditions enhance scab development, especially early in the growing season.
Dry conditions hasten their death.
Dry conditions keep the peaches from sizing, and size is the name of the game.
Dry conditions occur where cool dry air warms up, sucking up moisture from the surroundings.
Dry conditions persist for several weeks.
Dry conditions persist for weeks.
Dry conditions persist.
Dry conditions prevail in the south where rice and the second maize crop have been harvested.
Dry conditions promote seed retention.
Most dry conditions create problems.
Most dry conditions persist for several weeks.
Most dry conditions persist for weeks.
Some dry conditions increase pressure.
Some dry conditions lead to erosion.
Some dry conditions pose problems.
Some dry conditions pose severe problems.
Some dry conditions result from alteration.
Dry condoms break more easily.
Dry cones are great too.
Dry containers become mountains, raised by stairs of slow hours.
Dry corks taken from a new bag are soft and pliable.
Dry cows are prone to summer mastitis.
Dry cows are quite susceptible to new infections at dry off and near freshening.
Dry cows can also benefit from using a computer controlled feeder.
Dry cows produce manure.
Dry cows provide benefits.
Dry cows receive minerals.
All dry cows receive minerals.
Most dry cows produce manure.
Most dry cows provide benefits.
Dry Creek is a small farm group who considers Delta their home base.
Dry creek is dry in the spring but there is a small stream running down it for most of the summer.
Dry Creek is in the background.
Dry Creek runs through the south end of our property.
Dry deposits produce the same damage as wet deposits.
Some dry deposition decreases photosynthesis.
Dry diets are generally less expensive to feed than canned diets.
Dry dirt is worst.
Dry dyes are dangerous to inhale, and spread through the air easily.
Dry extracts are available in tablet form.
Dry eyes affect older people more than younger people.
Dry eyes are a part of the natural aging process.
Dry eyes are especially common in women after menopause.
Dry eyes are more common in women, especially after menopause.
Dry eyes are most common in women after they reach menopause.
Dry eyes are the leading cause of contact lens discomfort.
Dry eyes benefit from artificial tears.
Dry eyes can be a major impediment to contact lens wear.
Dry eyes can be a symptom of tight lenses, and can be eliminated by refitting with looser lenses.
Dry eyes can be extremely painful and easily become infected.
Dry eyes can be itchy.
Dry eyes can be quite uncomfortable.
Dry eyes can be uncomfortable, causing itching, burning, or even some loss of vision.
Dry eyes can cause dry spots to form on the ocular surface, causing scratchiness and irritation.
Dry eyes can lead to further discomfort.
Dry eyes can lead to light sensitivity and corneal ulcers.
Dry eyes can pose complications for anyone, but particularly for contact lens wearers.
Dry eyes cause redness and strain.
Dry eyes cause severe pain and later result in severe eyes infection.
Dry eyes happen when tear glands don t make enough tears or make poor quality tears.
Dry eyes is a common complaint, but it usually is soothed with drops and time.
Dry eyes is a common problem as people get older, and in diabetes.
Dry eyes is a general complaint from some contact lens wearers while others have no problems.
Dry eyes is certainly the most common eye condition and the incidence is increasing rapidly.
Dry eyes is just a condition of eyes.
Dry eyes occur when the tear glands produce too few tears.
Dry eyes reflect deficiency of nutrient or allergy.
Dry facts become living events.
Dry feed supplemented by cereal grain and hay is inadequate.
Dry fertilizer is inexpensive.
Dry fertilizers are great for preparing soil previous to planting.
Dry fertilizers can also be carriers for certain soil-applied herbicides.
Dry fertilizers work more slowly but last longer.
Dry fibers store better.
Dry Filters are necessary to protect the turbine.
Dry finish offers good vinosity and length.
Dry fire can get boring and old.
Most dry flowers are easy to grow and make lively additions to any garden, large or small.
A dry fly is a fly
Dry flies are flies.
Dry flies are puffy in appearance and float on the water's surface as flying insects do.
Dry flies are the main focus and great hatches are always happening somewhere.
Dry flies are the ones which float .
Dry flies fished during hatches provide for some great fishing.
Dry flies float on the surface of the water, while wet flies go under the surface.
Dry flies float on top of the water.
Dry flies matching the various mayfly and caddis hatches guarantee early-season action.
Dry flies require a floating line with a soft landing.
Dry fondant is similar to powdered sugar.
Dry food can also get into crevices of cupboards and provide a food supply for psocids.
Dry food contains byproduct.
Dry food contains calories.
Dry food contains crude fiber.
Dry food contains fiber.
Dry food contains nutrients.
Dry food contains vital nutrients.
Dry food has advantage.
Dry food has calories.
Dry food has less odor.
Dry food has proteins.
Dry food is a good staple for healthy cats.
Dry food is also better for dental care.
Dry food is better than canned food at preventing dental tartar.
Dry food is convenient.
Dry food is definitely the least expensive.
Dry food is definitely the most inexpensive and can be left in the cat's bowl at all times.
Dry food is definitely the most inexpensive.
Dry food is dehydrated food.
Dry food is easy to store.
Dry food is fine.
Dry food is less expensive.
Dry food is more hygenic and less likely to spoil once placed in the pet's bowl.
Dry food is recommended over canned food because it is more economical and it is easier to store.
Dry food is recommended.
Dry food is the most common used of the two.
Dry food is the most inexpensive.
Dry food is the type most frequently used among breeders and kennels due to economy.
Dry food promotes dental health.
Dry food promotes health.
Dry food provides a well-balanced diet.
Dry food sold in store is excellent, light, nourishing but costly.
Dry foods are prepared months in advance.
Dry foods are the most cost-effective and require the least amount of storage space.
Dry foods come in the ever-popular flakes, granules, pellets and wafers.
Dry foods have more energy making elements than semi-moist or moist foods.
Dry foods keep fresh the longest in airtight containers, which also help keep out insects.
Dry foods keep well in metal or glass containers.
Dry foods tend to have a higher fat ratio, but most cats deal with it well.
Dry foods tend to have more calories per gram, so feed smaller quantities.
Most dry food contains calories.
Most dry food contains crude fiber.
Most dry food contains fiber.
Most dry food contains nutrients.
Most dry food contains vital nutrients.
Most dry food has advantage.
Most dry food has calories.
Most dry food has proteins.
Most dry food promotes dental health.
Some dry food contains levels.
Some dry food has carbohydrates.
Some dry food has grain.
Some dry food leads to problems.
Some dry food leads to urinary problems.
Some dry food makes up bulk.
Dry feet are a blessing.
Dry feet are happy feet.
Dry feet are less likely to develop hot spots and become sore.
Dry feet have fewer foot problems.
Dry forests tend to have more small trees than moist forests and a lower above-ground biomass.
Dry forms are stable.
Dry friction is directly proportional to the normal force between the two surfaces in contact.
Dry friction is subdivided into two types.
Dry fruit contains seeds.
Dry fruit is less perishable than wet.
Dry fruit is produced by plants.
Dry fruit releases seeds.
Dry fruit surrounds seeds.
Dry fruits are characteristic of seeds dispersed by the wind and other natural agents or animals.
Dry fruits are great for convenience, and less messy.
Most dry fruit contains seeds.
Most dry fruit is produced by plants.
Some dry fruit develops from carpels.
Some dry fruit develops from simple carpels.
Some dry fruit has wings.
Dry galls can be very hard to cut.
Dry gin is made in many countries, premier brands carrying English names.
Dry goods are items such as cotton, cloth, buttons, needles, and threads.
Dry grain is emptied from the bin and a fresh batch of moist grain is added for drying.
Dry grain is less acidotic than high-moisture grain.
Dry grapes are effective in controlling vomiting.
Dry grass blows from their hair.
Dry grass grows in pubic clumps.
Dry grass is an open invitation for fires, especially in summer.
Dry grass is at the horses' chests.
Dry grass is reflected in the water.
Dry grass responds by wilting and rolling or folding the leaves.
Dry grassland is good for ranching, but unsuited for farming.
Dry greens make it very difficult to put backspin on the ball.
Dry grinders create much less mess than water cooled systems.
Dry ground appears along with a rainbow.
Dry ground has a harder time absorbing water, causing it to run off the surface.
Dry ground helps to facilitate fires even more.
Some dry gum becomes diarrhea.
Dry gutters are fairly easy to clean.
Dry hair is a relative symptom.
Dry hair is another byproduct of overheating the locks.
Dry hair is brittle and breaks easily.
Dry hair is difficult to control after shampoo, looks limp and has ends that are dry and split.
Dry hair is for squids.
Dry hair is fragile hair.
Dry hair needs the application of oil daily.
Dry hands can damage the animals.
Dry hands can wipe off the protective slime that covers some amphibians.
Dry heat can dry out a cat's or dog's coat and skin.
Dry heat is a very effective against lice, so instead of washing an infested item use the dryer.
Dry heat is best for cuts of meat that are naturally tender.
Dry heat is needed.
Dry heat is very slow in penetrating into jars of food.
Dry heat requires longer times or higher temperatures or both than does wet heat.
Dry hydrants provide an easy access to fill tank trucks regardless of weather.
Dry hydrants require quarterly inspection, testing and maintenance.
Dry ice is a solid
Dry ice is a substance that is sublime.
Dry ice is a substance that sublimes.
Dry ice is actually frozen carbon dioxide gas.
Dry ice is an example of sublimation.
Dry ice is available at ice cream and beverage stores.
Dry ice is available for purchase locally.
Dry ice is carbon dioxide.
Dry ice is cold handle with tongs.
Dry ice is colder than regular ice.
Dry ice is dangerous.
Dry ice is extremely cold and can give a severe burn or damage coolers.
Dry ice is frozen carbon dioxide , The same gas that makes bubbles in soda pop.
Dry ice is frozen carbon dioxide which turns straight from a solid to a gas.
Dry ice is frozen carbon dioxide.
Dry ice is good to give the illusion of coldness.
Dry ice is itself, very cold, and can be used to keep other items cold.
Dry ice is made of carbon dioxide.
Dry ice is much softer than water ice, and it crushes very easily.
Dry ice is propelled by nitrogen gas or compressed air.
Dry ice is solid carbon dioxide which sublimates to gas phase carbon dioxide at room temperature.
Dry ice is solid carbon dioxide, that's usually a gas at room temperature.
Dry ice is solid carbon dioxide.
Dry ice is solidified carbon dioxide.
Dry ice is solids.
Dry ice is the solid form of carbon dioxide.
Dry ice is twice as expensive as liquid nitrogen.
Dry ice is used as fuel for spacecraft.
Dry ice is used in commercial baking to control the temperature during the mixing process.
Dry ice is used in fire extinguishers.
Dry ice is used to keep things cold.
Dry ice is very cold, void contact with skin.
Dry ice is very cold.
Dry ice is, by contrast, cheap and easy to make and transport.
Dry ice provides particles that the droplets can attach to and get bigger, forming raindrops.
Dry ingredients work great with it, but liquid ingredients leave it too mushy.
Dry ink is also an excellent selling point.
Dry investment is weighed out and then mixed with water.
Dry kernels pack tighter in the cup.
Dry kibble is best for their teeth and health, but some people mix in a few teaspoons of moist food.
Dry kilns use gases.
Most dry kilns use gases.
Dry lakes are generally small, round depressions in the surface of the landscape.
Many dry lakes contain shallow water during the rainy season, especially during wet years.
Dry lambs are warm lambs.
A dry land is an object
Dry land helps fine tune and build strength.
Dry land is at a premium.
Dry lanes create early hook and control problems.
Dry latex has a sticky surface.
Dry leaf contains atropine and scopalamine which are narcotic and antispasmodic in effect.
Dry leaves burn the best.
Dry leaves rustle in the gusty breeze.
Dry leaves are much easier to handle through the mower than moist ones.
Dry leaves burn the best.
Dry lightning is a weather phenomenon that happens when thunderstorms fail to yield rain.
Dry lightning is lightning that occurs without rain nearby.
Dry lightning is the leading natural cause of forest fires in the western states.
Dry lines are extremely rare east of the Mississippi River.
Dry lines are smoothed.
Dry lubes evaporate leaving a dry film.
All dry lubes involve some sort of wax.
Dry lubricant is to be used on the propeller shaft.
Dry lubricants prevent the vehicle being pasted with congealing oil.
Dry lumber is lightweight making it easy to work with.
Dry lumber is lightweight, making it easy to work with.
Dry lures catch few fish.
Dry manure means a more active and effective population of natural predators and parasites.
Dry mass is the best indicator of plant growth success.
Dry material ejects out of the end point of the unit.
Dry material feels like flour.
Dry material gives a hard edge and wet gives a soft edge.
Dry material remains viable for at least one year.
Dry materials release many more spores and small particles into the air.
Dry matter can change very rapidly in a mass of forage.
Dry meads are very different indeed.
Dry Meads have a dryer, cleaner and sharper finish than sweet meads.
Dry meads tend to take more time to age but are usually worth the wait.
Dry meadows are ephemeral.
Dry measure cups have rims.
Dry media are lighter colored than moist soil mixes and more light weight.
Dry membranes are more susceptible to infection.
Dry method is good when working on horizontal surface like a deck.
Dry milk is equally nutritious and can be less expensive.
Dry milk is equally nutritious, and can be less expensive.
Dry milk is great for cooking, is inexpensive, and lasts longer.
Dry milk is milk
Some dry milk has life.
Some dry milk has shelf life.
Dry millers prefer low fat grits.
Dry mixes are also available.
Dry moss is no problem.
A dry mouth is dryness
Dry mouth allows fungus and bacteria to grow.
Dry mouth can affect oral health by adding to tooth decay and infection.
Dry mouth can also make it difficult to eat, speak, or swallow.
Dry mouth can also make it hard to wear dentures .
Dry mouth can cause increased plaque buildup, which increases the risk for periodontal disease.
Dry mouth can cause soreness, ulcers, infections, and tooth decay.
Dry mouth can make swallowing food difficult.
Dry mouth can result in rampant tooth decay, mouth lesions and pain, and serious digestive problems.
Dry mouth can sometimes lead to other problems, such as salivary gland infections.
Dry mouth caused by Sjogrens can also cause tooth decay.
Dry mouth is a particular problem with long term use of heterocyclics.
Dry mouth is a symptom that appears to be unrelated to hydration state.
Dry mouth is also common.
Dry mouth is another common side effect.
Dry mouth is another problem faced by many older adults.
Dry mouth is caused by medications.
Dry mouth is more than just an inconvenience.
Dry mouth is natural during sleep.
Dry mouth is one of the most difficult symptoms to treat.
Dry mouth is the last outward sign of extreme dehydration.
Dry mouth is the most frequent side effect of tolterodine therapy.
Dry mouth is the very LAST sign of dehydration.
Dry mouth is unhealthy for two reasons.
Dry mouth is usually the only side effect.
Dry mouth occurs in a small number of patients.
Dry mouth occurs when the flow of saliva decreases.
Dry mouth puts people at high risk for cavity formation and yeast infection .
Dry mouth seems to become another issue.
Dry mustard is a condiment
Dry mustard is a cure
Dry mustard is a mixture of ground seeds of several mustard varieties.
Dry nails are the most common of all nail conditions.
Dry needles are more pliable and tend to bend rather than break.
Dry needles are serious fire hazards and can be lit off by the heat of a nearby electric light bulb.
Dry nets are much more likely to cause injury than wet ones.
Dry nuts are good.
Dry ones are brittle and the needles pull out easily.
Dry onions come in a wide range of sizes, shapes and flavors.
Most dry onions take two to four months before they are ready.
Dry paper is placed onto the plate before being rolled through the press.
Dry patch is a major problem for golf courses.
Dry peas are a cool season crop with a restricted root system.
Dry peas are brown and wrinkled.
Dry peas are good sources of protein, iron, potassium and thiamin.
Dry peas are so easy to grow, and good to eat a reliable grower in short seasons, too.
Dry peas demand adequate moisture and react badly to drought and high temperatures.
Dry periods can affect the entire state or only localized areas.
Dry periods can be withstood and are desirable in the last months of growth.
Dry periods can bring levels in certain waterways too low for certain types of shipping.
Dry periods can reduce the numbers of eggs laid.
Dry pigment can be toxic if breathed.
Dry pigments have little or no affinity for the surface onto which they are applied.
Dry places tend to display a muted palette, but there is variety in shape as well as color.
Dry plants are easy victims of frost.
Dry powder is exposed to heat for several seconds as it falls to the bottom.
Dry powder is used for Class D combustible metal fires.
Dry powders can build static electricity cause by excessive handling.
Dry powders require suspension.
Dry prairies are only wet after heavy rains.
Dry prairies require frequent fire to suppress invasion of shrubs and trees.
Dry preparations are stable for years when stored cold.
Dry pussies are absolutely forbidden.
Dry quarters can also be a problem especially in older cows.
Dry rice is the primary crop, and millet is also important.
Dry roots can severely decrease the potential for transplant success.
Dry roots lead to leaf tip dieback, or a browning of the leaf tip.
Dry roots lead to leaf-tip dieback, or a browning of the leaf tip.
Dry roses can take the place of red wines.
Dry roses have features of each.
Dry rows mean less water evaporated from the soil surface.
Dry rubs are a mixture of spices that are massaged directly onto meat, poultry or fish.
Dry rubs are one of the easiest ways to bring an ordinary meal to life.
Dry rubs are the very heart of barbecue.
A dry run is practice
Dry runs avoid public embarrassment.
Dry runs reveal a threat of massive cutoffs in vital services.
Dry sand is an effective smothering agent, but only on relatively level and flat surfaces.
Dry sand is blown by the wind.
Dry sand is easier for wax to penetrate, but difficult to get it to hold a shape.
Some dry sausages are shelf stable.
Dry scalp does itch.
Dry seals rubbing on a shaft produce high frequency noise which can produce misleadingdata.
A dry season is a season
Dry season is sunny and balmy.
Dry season is, also, the period of the clearest water possible in the Lake.
Dry seasons are more conspicuous inland and away from the oceanic influence.
Dry seasons are more prolonged, so in many areas corn and sago instead of rice is the staple food .
Dry seasons are more prolonged, so in many areas corn and sago instead of rice is the staple food.
Dry seasons are seasons.
Dry seasons have less water, hurts crops.
Dry seasons last for months.
Dry seasons last for weeks.
Dry seeds have nutrients.
Most dry seeds have nutrients.
Dry separation is the method most commonly used to produce a chemically useful form of astatine.
Dry sex can also make sex a painful experience for women.
Some dry shades cause diseases.
Dry shampoos are particularly useful and effective for greasy hair.
Dry shampoos can also be effective in absorbing oils and odors.
Dry sheds are due to dehydration, improper temperatures, illness and stress.
Dry sherry is a potential but inferior substitute.
Dry sites allow no alcohol.
Dry skin feels touch.
Most dry skin feels touch.
Dry slips are generally available.
Dry snow is an insulator, but wet snow is a conductor.
A dry socket is a symptom
Dry socket is caused by exposure of the bone tissue.
Dry socket is the most common post-operative complication occuring from tooth extractions.
Dry soil has the opposite effect on rainfall.
Dry soils allow the fumigant to escape too rapidly.
Dry soils can act like a sponge to bring groundwater to the surface.
Dry soils tend to absorb more of the meltwater than wet soils.
All dry soils form same-shaped mounds.
Dry solids are then hand-screened.
Dry solids predominate.
Dry sows can adapt to large amounts of bulky feed.
Dry spells are commonplace.
Dry spells come.
Dry spells do cause problems in some areas with logging though.
Dry spells inhibit the spread of pests particularly boll weevil.
Dry spells occur during the later part of each monsoon season.
Dry spices can age and become weak.
Dry spills are usually easier to clean.
Dry spills are usually easy to clean up.
Dry spills are usually very easy to clean up.
Dry splices destroy no footage, but poor grades of splicing tape can ooze glue as they age.
Dry spots develop and greens require more frequent watering.
Dry stalks use for hand drill, arrow shafts with added hardwood noch and foreshaft.
Dry stems indicate older produce.
Dry storage is available onboard all the boats to keep equipment extra safe on wet days.
Dry storage is available onboard.
Dry storage is located in buildings.
Dry storage is located in pantries.
Dry storage is located in warehouses.
Dry storage is used only to a limited degree by the industry and works best with chrysanthemums.
Dry stouts achieve a dry-roasted character through the use of roasted barley.
Dry strength is the strength of the clay after it is dried.
Dry stress is calculated from the ratio of the maximum water supplied to the plant.
Dry suits are also worn.
Dry suits are available for rent for the dive charters.
Dry suits are designed to prevent water entering.
Dry suits are excellent.
Dry suits are optional the same way clothes are optional for skiing in a snow storm.
Dry summers produce the strongest fibres.
Dry surfaces are another story.
Dry symptoms act like dryness.
Dry tears can be uncomfortable, causing itching, burning, or even some loss of vision.
Every dry techie becomes Baudelaire.
Dry thatch is difficult to rewet.
Dry theory runs on forever in the human brains.
Dry thunderstorms are dangerous because they can cause dust storms and wildfires .
Dry thunderstorms are dangerous because they can cause dust storms and wildfires.
Dry thunderstorms produce rain.
Most dry thunderstorms produce rain.
Dry tilt uses precise surveying techniques and trigonometry to calculate a tilt vector.
Dry time is approximately one hour.
Dry time is approximately two minutes.
Dry time is two to three hours minimum.
Dry time stretches for six months, and many water sources dry up.
Dry toilets are also available in the lower parking lot.
Dry toilets are available.
Dry transport means the stems are out of water.
Dry trees appear on the curbside, a few bits of tinsel still clinging to their branches.
Dry trees are a higher risk.
Dry trees are an extreme fire hazard.
Dry trees are fire hazards.
Dry trees are unattractive and very dangerous.
Dry trees can create a dangerous fire.
Dry trees throw off a tremendous amount of heat and and can create a dangerous fire.
Dry turkey is a drag.
Dry valleys make up the two percent of Antarctica which is free of ice and snow.
Dry vegetation is consumed to ground level.
Dry vents can be comfortable places for rodents.
Dry vermouth is used in a multitude of cocktail and cooking recipes.
Dry vermouth is wine
A dry wall is a board
Dry wall is better then wood paneling and acts as a fire retardant.
Dry wash is a bed
Dry washes abound, and wispy salt cedars drape flowing streams.
Dry washes can become fast moving rivers after rains.
Dry waste is called uric acid and is passed from the body, along with feces, through the anus.
Dry water blocking technology employs superabsorbent polymers.
Dry weather accelerates the process.
Dry weather allows new pond construction and repair and renovation of established ponds.
Dry weather allows ozone to remain in the air.
Dry weather allows weeds to get a head start on young peanut plants.
Dry weather can also have an indirect benefit on many of our woody landscape trees and shrubs.
Dry weather can also lead to increased risk of fertilizer injury on the corn seedling.
Dry weather can be a problem with keeping plants growing and in an immature state.
Dry weather continues to be a concern for farmers in the southeast.
Dry weather continues to breed dangerous outdoor conditions.
Dry weather continues to impact all small grains.
Dry weather continues to raise concerns for farmers.
Dry weather followed by heavy rains causes radial cracking in many tomato cultivars.
Dry weather has interesting preservational effects on many things.
Dry weather helps grapes reach premium sugar levels.
Dry weather is also a main cause of rough feet.
Dry weather is conducive to buildups of aphid populations.
Dry weather is desirable during the flowering and fruiting periods.
Dry weather is forecast to persist from central Texas westward.
Dry weather is ideal.
Dry weather is important during the period of fruit development.
Dry weather is the biggest risk to achieving the one ton goal.
Dry weather is to blame for some of the spread of the fires.
Dry weather keeps increasing the wild fire hazard in the State.
Dry weather makes harvest easier and keeps plenty of timber logs on the market.
Dry weather makes things worse.
Dry weather means chow is in short supply in the backcountry.
Dry weather means dust, and a gunked-up air filter can make even a fairly new mower run poorly.
Dry weather promotes development.
Dry weather slows top growth and tends to increase the ratio of roots to tops.
More dry weather is in the short-term forecast.
Most dry weather promotes development.
Some dry weather causes occurrences.
Some dry weather causes starvation.
Some dry weather occurs in summer.
Some dry weather stops development.
Dry weight is a more acceptable means of measuring growth, but is useful only for an end point.
Dry weight is the weight of a cord after air drying.
Dry wells are common in the shale bedrock.
Dry whites can improve with two or three years' age , sweet styles for five years or more.
Dry winds blow in from the desert, down over the mountains and out to the coast.
Dry winds blow through casino doors past the roosters and the turkeys in Reno.
Dry winds wither new cane growth starting from the plant's crown.
Some dry wind hits snow.
Some dry wind occurs in lees.
Dry wine is wine.
Dry wines are better than sweet ones.
Dry wines are especially fine.
Dry wines are in the minority.
Dry wines come before sweeter wines.
Dry wines have an absence of sugar and range from semi-dry to very dry.
Dry winters are especially hard on evergreens.
Dry winters are hard on birds also.
Some dry winter causes damage.
Some dry winter causes severe damage.
Dry wood is available in order to keep the smoke to a minimum.
Dry wood is furnished for the fireplace, for added romance.
Dry wood is good for kindling.
Dry wood is harder wood.
Dry wood is much less aromatic than green wood.
Dry wood is the chief cause of propagation failure.
Dry writing is for dry people.
Dry years are the worst for aflatoxin contamination in corn.
Dry years favor the grasses.
Dry years result in a bleak, desert landscape.
Dry yeast is rehydrated by adding a small amount of warm water.
Dry yeast is simply more convenient to keep.
A dry is a person
Dries are also a possibility if the stones are hatching.
Dries are reformers.
Dries Bug report.
Dries cause dries.
Dries completely uniform over patched surfaces.
Dries instantly Be bold.
Dries polish in just minutes.
Dries prints without staining or scratching.
Dries residue free to help prevent resoiling.
Dries tack free in one hour.
Dryad is nymph
Dryad is nymph.
Dryads are very slow moving tree spirits with a deadly whip attack.
Dryads can also speak with plants.
Dryads have high cheekbones and amber, violet, or dark green eyes.
Dryads have the most advanced starting magic of any race, concentrating first on defense.
Dryads often appear clothed in a loose, simple garment.
Dryas plants are plentiful here.
All drycleaning facilities are responsible for managing their perc-contaminated wastewater.
Dryden soils have mottles of low chroma in the lower part of the argillic horizon.
Dryden today assists with some landings of the Space Shuttles.
Dryer lint makes great fire tinder.
Dryer sheets work similarly, coating tumbling clothes with a conductive substance.
A dryer is an appliance
Dryer isa commodity.
Dryer isa goods.
Dryer runs noisily.
Dryer starts when hands are present, stops when hands are taken away.
Dryer vents in laundry areas.
Dryer works fine.
Dryers also break down due to overloading.
Dryers also offer security features including stainless steel, tamper-resistant console screws.
Dryers are a true rarity.
Dryers are appliances.
Dryers are available in two types, electric and gas.
Dryers are available with single or twin sections.
Dryers are free.
Dryers are less prevalent, usually nonexistent.
Dryers are located in basements.
Dryers are often the most neglected area.
Dryers are rare, so cotton tends to wrinkle which is a pain to iron, especially in Japan.
Dryers are very wasteful on the energy front.
Dryers expose flammable materials to heat.
Dryers have (part) sections.
Dryers There are many types of hair dryers to choose from.
Dryers Vent the clothes dryer outside in the summer.
All dryers are free.
All dryers operate by accelerating the process of evaporation.
Most dryers have doors that swing open.
Most dryers use a warm-up phase that heats and tumbles clothes while they are still wet.
Some dryers enhance growth.
Some dryers enhance hair growth.
Some dryers have sensors to stop drying when clothes are damp dry for ironing.
Some dryers kill dust mites.
Some dryers kill mites.
Dryings are decrease.
Dryness irritation can be a prelude to more serious contact dermatitis.
Dryness causes a desire to water plants.
Dryness causes cessation in bacterial growth since there are no nutrients present to feed on.
Dryness helps prevent the reproduction, spread and transport of disease organisms.
Dryness is a condition
Dryness is caused by lack.
Dryness is conditions.
Dryness is for equations, for logic.
Dryness isa condition.
Dryness leads to breakage at the quick, peeling, and low breaks along the side of the nails.
Most dryness is caused by lack.
Most dryopid larvae occur in soil or leaf litter.
A drywall is a board
Drywall acts like a sponge and absorbs water past the flood line.
Drywall comes in a variety of sizes and thicknesses.
Drywall consists of a relatively soft gypsum core that is covered with a thick paper.
Drywall consists of a thin layer of gypsum between two layers of heavy paper.
Drywall continues in the performance and isolation rooms.
Drywall goes by many names, including gypsum wallboard, plasterboard and sheetrock.
Drywall is complete and the worker is taping.
Drywall taping tool applies tape and mud simultaneously.
Drywall works well in most rooms, but it can be damaged easily.
All drywall is finished, including paint.
Most drywall generated at the jobsite is recyclable.
DSL accounts are for one computer, each additional computer increases monthly rate.
DSL circuits are full duplex, meaning that data can flow in both directions at the same time.
Most DSSS products offer one non-overlapping channel, the most sophisticated offers only three.
Any dstp client can download data and view the state of the network.
DTE rate is adjusted to match carrier rate.
DTE timing allows the unit to be used in tail circuit applications.
DTED files have their origin in the southwestern corner of the DTED cell.
Du channel enters into the brain.
Dual access clean out doors.
Dual accreditation is already in place.
Dual action helps in exercising shoulders, back, waist, hips, abdomen, thighs and calf muscles.
Dual action rowing style handlebars with padded grips for optional upper body work out.
Dual action sterilizes the queen and kills worker ants which contact it.
Dual adjustments provide additional support and stability.
Dual agency exists when the designated broker represents both the buyer and the seller.
Dual agency invites a conflict of interest.
Dual agency is legal in every state as long as it s fully disclosed.
Dual agency is outmoded.
Dual agency is permissible A. as long as it is disclosed.
Dual agency is permissible provided that both buyer and seller have given informed consent.
Dual agency is the best of a difficult situation.
Dual agency is unwise and fraught with risk.
Dual agency is when an agent in the selling agent s office brings in a contract on the home.
Dual agency requires written permission of both parties.
Dual agents have the same duties and obligations listed previously.
Most dual agents represent the sellers more strongly than they do the buyer.
Dual alignment ensures a rigid fit.
Dual analog is available as an option on modem accounts.
Dual areas require completion of the required courses in both areas of concentration.
Dual arrays determine the shadowline position, even for tough samples like tomato juice.
Dual axis lets users determine their optimal path of motion.
Dual ball bearings on the crankshaft Dual element air filter.
Dual band is the road to uplinks and downlinks.
Dual banking brings out the best.
Dual belts run the accessories while dual batteries are just part of the on-board electrical system.
Dual bilge pumps with auto-float switch.
Dual boards accommodate two power supplies.
Dual boards are just nice.
Dual boards eliminate a single point of failure, further enhancing data availability.
Some dual boards require cases of almost server class size to accommodate the bulk.
Dual boot manages the volatile files in the root directory.
Dual brakes ensure quick and safe stopping ability.
Dual cameras are intrusive as is a camera crew.
Dual camshafts run in six bearings with removable caps that are machines in the head base material.
Dual carburetors ensure a purring growl, with custom flames painted on the rear quarter panels.
A dual carriageway is a highway
Dual carriageway goes into the pub.
Dual certification allows employees to be certified in more than one field.
Dual certification is a marketable advantage and requires early planning.
Dual certification is a separate type of job that has unique administrative responsibilities.
Dual certification is preferred.
Dual certifications are an asset.
Dual chains provide a unique drive assembly to accommodate the wide tires.
Dual channels allow alternate dosing and drying.
Dual charger accepts both instrument and a spare battery at the same time.
Dual citizenship epitomizes the unique nature that discriminates AIs from all other minority groups.
Dual citizenship is acceptable.
Dual citizenship is also possible.
Dual citizenship is permitted.
Dual citizenship is recognized in both the U.S. and Canada.
Dual climate controls with large knobs and buttons are easy enough for a three year old to use.
Dual codes indicate that lunch and dinner prices vary significantly.
Dual compartment keeps light colors from dark ones.
Dual compensation refers to all payments made to faculty on an overload basis.
Dual concentrations enhance the competitiveness of the student in the job market.
Dual controls allow operation from either side.
Dual controls are standard on the flybridge.
Dual controls raise the cat rig mainsail.
Dual controls work well for a team oriented crew.
Dual counter rotating engine balancers Cut vibration for a smooth, comfortable ride.
Dual counters measure total distance or segments.
Dual course has loadsa table tops, some doubles and a huge log jump.
Dual credit enables high school students to earn college credit.
Dual credit is a growing business, with competition between institutions.
Dual credit is an issue in their school evaluations.
Dual crowns are cool, no matter what the magazines say.
Dual cylinders provide stable lifting even with uneven loads.
Dual data is a related error where one variable is used to hold two different types of data.
Dual degrees are powerful tools in the marketplace.
Dual degrees are the concurrent fulfillment of the requirements of two majors and two degrees.
Dual degrees require significant work beyond the normal requirements of a four-year program.
Dual diagnoses involves emotional problems compounded by the overuse of prescription drugs.
Dual diagnosis is a relatively newly recognized population within the mental health community.
Dual diagnosis is an important part of co-morbidity.
Dual diagnosis is another important biological consideration.
Dual diagnosis is defined as a chronic mental illness coexisting with a substance abuse disorder.
Dual diagnosis makes the situation even more complex.
Dual diagnosis presents a challenge to the therapist or counselor.
Dual disability is a significant problem.
Dual disorders is a new field to American psychiatry.
Dual display is provided by LEDs behind a wipe and clean membrane panel.
Dual doors allow using only the amount of water needed for a given size ship.
Dual doors provide easy accessibility and cross-venting for air circulation.
Dual doors provide easy accessibility and venting options.
Dual doors secure with keyed cylinder lock.
Dual drains are expensive to retrofit existing pool and spa installations.
Dual enrollment allows high school students to earn college credit.
Dual enrollment can reduce degree requirements by as many as eight courses.
Dual enrollment can reduce degree requirements by as many as four courses.
Dual enrollment can represent a financial windfall to families as well.
Dual enrollment gives high school students a head start.
Dual enrollment gives students a head start on college and saves time and money.
Dual enrollment has many advantages.
Dual enrollment is a good idea and a good program .
Dual enrollment is another asset as well.
Dual enrollment is available to qualified students at the state colleges in the area.
Dual enrollment is initiated through the students' high schools.
Dual enrollment is limited.
Dual entry allows for easy access to gear in all parts of the pack.
Dual fabrics are separate storage networks between the servers and the storage enclosures.
Dual fan trays, each with two fans.
Dual federalism gives prominence to local rather than national standards.
Dual file have their data blocks copies to off-line storage but also have the blocks online.
Dual filler spouts with adjustable height setting.
Dual floods provide redundancy in case of a bulb failure on any side.
Dual focus is the key.
Dual functions suggest dual structures and dual origins.
Dual gain is available if desired - please call.
Dual gantry drive stepper motors.
Dual gates require a minimum of two panels.
Dual headers are standard.
Dual headlights brighten corners and closets.
Dual hearing is required.
Dual heat controls.
Dual immersion is a program design specifically listed as eligible for federal Title VII grants.
Dual immersion is one very strong option.
Dual incision assays for nucleotide excision repair using DNA with a lesion at a specific site.
Some dual instruction is included.
Dual intent is included in the legislation.
Dual interfaces are a hack.
Dual junction boxes each contain positive or negative terminals.
Dual layer authoring keeps digital compression artifacts from becoming noticeable.
Dual layer authoring keeps digital compression artifacts out of sight.
Dual layer authoring keeps digital compression artifacts out of the picture.
Dual layer authoring prevents any digital compression artifacts from rearing their ugly heads.
Dual legs give greater stability.
Dual lenses give the user both driving and projector fog beams at the flick of a switch.
Dual lights are best suited for that nasty night singletrack or technical, steep descent.
Dual line kites change all that.
Dual lines allow for shift up and shift down operations with out tri states.
Dual lines allow for shift up and shift down operations.
Dual links let the user move back and forth between nodes in a scene.
Dual majors are also available.
Dual majors have a sound foundation in both forest biology and forest management.
Dual majors require completion of the requirements in both majors.
Dual majors share the same college requirements.
Dual marketing has a nice ring to it.
Dual matriculation refers to students taking courses for two degrees concurrently.
Dual meets offer a different challenge than tournaments, especially for freshmen.
Dual members hold membership in more than one AAUW branch.
Dual membership can be especially helpful in the event of a hospital stay or serious illness.
Dual membership includes two persons who live in the same household.
Dual membership is for two members of the same household.
Dual memberships are available to persons sharing a common mailing address.
Dual memberships are available.
Dual metal setting circle dials allow quick location of targets using celestial co-ordinates.
Dual modules allow for shorter minimum sensing distances.
Dual monitors are a nice plus.
Dual monitors are ideal for comparing a patient's previous study with their current ones.
Dual monitors eliminate the bottleneck by allowing the student to see everything at once.
Dual movement cross needle power and frequency compensated coupler.
Dual nationality can be a good thing, but it can create serious problems, too.
Dual nationality has both advantages and disadvantages.
Dual nationality is the simultaneous possession of two citizenships.
Dual nationality makes it much easier.
Dual navigation allows visitors to follow a tutorial sequence or find a specific topic.
Dual objects have two representations at runtime, one for clients and one for servers.
Dual occupancy decreases night or evening fears.
Dual officers are policemen and firemen who are trained and equipped to perform both jobs.
Dual outputs allow for true stereo imaging by panning the tremolo effect between two amplifiers.
Dual overhead camshafts .
Dual pane windows throughout.
Dual paper cassettes.
Dual participation is important for another reason.
Dual path feed with input switching arrangements.
Dual payment is authorized for a reasonable training period for personnel replacement. .
Dual pegs allow starting inthe proper curl position regardless of arm length.
Dual ports allow server-based path failover.
Dual ports enable simultaneous in and out connections for network environments.
Dual post lighting for all instruments and a zoom spot light ensure ample lighting for night trips.
Dual power sliding rear doors make entry to the second-row seats easy and convenient.
Dual pricing can be very difficult to explain to tourists.
Dual pricing is feasible.
Dual pricing sets different prices for domestic markets and export markets.
Dual processors allow multiple events and multiple positioning motions to happen simultaneously.
Dual processors come into their own smoothing out peak loads.
Dual pumps allow all jets to run simultaneously.
Dual qualifications are highly desirable and library educators are being challenged to respond.
Dual races start at approx.
Dual radiators keep it cool.
Dual rectifiers supply redundant power.
Dual regulators provide adjustment of atomization and tank air pressure at the cup or tank.
Dual relationships are at the core of many ethical issues.
Dual relationships are more likely to prevent exploitation and sex rather than lead to it.
Dual relationships present a special problem in physician-patient boundaries.
Dual rods make for an accurate, smooth slide and great cuts.
Dual roller follows deheader around drum.
Dual sabers are also a distinct possibility.
Dual samples are shipping now, the story adds.
Dual scale shows results in pounds and kilograms.
Dual scan is used in the least expensive LCD panels.
Dual seals are a good choice for a slurry application.
Dual sensitivity expands range of use and provides accurate measurement of trace changes.
Dual shaft s .
Dual signatures save time in that only one signature operation is required instead of two.
Dual size allows a custom, comfortable fit for nearly every ear.
Dual skegs make it track well rowing or towing.
Dual societies develop in Georgia.
Dual source refers to the use of both air and geothermal sources for the condensing process.
Dual specializations are possible.
Dual spheres have the same girth.
Dual staircases provide access to the home's upper floors.
Dual status is explained later.
Dual stub provides complete records for payroll or disbursements.
Dual systems are inefficient.
Dual systems having refrigeration and evaporative cooling are desirable.
Dual- task involves changing focus between alternative goals successively.
Dual task means, simply enough, doing two things at the same time.
Dual taxation inhibits economic growth.
Dual tees offer very different shots at most baskets.
Dual threat is always dangerous.
Dual time scales for categorical decision making in auditory cortex.
Dual touchscreens provide information, including engine rpm and temperature.
Dual transmitters provide optimal angle of operation.
Dual tuners provide capability in two independent frequency ranges.
Dual units allow execution of two floating-point instructions per cycle.
Dual units are more confusing.
Dual units are no good and just make it more confusing.
Dual units are preferred.
Dual units solve nothing.
Dual values are therefore difficult to define.
Dual viscosity grades for year-round, hot and cold climate operation.
Dual vision is required.
Dual wavelengths are also available on multi-purpose cabinets.
Dual way shafts with oiltite bearings provide smooth strokes and longer machine life.
Dual wheels are standard on all folding models.
Dual wraparound consoles deluxe pedestal seats and lots of fishing amenities.
A dualism is a doctrine
Dualism also gives birth to fragmentation, separation, alienation and isolation.
Dualism arises in Eastern philosophy as well.
Dualism constantly separates man and woman from the sacred, nature from man, and spirit from matter.
Dualism divides the universe into two types of substance, material and mental.
Dualism expresses the important idea that the individual continues to exist beyond death.
Dualism fails to address fundamental issues concerning the operational aspect of human nature.
Dualism holds that there are two fundamental substances.
Dualism is also a common sense idea.
Dualism is also implicit in the work of humanistic pioneers.
Dualism is an ancient concept and deeply rooted in Greek thought.
Dualism is an ancient pagan heresy that deeply infected the church.
Dualism is an archaic notion which needs to be removed from our consciousness.
Dualism is characteristic of Western thought.
Dualism is combated with substantially the same weapons as in the treatise Concerning Two Souls .
Dualism is problematic for the study of communication once that assertion is accepted.
Dualism is the belief that there are separate physical and non-physical aspects of reality.
Dualism is the dominant theme of eastern thought and philosophy.
Dualism is the main thought.
Dualism is the root of all suffering.
Dualism is thus opposed to both materialism and idealism.
Dualism is when people believe that that mind and body are in some way separate from each other .
Dualism is when people believe that that mind and body are in some way separate from each other.
Dualism makes no sense.
Dualism opposes 'interior' to 'exterior' in the existent.
Dualism places a detailed understanding of mind and consciousness beyond the reach of science.
Dualism suggests that life can be separated into good and evil.
Dualisms are doctrines.
A dualist is a follower
Dualists are disciples.
Dualists believe that there are two types of substance or principle in the universe.
Dualists claim that the mind is a special 'thing' quite separate from the body.
Most dualists see some tension between the two principles.
Dualistic theory occupies the most space.
A duality is fungibility
Dualities also pollute the mind.
Dualities are prominent in the commentaries of structuralist theorists.
Dualities are properties.
Dualities serve their own interests.
Duality appears to be a non-trivial dynamic property of the nucleon structure function.
Duality creates an unstable enviroment for all employees.
Duality features a wide variety of house, club and radio edits.
Duality gives an intense enjoyment even as hatred is intense.
Duality involves many different and extremely deep mathematical ideas.
Duality is a concept of reality based on the conflict of opposing forces.
Duality is a concept that is useful when looking at the whole of an entity.
Duality is a newly-discovered phenomenon.
Duality is a theme often explored in literature and film.
Duality is an illusion.
Duality is born.
Duality is certainly much more than an element of diversity.
Duality is essential for any type of epistemological process.
Duality is illusion.
Duality is investigated for local resonance enhancements and for broader kinematic ranges.
Duality is presented all over the place.
Duality is required at times in statecraft.
Duality is the most important, yet very natural, notion for intersection graphs.
Duality is the result of feeling split from the oneness or perfection.
Duality is thus a very powerful tool in understanding the full physics of a theory.
Duality is two complimentary parts while dichotomy is a split into two opposing divisions.
Duality is used for some natural approach for the recognition problem.
Duality provides the foundation for sensitivity analysis.
Duality Pump up the volume and get into the groove.
Duality refers to the characteristic of having a subject and an object.
Duality reveals itself again in replies.
Duality starts with birth and ends with death.
Duality then takes the place of the original triplicity.
Duality wants to become unity, oneness again.
All dualities come from ignorant inference.
Dub music is another section from the whole vocal aspect.
Dub music is like a long echo delay, looping through time.
Dub music is one of the revolutionary invention of reggea.
Dub music is the result of the engineer restructuring the sound on the mixing board.
A dub is sound
Dub executes the cast and misses.
Dub is all style and sound, as in dub-style reggae.
Dub is kind of scary.
Dub is like the uncharted territory of music.
Dub is to be the base from which every track is launched into the thin atmosphere.
Dub is when the music is only instrumental, and there are barely any words.
Dub takes off with the inventors of a new spacey, rhythmic force.
Dubs are cheaper.
Dubs are limited to ONE from the master tape.
Dubs are sound.
Dubs are usually milder and tamer than subs.
All dubs are quality guaranteed.
Dubbed bodies are invariably too fat and fuzzy.
Dubbed voices are an entirely different problem.
A dubbin is oil
Dubbin is available in shoe stores and ski supply shops.
Most dubbing problems are directly attributable to improperly labeled tapes.
Dubbings are soundtracks.
Dubble Bubble is one of the most widely recognized confectionery trademarks worldwide.
Dubious assertions seem reasonable in the light of incomplete evidence.
Dubious experts draw conclusions with bizarre methods.
Dubious lawsuits threaten to take a bite out of e-commerce.
Dubious logic is in force at the mansion orgy as well.
Dubious passages have to be tackled.
Dubious trade offers.
A dubnium is an element
Dubnium has no biological role.
Dubnium has no commercial applications.
Dubnium has seven recognized isotopes.
Dubnium is a radioactive synthetic metal and has only been produced in tiny amounts.
Dubnium is a synthetic element about which little is known.
Dubnium is a transactinide element.
Dubnium is a transactinide or super-heavy element.
Dubnium is of research interest only.
Dubnium is produced artificially and only small amounts have been made.
Dubuque soils are on high benches and ridgetops of narrow interfluves and on convex side slopes.
Dubweb productions website Our association is a regroupment of freelance workers.
A duce is a leader
Duces have large suit representations.
Duchess potatoes can go with anything from baked chicken to chateaubriand.
Most Duchess satins are a blend of silk and rayon woven into a satin finish.
Duchess isa leader.
Duchesses have (part) arms.
Duchesses have (part) body substances.
Duchesses have (part) cell membranes.
Duchesses have (part) cells.
Duchesses have (part) corpi.
Duchesses have (part) cytoplasm.
Duchesses have (part) heads.
Duchesses have (part) human bodies.
Duchesses have (part) legs.
Duchesses have (part) material bodies.
Duchesses have (part) necks.
Duchesses have (part) nuclei.
Duchesses have (part) personality.
Duchesses have (part) plasma membranes.
Duchesses have (part) sections.
Duchesses have (part) vacuoles.
Duchesses have eyes.
Duchesses have fortune.
Most duchesses have eyes.
Most duchesses have fortune.
Some duchesses have children.
Some duchesses learn differences.
Some duchesses leave bridegrooms.
Some duchesses survive marriages.
Some duchesses take precaution.
A duchy is a land
Duchies have greater precedence than Counties.
Duck Creek is a large campground set in a moderately heavy timbered area.
Duck Creek is considered to be a closed, protected cave, and is part of a culinary water system.
Duck Creek is located three and a half hours north of Las Vegas.
Duck Creek is marked by the tree line in the valley.
Duck Creek is tucked away between stands of evergreen and aspen.
Duck Creek is.
Duck Creek runs along side the park.
Duck decoys can be the perfect accent in a country home.
Duck eggs are larger, more oily, and tougher than chicken eggs.
Duck eggs are often almost twice the size of chicken eggs.
Duck eggs have a sturdy shell suitable for carving and decorating.
Duck farms require attention.
Duck farms require more attention.
Duck feather is most popular as they are cheaper than that of geese.
Duck feathers are also of some value, though they have been largely replaced by synthetics.
Duck feathers have two basic adaptions.
Duck feathers possess color adaptation as well.
Duck feed is high in phosphorus and travels rapidly through the duck's digestion system.
Duck feet are visually obvious adaptations.
Duck hunts are also available in the evenings.
A duck hunter is a hunter
Duck hunters are a big part of the problem, concentrating their efforts in the few hot spots.
Duck hunters are hunters.
Duck hunters are on the river.
Duck hunters can expect to limit out on duck - or run out of shells trying.
Duck hunters don t wear orange so the risk is too great.
Duck hunters have a problem.
Duck hunters love it, as do the farmers who receive the revenue.
Duck hunters rely on knowledge.
Most duck hunters rely on knowledge.
Most duck hunters view the refuges as an essential cog in perpetuation of their sport.
A duck hunting is a hunting
Duck hunting is a challenging, rewarding sport.
Duck hunting is a sport that involves many types of gear.
Duck hunting is also a popular activity.
Duck hunting is an excellent activity when bad weather and snow slow our field hunting.
Duck hunting is an exciting experience at some of the area lakes.
Duck hunting is banned except for mitigation purposes.
Duck hunting is done from boats that turn into duck blinds.
Duck hunting is done in the wintertime.
Duck hunting is essentially an evening activity carried out during the hour after sunset.
Duck hunting is excellent here during fall and winter seasons.
Duck hunting is popular.
Duck hunting is some of the best in Minnesota.
Duck hunting is their sport.
Duck hunting starts tomorrow.
Duck Lake is in the center of an area great in historical importance.
Duck Lake is stocked and considered one of the best fishing lakes in Western Washington.
Duck meat contains calories.
Duck meat is rich in blood, and blood is sweet.
Most duck meat contains calories.
Duck ponds give habitats for water fowl and other birds who use the water to bathe in and drink .
Duck ponds give habitats for water fowl and other birds who use the water to bathe in and drink.
Duck ponds reflect the glimmering lights of the fireworks, and the mountains add to a perfect setup.
Duck races are unique and profitable.
Duck season is in the fall and spring when the cadets wear white ducks and white shirts.
Every duck season opening the media promotes radical conservationists denouncing the pastime.
Duck soup is a project
Duck soup is just too passe.
Duck soup is usually a good place to start.
Duck stamps are a powerful conservation tool.
Duck stamps are also widely collected and treasured for their uniqueness and beauty.
Duck stamps are collector's items.
Duck tape fixes everything.
Duck tape is underutilized for first aid.
Duck typing is concerned with establishing the suitability of an object for some purpose.
Duck typing is similar to, but distinct from structural typing .
Duck walks focus on the hips and work well with the strength training done with the lunge and squat.
Duck weed is a small plant that lives in ponds.
A duck is a waterbird
Duck are well-represented.
Duck asks the same question.
Duck displays another assertive side with a port sauce and sour cherries.
Duck engages Eighteen along state against none alfa laval after took down none horse.
Duck enter Prices against few thief on little wine.
Duck fly off either instrument whether deny Basketball shoes online.
Duck go since that river meanwhile be aiwa home theater.
Duck go since that river meanwhile be sharp electronics.
Duck is a fine light quality used for summer clothing, awnings, and sails.
Duck is a thriving year-round town as well as vacation destination.
Duck is a true student of the guitar.
Duck is about one-seventh of a mile long and equally wide.
Duck is an easy carving egg of white color with a smooth almost porcelain quality to the shell.
Duck is another well-prepared standard.
Duck is beautifully colored, and has moss around base of feet.
Duck is comfortable and graceful in the water and is a very social bird.
Duck is one of the specialities de la maison, and for good reason.
Duck is prepared for roasting the same as chicken.
Duck is stewed in broth, flavoured by adding spices and soy-bean sause.
Duck is versatile, attracting diners on many levels.
Duck is very high in fat.
Duck is Web-based system for practice testing and quizzing.
Duck is well cooked, on top of sauerkraut, alongside lovely soft red cabbage with cloves.
Duck isa waterfowl.
Duck leads one of two groups down a wood-paneled hall, past the publisher s and business offices.
Duck mens sweater vests.
Duck offers good sports a host of recreational opportunities.
Duck plays the head twice, improvises for several verses, then replays the head and stops.
Duck saves Lack down shame by an john deere snowmobiles indeed refuse through few leaves.
Duck saves Lack down shame by an snow mobile parks indeed refuse through few leaves.
Duck stands six feet tall, and had to bend to walk along the ledge.
Duck tends to be fatty.
Duck walk Comments at figure below several dolphins posters until sold under most difference.
Duck walk forward.
Duck walk sideward.
Duck walks out.
Ducks abound in migratory seasons.
Ducks abound in the winter.
Ducks abound only in migratory seasons, but all kinds of wildlife stick it out year- round.
Ducks abound, relishing the occasional rain shower.
Ducks account for more than half of the migratory birds.
Ducks account for over half the migratory birds.
Ducks adapt to life.
Ducks adapt well to a wide range of systems of care provided they receive essential basic care.
Ducks also create a lot of fluttering in the lakes.
Ducks also enjoy fresh peas or corn kernels, cucumber pieces, watermelon and cut tomatoes.
Ducks also have shorter necks and wings and a stout body.
Ducks appear in habitats.
Ducks appear in rivers.
Ducks are a problem.
Ducks are active during the day, feeding in water.
Ducks are also easy to find, especially on and around the lakes within the park.
Ducks are an adorable distraction.
Ducks are animals.
Ducks are aquatic birds.
Ducks are around, but warblers and herons have left.
Ducks are available at area merchants.
Ducks are available frozen or fresh at butcher shops and many markets.
Ducks are awake down by the water's edge.
Ducks are birds.
Ducks are capable of cookeds.
Ducks are closely related to swans and geese , which are in the same family .
Ducks are closely related to swans and geese, which are in the same family.
Ducks are clumsy and are prone to tripping over things.
Ducks are cool.
Ducks are curious animals and like to come to watch whatever is going on.
Ducks are decoys.
Ducks are divided between several subfamilies.
Ducks are easy to herd.
Ducks are easy to raise and can become an important income source.
Ducks are easy to take care of.
Ducks are effective but only during one part of the life cycle of the snail.
Ducks are everywhere.
Ducks are extremely sensitive to mold toxins.
Ducks are fabric.
Ducks are farmed for their meat, eggs, and down.
Ducks are fine.
Ducks are flexible and multi-talented.
Ducks are foragers and feed on works, bugs and other insects living in the grass.
Ducks are found in wetlands, marshes, ponds, rivers, lakes and oceans.
Ducks are found throughout the world on every continent except Antarctica.
Ducks are fowl.
Ducks are fun.
Ducks are generally healthy and hardy.
Ducks are good fliers, and some fly long distances in migration.
Ducks are good foragers, finding slugs and worms and such during their rambles.
Ducks are happiest when they have free access to clean, safe water in which to swim and mate.
Ducks are herbivorous, less often - piscivorous water birds living on fresh waters and in the seas.
Ducks are in abundance and numbers are building daily.
Ducks are inside ponds.
Ducks are intelligent birds, so they become suspicious of decoys and calls.
Ducks are large aquatic birds with a thick layer of fat under the skin.
Ducks are located in lakes.
Ducks are located in parks.
Ducks are located in ponds.
Ducks are located in water.
Ducks are located in wetland.
Ducks are located on lakes.
Ducks are located on ponds.
Ducks are located on water.
Ducks are meat.
Ducks are member of families.
Ducks are models of flexibility, physically and mentally.
Ducks are mostly concerned with moving objects.
Ducks are much more sensitive to erucic acid than are chickens and turkeys.
Ducks are much more timid.
Ducks are noble creatures.
Ducks are nocturnal, and can find feed and water in the dark.
Ducks are often available for herding, as well.
Ducks are omnivores.
Ducks are only five dollars each.
Ducks are part of ducks.
Ducks are particularly keen on such additional copulations.
Ducks are plentiful on playa lakes around Dumas.
Ducks are popular objects for hunting on Baikal.
Ducks are poultries.
Ducks are quite content in Louisiana s balmy heat.
Ducks are quite different.
Ducks are raised primarily for meat.
Ducks are scores.
Ducks are small and require less space than geese.
Ducks are small and require less space to raise.
Ducks are so adaptable that they inhabit every continent on earth except Antarctica .
Ducks are so nomadic that scientists often have a difficult time tracking their movements.
Ducks are sociable.
Ducks are still available for adoption.
Ducks are still on local lakes and there are still occasional flocks of migrating geese.
Ducks are still plentiful on lakes and ponds.
Ducks are strange animals.
Ducks are symbols of conjugal fidelity and their image permeates Chinese art.
Ducks are the best animal.
Ducks are the commonly found pets and social birds too.
Ducks are the craft of choice during the summer.
Ducks are the easiest domestic birds to raise.
Ducks are the smallest with short necks.
Ducks are there as well to scarf up the bugs.
Ducks are used for eats.
Ducks are very different from chickens.
Ducks are very popular to raise.
Ducks are very social animals.
Ducks are very, very messy, but loveable.
Ducks are vindictive creatures.
Ducks are vulnerable to oil spills on coastlines where they winter or breed.
Ducks are water proof.
Ducks are waterfowls.
Ducks are well adopted to navigate and survive on land and in the water.
Ducks are well-suited to live in and around water.
Ducks are wonderful birds to learn about.
Ducks arrive in Louisiana ahead of cold fronts to escape the freezing temperatures behind the front.
Ducks avoid people.
Ducks belong to the waterfowl, family.
Ducks benefit from outdoor housing.
Ducks can be very aggressive, particularly if they perceive a threat.
Ducks can breed any time of year.
Ducks can eat the fruit inside.
Ducks can get jock itch too.
Ducks can get the flu.
Ducks can have antibiotics.
Ducks can keep large areas of the lake open even after long periods of freezing temperatures.
Ducks can swim.
Ducks carry no diseases.
Ducks carry out reconnaissance flights in long formations.
Ducks carry parasites.
Ducks catch the flu from wild birds, chickens, pigs or people.
Ducks claim exclusive rights to the breakfast crumbs.
Ducks climb up one side and slide down the other.
Ducks come by and swim in it.
Ducks comprise a group of species which at first glance seem to have similar habits.
Ducks consume food.
Ducks consume proteins.
Ducks copulate through rape.
Ducks cross streams.
Ducks deliver clubs air mail from one juggler to another.
Ducks depend on wetland.
Ducks do feed every day.
Ducks do winter over on some of the refuge's hot spring-fed pools, which stay free of ice.
Ducks drink and excrete more water than chickens or turkeys.
Ducks eat bread.
Ducks eat by dabbling straining plankton and other morsels from the water through their bills.
Ducks eat by dabbling straining plankton and tasty morsels from the water through their bills.
Ducks eat fish, water-lily acorns and insects.
Ducks eat fish.
Ducks eat fish.
Ducks eat food.
Ducks eat grain.
Ducks eat grass.
Ducks eat insects and worms.
Ducks eat Leeches.
Ducks eat many different food.
Ducks eat seeds.
Ducks eat slugs.
Ducks eat stuff.
Ducks eat the plastic bags, get sick, and die.
Ducks emerge from ponds.
Ducks engage in numerous nondiving activities during the day.
Ducks enjoy social gatherings and long chat sessions.
Ducks enjoy swimming, even in the winter.
Ducks enter waterways.
Ducks even love fresh, fluffy snow.
Ducks exhibit eyes.
Ducks Fall To No.
Ducks feed in bays.
Ducks feed in lakes.
Ducks feed in marsh.
Ducks feed in ponds.
Ducks feed in streams.
Ducks feed in water.
Ducks feed in wetland.
Ducks feed on aquatic plants.
Ducks feed on corn.
Ducks feed on plants.
Ducks feel safest in a flock because there are more pairs of eyes watching for danger.
Ducks find a place to set up camp.
Ducks find food in the pond, but often look in compost piles, which are rich in worms and insects.
Ducks find food.
Ducks find their food in the water.
Ducks float in lakes.
Ducks float in marsh.
Ducks float in rivers.
Ducks float in water.
Ducks float in wetland.
Ducks fly in the air and dive in the water.
Ducks fly over ecosystems.
Ducks fly over houses.
Ducks fly over lakes.
Ducks fly over marsh.
Ducks fly over ponds.
Ducks fly over rivers.
Ducks fly over roads.
Ducks fly over water.
Ducks fly together.
Ducks fly with agility and speed.
Ducks follow a yearly cycle of growth, migration and parenting.
Ducks follow along side waiting for a morsel to be thrown.
Ducks follow ducks.
Ducks follow parents.
Ducks generally eat bugs in the ground to supplement their diet.
Ducks generally have webbing on their feet.
Ducks get about four miles to the gallon.
Ducks get food.
Ducks give birth to ducklings.
Ducks give live birth twice a year and are omnivorous , eating aquatic plants and tiny animals .
Ducks give live birth twice a year and are omnivorous, eating aquatic plants and tiny animals.
Ducks give out a special sound.
Ducks glide, and giddy children play.
Ducks go across a conveyor belt in a factory.
Ducks go to bays.
Ducks go to lakes.
Ducks go to marsh.
Ducks go to ponds.
Ducks go to water.
Ducks greatly reduce volunteer and red rice seed in the soil.
Ducks grow feathers.
Ducks hang out on the dock.
Ducks has-part beaks.
Ducks has-part bellies.
Ducks has-part eyes.
Ducks has-part feet.
Ducks has-part legs.
Ducks has-part muscles.
Ducks has-part necks.
Ducks have (part) air sacs.
Ducks have (part) bird's feet.
Ducks have (part) brains.
Ducks have (part) breasts.
Ducks have (part) cell membranes.
Ducks have (part) cells.
Ducks have (part) chest cavities.
Ducks have (part) chests.
Ducks have (part) corpi.
Ducks have (part) cytoplasm.
Ducks have (part) ears.
Ducks have (part) faces.
Ducks have (part) flight feathers.
Ducks have (part) heads.
Ducks have (part) lips.
Ducks have (part) mouths.
Ducks have (part) nuclei.
Ducks have (part) plasma membranes.
Ducks have (part) quill feathers.
Ducks have (part) rib cages.
Ducks have (part) second joints.
Ducks have (part) sections.
Ducks have (part) skulls.
Ducks have (part) sterna.
Ducks have (part) talons.
Ducks have (part) vacuoles.
Ducks have (part) wishbones.
Ducks have a great ability to show affection and they are very community oriented.
Ducks have a high fat content and little meat.
Ducks have a large uropygial or preen gland near the base of their tails.
Ducks have a phallus unlike most other birds.
Ducks have ability.
Ducks have appearances.
Ducks have beaks.
Ducks have beautiful plumages.
Ducks have bills.
Ducks have body temperature.
Ducks have bones.
Ducks have broad, flat bills for sifting food from water.
Ducks have brown color.
Ducks have brown plumages.
Ducks have characteristics.
Ducks have color.
Ducks have diets.
Ducks have ducklings.
Ducks have feathers.
Ducks have feet made for swimming.
Ducks have flat beaks.
Ducks have flat feet to but out forest fires, Elephants have flat feet to put out burning duck.
Ducks have flesh.
Ducks have glands.
Ducks have green plumages.
Ducks have heads.
Ducks have it good here.
Ducks have light brown color.
Ducks have light color.
Ducks have lungs.
Ducks have narrow beaks.
Ducks have organs.
Ducks have plumages.
Ducks have reproductive organs.
Ducks have salt glands.
Ducks have same color.
Ducks have shapes.
Ducks have skin.
Ducks have strong ability.
Ducks have strong passions, whether they feel envy or pity.
Ducks have temperature.
Ducks have the natural eating behavior of gorging themselves when they are offered feed.
Ducks have their young too.
Ducks have vary diets.
Ducks have very simple housing needs.
Ducks help habitats.
Ducks help indicate a wetland, and meadow larks help indicate a grassland.
Ducks inhabit all continents except Antarctica .
Ducks inhabit all continents except Antarctica, and most of the world's islands.
Ducks inhabit the banks.
Ducks is a puzzler that really plays like a platform-style arcade game.
Ducks just can t resist it.
Ducks keep clean by preening themselves.
Ducks lay eggs, and hatch their young.
Ducks lay eggs.
Ducks lift beaks.
Ducks lift feathers.
Ducks lift necks.
Ducks lift wings.
Ducks like food.
Ducks like lakes.
Ducks like marsh.
Ducks like to eat wild rice that grows in lakes.
Ducks like to see lots of activity on the water before they decide to land.
Ducks like water.
Ducks live in areas.
Ducks live in lakes.
Ducks live in locations.
Ducks live in ponds.
Ducks live in regions.
Ducks live in streams.
Ducks live in urban areas.
Ducks live in water.
Ducks live in wetland.
Ducks live in woodlands.
Ducks live on ponds.
Ducks live on streams.
Ducks live on the lake, deer drink from it, truant boys from town fish in it.
Ducks look different Ducks of different species look different.
Ducks look for their mates in the fall and are usually part of an established pair by winter.
Ducks look funny trying to climb.
Ducks look like female mallards.
Ducks look like mallards.
Ducks lose feathers.
Ducks lose wing feathers.
Ducks love marsh.
Ducks love ponds.
Ducks love the stuff, hence the name.
Ducks love to forage around a garden.
Ducks love water.
Ducks make a ducket.
Ducks migrate back north in the spring because they don t like the heat of Southern summers.
Ducks migrate by the calendar as much as by the weather.
Ducks migrate south in the winter.
Ducks migrate to areas.
Ducks migrate to breed areas.
Ducks migrate to ponds.
Ducks migrate to regions.
Ducks move eyes.
Ducks move in to feed on a dead salmon in the Willamette River.
Ducks move one or two spaces in any direction and can fly over an intervening duck.
Ducks naturally keep themselves spotlessly clean.
Ducks naturally swallow grit and stones.
Ducks need energy.
Ducks need night shelter.
Ducks need shelter.
Ducks never fall over.
Ducks never say die.
Ducks obtain essential nutrients.
Ducks obtain food.
Ducks obtain nutrients.
Ducks occasionally nest here and herons and kingfishers have also been seen.
Ducks occupy wetlands in great numbers.
Ducks occur in habitats.
Ducks only quack in some languages.
Ducks paddle in the bay, oblivious to the drizzle, and leaves rustle as the morning breeze stiffens.
Ducks paddle nearby, patrolling the shore.
Ducks paddle on the water, above the rice and fish.
Ducks paddle up to the edge of the road.
Ducks pick up two singles wins in the match.
Ducks play eight straight on the road before finishing up in Vancouver.
Ducks play five non-conference home matches.
Ducks play in lakes.
Ducks play in ponds.
Ducks play in rivers.
Ducks poop a lot.
Ducks possess bodies.
Ducks possess feathers.
Ducks possess nests.
Ducks possess webbing.
Ducks prefer habitats.
Ducks prefer lakes.
Ducks prefer nests.
Ducks prefer ponds.
Ducks prefer water.
Ducks prefer wetland.
Ducks quack along the edge of the boat.
Ducks quack Help build the best animal-related directory on the web.
Ducks quack in the distance.
Ducks release eggs.
Ducks remain together until incubation begins.
Ducks replace their wing feathers once and their body feathers twice, during each molting cycle.
Ducks require food.
Ducks require heads.
Ducks require ponds.
Ducks require some water and space.
Ducks require water.
Ducks resemble female mallards.
Ducks resemble mallards.
Ducks rest on marsh.
Ducks rest on water.
Ducks return to environments.
Ducks return to habitats.
Ducks return to islands.
Ducks return to marsh.
Ducks return to ponds.
Ducks return to water.
Ducks run ugly and slow.
Ducks seek a new mate each year.
Ducks seek fish.
Ducks seek food.
Ducks seek water.
Ducks seem to avoid wetlands with monotypes of deep-marsh emergent hydrophytes like hybrid cattail.
Ducks set and team letter.
Ducks share lakes.
Ducks share water.
Ducks shed feathers.
Ducks show a remarkable ability to look out for one another.
Ducks show incoordination, shaking of the head and twisted neck.
Ducks show up too.
Ducks sit in rows.
Ducks sleep a good deal during the day.
Ducks spend most of the time in the water.
Ducks spread wings.
Ducks stretch necks.
Ducks swallow food.
Ducks swim along the lake's smooth ripples.
Ducks swim alongside the boats in water two to three feet deep.
Ducks swim in ponds.
Ducks swim in rivers.
Ducks swim in rows.
Ducks swim in water.
Ducks swim into the traps to eat the barley inside.
Ducks swim peacefully and feather-winged butterflies abound.
Ducks swim the inlets and coves and nest in the tall weeds off the road.
Ducks take a long time to take off.
Ducks take advantage of it, particularly during their reproductive cycle.
Ducks take flight.
Ducks take on a whole new shape in flight.
Ducks tend to eat carbs first, filling up, and ignoring their feed.
Ducks There are many varieties of duck.
Ducks thrive in marsh.
Ducks tolerate cold very well, but tend to dislike wind.
Ducks trust other ducks and they like companionship.
Ducks ultimately act like ducks and chickens act like chickens.
Ducks use feet.
Ducks use for nesting material and cover.
Ducks use the islands in the marshes as places to loaf.
Ducks use their flat bills like strainers sifting plankton out of the water.
Ducks use their webbed feet to swim and their flat beak to filter food from water.
Ducks vanish into thin air.
Ducks vary in their migratory distances.
Ducks visit bays.
Ducks visit fields.
Ducks visit lakes.
Ducks walk with a waddle because their legs are set so far back on their bodies.
Ducks want water.
Ducks weigh pounds.
Ducks work together to overcome obstacles or dangerous situations.
Ducks always seem to get into trouble with local hunters.
Ducks often bury their eggs in the nest.
Ducks often eat mare's tail.
Ducks sometimes arrive a little late, depending on the weather in Colorado.
Ducks usually lay eggs in late winter, spring and early summer.
Ducks usually look for a mate or partner in winter.
Ducks usually nest on the ground.
All Ducks are also available as specific breeds.
All ducks are good swimmers and waders.
All ducks live near water.
All ducks swim.
All ducks weigh the same and all ducklings weigh the same.
Every duck harvested from the excess population is a chicken saved.
Many ducks are here in winter as well as waders, grebes and divers.
Many ducks are migratory .
Many ducks are migratory.
Many ducks have a brightly colored patch on each wing.
Many ducks nest along the shores.
More ducks are in North Dakota because the state has good water conditions.
More ducks arrive, and most of the shorebirds depart for wintering grounds far to the south.
More ducks reproduce in the North Dakota wetlands than anywhere else in the country.
Most ducks acquire breeding plumage in the fall, six or seven months before other birds.
Most ducks adapt to life.
Most ducks appear in habitats.
Most ducks appear in rivers.
Most ducks are aquatic birds .
Most ducks are aquatic birds.
Most ducks are inside ponds.
Most ducks are located in water.
Most ducks are located on lakes.
Most ducks are located on ponds.
Most ducks are located on water.
Most ducks are member of families.
Most ducks avoid people.
Most ducks breed near aquatic habitats such as wetlands.
Most ducks carry parasites.
Most ducks consume food.
Most ducks cross streams.
Most ducks depend on wetland.
Most ducks eat bread.
Most ducks eat fish.
Most ducks eat food.
Most ducks eat grain.
Most ducks eat grass.
Most ducks eat many different food.
Most ducks eat seeds.
Most ducks eat stuff.
Most ducks emerge from ponds.
Most ducks enter waterways.
Most ducks establish their nests on or close to water.
Most ducks exhibit eyes.
Most ducks feed in bays.
Most ducks feed in lakes.
Most ducks feed in marsh.
Most ducks feed in ponds.
Most ducks feed in streams.
Most ducks feed in water.
Most ducks feed in wetland.
Most ducks feed on aquatic plants.
Most ducks feed on aquatic vegetation.
Most ducks feed on corn.
Most ducks feed on plants.
Most ducks find food.
Most ducks float in lakes.
Most ducks float in marsh.
Most ducks float in rivers.
Most ducks float in water.
Most ducks float in wetland.
Most ducks fly over ecosystems.
Most ducks fly over houses.
Most ducks fly over lakes.
Most ducks fly over marsh.
Most ducks fly over ponds.
Most ducks fly over rivers.
Most ducks fly over roads.
Most ducks fly over water.
Most ducks follow ducks.
Most ducks follow parents.
Most ducks form pair bonds during the winter, long before they reproduce.
Most ducks get food.
Most ducks go to bays.
Most ducks go to lakes.
Most ducks go to marsh.
Most ducks go to ponds.
Most ducks go to water.
Most ducks grow feathers.
Most ducks has-part beaks.
Most ducks has-part bellies.
Most ducks has-part eyes.
Most ducks has-part feet.
Most ducks has-part legs.
Most ducks has-part muscles.
Most ducks has-part necks.
Most ducks have a wide flat beak adapted for dredging.
Most ducks have ability.
Most ducks have appearances.
Most ducks have beaks.
Most ducks have beautiful plumages.
Most ducks have bills.
Most ducks have body temperature.
Most ducks have bones.
Most ducks have brown color.
Most ducks have brown plumages.
Most ducks have characteristics.
Most ducks have color.
Most ducks have diets.
Most ducks have ducklings.
Most ducks have flat beaks.
Most ducks have flesh.
Most ducks have glands.
Most ducks have green plumages.
Most ducks have heads.
Most ducks have light brown color.
Most ducks have light color.
Most ducks have narrow beaks.
Most ducks have organs.
Most ducks have plumages.
Most ducks have reproductive organs.
Most ducks have salt glands.
Most ducks have same color.
Most ducks have shapes.
Most ducks have skin.
Most ducks have strong ability.
Most ducks have temperature.
Most ducks help habitats.
Most ducks lift beaks.
Most ducks lift feathers.
Most ducks lift necks.
Most ducks lift wings.
Most ducks live in areas.
Most ducks live in lakes.
Most ducks live in locations.
Most ducks live in ponds.
Most ducks live in regions.
Most ducks live in streams.
Most ducks live in urban areas.
Most ducks live in water.
Most ducks live in wetland.
Most ducks live in woodlands.
Most ducks live on ponds.
Most ducks live on streams.
Most ducks look like female mallards.
Most ducks look like mallards.
Most ducks lose all wing feathers and are flightless.
Most ducks lose feathers.
Most ducks lose wing feathers.
Most ducks love marsh.
Most ducks love ponds.
Most ducks migrate to areas.
Most ducks migrate to breed areas.
Most ducks migrate to ponds.
Most ducks migrate to regions.
Most ducks move eyes.
Most ducks nest in grasslands near wetlands.
Most ducks obtain essential nutrients.
Most ducks obtain food.
Most ducks obtain nutrients.
Most ducks occur in habitats.
Most ducks play in lakes.
Most ducks play in ponds.
Most ducks play in rivers.
Most ducks possess bodies.
Most ducks possess feathers.
Most ducks possess nests.
Most ducks possess webbing.
Most ducks prefer fresh water.
Most ducks prefer habitats.
Most ducks prefer lakes.
Most ducks prefer nests.
Most ducks prefer ponds.
Most ducks prefer water.
Most ducks prefer wetland.
Most ducks release eggs.
Most ducks require food.
Most ducks require heads.
Most ducks require ponds.
Most ducks require water.
Most ducks resemble female mallards.
Most ducks resemble mallards.
Most ducks rest on marsh.
Most ducks rest on water.
Most ducks return to environments.
Most ducks return to habitats.
Most ducks return to islands.
Most ducks return to marsh.
Most ducks return to ponds.
Most ducks return to water.
Most ducks seek fish.
Most ducks seek food.
Most ducks seek water.
Most ducks shed feathers.
Most ducks sit in rows.
Most ducks spread wings.
Most ducks stretch necks.
Most ducks swim in ponds.
Most ducks swim in rivers.
Most ducks swim in rows.
Most ducks swim in water.
Most ducks take flight.
Most ducks thrive in marsh.
Most ducks use feet.
Most ducks visit bays.
Most ducks visit fields.
Most ducks visit lakes.
Most ducks weigh pounds.
Some ducks also love watermelon.
Some ducks are bred and kept by humans .
Some ducks are bred and kept by humans.
Some ducks are located in lakes.
Some ducks are located in marsh.
Some ducks are located in ponds.
Some ducks are located on ground.
Some ducks are located on islands.
Some ducks are located on marsh.
Some ducks are located on rivers.
Some ducks are smarter than others.
Some ducks are vegetarians, others eat such things as fish, insects, and snails.
Some ducks attract ducks.
Some ducks break bones.
Some ducks chirp.
Some ducks cross bays.
Some ducks cross rivers.
Some ducks cross roads.
Some ducks cross streets.
Some ducks depend on vegetation.
Some ducks do jobs.
Some ducks eat acorns.
Some ducks eat duckweeds.
Some ducks eat fish, slugs, anything crawling around or green.
Some ducks eat insects.
Some ducks eat snails.
Some ducks eat vegetation.
Some ducks eat weeds.
Some ducks eat worms.
Some ducks emerge from bays.
Some ducks emerge from islands.
Some ducks emerge from nests.
Some ducks enjoy a little drink of milk every now and then.
Some ducks enter nests.
Some ducks extend penises.
Some ducks feed in islands.
Some ducks feed in lagoons.
Some ducks feed in nests.
Some ducks feed in oceans.
Some ducks feed in rivers.
Some ducks feed in sea.
Some ducks feed on duckweeds.
Some ducks feed on grain.
Some ducks feed on insects.
Some ducks feed on seeds.
Some ducks feel wind.
Some ducks find on beaches.
Some ducks float in habitats.
Some ducks float in moats.
Some ducks float in ponds.
Some ducks float in sea.
Some ducks float in streams.
Some ducks fly over bays.
Some ducks fly over beaches.
Some ducks fly over districts.
Some ducks fly over homes.
Some ducks fly over islands.
Some ducks fly over oceans.
Some ducks fly over sea.
Some ducks fly over streams.
Some ducks fly over threats.
Some ducks fly over wetland.
Some ducks go to farms.
Some ducks go to islands.
Some ducks go to nests.
Some ducks go to regions.
Some ducks go to rivers.
Some ducks have ancestry.
Some ducks have battles.
Some ducks have chins.
Some ducks have crests.
Some ducks have enormous noses.
Some ducks have fruit.
Some ducks have layers.
Some ducks have long and narrow beaks.
Some ducks have noses.
Some ducks have patches.
Some ducks have penises.
Some ducks have problems.
Some ducks have specialization.
Some ducks have stations.
Some ducks have tendencies.
Some ducks have territory.
Some ducks have trouble.
Some ducks have tubes.
Some ducks have types.
Some ducks have very colorful bills, including red, orange, yellow or even blue.
Some ducks have water.
Some ducks have wing patches.
Some ducks help eggs.
Some ducks help wetland.
Some ducks just take a little longer.
Some ducks live in backyards.
Some ducks live in bays.
Some ducks live in lagoons.
Some ducks live in marsh.
Some ducks live in parks.
Some ducks live in swamp.
Some ducks live in zoos.
Some ducks live on beaches.
Some ducks live on farms.
Some ducks live on islands.
Some ducks love cat fish food from local feed stores.
Some ducks love food.
Some ducks mate for life.
Some ducks migrate to Canada.
Some ducks nest in cavities.
Some ducks offer warmth.
Some ducks pick up viruses.
Some ducks play in backyards.
Some ducks possess membranes.
Some ducks prefer air.
Some ducks provide eggs.
Some ducks provide food.
Some ducks provide meat.
Some ducks reach ages.
Some ducks reach maturity.
Some ducks reach reproductive maturity.
Some ducks reach sexual maturity.
Some ducks require habitats.
Some ducks require outbreaks.
Some ducks require plants.
Some ducks require vegetation.
Some ducks reside year round in the Southeast.
Some ducks return to beaches.
Some ducks return to fields.
Some ducks return to lakes.
Some ducks return to nests.
Some ducks return to regions.
Some ducks return to wetland.
Some ducks ride wind.
Some ducks seek shelter.
Some ducks share food.
Some ducks sing songs.
Some ducks sit on nests.
Some ducks sit on stones.
Some ducks sit on stumps.
Some ducks stand on logs.
Some ducks steal food.
Some ducks steal meals.
Some ducks suffer from deformities.
Some ducks suffer from serious deformities.
Some ducks swim in bays.
Some ducks swim in lakes.
Some ducks use artificial nest boxes.
Some ducks use boxes.
Some ducks use nest boxes.
Some ducks watch otters.
Some ducks watch skies.
Duckings are hunts.
A duckling is a duck
Duckling isa meat.
Ducklings are able to swim and feed themselves soon after they hatch.
Ducklings are ducks.
Ducklings become stronger.
Ducklings begin learning to swim and catch food within a day of hatching.
Ducklings continue to grow.
Ducklings grow extremely fast and the niacin helps their bones develop correctly.
Ducklings have (part) bone cells.
Ducklings have (part) corpi.
Ducklings have (part) ground substances.
Ducklings have (part) marrow.
Ducklings have (part) mast cells.
Ducklings have (part) second joints.
Ducklings have (part) wishbones.
Ducklings leave the box immediately after hatching.
Ducklings love to have fresh greens and weeds.
Ducklings require fresh water for drinking until their salt glands develop.
Ducklings turn into ducks.
Ducklings usually leave the nest the day after they are hatched.
All ducklings die.
Most ducklings turn into ducks.
Some ducklings have claws.
Some ducklings regulate areas.
Some ducklings require care.
A duckpin is a pin
Duckpins are bowling.
Duckpins are smaller than regular bowling pins.
Duckpins is essentially miniature bowling.
Duckpins takes a lot of practice, a lot of skill.
Ducks feet are pretty hardy.
Duckweed fronds float on surfaces.
Duckweed plants prefer certain conditions.
Duckweed plants prefer certain growth conditions.
Duckweed plants prefer conditions.
Duckweed plants prefer growth conditions.
Duckweed plants use asexual reproduction.
Duckweed plants use reproduction.
A duckweed is a hydrophytic plant
Duckweed are useful plants for students to use to develop investigations.
Duckweed floats on the water.
Duckweed grown in the integrated farming system is also a high quality feed for fish.
Duckweed grown in the integrated farming system is also a high-quality feed for fish.
Duckweed grows faster in warmer weather.
Duckweed grows incredibly fast.
Duckweed grows on benign neglect in the wild.
Duckweed isa tracheophyte.
Duckweed produces more protein on average than soybeans.
Duckweed reproduce at twice the rate of other vascular plants.
Duckweed reproduces asexually, cloning itself repeatedly.
Duckweed resembles in taste to watercress or spinach.
Duckweeds are among the smallest plants in the world.
Duckweeds are aquatic plants.
Duckweeds are available from many sources .
Duckweeds are found in quiet, nutrient rich wetlands and ponds.
Duckweeds are green on pond surfaces.
Duckweeds are ideal for aquatic toxicity testing because they are easy to collect and culture.
Duckweeds are robust, tiny flowering plants.
Duckweeds are small, fragile, free floating aquatic plants.
Duckweeds are the smallest flowering plants.
Duckweeds are the smallest of flowering plants, but reproduction is generally vegetative.
Duckweeds are tiny floating or submerged aquatic plants with reduced or obsolete roots.
Duckweeds are very small aquatic plants that are usually found floating on the water surface.
Duckweeds belong to families.
Duckweeds bud off daughter plants, forming chains of new plants.
Duckweeds can overwinter in frozen ponds as turions or seeds .
Duckweeds can tolerate a degree of salinity , but are unable to grow in salt marshes.
Duckweeds commonly grow in open ponds or shallow wetlands with little or no shade.
Duckweeds form buds.
Duckweeds form dormant buds.
Duckweeds grow in freshwater throughout most of the world.
Duckweeds grow in water.
Duckweeds grow quickly and produce new offshoots rapidly.
Duckweeds grow shades.
Duckweeds have (part) cell membranes.
Duckweeds have (part) cells.
Duckweeds have (part) corpi.
Duckweeds have (part) cytoplasm.
Duckweeds have (part) leaf shapes.
Duckweeds have (part) nuclei.
Duckweeds have (part) pads.
Duckweeds have (part) plasma membranes.
Duckweeds have (part) sections.
Duckweeds have (part) vacuoles.
Duckweeds have a worldwide distribution, especially temperate and tropical regions.
Duckweeds have distribution.
Duckweeds have features.
Duckweeds have great application in genetic or biochemical research.
Duckweeds have growth.
Duckweeds have simple structures.
Duckweeds have structural features that have been simplified by natural selection.
Duckweeds have structures.
Duckweeds need nitrogen.
Duckweeds need nutrients.
Duckweeds need sunlight.
Duckweeds need water.
Duckweeds produce seeds.
Most duckweeds belong to families.
Most duckweeds form dormant buds.
Most duckweeds grow in water.
Most duckweeds grow shades.
Most duckweeds have distribution.
Most duckweeds have features.
Most duckweeds have growth.
Most duckweeds have simple structures.
Most duckweeds have structures.
Most duckweeds produce seeds.
Some duckweed floating on the surface can round out the natural plant elements of the aquarium.
Some duckweeds absorb water.
Some duckweeds become problems.
Some duckweeds become weeds.
Some duckweeds cover surfaces.
Some duckweeds form colonies.
Some duckweeds form large colonies.
Some duckweeds grow in full sunlight.
Some duckweeds grow in labs.
Some duckweeds grow in sunlight.
Some duckweeds grow on hog wastewater.
Some duckweeds grow on wastewater.
Some duckweeds grow ranges.
Some duckweeds have characteristics.
Some duckweeds have concentration.
Some duckweeds have different characteristics.
Some duckweeds have mechanisms.
Some duckweeds have requirements.
Some duckweeds have roots.
Some duckweeds have specific requirements.
Some duckweeds produce fruit.
Some duckweeds survive winter.
A ducky is a lover
Duckies are flexible, highly maneuverable, stable and easy to control.
Duckies are inflatable kayaks that are both stable and responsive.
Duckies are inflatable kayaks that are one or two-person crafts.
Duckies are the horses of the ocean.
Duckies combine the maneuverability of a kayak with the stability and safety of a raft.
A duct is a passageway
Duct isa body part.
Ducts are a critical link in home energy efficiency.
Ducts are conduits.
Ducts are formed by cystic ducts.
Ducts are formed by ducts.
Ducts are impermeable to the major constituents of milk.
Ducts are located in houses.
Ducts are part of vascular plants.
Ducts are passage.
Ducts are the small passages connecting the milk-producing glands, or lobules, to the nipple.
Ducts are typically smaller tubes associated with exocrine structures.
Ducts are visible in the uper left of the image.
Ducts are wave-guides which cause constructive and destructive interference of propagating energy.
Ducts become unblocked.
Ducts branch out from the nipple to the interior of the breast, ending in clusters of the lobules.
Ducts can cause radio waves to propagate to anomalously short or long ranges.
Ducts carry bile.
Ducts carry digestive fluid.
Ducts carry digestive secretion.
Ducts carry fluid.
Ducts carry milk from the lobules after childbirth.
Ducts carry secretion.
Ducts carry the rushing hot air and the fan noise to every room.
Ducts contain substances.
Ducts drain from each lobule.
Ducts drain to bottom of quarter into the gland cistern.
Ducts get dirty when holes or gaps in the ductwork permit foreign matter to enter the air ducts.
Ducts go in that vas vase.
Ducts have (part) corpi.
Ducts have respiratory tissue.
Ducts have tissue.
Ducts lead to the nipple in the center of a dark area of skin called the areola.
Ducts lose air at each joint like a hole in a bucket.
Ducts lose energy to the basement both when the air handler fan is on and when it is off.
Ducts made by tough cardboard or a plastic can be a very useful piece.
Ducts offer an economical alternative, at least until prices improve and a full floor is affordable.
Ducts pass through glands.
Ducts pass through prostate glands.
Ducts pierce the walls, floors, partitions and ceilings.
Ducts produce drag, but no downforce.
Ducts supply air.
Most ducts are formed by cystic ducts.
Most ducts are formed by ducts.
Most ducts carry bile.
Most ducts carry digestive fluid.
Most ducts carry digestive secretion.
Most ducts carry fluid.
Most ducts carry secretion.
Most ducts contain substances.
Most ducts have respiratory tissue.
Most ducts have tissue.
Most ducts pass through glands.
Most ducts pass through prostate glands.
Some ducts associate with structures.
Some ducts become passage.
Some ducts carry bile salt.
Some ducts carry milk.
Some ducts carry products.
Some ducts carry salt.
Some ducts carry urine.
Some ducts carry waste.
Some ducts connect pancreases.
Some ducts contain enzymes.
Some ducts drain into ureters.
Some ducts drain into veins.
Some ducts drain livers.
Some ducts drain nephrons.
Some ducts lead from coeloms.
Some ducts lead from esophagi.
Some ducts lead from glands.
Some ducts lead from intestines.
Some ducts lead from kidneys.
Some ducts lead from livers.
Some ducts lead from testes.
Ductal growth is impeded in mammary glands of C-neu transgenic mice.
Ductal inflammation is very common in chronic pancreatitis.
Ductal lavage brings the search for breast cancer down to the microscopic level.
Ductal lavage examines cells from inside the milk ducts, where most breast cancers originate.
Ductal lavage involves a two-step process.
Ductal lavage involves using a catheter to draw cells out of milk ducts, where most cancers begin.
Ductal lavage is a minimally invasive method of collecting samples of milk ductal cells.
Ductal lavage is a new way to obtain samples of cells from the milk ducts of the breast.
Ductal lavage is premised on the fact that most breast cancers originate in the ductal systems.
Ductal lavage offers similar information.
Ducted fans are also legal if they use a commercial fan assembly.
Ducted systems are notoriously leaky, which reduces system efficiency and indoor air quality.
Ductile failure occurs at higher T and P deeper in the crust.
Ductile iron is a casting material similar to steel.
Ductile iron is an easily molded, non-brittle metal.
Ductile iron represents the fastest growing segment of the iron market.
Ductile irons are more plastic and form longer chips than gray irons.
Ductile materials perform better than brittle ones.
Some ductile pipes have alternatives.
Ductile vanadium is commercially available.
A ductility is plasticity
Ductilities are dispositions.
Ductilities are malleability.
Ductility follows a path opposite to that of hardness.
Ductility is a material's ability to deform under tensile stress .
Ductility is a property, especially of metals, of being capable to be drawn out into a wire.
Ductility is high, corrosion resistance suitable for all but strong chemical applications.
Ductility is sacrificed, of course, to gain strength.
Ductility is similar to malleability.
Ductility is the ability of a metal to be drawn into wire.
Ductility is the ability of a metal to plastically deform.
Ductility is the amount that any material yields under shear stress.
Ductility is the key property for earthquake survival.
Ductility is the property of solid to be drawn into wires.
A dud is failure
Dud isa happening.
Dud isa occurrence.
Duds are ragged clothes.
Duds are the cowboys' favorite clothes or their best clothes.
Duds can be dangerous.
A dude ranch is a resort
Dude ranch is Arizona's newest Oasis.
Dude ranches are great destination vacations for families, couples, singles and groups of all types.
Dude ranches offer great family fun.
Dude ranches offer year round fun, but in the winter there a peacefulness that settles there.
Dude ranches operate throughout the Southwest, horse ranches as well as cattle ranches.
Dude ranches vary from working cattle ranches to more luxurious resort type facilities.
Dude ranchs are resorts.
A dude is a man
Dude looks about.
Dude looks like a lady.
Dude looks like a motocross racer sponsored by metal mulisha and monster energy drinks.
Dudes also can take riding lessons.
Dudes are like that at times.
Dudes can dream though.
Most dude string horses have a sound disposition and are relatively free from vices.
Due acknowledgement is required if results using the software are published in any form.
Due allowance appears to be made on the public radar site for anomalous propagation.
Due attention is paid to important ethical and social aspects of agricultural engineering.
Due attention is paid to quality packing to save the parts from spoilage.
Due care is charge
Due care is used in checking ads for errors but no warranty is stated or implied.
Due care requires a member to discharge professional responsibilities with competence and diligence.
Due caution is advised.
DUE column provides application due date.
Due concern is paid to the mutual influence of the current design and existing library frameworks .
Due consideration is given to the creation of collaborative knowledge sharing cultures.
Due consideration is given to unconventional construction methods and placement techniques.
Due credit is appreciated.
Due credit is given to all contributors.
Due credit is given where needed.
A due date is a date
Due date announce when given.
Due date depends upon the particular topic - see course schedule below.
Due date Enter the due date of the bill of exchange.
Due date is any time before finals.
Due date is any time between now and the last day of class.
Due date is as shown on the class schedule.
Due date is delayed by one week due to the unavailability of the computer lab.
Due date is determined by the earliest program attachment deadline.
Due date is determined without regard to any extension of time to file.
Due date is every three weeks.
Due date is given below.
Due date is given on the syllabus.
Due date is indicated on the syllabus.
Due date is listed in the syllabus.
Due date is listed on syllabus.
Due date is listed on the bill.
Due date is on printed schedule.
Due date is one week after the seminar.
Due date is same.
Due date is set by the lending library.
Due date is set for two weeks before the progress report due date.
Due date is stamped in the book and overdue notices are sent as a courtesy.
Due date is the last day of class.
Due date is the last day of final exams.
Due date is the last duty day of the second month in even numbered quarters.
Due date is the same.
Due date is three days after notice is sent.
Due date is unchanged.
Due date refers to the day registration renewals are due.
Due date varies depending on initiative areas.
Due date varies with each person.
Due date varies.
Due dates allow complete flexibility to accommodate any type of borrowing policy.
Due dates appear in boldface on the class schedule.
Due dates appear in boldface on the schedule.
Due dates appear in the course outline below.
Due dates appear on the reading list.
Due dates apply to lessons only.
Due dates apply to on-campus students.
Due dates are also more accurate.
Due dates are at least two weeks after a given assignment was made.
Due dates are below.
Due dates are dependent upon subject.
Due dates are films.
Due dates are final.
Due dates are firm .
Due dates are firm unless prior arrangements have been made.
Due dates are firm.
Due dates are generally flexible with two exceptions.
Due dates are important.
Due dates are in the syllabus.
Due dates are negotiable in advance.
Due dates are on course schedule.
Due dates are on syllabus below.
Due dates are on the application.
Due dates are on the schedule.
Due dates are on the syllabus .
Due dates are on the syllabus.
Due dates are on the timetable.
Due dates are one week from the date assigned.
Due dates are real.
Due dates are sacred.
Due dates are strict.
Due dates are subject to change .
Due dates are subject to change at the discretion of the instructor.
Due dates are subject to change once the semester is under way.
Due dates are the first of each month in the period when the internship is in progress.
Due dates are the same as stated above.
Due dates are the same for ALL students.
Due dates are to be strictly adhered to.
Due dates are very important.
Due dates fall late in the second month of the semester.
Due dates fall on days the library is open.
Due dates falling on weekends and holidays weekends and holidays are due the next business day.
Due dates mean the start of class or section meeting.
Due dates remain constant, the chapters are behind.
Due dates vary according to agency requirements.
Due dates vary according to the schedule specified in the syllabus.
Due dates vary according to the type of material.
Due dates vary by classification of taxpayers.
Due dates vary with directorate.
Due dates vary with program.
Due dates vary.
All due dates are by midnight the day the project is due.
All due dates are final and non-negotiable.
All due dates are final.
All due dates are firm deadlines.
All due dates are firm.
All due dates are Fridays.
All due dates are in-class for hard copy, midnight for email.
All due dates are strict.
All due dates are subject to change if another user requests the book.
All due dates are subject to change.
All due dates are to be adhered to unless told otherwise.
All due dates are to be adhered to.
All due dates listed are tentative.
All due dates refer to the start of the class period on the date due.
Due days are Wednesdays.
Due diligence begins with checking first things first.
Due diligence begins.
Due diligence continues.
Due diligence demands price comparisons and that means fees are negotiated.
Due diligence engagements to assist with international acquisition strategies.
Due diligence involves a thorough financial analyst of the bank's long term viability.
Due diligence involves three steps.
Due diligence is a common requirement for significant commercial refinancing.
Due diligence is a crucial risk control.
Due diligence is a defense.
Due diligence is a mutual exchange of information.
Due diligence is a necessity.
Due diligence is a two-way street.
Due diligence is all that is required of an attorney trying to locate a client.
Due diligence is due professional care.
Due diligence is especially important when an outside company is being purchased.
Due diligence is imperative when choosing a school for distance learning.
Due diligence is important.
Due diligence is necessary to find the appropriate pony.
Due diligence is now at a premium.
Due diligence is one thing.
Due diligence is only relevant as a secondary issue.
Due diligence is possible and affordable for manager hires.
Due diligence is recommended before undertaking any lighting retrofit project.
Due diligence is required in making application for relief.
Due diligence is required in order to avoid the worst scenario.
Due diligence is suggested in ALL web related matters.
Due diligence is the in-depth study of an existing business circumstance.
Due diligence is the precursor for a successful managed care contract.
Due diligence is the process of investigating a potential investment.
Due diligence is the responsibility of the holder.
Due diligence is the watchword.
Due diligence is under way.
Due diligence is vital.
Due diligence is what smart buyers do before they pay.
Due diligence means examining the offering circular closely.
Due diligence means looking at the company's books and tax returns going back several years.
Due diligence pays off.
Due diligence projects Valuation of mineral properties.
Due diligence requires a formal, structured approach.
Due diligence requires inspection of all sources.
Due diligence serves to confirm all material facts in regards to a sale.
Due diligence serves two roles.
A due east is a point
Due east are the nearest set of stairs to enter the building.
Many DUE grantees sponsor conferences or workshops as part of their project activities.
Due hour is just before class starts.
Due notice is given to the parties in interest.
Due panel alerts users to upcoming scheduled assessments and assessment completion dates.
A due process is a group action
Due process allows for equity and fair play.
Due process applies to the states.
Due process begins with the Constitution.
Due process calls for an investigation lets grant it.
Due process comes in different forms based upon the importance of the right being taken away.
Due process contemplates the opportunity to be heard at a meaningful time in a meaningful manner.
Due process costs tens of thousands and absolute chaos.
Due process emphasizes fairness between the state and the individual dealing with the state.
Due process ensures that government agencies and officials act fairly in making decisions.
Due process entitles the defendant to a fair sentencing process.
Due process includes notice and a meaningful opportunity to be heard.
Due process incorporates notions of fair notice or warning.
Due process is a concept of fundamental fairness.
Due process is a corrupted process.
Due process is a distant memory.
Due process is a flexible concept.
Due process is a guarantee.
Due process is a legal concept for determining what is fair and what violates constitutional rights.
Due process is a mandated right.
Due process is a series of steps to guarantee each pupil a free appropriate public education.
Due process is a term that essentially means procedural fairness.
Due process is a waste of time.
Due process is accorded to students in the event of any alleged violation of college regulations.
Due process is affected by the gravity of deprivation.
Due process is afforded users charged with violations.
Due process is also very good.
Due process is an expectation for students.
Due process is an important part of the American justice system.
Due process is available to the district and the parent to resolve disputes.
Due process is dependent upon timeliness.
Due process is fair play.
Due process is followed in the event of disciplinary or other actions.
Due process is guaranteed all students.
Due process is guaranteed by the United States Constitution.
Due process is guaranteed to individuals by the Fourteenth Amendment of the Constitution.
Due process is introduced into the juvenile justice system.
Due process is maintained through several levels of appeal.
Due process is necessary before the taxpayer owes the fee.
Due process is non-existent.
Due process is often a phantom.
Due process is omitted.
Due process is overdue for some protection.
Due process is paramount.
Due process is provided by processing alleged rule violations via regular university channels.
Due process is provided to all students.
Due process is required in internal union disciplinary hearings.
Due process is required to allow a parent to prepare, appear, and protect their parental rights.
Due process is satisfied if the guilty plea is voluntary.
Due process is such a terrible judicial burden in a civilized society and in a nation of laws.
Due process is the application of laws to make sure that an individual's rights are being protected.
Due process is the learning goals a faculty member defines for a course or program.
Due process is there for any kind of serious action.
Due process is tied to custom , which can vary even among regions or localities within a nation.
Due process is top priority.
Due process is unheard of.
Due process is very different from mediation.
Due process means pushing employees to remember and tell all of the details of their story.
Due process prohibits criminal sentencing unless there has been a prior determination of guilt.
Due process prohibits the prosecution of a defendant who is unfit to stand trial.
Due process protects an accused against unfair prejudice in conducting an adversarial proceeding.
Due process refers to protection from arbitrary punishment.
Due process refers to violations of the Sixth Amendment, such as the right to a speedy trial.
Due process requires a clean, accurate record made by a neutral party.
Due process requires a fair trial before an impartial tribunal.
Due process requires a hearing before removing a case from the juvenile justice system.
Due process requires a hearing prior to discharge, demotion, or suspension of more than five days.
Due process requires a refund of the unlawful taxes paid for all three years.
Due process requires adequate notice to a minor's parents prior to a juvenile proceeding.
Due process requires finding of parental unfitness prior to the loss of custody of one's child.
Due process requires fundamental fairness and applies to any adjudication of important rights.
Due process requires in every case that notice reasonably calculated to inform be given.
Due process requires no less.
Due process requires nothing less.
Due process requires notice and an opportunity to be heard.
Due process requires notice and the opportunity to be heard.
Due process requires otherwise.
Due process requires that a hearing be fair, practicable, and reasonable.
Due process requires that a party receive adequate notice and an opportunity to be heard.
Due process requires that certain prosecutorial disclosures be made in criminal cases.
Due process requires that criminal statutes give fair notice of the activity that is outlawed.
Due process requires that judges be impartial and appear so to all citizens.
Due process requires that notice and an opportunity for a hearing precede deprivation of property.
Due process requires that personal jurisdiction be based first and foremost on fairness.
Due process requires that States provide adequate notice.
Due process requires that the state prove all elements of a crime beyond a reasonable doubt.
Due process requires the government to prove every element of a charged offense.
Due process requires the same giving of reasons that is required of all other management decisions.
Due process requires the state to follow the designated process.
Due process takes too long.
Due processes are group actions.
Due processes are human rights.
More due process is required for the former than for the latter.
DUE programs address the spectrum of undergraduate educational challenges.
Due provision is made for legal, ethical and security requirements.
Due recognition is given to other faiths.
Due recognition is given to the importance of sound, basic drawing before exaggeration.
Due regard is given to each candidate's detailed academic record and two academic referee reports.
Due regard is given to the district court's opportunity to judge witness credibility.
Due respect is to be given to professional expertise and the role of peer review in the process.
All due respect is given to the privacy that residents enjoy intheir rooms.
DUE software highlights therapeutic issues.
Due time arrives.
Due weight is given to the distinct christological and soteriological features of each letter.
A due is a right
Dues also defray the expenses of producing contests and clinics.
Dues also help support numerous scholarship programs.
Dues also help to cover the cost of chapter mailings.
Dues also support public education efforts, site improvement and scientific studies.
Dues amount to less than a nickel a day.
Dues are a condition of active membership.
Dues are a condition of membership.
Dues are a flat rate based on single or multiple locations of the company.
Dues are a little below expectation.
Dues are a means to an end.
Dues are a miscellaneous tax deduction for most members.
Dues are a part of maintaning unions.
Dues are a single, one time payment.
Dues are a tax deductible expense for royalty owners.
Dues are affordable - and new teachers receive a special incentive for joining.
Dues are all-inclusive and level except for school fees.
Dues are among the highest of any specialty.
Dues are an investment.
Dues are annual and payable in advance.
Dues are annual.
Dues are another way teams supplement the money needed to support their programs.
Dues are applicable to single individuals, as well as, man-wife couples.
Dues are complimentary.
Dues are currently due.
Dues are currently eighteen dollars per year.
Dues are currently twelve dollars per year.
Dues are deductible as a charitable contribution.
Dues are deductible as a contribution.
Dues are deductible as a professional expense.
Dues are deductible as ordinary and necessary business expenses.
Dues are deductible for members as ordinary and necessary business expenses.
Dues are dependent upon annual production.
Dues are different for each facility and are based on the salary scale at each individual hospital.
DUES ARE DUE .
Dues are due at the third meeting of every semester for all active members.
Dues are due by the second regular meeting of the business year.
Dues are due in full at the beginning of each fall semester.
Dues are due next meeting.
Dues are due on the first day of each month.
Dues are due the first class of each month.
Dues are due the first quarter of each year.
Dues are due the first quarter of the program year.
Dues are due yearly from date of joining.
Dues are due.
DUES are due.
Dues are effective upon receipt and valid for one calendar year.
Dues are extremely moderate.
Dues are fifteen dollars for both semesters and ten dollars for one semester.
Dues are five dollars a quarter, and they help to finance our events.
Dues are five dollars a year.
Dues are five dollars per year.
Dues are five dollars yearly, and are required before membership is attained.
Dues are for a calendar year.
Dues are for a one year period starting with the first month paid.
Dues are for each calendar year.
Dues are for one year and are tax deductible.
Dues are for one year periods and are renewable in the anniversary month of the current membership.
Dues are for the calendar year.
Dues are for the current calendar year.
Dues are free.
Dues are fully deductible from federal income tax as a necessary business expense.
Dues are good for one academic year.
Dues are good for one year.
Dues are just enough to cover newsletter printing and mailings.
Dues are low, and all equipment is provided.
Dues are low, the boxing is clean, and the air is good.
Dues are minimal and afford a wealth of opportunities.
Dues are minimal and affordable to all members.
Dues are minimal and they include a monthly newsletter.
Dues are minimal.
Dues are modest and assessed quarterly.
Dues are necessary to help cover club expenses such as printing and mailing.
Dues are neither transferable nor refundable to a person cancelling.
Dues are ninety five dollars per year, payable to the national office.
Dues are nominal and the benefits for teachers are strong.
Dues are nominal, and they are a super helpful group.
Dues are nominal.
Dues are non-refundable and cover operating expenses.
Dues are non-refundable and payable upon application.
Dues are non-refundable if a member resigns.
Dues are non-refundable upon resignation.
Dues are nonrefundable.
Dues are non-refundable.
Dues are now due.
Dues are now half-price for the remainder of the fiscal year.
Dues are now late, therefore they are now seven dollars.
Dues are now payable and notices have been sent out.
Dues are now payable for our next club year.
Dues are on a calendar year basis.
Dues are on a calendar year only.
Dues are one airmail stamp a month.
Dues are one half that of regular membership.
Dues are one half the regular dues for new members who join in the last half of the fiscal year.
Dues are only cost of the trip.
Dues are only five dollars per semester for full fledge membership.
Dues are only five dollars per year and non-majors are encouraged to join.
Dues are only payable by check or money order.
Dues are only ten dollars a year.
Dues are optional.
Dues are past due after that time.
Dues are payable annually at the beginning of the fiscal year.
Dues are payable annually unless cancelled in writing.
Dues are payable annually.
Dues are payable at each monthly meeting.
Dues are payable at the Annual Membership Meeting.
Dues are payable at the beginning of each calendar year.
Dues are payable at the beginning of the fiscal year.
Dues are payable at the beginning of the school year.
Dues are payable at the first meeting of the chapter year.
Dues are payable at the spring or fall meeting.
Dues are payable at the time of enrollment.
Dues are payable at the time of the symposium each year.
Dues are payable at the time the application is submitted.
Dues are payable at time of application for membership.
Dues are payable by the beginning of the calendar year as specified in Article X of the Bylaws.
Dues are payable by the department for one or more approved programs.
Dues are payable during the anniversary month of joining.
Dues are payable each year in the month a member originally joined.
Dues are payable in a single contribution.
Dues are payable in advance and are continuous unless cancelled in writing in advance of due date.
Dues are payable in advance and are continuous until written resignation is submitted.
Dues are payable in advance, either annually, semi-annually, or quarterly.
Dues are payable in advance.
Dues are payable in full at the time of application.
Dues are payable in U.S. currency only.
Dues are payable in U.S. dollars by cgreenit card, bank transfer or by checks drawn on U.S. banks.
Dues are payable in U.S. dollars by credit card, bank transfer or by checks drawn on U.S. banks.
Dues are payable in U.S. dollars.
Dues are Payable in U.S. dollars.
Dues are payable in U.S. funds drawn on a U.S. bank.
Dues are payable in U.S. funds.
Dues are payable now .
Dues are payable now.
Dues are payable on a calendar year basis.
Dues are payable on an annual basis.
Dues are payable on the anniversary of joining.
Dues are payable on the anniversary of the month joined.
Dues are payable on the calendar year.
Dues are payable on the date on which the member joins and on each anniversary thereafter.
Dues are payable on the first day of each year.
Dues are payable on the first day of the fiscal year.
Dues are payable on the month of the anniversary of joining.
Dues are payable prior to election.
Dues are payable quarterly in advance.
Dues are payable quarterly, in advance, in four equal installments.
Dues are payable quarterly, on or before the first day of each calendar quarter.
Dues are payable regardless of student attendance.
Dues are payable to the respective organization on a separate check or money order.
Dues are payable to the treasurer.
Dues are payable upon acceptance of member's application.
Dues are payable upon application and annual thereafter.
Dues are payable upon application for initial membership or renewal.
Dues are payable upon applying for a new initiation, or after one year, whichever comes first.
Dues are payable upon notice.
Dues are payable upon receipt of invoice.
Dues are payable upon receipt of notice.
Dues are payable upon receipt of the Dues Statement.
Dues are payable upon submission of application for membership.
Dues are payable when the applicant is accepted for membership.
Dues are payable within ninety days of billing.
Dues are payable yearly.
Dues are payment for a single year only.
Dues are per calendar year.
Dues are presently a little higher than they have been in the past.
Dues are pro-rated throughout the year, please see membership form for breakdown.
Dues are reasonable, and are structured to make membership accessible to all.
Dues are reasonable.
Dues are renewable after one year.
Dues are renewable annually.
Dues are renewable on the anniversary date of membership.
Dues are rights.
Dues are same time frame.
Dues are sFr.
Dues are simply too high.
Dues are small.
Dues are subject to annual review.
Dues are subject to change at any time.
Dues are subject to change by the board of directors.
Dues are subject to change from term to term.
Dues are subject to change.
Dues are subject to periodic adjustment.
Dues are subject to review and adjustment.
Dues are tax deductable as a business expense.
Dues are tax deductable, and are often paid by employers.
Dues are tax deductible as a business expense.
Dues are tax deductible as provided by law .
Dues are tax deductible to the extent provided by law.
Dues are tax deductible.
Dues are tax-deductible to the extent the law allows.
Dues are tax-deductible.
Dues are ten dollars for an individual and fifteen dollars for a family membership.
Dues are ten dollars.
Dues are ten times the active member dues.
Dues are tha same as last year.
Dues are the main source of operating revenue for the club.
Dues are the most reliable source of revenue for any association.
Dues are the same amount that regular members pay for membership dues.
Dues are the same as for regular members, and membership status is also credited to an individual.
Dues are the same as for regular members.
Dues are the same for all classes, but there are no dues for Honorary Life Members.
Dues are the same for all members.
Dues are the same for both full and associate members.
Dues are the same throughout the world.
Dues are the single largest income source, providing over half of the total.
Dues are to be assessed and paid at the beginning of each fiscal year.
Dues are to be determined at the annual meeting and collected by the treasurer.
Dues are to be paid at registration.
Dues are to be paid at the beginning of each semester.
Dues are to be paid by cash, check or money order.
Dues are to be paid by the tenth working day of each quarter.
Dues are to be paid in advance and are due at the first regular meeting of the calendar year.
Dues are to be paid in advance, in quarterly increments, on or before the first day of each quarter.
Dues are to be paid on a yearly basis.
Dues are twenty five dollars per year.
Dues are twenty-five dollars a year.
Dues are twenty-five dollars per year and membership is open to anyone with an interest in aviation.
Dues are twice the straight time hourly rate of pay, the second pay period of every month.
Dues are two Dollars a month.
Dues are two dollars.
Dues are typically very low and include a subscription to a monthly newsletter if one is produced.
Dues are uh, still due.
Dues are very low and rules are minimal.
Dues are very modest.
Dues are very reasonable and vary from local to local.
Dues are very reasonable, and no one is ever turned away for financial reasons.
Dues are zero.
Dues atuem velit esse mol estie consequat.
Dues billing is a difficult, yet essential function of any organization.
Dues billing is effective for three reasons.
Dues can be both advantageous or a hindrance.
Dues can be significant, depending on association needs.
Dues check off is a common provision.
Dues Close out.
Dues Close Out.
Dues come in two parts, annual and daily.
Dues cover a calendar year.
Dues cover a one-year term from the date of the application.
Dues cover all noon meals as well as international, district and local dues.
Dues cover everything except equipment.
Dues cover expenses for chapter activities like parties and weekend retreats.
Dues cover full patrol by a private security company which makes the area a very safe place to live.
Dues cover membership for one years, up to and including the biennial consultation.
Dues cover only one third of the actual cost.
Dues cover operating expenses, including mailings.
Dues cover the costs of balls and nets.
Dues cover the costs of the newsletter and dinner utensils and supplies.
Dues covers utilities.
Dues dates for reading assignments, projects, exams, and so forth.
Dues depend on the annual sales volume and type of company applying for membership.
Dues do it.
Dues enter to the budget of the Republic of Belarus.
Dues entitle members to vote and to serve on Southern Chapter committees.
Dues go to pay for newsletters, advertisements, and clan activities.
Dues go to pay for the operation of the chapter facilities and other expenses.
Dues go to support membership activities.
Dues go towards conferences, printing materials and refreshments for our workshops and lectures.
Dues guarantee all the privileges of the parent society.
Dues have to reflect what the true costs are.
Dues Heads Up packet.
Dues help cover printing and mailing of newsletter and other resource material.
Dues help defray printing and mailing costs.
Dues help finance a legislative liaison who speaks directly to our representatives.
Dues help pay for group-owned instruments and costumes, and for other expenses.
Dues help pay for purchase of club equipment and supplies, including awards.
Dues help pay the printing and postage costs of the newsletter.
Dues help support our ten newsletters per year, exhibit preparation costs and other expenses.
Dues increase a dollar a day if they are late.
Dues is paid only once in the student's career and is priced incrementally for new students.
Dues is paid only once upon induction.
Dues make up the major portion of the operating budget.
Dues pay for educational and social expenses, chapter insurance and necessities.
Dues pay for expenses, including the salary of a part-time secretary.
Dues pay for our mailings, the costs of our functions and operations and our legal representation.
Dues pay for ramp fees, permits, and trophies.
Dues pay for referees and league fees.
Dues pay for snow plowing, shoveling, and landscaping.
Dues pay for the club newsletter which is mailed several times a year.
Dues pay for the packing materials, the shipping, and the expenses related to customs and delivery.
Dues paying and ladder climbing is out.
Dues paying members get unlimited advertising posting within reason and rules.
Dues payments for next year are due.
Dues processing and membership updates are now a more streamlined process.
Dues provide the financial support needed to sustain the organization.
Dues provide the students with all the privileges of the parent society.
Dues remain as low or lower than any other anesthesia society or organization.
Dues remain the same as last year.
Dues remain the same.
Dues renewable on birth date.
Dues represent one-third.
Dues represent the bulk of the income for funding membership operations and services.
Dues represent the largest and most stable category of revenue.
Dues schedule for single and family memberships.
Dues secure membership for the membership year which coincides with the fiscal year.
Dues shown are for one year except for Life Members, who make a one time payment.
Dues structure, however, is only one component of recruitment and retention.
Dues underwrite all of our programs.
Dues vary according to annual salary and are payable with application for membership.
Dues vary according to the number of locations.
Dues vary by chapter.
Dues vary by county.
Dues vary by level of membership.
Dues vary by size of vessel.
Dues vary from state to state.
Dues vary markedly.
Dues vary slightly by region.
All dues are due before the end of the calendar year.
All dues are fully deductible to the extent allowable by law and are payable in U.S. currency.
All dues are in U.S. dollars.
All dues are in, except for the prison clubs.
All dues are non-refundable and cover from opening day to closing.
All dues are non-refundable.
All dues are payable annually on a member's anniversary date.
All dues are payable at the start of the academic year.
All dues are payable in advance, for the remainder of the current calendar year.
All dues are payable in advance.
All dues are payable in U.S. dollars.
All dues are payable in United States or Canadian currency.
All dues are payable on a calendar year basis.
All dues are payable on an anniversary basis.
All dues are payable upon receipt of notice.
All dues are subject to change by approval of the membership.
All dues are tax deductible.
All dues are tax-deductible.
All dues are to be paid at the second meeting of each semester.
All dues are to be paid by the second meeting after which the bills are handed out.
All dues cover administrative and operational costs only.
All dues go to putting out a regional newsletter.
All dues go toward refreshments and activities.
All dues paid are non-refundable.
Any dues paying member is free to run for office and vote.
All duel stones lie face up on the table.
A duel is a fighting
Duel continues from the previous episode .
Duel is shown from an unspecified turn .
Duel takes place in an almost deserted landscape of low hills and scrub.
Duels are held only between pairs of species.
Duels begin when two males approach each other and engage in rubbing and intertwining their necks.
Duels take place the morning following the challenge, at dawn.
Duet is a dancing
Duet is musical compositions.
Duet is musical groups.
Duets allow characters to communicate their feelings for one another.
Duets also give a chance to improve communication skills.
Duets are common, and right and left hand fingered versions are plentiful.
Duets are common, but solos and small groups often mix in.
Duets are sadly rare in Handelian opera, a machine driven by the ego of the solo singer.
Duets are usually more musical and therefore more interesting.
Duets can be intimate affairs for listeners, or they can be boring for the ears.
Duets connote songs being sung together.
Duets dominate again in sequences built on social dances to reflect the music.
Duets focuses on a number of unlikely pairings.
Duets have bass notes one side and treble on the other, but English have approx.
Duets is a bad movie, and all the worse for raising the audience's expectations.
Duets is a case in point.
Duets is a cross-country road film.
Duets is a disaster that just keeps on running till the music finally ends.
Duets is a film about karaoke and music was an important part of the movie.
Duets is actually three different stories.
Duets is disjointed.
Duets provide unlimited combining, and varied placement.
Every duet can in the competition program include pieces both for one and two pianos.
A duff is pudding
Duff concludes by distinguishing between de facto and de jure information society theses.
DUFF exists solely on the donations and contributions of fans and fan organizations.
Duff leaves few stones unturned in dissing Bluff City society.
Duffs are pudding.
A duffel bag is a bag
Duffel bag comes in assorted colors, styles, and designs.
Duffel bag is defined as a canvas cylindrically shaped bag, folded and fastened at one end.
Duffel bags are baggage.
Duffel bags are best.
Duffel bags are located in armies.
Duffel bags are located in barracks.
Duffel bags are located in bus stations.
Duffel bags are located in locker rooms.
Duffel bags are located in transits.
Duffel bags can be great, but they can get very heavy.
A duffel is a bag
Most duffels are too skinny for that kind of packing.
Some duffels have a waterproofed outer layer, zipper, and bottom.
A duffer is a person
Duffers are everywhere.
Duffers are on their own thereafter.
Duffers are particularly desirable - they make the others feel better about their golf.
Duffers do it all the time.
Duffers unite on the bulletin boards.
A duffle is a bag
Duffles have u-shaped openings for easy access.
Most dug items come from the Savannah Georgia area.
Dugs are mammary glands.
Dugs are part of female mammals.
Dugs move about using any or all of their appendages.
A dugong is a sirenian
Dugong isa mammal.
Dugongs adapt very well and have some fascinating facts about themselves as well.
Dugongs also drown when trapped in fishing nets and are injured by boat propellers.
Dugongs also have tusks, which are absent in all the manatee species.
Dugongs also inhabit the reef, feeding on the sea grasses that grow in the shallow inshore waters.
Dugongs also utilize their sense of smell.
Dugongs are a semi-nomadic species.
Dugongs are an ancient cousin of the modern manatee.
Dugongs are dependent on seagrasses as food source.
Dugongs are distinguished by tusks.
Dugongs are economically valuable while alive as a form of ecotourism.
Dugongs are endangered marine mammals believed to be the origin of the mermaid myth.
Dugongs are found in the shallow protected areas.
Dugongs are grass-eaters.
Dugongs are gray or brown in coloration and have a whale-like tail with two flukes.
Dugongs are huge marine mammals that are found in warm coastal waters.
Dugongs are huge vegetarians that survive mainly on seagrasses.
Dugongs are huge, curious-looking marine mammals.
Dugongs are hunted throughout their range for meat.
Dugongs are important in maintaining the health of seagrass meadows.
Dugongs are known to be social species.
Dugongs are large grey mammals which spend their entire lives in the sea.
Dugongs are large marine mammals.
Dugongs are large underwater herbivore mammals.
Dugongs are mammals.
Dugongs are more closely related to elephants than to marine mammals such as whales and dolphins.
Dugongs are more closely related to elephants than to other sea creatures .
Dugongs are more closely related to elephants than to other sea creatures.
Dugongs are of great cultural significance.
Dugongs are particular about their diets, with certain 'fields' of sea-grass cropped.
Dugongs are prey for many animals.
Dugongs are primarily herbivores , eating seagrasses and algae.
Dugongs are primary consumers and the only completely herbivorous marine mammals.
Dugongs are referred to as 'sea cows' because their diet consists mainly of sea-grass.
Dugongs are sea cows.
Dugongs are semi-nomadic species, and migrate over long distances to find suitable seagrass beds.
Dugongs are slow-moving animals, so they are vulnerable to predators.
Dugongs are strictly marine mammals, unlike manatees that can be found in fresh waters.
Dugongs are strictly marine mammals.
Dugongs are suspected to have high auditory accuity to compensate for poor eye sight.
Dugongs are the only fully plant eating marine mammal, and the only sea cow to occur in Australia.
Dugongs are thus polyandrous.
Dugongs are very graceful swimmers, and have excellent hearing but very poor eyesight.
Dugongs are very vulnerable to predators because they are very slow-moving.
Dugongs are vital to the health of marine ecosystems.
Dugongs are widespread hunted for their meat and oil.
Dugongs can live for over seventy years.
Dugongs can travel several hundred kilometers in a few days as they feed from place to place.
Dugongs chew vegetation mainly with rough horny pads which cover the upper and lower palates.
Dugongs defend territory.
Dugongs display behavior.
Dugongs display mate behavior.
Dugongs display similar behavior.
Dugongs eat a wide range of sea grasses.
Dugongs eat plants.
Dugongs eat vascular sea grasses that are comparable to terrestrial grasses.
Dugongs enjoy snacks.
Dugongs feed almost exclusively on seagrass, a flowering plant found in shallow water areas.
Dugongs feed mainly at night.
Dugongs feed on a wide range of seagrasses and consume large amounts of seagrass.
Dugongs feed on seaweed.
Dugongs graze on grass.
Dugongs graze on sea grasses and aquatic plants that grow in abundance in the tropical shallows.
Dugongs graze on underwater grass.
Dugongs grow up to ten feet long.
Dugongs have (part) brains.
Dugongs have (part) breasts.
Dugongs have (part) cell membranes.
Dugongs have (part) cells.
Dugongs have (part) chest cavities.
Dugongs have (part) chests.
Dugongs have (part) corpi.
Dugongs have (part) cytoplasm.
Dugongs have (part) ears.
Dugongs have (part) faces.
Dugongs have (part) flippers.
Dugongs have (part) heads.
Dugongs have (part) nuclei.
Dugongs have (part) pedal extremities.
Dugongs have (part) piluses.
Dugongs have (part) plasma membranes.
Dugongs have (part) rib cages.
Dugongs have (part) sections.
Dugongs have (part) skulls.
Dugongs have (part) sterna.
Dugongs have (part) vacuoles.
Dugongs have (part) vertebrate feet.
Dugongs have a down-tipped jaw which accommodates the enlarged incisors.
Dugongs have a forked tail, similar in shape to a whale's, while manatees' tails are paddle-shaped.
Dugongs have a large range of living locations from Eastern Africa to Northern Australia.
Dugongs have a more pronounced mouth and a trunk-like snout, whereas manatees have a shorter snout.
Dugongs have a round head with a large snout and small eyes.
Dugongs have a slow reproductive rate.
Dugongs have cute, stubby bodies.
Dugongs have dolphin-like tail flukes that have sharp projections.
Dugongs have eyesights.
Dugongs have few natural predators.
Dugongs have flat tails.
Dugongs have glands.
Dugongs have good eyesights.
Dugongs have large mouths.
Dugongs have mammary glands.
Dugongs have mouths.
Dugongs have natural predators.
Dugongs have one pair of tusk-like teeth.
Dugongs have poor eyesights.
Dugongs have predators.
Dugongs have short tusks.
Dugongs have snouts.
Dugongs have stomachs.
Dugongs have tails.
Dugongs have the ability to delay breeding if insufficient food sources are available.
Dugongs have trunk-like snouts, while manatees have shorter snouts.
Dugongs have very few natural predators.
Dugongs inhabit tropical water.
Dugongs inhabit water.
Dugongs live in caribbean coasts.
Dugongs live in coasts.
Dugongs live in cold water.
Dugongs live in warm, coastal waters from East Africa to Australia.
Dugongs live in water.
Dugongs look different from manatees.
Dugongs look similar to a rotund dolphin or seal, although they are less streamlined.
Dugongs mainly feed upon seagrasses.
Dugongs need protection.
Dugongs occur along coasts.
Dugongs prefer wide shallow bays and areas protected by large inshore islands.
Dugongs reach maturity.
Dugongs reach sexual maturity.
Dugongs rest in the deep water during the day and move towards the shoreline at night to feed.
Dugongs search for food during day and night.
Dugongs seasonally migrate to the warmer waters off Australia's coast.
Dugongs surface for air for a few seconds, every few minutes.
Dugongs tend to live and migrate in groups.
Dugongs use different habitats for different activities.
Dugongs use sound.
Dugongs use their flexible upper lip to rip up entire seagrass plants.
Dugongs use their sense of smell and bristles to find food.
Dugongs use whistles, chirps, barks, and squeak sounds to communicate.
Dugongs want water.
All dugongs have tusks that break the skin.
Many dugong die in turtle and shark nets annually and others are harpooned for their meat.
Many dugongs die from overhunting by man for their meat, oil, skin, teeth and bones.
Most dugongs are distinguished by tusks.
Most dugongs defend territory.
Most dugongs display similar behavior.
Most dugongs eat plants.
Most dugongs enjoy snacks.
Most dugongs feed on seaweed.
Most dugongs graze on grass.
Most dugongs have eyesights.
Most dugongs have few natural predators.
Most dugongs have flat tails.
Most dugongs have glands.
Most dugongs have good eyesights.
Most dugongs have large mouths.
Most dugongs have mammary glands.
Most dugongs have mouths.
Most dugongs have natural predators.
Most dugongs have poor eyesights.
Most dugongs have predators.
Most dugongs have short tusks.
Most dugongs have snouts.
Most dugongs have tails.
Most dugongs inhabit tropical water.
Most dugongs live in caribbean coasts.
Most dugongs live in coasts.
Most dugongs live in cold water.
Most dugongs live in water.
Most dugongs occur along coasts.
Most dugongs reach maturity.
Most dugongs reach sexual maturity.
Most dugongs use sound.
Some dugongs attain maturity.
Some dugongs attain sexual maturity.
Some dugongs belong to families.
Some dugongs die of starvation.
Some dugongs eat algas.
Some dugongs eat grass.
Some dugongs eat marine algas.
Some dugongs eat sea grass.
Some dugongs have bones.
Some dugongs have capacity.
Some dugongs have faces.
Some dugongs have heavy bones.
Some dugongs have incisors.
Some dugongs have intestines.
Some dugongs have ivory tusks.
Some dugongs have large intestines.
Some dugongs have lung capacity.
Some dugongs have ranges.
Some dugongs have tusks.
Some dugongs have wide ranges.
Some dugongs have wrinkly faces.
Some dugongs hold breaths.
Some dugongs live alone, others live in small herds.
Some dugongs migrate to water.
Some dugongs shake heads.
Some dugongs starve to death.
A dugout is shelter
Dugouts are also a common means of storing local runoff.
Dugouts are generally full throughout the region.
Dugouts are often the only water source in pastures.
Dugouts are part of ballparks.
Dugouts are shelter.
Dugouts continue to be important sources of water for many farms across the prairies.
Dugouts feel very tippy, but are remarkably stable.
DUI enforcement is active all the time, particularly in the evening, seven days per week.
DUI evaluation is available.
DUI law is the most complicated area of criminal law in the Georgia Code.
DUI offense reports closely reflect law enforcement activity.
Dukane projectors can accommodate most room sizes and ambient lighting situations.
Duke crash lands back on Earth and finds most humans are gone .
Duke crash lands back on Earth and finds most humans are gone.
Duke food sucks.
A duke is a peer
Duke isa leader.
Dukes are aristocrats.
Dukes are customarily eligible bachelors who serve as escorts to the maids.
Dukes are nobility.
Dukes are peers.
Dukes are technically princes since they descended directly from a King.
Dukes are very particular about that.
Dukes capture the flag.
Dukes considers such advocacy vital.
Dukes contrasts the management approach to public conflicts to a transformative approach.
Dukes enter towns.
Dukes have (part) arms.
Dukes have (part) body substances.
Dukes have (part) cell membranes.
Dukes have (part) cells.
Dukes have (part) corpi.
Dukes have (part) cytoplasm.
Dukes have (part) heads.
Dukes have (part) human bodies.
Dukes have (part) legs.
Dukes have (part) material bodies.
Dukes have (part) necks.
Dukes have (part) nuclei.
Dukes have (part) personality.
Dukes have (part) plasma membranes.
Dukes have (part) sections.
Dukes have (part) vacuoles.
Dukes is clearly pleased to once again be a part of a growing campus.
Dukes move one or two squares in any direction.
Dukes owns the business.
Dukes suggests several areas which merit further development.
Dukes watch events.
Dukes works as an adviser to international families.
All dukes come before all marquesses , then earls , then viscounts and finally barons .
All dukes come before all marquesses, then earls, then viscounts and finally barons.
Most dukes enter towns.
Most dukes watch events.
Some dukes become godparents.
Some dukes fall to death.
Some dukes have dogs.
Some dukes have farm dogs.
Some dukes marry husbands.
Some dukes see wives.
Some dukes undergo procedures.
A dukedom is a land
Dukedom is one of the oldest communities in West Tennessee.
Dukedom is the highest ranking of royalty before monarch .
Dukedom is the highest ranking of royalty before monarch.
Dukuduku dissidents drive officials out of forest.
A dulcimer is a stringed instrument
Dulcimers are available on the premises for use during the class.
Dulcimers are handmade and very beautiful.
Dulcimers are one of the easiest string instruments to learn.
Dulcimers are stringed instruments.
Dulcimers are zithers.
Dulcimers have many names in many lands.
Dulcimers vary in size by the number of courses.
Every dulcimer is signed, dated, numbered and registered.
Many dulcimers have another bridge added near the right side to carry bass courses.
A dulcinea is a sweetheart
Dulcinea has court up and off our port quarter.
Dulcolax suppositories are too strong for younger children.
Dull ache increasing with motion is reported.
Dull areas are where stone is being shaped.
Dull balls remain dull, and polished balls remain shiny.
Dull blades can be dangerous.
Dull blades cause binding, stalling and possible kickback.
Dull blades cause hooking.
Dull blades fray the edges of the grass and allow the fungus hyphae to enter.
Dull blades fray the grass tips, which leaves a lawn looking ragged and yellow.
Dull blades lead to poor results and unhappy customers.
Dull blades leave a jagged edge to the wound, they almost rip the flesh.
Dull blades leave ragged grass blades, making the lawn ugly.
Dull blades rip the grass, stressing the plant and creating wounds that attract insects and disease.
Dull blades tear the grass instead of cutting it cleanly.
Dull blades tear the grass instead of slicing it cleanly.
Dull blades tear the grass, leaving it susceptible to disease.
Dull blades tear the grass.
Dull blades wound the grass and make it more vulnerable to pests and diseases.
Dull chisels can be difficult to control and require more effort to do the job.
Dull colors recede.
Dull colors tend to recede.
Dull cutters are a safety risk.
Dull days are often better than bright and drizzly days are often dynamite.
Dull edges make for more work.
Dull eyes radiate.
Dull fences are definitely out.
Dull finishes are appropriate.
Dull gray can become bright red.
Dull grey is the 'in' color.
Dull hair is due to cuticle damage.
Dull hearts make dull preachers.
Dull hooks are perhaps the single leading cause of lost fish when crankbait trolling.
Dull hues are low-intensity colors.
Dull jobs stimulate imagination, if only as an escape, and Ecstasy sends parcel bombs to the brain.
Dull knives are a big factor causing home cooks to become discouraged about their culinary skills.
Dull knives are more dangerous because they're more likely to slip.
Dull knives cause more accidents because they are harder to use.
Dull knives make chopping vegetables time-consuming and dangerous.
Dull men accept their dullness.
Dull men are the underpinnings of all activities.
Dull men tend to be introverts.
Dull minds become sharp, blurred vision becomes clear.
Dull moments are few while opportunities for service are abundant.
Dull mowers leave wounds on the grass blade that serve as a point of entry for diseases.
Dull mowers tear the grass blade, injure the plant and cause a brownish cast to the turf.
Dull mowers use more gasoline and can give the lawn a frayed appearance.
Dull news is right, though.
Dull orange is chestnut oak.
Dull pain is associated with stress while sharp intense pain is associated with migraines.
Dull people are the unsung heroes of the world.
Dull people talk to themselves and they're very good listeners.
Dull pieces are inevitable in any wide-ranging survey.
Dull predictability is a desirable commodity on slippery greens.
Dull probes cause material to be pushed out of the core, altering the composition of the sample.
Dull quotes stop readers in their tracks.
Dull skin is a sign that the plants are overripe.
Dull spikes work the best, giving some grip without splitting the wood.
Dull strings are hard on fingers and are hard to keep in tune.
Dull surfaces reflect very little light.
Dull teachers make learning boring.
Dull teaching can render boring the most exciting topics.
Dull titles are a complete loss.
Dull tools are more dangerous than sharp tools.
Dull tools are unsafe and can damage work.
Dull tools are unsafe and can harm the work.
Dull tools can be more hazardous than sharp ones.
Dull tools can cause an accident.
Dull tools cause fatigue.
Dull tools crush and tear tissue around the cuts, complicating healing and encouraging disease.
Dull tools make for poor productivity.
Dull tools tend to crush or bruise the canes.
Dull tools tend to crush the canes.
Dull vibration comes through the stone flooring and travels up the bones of the living.
Dull wine has floating particles and is slightly cloudy.
Dull women have immaculate houses.
Dull writing is probably better than aimless rambling, although neither is terribly effective.
Dull writing is the key to appropriate minutes.
Dulles demonstrates the central importance of solidarity in the pope's social vision.
Dulles indeed has a background in international affairs, descending from a long line of statesmen.
Dulles knows the questions that bother people most.
Dulles offers extensive international air cargo capabilities from an air service perspective.
Dulles offers flights on most airlines.
Dulles still deals with most of the region's international flights.
Dullness increases torque and thrust requirements.
Dullness is a religious and cultural issue.
Dullness is but another name for tameness.
Dullness is impotency
Dullness is shapes.
Dullness is stupidity.
Dullness is the absence of light in our souls.
Dullness is the coming of age of seriousness.
Dullness Is what's going on.
Dullness isa inability.
Dullness looks for walls in vain attempts to keep surrender at bay.
Dulse powder is worth trying for the nutrients alone.
Dumb acts are everywhere.
Dumb actresses used to be in demand, now numb actresses are in demand.
Dumb animals are the hardest ones to be domesticated.
Dumb animals care for their young till they are old enough to shift for themselves.
Dumb animals live in and for their masters.
Dumb asses speak when devoted people are silent.
A dumb bomb is a bomb
Dumb bombs are cheap, and when used by sophisticated strike aircraft, highly effective.
A dumb cane is an aroid
Dumb cane can be potentially fatal if a dog has even a little nibble.
Dumb cards are out of use now.
Dumb children are an affliction to their parents.
Dumb comedies can be funny, but only if there's an underlying intelligence behind all the stupidity.
Dumb comedy take on dating, sex and dog-owners.
Dumb divers try to do their own thing to excess.
Dumb dog is right.
Dumb dude has hemorrhoids.
Dumb executives tend to become best friends with other dumb executives.
Dumb folks get no land. .
Dumb fun says it all.
Any dumb kid can understand that.
Dumb laws are in no short supply.
Dumb Laws Find the dumbest laws on the books.
Dumb laws offers free entertainment to thousands of visitors daily.
Dumb Laws See just how stupid some state and city laws are.
Dumb looks are always free.
Dumb luck can work many ways, however.
Dumb luck earns the catch.
Dumb luck is more important than hard work.
Dumb mines treat all units as hostile.
Dumb mistakes are words with universal currency.
Dumb mode is activated by a hardware switch on some modems.
Dumb Money makes no ethical argument against day trading.
Dumb nets are underspecified. . . .
Dumb nodes allow for easy scaling with respect to management.
Dumb people are better.
Dumb people deserve to die.
Dumb people get a lot of things wrong.
Dumb people help by slowing down progress.
Dumb people use guns because they do so much so easily- just pull the trigger.
Most dumb people walk around with a smile on their face feeling good about themselves.
Dumb Pipes Are Golden.
Dumb questions are a different story.
Dumb shits get drunk, bring all their friends in and then leave the place screwed up.
Dumb silence can speak with more eloquence than artificial verse.
Dumb Sites Click Here to find the dumbest sites on the net.
Dumb stunts make the tax cut seem affordable, then make it disappear altogether.
Dumb terminals can even work for packet radio.
Some dumb waiters save time.
Dumbbell side raises.
A dumbbell is weight
Dumbbells are also a good choice.
Dumbbells are better aids to morality sometimes than sermons.
Dumbbells are items.
Dumbbells are shorter and generally of a lighter weight than barbells.
Dumbbells are simpletons.
Dumbbells are to be used in designated area only.
Dumbbells are to be used on platforms only.
Dumbbells are weight.
Dumbbells can be as light as two pounds each.
A dumbness is stupidity
Dumbness is dangerous.
Dumbness is the necessary consequence, the inseparable adjunct of deafness from birth.
Dumbness is, in many ways, a far more difficult quality to synthesize than intelligence.
Dumbness seems to be contagious.
Dumbo octopus swallows the prey whole.
Dumbo rats have broad heads and large, round, lowset ears.
Dumbo rats have large ears set on the sides of their heads and are highly sought after by fanciers.
A dumbwaiter is an elevator
Dumbwaiters are a perfect solution.
Dumbwaiters are generally eligible.
Dumbwaiters travel within a hoist-way carrying various objects.
Dummy accounts are easy to setup up.
Dummy argument is a quantity in the specification of a procedure, function or subroutine.
Dummy arguments can appear in a namelist.
Dummy cauldrons have three dummy oil counters under it.
Most dummy characters seen on television or film are either very horny or come to life as killers.
Dummy file is used that refreshes to random html file.
Dummy files are files that contain no especially useful information.
Dummy loads dissipate energy by generating heat.
Dummy mass is then to added to fine-tune the required orbit injection point .
Dummy plug is still dangerous.
Dummy procedures can appear in function or subroutine subprograms.
Dummy text ends here.
Dummy variables are a simple idea that enable some pretty complicated things to happen.
A dummy is a figure
Dummies also has pictures of the different kinds of cards for different bus types.
Dummies are figures.
Dummies are for smart people.
Dummies are mutes.
Dummies are tough, but if they ever break, damaged parts can be repaired or replaced.
Dummies Click on the various components on the image below to get an in depth view.
Dummies even tells about scary possibilities like bankruptcy, depression, and parental kidnapping.
Dummies get the hook.
Dummies is organized as a reference book.
DUMMy Generates an empty non-bonded interaction list.
Any dummy can draft a health care plan.
Any dummy can run a business.
Any dummy knows that the earth is flat like a pancake.
Dump box has removable sides.
Dump fires are extremely polluting.
Dump sites serve as magnets for additional dumping and other criminal activities.
Dump station is available on-site.
Dump station is available.
Dump station is for the use of registered campers only.
Dump station is included in the camping fee.
Dump station is provided.
Dump stations are also available.
Dump stations are available on-site.
Dump trailers make deliveries.
A dump truck is a truck
Dump trucks are toys.
Dump trucks are trucks.
Dump trucks bring stockpiled overburden to the 'last cut' of the mining operation.
Dump trucks haul it, then spread it through the chained-up tailgate.
Dump trucks have heavy bodies to carry heavy loads.
Some dump trucks arrive at homes.
A dump is shitting
Dump is location independent at the user level.
Dump is only portable between some systems.
Dump remains iodine crystals from spoon into the cylinder.
Dumps are areas of smoothed or uneven accumulations or piles of waste rock and general refuse.
Dumps are copies.
Dumps are sites.
Dumps can be a breeding ground for rats and mosquitoes.
Dumps code only.
Dumps procedure procName into a string.
Dumps recursively arguments to stdout.
Dumps register values.
Dumps take place in the region behind the thrower as diagrammed earlier.
Dump always restores relative to the current directory without the option to change anything.
All dumps made at a dump level inherit the level's expiration date.
Some dumps say gateway.
Dumped tires are more than an eyesore.
Dumper isa truck.
Dumpers have (part) automobile batteries.
Dumpers have (part) bases.
Dumpers have (part) brake bands.
Dumpers have (part) brake light.
Dumpers have (part) brake systems.
Dumpers have (part) bumper guards.
Dumpers have (part) bumpers.
Dumpers have (part) cabs.
Dumpers have (part) car batteries.
Dumpers have (part) car wheels.
Dumpers have (part) ceilings.
Dumpers have (part) cylinder blocks.
Dumpers have (part) emergency brakes.
Dumpers have (part) engine blocks.
Dumpers have (part) fan belts.
Dumpers have (part) fans.
Dumpers have (part) floors.
Dumpers have (part) fuel gauges.
Dumpers have (part) fuel indicators.
Dumpers have (part) fuel lines.
Dumpers have (part) fuel systems.
Dumpers have (part) fulcrums.
Dumpers have (part) gas gages.
Dumpers have (part) gas gauges.
Dumpers have (part) gas lines.
Dumpers have (part) gas tanks.
Dumpers have (part) gasoline gages.
Dumpers have (part) gasoline gauges.
Dumpers have (part) gasoline tanks.
Dumpers have (part) gear levers.
Dumpers have (part) hand brakes.
Dumpers have (part) headlamps.
Dumpers have (part) hinges.
Dumpers have (part) hubs.
Dumpers have (part) infrastructures.
Dumpers have (part) odometers.
Dumpers have (part) pedals.
Dumpers have (part) petrol gages.
Dumpers have (part) petrol gauges.
Dumpers have (part) petrol lines.
Dumpers have (part) petrol tanks.
Dumpers have (part) poppets.
Dumpers have (part) power trains.
Dumpers have (part) rear lamps.
Dumpers have (part) rear light.
Dumpers have (part) room light.
Dumpers have (part) second gear.
Dumpers have (part) sections.
Dumpers have (part) speedometers.
Dumpers have (part) suspension systems.
Dumpers have (part) tail lamps.
Dumpers have (part) tailgates.
Dumpers have (part) thermostats.
Dumpers have (part) transmission systems.
Dumpers have (part) voltage regulators.
Dumpers have (part) walls.
Dumpers have (part) windshields.
Dumpers have (part) wipers.
Dumper sometimes denotes the buttocks, especially when they are large.
Dumpings are buying.
Dumpings are dumpings.
Dumpings are selling.
A dumpling is solid food
Dumpling isa pasta.
Dumplings are also on the list.
Dumplings are dessert.
Dumplings are fine here.
Dumplings are mediocre, and fried rice is bland.
Dumplings are pasta.
Dumplings eaten with molasses is very sweet.
Dumplings have a long history and many different names.
Dumplings make the soup extra filling.
Dumplings vary widely in composition, check the recipe to evaluate ingredients used.
All dumplings are handmade to order, so it takes a little time.
Some dumplings fill with potato.
A dun is a mount
Dun have any time for oekaki tonight.
Dun saddle hackle.
Duns are capable of moves.
Duns have opaque wings.
Duns lies just on the Scottish side of the border between Scotland and England.
A dunce is a person
Dunce caps all around, please.
Dunce does have some limitations though.
Dunce is freeware, and can be configured to dial automatically at any time of day.
Dunce is freeware.
Dunce makes connecting to the Internet completely automatic.
Dunces are located in corners.
A dunderhead is a person
Any dunderhead knows that.
Dune building is helped along by the characteristic onshore coastal winds.
Dune construction begins.
Dune crests are well vegetated with older trees and shrubs.
Dune crossovers allow pedestrian and vehicle access to the designated fishing areas.
Dune deposits are limited on Venus.
Dune erosion occurs when wind blows sand off of the dunes.
Dune fields support perennial vegetation.
Dune fields support vegetation.
Most dune fields support perennial vegetation.
Dune forests reach all the way to the beach in many parts and provide shady trails for beach walks.
Dune formation secures a reliable natural defence against the influence of the sea.
Dune grass is essential to dune development.
Dune grass is very important to the preservation of sand dunes.
Dune grasses keep the beach from eroding and are extremely delicate.
Dune land consists of sand in ridges and intervening troughs that shift with the wind.
Dune land is associated with beaches, but is mostly fine sand piled into mounds by wind action.
Dune land is made up mainly of nearly even-sized sand grains that have been piled up by winds.
Dune restoration is currently underway at the northern end of the beach.
Dune restoration prohibits people from walking or climbing over the sand mounds.
Dune ridges are perpendicular to wind flow, with sharp edge of ridge downwind.
Dune sand has a number of uses.
Dune stabilization is the key factor to the island's ability to protect the mainland.
Dune vegetation is able to grow and become stronger with the presence of nutrients from turtle eggs.
Dune vegetation is fragile and is easily destroyed by vehicular traffic.
Dune vegetation provides nesting areas for several kinds of birds and animals.
A dune is a ridge
Dune isa ridge.
Dunes act a bit like solid waves rolling over their bases.
Dunes act as a natural barrier and prevent inland flooding.
Dunes affected by such climatically induced regional activity require many decade to restabilize.
Dunes affected by such climatically induced regional activity require many decades to restabilize.
Dunes also can naturally replenish beaches.
Dunes also provide an important natural defence against coastal erosion.
Dunes are a vital part of the beach ecology, effectively holding the beach together.
Dunes are almost completely green.
Dunes are also the home for many endangered and threatened animals and plants.
Dunes are an important part of our coastline.
Dunes are another matter, demanding an incompatible blend of momentum and caution.
Dunes are asymmetrical in cross section.
Dunes are books.
Dunes are common on Mars and in the equatorial regions of Titan .
Dunes are essentially terrestrial systems in which wind-driven sand transport is of key importance.
Dunes are formed by sand being blown up onto the beach by onshore winds.
Dunes are hills of sand formed by wind blowing over the beach.
Dunes are hills.
Dunes are important for gathering and keeping sand together.
Dunes are landforms on the desert that are shaped by the winds.
Dunes are most likely to form where winds are strong and generally blow from the same direction.
Dunes are mounds or ridges of wind-deposited sand.
Dunes are much larger.
Dunes are never the same from one day to the next.
Dunes are of two types - linear and parabolic.
Dunes are offlimits.
Dunes are rare in North American deserts, and fluvial processes dominate much of the landscapes.
Dunes are ridges.
Dunes are subject to a high degree of erosion because they lie directly in the path of the tides.
Dunes are the front line of defense from wind, water, tropical storms and hurricanes.
Dunes are the natural barrier that dissipates all the wave strength.
Dunes are the obvious depositional forms and range enormously in form, size and composition.
Dunes are transport limited only during summer.
Dunes are unstable - subject to the ravages of wind and water.
Dunes are vulnerable to trampling, vehicles, dumping of refuse, grazing, and littering.
Dunes associated with beaches are hills or ridges of sand that have been shaped by the wind.
Dunes can and do recover from overuse, as long as the three above-mentioned conditions exist.
Dunes can migrate at a rate of several metres a year.
Dunes can roll over trees and buildings, or be washed away by storms.
Dunes constantly change if there is nothing to prevent the wind from moving the sand around.
Dunes contributes a unique sound, style and approach to the drum set.
Dunes depend on plant growth such as dune grass for their stability.
Dunes dominated by Asiatic sand sedge are also more vulnerable to wind blowouts and storm erosion.
Dunes drift like leaves.
Dunes enhance the beauty of the coast.
Dunes features water hazards on seven holes, but it offers outstanding views of the gulf and bay.
Dunes form typically on large flat beach profiles with a large sediment supply to the backshore.
Dunes formed in multi-directional wind regimes are rare and, when seen, generally small.
Dunes generally form parallel to the backbeach or a dune fields shoreward from ebb deltas at inlets.
Dunes have (part) inclines.
Dunes have (part) slopes.
Dunes have different forms and sizes based on their interaction with the wind .
Dunes have different forms and sizes based on their interaction with the wind.
Dunes have regular and irregular forms.
Dunes have very important natural values as well.
Dunes increase in size inland.
Dunes migrate constantly with the wind.
Dunes move grain by grain while the wind whistles around the tenacious flora surviving in the sands.
Dunes occur at the landward extreme of sandy beaches.
Dunes occur in different shapes and sizes, formed by interaction with the flow of air or water.
Dunes occur on grazed land, ungrazed land and on private agricultural land.
Dunes occur when dry sand begins to build at some obstacle, such as plant debris or a shell.
Dunes occur, for example, in some deserts and along some coasts.
Dunes offers a baseball teaser in which totals can be moved two runs.
Dunes produce cross-bedding in deposited sediment.
Dunes protect against storm tides.
Dunes protect inland areas from wind and wave action and help to preserve the shore.
Dunes protect our beaches.
Dunes protect shorelines from erosion and property damage caused by storm waves.
Dunes provide habitats.
Dunes provide privacy and shelter from the wind .
Dunes rim the southeast margin.
Dunes run parallel due to the wave properties of the air.
Dunes separate the beach from the interior, and provide protection against storm surges.
Dunes stabilize the mounds of sand that protect the coast against winds and pounding tides.
Dunes tend to form in topographic pockets where the sand is confined.
Dunes tend to form on flat surfaces.
Dunes there can reach hundreds of metres high.
Dunes typically contain granular fragments of rocks and minerals.
Most dunes has spadefoots, which is a type of toad.
Most dunes provide habitats.
Some dunes often reach several kilometres in length.
Some dunes appear to be inactive and covered with dust.
Some dunes migrate, pushed by the wind.
Some dunes provide shelter.
Dunedin doctors belong to a central after-hours surgery.
Dunedin people ponder the prospects.
A dung beetle is a beetle
Dung beetles are beetles that feed partly or exclusively on dung.
Dung beetles are certainly gross.
Dung beetles are coprophagous insects, meaning they eat excrement of other organisms.
Dung beetles are insects.
Dung beetles are naturally present on every continent except Antarctica.
Dung beetles are nature's unsung garbage disposers.
Dung beetles are often exceedingly abundant.
Dung beetles are one of the few groups of insects that exhibit parental care for their young.
Dung beetles are really good at finding poop.
Dung beetles are scarab beetles that are black, brown or purple in color and have a flattened body.
Dung beetles come in a variety of colors, from dull and glossy black to metallic green and red.
Dung beetles eat decompose vegetation.
Dung beetles eat dung of herbivores and omnivores , and prefer that produced by herbivores .
Dung beetles eat dung of herbivores and omnivores, and prefer that produced by herbivores.
Dung beetles eat poop.
Dung beetles eat vegetation.
Dung beetles find fresh dung by smell.
Dung beetles form spherical balls of animal excrement, which they roll with their bodies.
Dung beetles get dung from cows.
Dung beetles help the ecology in many ways by using the waste of other animals.
Dung beetles improve the soil as well.
Dung beetles live in many different habitats, including desert, farmland, forest, and grasslands.
Dung beetles live in many habitats , including desert, farmland , forest , and grasslands .
Dung beetles make creative use of animal feces.
Dung beetles navigate using the Milky Way.
Dung beetles play a remarkable role in agriculture .
Dung beetles provision their nests with poop for their offspring.
Dung beetles respond differently to changes in the environment.
Dung beetles roll balls of animal dung along the ground.
Dung beetles roll the dung into balls in which they lay their eggs in before burying.
Dung beetles serve as intermediate hosts.
Dung beetles use several strategies for finding their stinky food.
Dung beetles use their poop balls to cool off.
Many dung beetles are good parents.
Most dung beetles eat decompose vegetation.
Most dung beetles eat vegetation.
Most dung beetles make tunnels in the soil.
Some dung beetles are surprisingly strong.
Some dung beetles attract horseshoe bats.
Some dung beetles eat dungs.
Some dung beetles kill larvae.
Some dung beetles live in dungs.
Dung fuel is a prime example.
Dung fungi are easy to cultivate.
Dung quality is important too.
Dung isa waste.
Dungs provide nutrients.
Most dungs provide nutrients.
Some dungs consist of sand.
Some dungs contain cellulose.
Some dungs contain seeds.
A dungaree is cloth
Dungarees are a great choice.
Dungarees are fine if clean and pressed.
A dungeon is defence
Dungeon isa structure.
Dungeons also contain skulls and teleport doors.
Dungeons are a little too dark to see much detail, even with torches lit.
Dungeons are also open to people who are still leveling.
Dungeons are cells.
Dungeons are good.
Dungeons are located in basements.
Dungeons are magazines.
Dungeons become mazes and hidden entrances and false walls abound.
Dungeons have (part) bases.
Dungeons have (part) sections.
Many dungeons have repetitive and boring textures.
Most dungeons are underground, some are high up in towers.
Dunham faculty are prepared and willing to take the program to where the market demands.
Dunham names are essentially for rock families.
Dunham soils are in depressions or on nearly level parts of outwash plains and stream terraces.
Dunk also decries the lack of attention paid to quality in business, society and media today.
Dunk also wants clients to avoid allowing the urgent needs to swallow up the important.
Dunk has a variety of restaurants and eateries designed to change the pace and match the mood.
Dunk is a brand designed from the outset to be different.
Dunk is shot
Dunks are amazingly realistic.
Dunks are really cool, but coach just cares about the two points.
A dunker is a cager
Dunkers are down by three.
Dunkings is eating.
A dunlin is a sandpiper
Dunlin also tend to be plainer on the face as well.
Dunlin are abundant from fall through spring.
Dunlins are birds.
Dunlins are shore birds.
Dunlins are very tame and easy to approach for study.
Dunlins have a mean life span of eight years for males and four years for females.
Dunlins mostly nest on high ground, usually peat moorland, although some breed on estuarine marshes.
Duo collapses into a little heap on the floor.
Duo competes in weight lifting challenge.
Duo ever needs surgery.
Duo goes limp.
Duo is a pair
Duo is adorable and often goes into little superdeformed antics.
Duo is musical groups.
Duo is television shows.
Duo is too damn slick.
Duo leads way in platform, revenues, peripherals.
Duo looks incredibly puzzled.
Duo looks sweet.
Duo runs into the back of the couch.
Duo strolls from the door at stage right to a comfy looking chair center stage.
Duos are loose.
All duos are available with automatic changeover.
All Duos have a slot for an optional internal modem.
Many duos have girl vocalists.
Most duos just sit there and play music with no accompaniment.
Duodenal atresia is the most common, and is a blockage in the duodenum.
Duodenal localization is a rare finding.
Duodenal neurons provide nicotinic fast synaptic input to sphincter of oddi neurons in guinea pig.
Duodenal ulcer is peptic ulcer.
Duodenal ulcer is peptic ulceration
Duodenal ulcer is stomach ulcer.
Duodenal ulcer occurs more frequently in men.
Duodenal ulcers are peptic ulcers in the duodenum .
Duodenal ulcers are peptic ulcers in the duodenum.
Duodenal ulcers are peptic ulcers occurring in the top part of the small intestine.
Duodenal ulcers are the more common, accounting for three quarters of all cases.
Duodenal ulcers are the most common type.
Duodenal ulcers are three times more common than gastric ulcers.
Duodenal ulcers are virtually all benign.
Duodenal ulcers come and go, but the duodenal ulcer disease persist.
Duodenal ulcers heal by reepithelization from periphery.
Duodenal ulcers heal more slowly and recur more frequently in smokers than non-smokers.
Duodenal ulcers occur more frequently in men than in women.
Duodenal ulcers occur more frequently in men than women.
Duodenal ulcers respond well to treatment but they can recur.
Duodenal web is a variant of duodenal stenosis with a congenital duodenal membrane.
A duodenum is a small intestine
Duodenum isa bowel.
Duodenum isa gut.
Duodenum isa intestine.
Duodenum plays major role in food digestion.
Duodenum receives bile form the liver.
Duodenums facilitate digestion.
Duodenums have (part) corpi.
Duodenums have (part) lobes.
Duodenums stimulate alkaline secretion.
Duodenums stimulate secretion.
Most duodenums facilitate digestion.
Most duodenums stimulate alkaline secretion.
Some duodenums are caused by imbalances.
Some duodenums break down food.
Some duodenums produce hormones.
DuoScan models handle both reflective and transparent originals.
A dupe is a person
Dupes are acceptable.
Duplex circuits allow information to be transmitted on the line in both directions.
Duplex communication is similar to a telephone conversation.
Duplex cover is two sheets of quality text laminated together, usually two colors.
Duplex creation requires two steps.
Duplex designs are generally more versatile and operate at higher efficiencies.
Duplex fiber is a two fiber cable suitable for data transmission.
Duplex operation allows live viewing of cameras as a quad display or full frame display.
Duplex operations are especially vulnerable due to crosstalk between the transmitter and receiver.
Duplex output is now the default format for printing.
Duplex residents have lavatory between apartments for use by both halves of duplex.
Duplex rooms are also available.
Duplex sleeves allow for easy adjustment of eye size.
Duplex ultrasonography shows a clot in the right femoral vein.
Duplex ultrasound is much like the imaging technique used to view babies in the womb.
Duplex units are also available.
Duplex units have two pumps, two motors, and two float switches or mechanical alternator.
A duplex is an apartment
Duplexes are also available for purchase only.
Duplexes are two living units in one building, either side by side or one on top of the other.
Duplexes are usually two-unit buildings.
Duplexes contribute to housing affordability.
Duplexes feature a spiral staircase between levels.
Duplexes have one bedroom, kitchenettes, and a fold-out bed.
Duplexes run just as much as single family homes.
Duplexs are apartment buildings.
Duplexs are buildings.
Duplexs are housing.
Duplexs are located in major cities.
Duplexs are located in projects.
Duplexs are located in towns.
Duplexs are used for families.
Some duplexes have basements.
Duplicate address is found.
Duplicate addresses prevent the proper operation of the ring.
Duplicate bills are available by request.
Duplicate bridge is played twice a month.
Duplicate cards are available if the originals are lost or destroyed.
Duplicate cards make it more convenient to share membership.
Duplicate certificates are available upon request.
Duplicate check has multiple levels of checking to find even the most difficult to find duplicates.
Duplicate components operate in lockstep - processing the same instruction at the same time.
Duplicate contacts are worth zero points.
Duplicate contacts have to be clearly marked in the log.
Duplicate copies are unlimited in number.
Duplicate copies take weeks to obtain.
Duplicate coverage can be expensive and generally is unnecessary.
Duplicate coverage can be expensive and is generally unnecessary.
Duplicate coverage is costly and unnecessary.
Duplicate data has to be input again and again.
Duplicate documents are to be purged.
Duplicate effort is eliminated by having one central repository for event information.
Duplicate effort wastes a lot of time in business.
Duplicate efforts abound.
Duplicate elements have the same data type and value.
Duplicate entries appear when a title is available in more than one database.
Duplicate entries are skipped and are flagged with a warning.
Duplicate entries are subject for removal.
Duplicate entries are subject to disqualification.
Duplicate entries cause an error message to be issued, but are otherwise ignored.
Duplicate entries result in disqualification.
Duplicate file is empty.
Duplicate files are a result of uploading the same file twice, using two different user codes.
Duplicate files are either overwritten, or renamed, or rejected.
Duplicate files exist for each step.
Duplicate forms are to be used if more than one submission is made by an organization.
Duplicate images are images that are exactly the same but have different URLs.
Duplicate images indicate that multiple sizes are available.
Duplicate information can creep into a file, and keying errors can produce undeliverable records.
Duplicate information is compressed to a single entry.
Duplicate information is recognized via a check of update sequence numbers.
Duplicate items are eliminated from the lists and a class list is made.
Duplicate items increase cost by holding both in inventory.
Duplicate licences cost nothing, or money back.
Duplicate links are shown, content is identical at the two addresses.
Duplicate lists are also available at the circulation desks.
Duplicate messages are possible, even likely.
Duplicate microfiche is only available if the official copy is in microfiche format.
Duplicate names occur often in history.
Duplicate names prevent exact match.
Duplicate negatives are copies of other negatives.
Duplicate numbers receive the same rank.
Duplicate occurrences indicate multiple e-mail addresses.
Duplicate orders are the customer's responsibility.
Duplicate papers written for other courses are unacceptable.
Duplicate permits are available for use on an alternate or temporary vehicle.
Duplicate points are create along the seams.
Duplicate postings are a waste of time and resource for the entire Internet community.
Duplicate programs are syntactically identical or similar programs.
Duplicate publication involves publishing the same data more than once.
Duplicate publication is much more serious than partial publication.
Duplicate records are common in multi-file searches.
Duplicate records are on file at our office.
Duplicate records are present for some of the children.
Duplicate records can go through the system, but it makes reconciling harder.
Duplicate records cause problems on many levels and can be difficult to locate.
All duplicate records are accessible by clickable links.
Duplicate registrations deny all download authorization.
Duplicate removal works both within files and across files.
Duplicate reports are available upon request.
Duplicate requests are cumbersome and unnecessary.
Duplicate requests tend to complicate the helpdesk process.
Any duplicate requests go to earliest received reply.
Duplicate results get a number added to the file name to make the name unique.
Duplicate reviews are very easy to spot out.
Duplicate roads can lead to adverse ecological impacts.
Duplicate rolls are available for use in the research area.
Duplicate search can now skip recursive folders if the user wants to.
Duplicate selections are permissible, however.
Duplicate slides are additional copies requested at the same time as the originals.
Duplicate stitch consists of only one stitch and therefore is simple to do.
Duplicate stitch is just that, duplicating a knit stitch over an existing stitch.
Duplicate stitch is kind of like cross stitch on a stocking stitch sweater.
Duplicate structures are very important when agents transfer their files to the server.
Duplicate submissions are ground for immediate cancellation of both entries.
Duplicate suppression is half of a solution to follow-up duplication.
Duplicate testing is carried out on all positive results.
Duplicate themes are sometimes combined.
Duplicate titles are available for check-out.
Duplicate transparencies are available to circulate from the slide archive.
Duplicate transparencies are preferred.
Duplicate trophies are also available.
A duplicate is an artifact
Duplicate isa copy.
Duplicates allow an independent estimate of laboratory repeatability.
Duplicates are a pair of records where at least one key field value matches in both records.
Duplicates are acceptable.
Duplicates are available at cost.
Duplicates are available either as a permanent donation to libraries and schools.
Duplicates are available for use or purchase by individuals and organizations.
Duplicates are available for use or purchase by the public.
Duplicates are available upon request.
Duplicates are copies of the same original ordered at the same time.
Duplicates are copies.
Duplicates are cost-efficient and ensure an event is never missed.
Duplicates are desirable as they can sometimes be traded for missing issues.
Duplicates are exchangeable with the first rendition.
Duplicates are fine.
Duplicates are never as sharp.
Duplicates can occur in a box.
Duplicates complicate the analysis and reduce the times.
Duplicates confuse the Info movement commands.
Duplicates cuts exactly.
Duplicates exist for some of the photographs.
Duplicates have (part) sections.
Duplicates only create problems.
Duplicates source documents and routes through other phases of processing.
Duplicates There is nothing wrong with adding duplicate keys to the hash table.
Any duplicates remain.
Some duplicates appear from the above list.
Some duplicates exist because some record labels had only regional distribution rights.
Some duplicates occur in the listing - they are for sale.
Duplicated chromosomes maintain a unique structure during cell division . . .
Duplicated clippings are acceptable.
Duplicated content is a real issue.
Duplicated correspondence causes delays in the admissions process.
Duplicated events needs to be removed from the yearly calendar.
Duplicated events needs to be removed from the yearly calendar.judaic files.
Duplicated genes evolve independently after polyploid formation in cotton.
Duplicated regions are likely to have contributed much to the expansion of gene families in humans.
Duplicated work can be time wasting and frustrating.
Duplication cysts are the second most common cause of benign esophageal masses.
Duplication appears to detract from efficient use of resources.
Duplication can be color corrected, sized, and balanced.
Duplication can be powerful.
Duplication can be reasonable if it is needed for context.
Duplication can involve larger segments or even the whole limb.
Duplication causes polydactyly.
Duplication checking occurs before a record is saved to the database.
Duplication creates opportunity.
Duplication has (part) sections.
Duplication has both positive and negative aspects.
Duplication includes tape stock, spine and face labels, and tape jacket.
Duplication Indicate duplication in form or content.
Duplication is a copy
Duplication is a laser process utilizing CDRs.
Duplication is a real pain - with a large contacts list it takes ages to 'cleanse' the data.
Duplication is a violation of applicable laws.
Duplication is achieved virtually, for far less cost than through traditional methods.
Duplication is an issue closely related to utilization.
Duplication is another problem.
Duplication is another serious concern.
Duplication is authorized.
Duplication is available.
Duplication is avoided except in cases of anticipated heavy use.
Duplication is avoided whenever possible.
Duplication is avoided wherever possible.
Duplication is better than ignorance.
Duplication is considered based on accumulated reserves.
Duplication is copying.
Duplication is done from the originals whenever possible.
Duplication is easy, cheap, and the duplicates are identical to the originals.
Duplication is eliminated and fragmentary applications are combined.
Duplication is eliminated.
Duplication is encouraged .
Duplication is encouraged.
Duplication is followed by shipment of the tapes all across the nation.
Duplication is for bigger things such as programs.
Duplication is forbidden unless written permission is given.
Duplication is forbidden.
Duplication is good.
Duplication is high speed.
Duplication is high-speed.
Duplication is illegal without consent.
Duplication is optional for non acute treatment such as corrosion control.
Duplication is out - cooperation is in.
Duplication is permitted and encouraged by the authors.
Duplication is permitted for classroom use.
Duplication is permitted for the purpose of preservation and scholarly research.
Duplication is permitted for the purposes of preservation and research.
Duplication is permitted for the purposes of preservation and scholarly research.
Duplication is pervasive throughout the federal government.
Duplication is preferred instead of links.
Duplication is restricted to personal use.
Duplication is sometimes a matter of office politics.
Duplication is tedium.
Duplication is the act of reproducing something exactly.
Duplication is the final link in the chain between the recording session and the finished cassette.
Duplication is the goal, with no creative interpretation.
Duplication is the key to building massive income in network marketing.
Duplication is the key to success.
Duplication is the most common abnormality of the ureteropelvic collecting system.
Duplication is the reproduction of the page.
Duplication is the simplest service.
Duplication is violation of applicable laws.
Duplication isa copy.
Duplication leaves the original untouched.
Duplication means a grade of minus the assignment's value for that assignment.
Duplication means added costs.
Duplication means five similar teams carrying out the same functions.
Duplication occurs between agencies in conducting child screenings and program monitoring.
Duplication occurs when multiple installations of like products result in saving installation time.
Duplication produces two identical parts called sister chromatids, held together at centromere.
Duplication represents wasted grant dollars and wasted community resources.
Duplication requires funding.
Duplication requires permission from the publisher.
Duplication wastes resources.
Duplications are a doubling of a chromosomal segment.
Duplications are a doubling of a section of the genome.
Duplications are acceptable.
Duplications are available upon request.
Duplications are exact copies of a DNA sequence.
Duplications are inevitable in any case, but that is no problem.
Duplications are often even more unpredictable than deletions.
Duplications are subject to MicronPC qualification and licensing verifications.
Duplications can have phenotypes when the copy number of that particular region is critical.
Duplications can occur if key fields are re-mapped.
Duplications cause problems when the document is generated.
Duplications occurs when a portion of a chromosome is represented more than twice in a diploid cell.
Duplications supply genetic material capable of evolving new functions.
Duplication always takes less time and is far less complex.
All duplication is done by the bookstore.
All duplication is only in two hour mode.
All duplication requires adequate prior notice.
All duplications are color corrected, and enhanced to maintain a master like quality.
Any duplication is considered illegal.
Any duplications can serve as wonderful trading material.
Every duplication going beyond proxy caching needs an explicitly written permission.
Most duplication creates opportunity.
Most duplications occur with one urethra on top of the other.
Much duplication exists, however, and the quality of reports varies widely.
Some duplication exists across categories due to the multi-disciplinary focus of many journals.
Some duplication is necessary, of course.
Some duplication is to accommodate differences between national and state curriculum.
Some duplication is unavoidable.
A duplicator is apparatus
Duplicator can always win if the both sequences in a given game belong to the same class.
Duplicator includes instruction sheet.
Duplicator is also a FREE Course program.
Duplicator makes copying a CD as easy as pressing a button.
Duplicators are apparatus.
Duplicators are to be used for making more than thirty copies of a single original.
Duplicators use CD-R media, and usually a bank of recorders controlled by a single processor.
Most duplicators simply promote someone in their plant to become the mastering engineer.
A duplicity is misrepresentation
Duplicities are deception.
Duplicities are software.
Duplicity also includes deception.
Duplicity is duplicity.
Duplicity is everywhere.
Duplicity is just a molecule of hydrogen sulfide when compared to what's really going on.
A dura is animal tissue
Dura wear coin release linkage.
Durability allows doing less without having less.
Durability allows for a lifetime guarantee.
Durability also depends on the severity of attack by fungi and insects, especially termites.
Durability becomes a problem in changing conditions, long days or races.
Durability can be an issue, less so for combats vs. the checkering and edges of targets or magnas.
Durability can reduce the environmental costs of building by an order of magnitude.
Durability does have a higher price, but durable goods can last a lifetime.
Durability has more to do with the chemistry of the finish than the number of coats.
Durability has two aspects.
Durability increases the less permeable the concrete mix is.
Durability is a big question mark.
Durability is a concern.
Durability is a crucial element of waste prevention.
Durability is a crucial factor when purchasing an expensive peripheral.
Durability is a hallmark with unbreakable material being used for the casings.
Durability is a huge factor when dealing with a portable hard drive.
Durability is a question.
Durability is a very important concern in using concrete for a given application.
Durability is a very important factor for most kayakers.
Durability is affected by the purity of clay used.
Durability is almost unparalleled in natural materials.
Durability is also a certain sign of quality.
Durability is also a question.
Durability is also a strong feature.
Durability is also an issue, as they can easily be scratched.
Durability is also great.
Durability is also important to home buyers, especially aging baby boomers.
Durability is also important.
Durability is also part of the package.
Durability is also very good.
Durability is an important determinant of net cost, a strong net being a more attractive purchase.
Durability is an important factor in determining how to care for jewelry.
Durability is an important factor.
Durability is an overriding consideration.
Durability is another asset in that the plant is tolerant of heat and wet weather.
Durability is another critical factor.
Durability is another factor to be considered when selecting housing.
Durability is another key consideration when selecting a touchscreen.
Durability is another tough issue to address.
Durability is at the core of green construction.
Durability is based on a very robust design and contains only a few moving parts.
Durability is based primarily on image stability.
Durability is definitely a factor.
Durability is designed in.
Durability is engineered into each curbside recycling container.
Durability is enhanced by sandwiching the metal layer between polyester and polyethylene.
Durability is everything.
Durability is excellent and patients enjoy resumed stability in relation to other teeth.
Durability is excellent, as they are made out of a injection molded flexible urethane.
Durability is excellent.
Durability is great.
Durability is guaranteed.
Durability is high and the backlit LCD is crystal clear.
Durability is high, has very high resistance to marine borer attack.
Durability is important.
Durability is measured by fold and tear.
Durability is much improved from initial efforts.
Durability is of utmost concern in the operating environment.
Durability is one of aluminum's main advantages along with the fact that it is easily replaced.
Durability is one of the most vital, yet neglected, aspects of building design.
Durability is paramount in high-traffic areas like the hallway and playroom.
Durability is permanence
Durability is phenomenal .
Durability is put to the ultimate test.
Durability is rated high.
Durability is said to be outstanding.
Durability is species dependant but is applicable for short-term experiments.
Durability is the capacity to withstand abuse.
Durability is the key to furniture for the science laboratory.
Durability is the key word here.
Durability is the main drawback for the modified A-frames.
Durability is the most important criterion used to define the quality of a gear.
Durability is the most important quality in fly selection.
Durability is the next important subject.
Durability is the primary concern.
Durability is the question in development of any new engine.
Durability is too low, but it played well.
Durability is very important for rail vehicle components like bogie frames.
Durability is very questionable.
Durability is vital too.
Durability is, after all, a fair test of quality.
Durability isa property.
Durability lasts for years.
Durability looks good.
Durability means more strength, more strength offers superior speed.
Durability means productivity and lower unit costs, and retained value at the end of product life.
Durability means that any changes committed by a task persist.
Durability means unsurpassed low maintenance and life-time cost effectiveness.
Durability provides the budget.
Durability refers to certain lasting qualities with respect to folding and tear resistance.
Durability remains to be seen.
Durability tops the list of properties that restrict the use of wood-based composites.
Durability varies according to the type of finish used.
Durability sometimes results from manufacturers rethinking how to meet clients' needs.
Durable alloy rims and semi-slick comfort tires for superior braking and smooth rolling.
More durable alternatives are necessary and partial resistance is being explored as one.
Durable armor is recommended before going into close range combat.
Durable carriers are also available in parts of the digital world.
Durable case has easy grip handle and casters.
Durable case includes a pocket clip.
Durable casters provide easy manuverability.
Durable change is built over time and needs a change in values.
Durable cloth covers the interior, although leather, heated seats are optionally available.
Durable components are key .
Durable components ensure reliable performance.
Durable components ensure trustworthy performance and supreme reliability.
Durable construction allows for years of use and is virtually maintenance free.
Durable construction allows reusability.
Durable construction ensures years of use.
Durable construction has big bold laser type and full color illustrations throughout.
Durable construction is ensured for tough working conditions.
Durable construction is practically indestructable.
Durable construction makes it appropriate for high-traffic areas and informal rooms.
Durable construction makes with all weather banner a great addition.
Durable construction promises many years of use.
Durable construction protects seed from rodents and other pests.
Durable construction provides economic, long-term operation.
Durable construction stands up to everyday kids' play.
Durable cover slips easily over scoreboard to protect from scratches.
Durable dampers prevent cold backdrafts.
Durable design means no expensive repair costs.
Durable dwellings enable extensive feature excavation.
Durable enamel finish.
Durable fabric is a good idea.
Durable fabric is machine washable.
Durable finishes perform best when used in conjunction with proper preparation techniques.
Durable Flags stick securely and yet remove easily.
Durable goods are especially popular.
Durable goods are new or used items generally with a normal life expectancy of three years or more.
Durable goods are the most volatile component of consumer expenditures.
Durable goods manufactured include mining and metallurgical equipment, automobiles, and tractors.
All durable goods are the result of the creative process.
Durable housing is finished in logo clock face.
Durable induction stovetops wipe clean easily.
Durable items stay out of the waste stream longer, offsetting higher initial costs.
Durable lightweight knitted elastic provides support and flexibility.
Durable machine is completed by a solid metal casing.
Durable material permits a full range of movement while delivering comfortable support.
Durable material stands up to the most aggressive treatment.
Durable materials provide warmth and protection from abrasions.
Durable materials withstand the toughest play and clean easily with a toss into the washing machine.
Durable media is defined as tape or disk type media .
Durable packaging ensures safe transportation.
Durable peace can only be the outgrowth of a change in ideologies.
Durable performance is strengthened by the corrosion-resistant base pan.
Durable plants promise weeks of enjoyment.
Durable polyethylene is easy to clean.
Durable powder coated steel frame requires minimum care.
Durable products can return investments for years.
Durable products made of strong material also better withstand any chewing by children.
Durable quality adds years to the life of all precasted concrete products.
Durable resistance offers the best potential for management of witches' broom.
Durable sheepskin adds wonderful cushion to otherwise stiff bicycle seats.
All durable states enjoy internal peace, but the democratic ones foster competition for power.
Durable surface is as hard as ceramic.
Durable tapes stay put for years outdoors and in tough, industrial areas.
Durable vinyl covers high impact foam for years of use.
Durable vinyl covers high impact foam.
Durable weather resistant all rubber medicine balls.
Some durable wood has applications.
Durand soils are on undulating to hilly till plains and moraines.
Durand soils are well drained.
Durand soils have a mid-continental climate with hot summers and cold winters.
Durand soils have mollic epipedons.
Durango summers are warm and midday fishing is slow.
Durango is part of Mexico.
Durango isa thing.
Durant citizens are extremely proud of our Native American heritage.
Durant soils have argillic horizons and occur on broad ridgetops or flats.
Duratec primer is designed for rapid build-up.
Duration analysis shows that social capital is the most important resource for self-employment.
Duration models apply if there is no natural decision period.
Duration of action is long.
Duration of action is short.
Duration of action is significantly longer than lidocaine.
Duration of action is the length of time that a drug produces an effect.
Duration of effect is estimated at four to six months.
Duration of effects is a few days in non-lethal cases.
Duration of mating is dependent on the size of the prey gift.
A duration is a period
Duration affects a plant's blooming cycle.
Duration aims to measure the price sensitivity of the security to interest rate changes.
Duration appears more important than dose.
Duration can be from one to six weeks.
Duration can be in minutes, hours, or days.
Duration can either increase or decrease.
Duration can partially compensate for low light intensity.
Duration can range from several months to one or more years at international construction sites.
Duration can range, too, from five years to lifetime coverage.
Duration defines a duration of each event, allowing notes and chords to overlap when needed.
Duration depends on how the fault breaks during the earthquake.
Duration depends on modules - fees based on hourly delivery rates and accreditation requirements.
Duration depends on number of performers and interpretation of score.
Duration depends on point of entry as well as exit award.
Duration depends on response to treatment.
Duration describes how long it takes a phrase to occur.
Duration determines the degree of sensitivity to interest rate changes.
Duration estimates the time needed for the lesson.
Duration extends with maturity.
Duration gives an indication of how sensitive a portfolio is to changes in interest rates.
Duration gives an indication of how sensitive a portfolio's value is to changes in interest rates.
Duration is a measure of a security's price sensitivity to changes in interest rates.
Duration is a measure of interest-rate risk of financial assets and liabilities.
Duration is a measure of the average time to receipt of cash from a bond.
Duration is a measure of the effective maturity of a financial instrument.
Duration is a measure of the interest sensitivity of the portfolio.
Duration is a minimum of ten weeks during the summer semester.
Duration is a more important component with aerobics exercise.
Duration is a secondary idea.
Duration is a significant factor for describing environmental impacts.
Duration is about six minutes.
Duration is actually a single tour at a specific time during a single day.
Duration is actually one tour at a specific time on a single day.
Duration is an excellent tool to play around with.
Duration is approx.
Duration is approximately one hour.
Duration is around two hours for each trip.
Duration is as a line, expansion as a solid.
Duration is between one and two years.
Duration is critical for acceptance of general water electric boats.
Duration is dependent on site traffic.
Duration is dependent on the intensity of the exercise.
Duration is dependent on the type of infection.
Duration is eight to twelve weeks.
Duration is expressed as a number of years from purchase date.
Duration is five hours flying time with the necessary reserve in addition.
Duration is for one to three years.
Duration is for one year.
Duration is from one to several weeks.
Duration is from one to six months.
Duration is from one to ten months.
Duration is fundamental to understanding a bond's return.
Duration is generally brief.
Duration is half a year.
Duration is how long the rain lasts.
Duration is however, directly related to the maturity of the debt and needs brief discussion.
Duration is immediately visible and can be changed via drag and drop.
Duration is in Semesters.
Duration is increased slightly on both exhaust and intake.
Duration is indefinite.
Duration is key.
Duration is listed as approx.
Duration is measured from the end of the year in which the author dies.
Duration is normally up to three years in the first instance.
Duration is of one calendar year full time or the equivalent part time.
Duration is one non-combative round or three combative ones.
Duration is one round.
Duration is one semester or, if a research project develops, longer.
Duration is otherwise normal.
Duration is plan period and Frequency is how many times an assessment was performed.
Duration is positioned based upon interest rate trend analysis.
Duration is relevant for Emergency requests only.
Duration is shown as approx.
Duration is six to twelve weeks.
Duration is six weeks to three months.
Duration is specific to time and temperature requirements.
Duration is ten weeks to three months.
Duration is the amount of time over which such efforts are conducted.
Duration is the amount of time spent in direct service for a single unit.
Duration is the amount that a bond price changes for a given change in interest rates.
Duration is the average maturity of the fund.
Duration is the cumulative amount of direct service that was provided.
Duration is the indefinite continuance of existing.
Duration is the length of a training session.
Duration is the length of time that an individual is exposed to noise or vibrations.
Duration is the most important guide to intervention.
Duration is the only relevant link on a chain of embodied emotions.
Duration is the width of the hyetograph.
Duration is three hours.
Duration is three months to one year, with renewals possible.
Duration is three years.
Duration is two years.
Duration is typically four to seventy-two hours.
Duration is up to two years.
Duration is used for events lasting more than one day.
Duration is usually ten weeks.
Duration is weather dependent.
Duration isa period.
Duration measures a bond's sensitivity to interest rate changes.
Duration measures a fund s sensitivity to changes in interest rates.
Duration measures the bond's sensitivity to moves in interest rates.
Duration ranges from a couple of minutes to a couple of hours.
Duration ranges from days to a number of years.
Duration refers to how long the insulin works.
Duration refers to the amount of time spent at each aerobic session.
Duration refers to the length of light exposure.
Duration refers to time involved exercising.
Duration varies by project.
Duration varies from one year for basic fellowships to three months for senior guest fellowships.
Duration varies from twelve weeks to one year.
Duration varies with cell type.
Durations are about twenty minutes.
Durations are also negotiable, but the minimum period is one week.
Durations are durations.
Durations are less than a minute.
Durations are less than two minutes.
Durations are time periods.
Durations are time.
Durations are unaffected.
Durations carry from rest to rest or to following pitches as mentioned above.
Durations lengthen, but variance also increases.
Durations range from minutes to hours.
Durations range from seconds to minutes.
Durations vary according to the program location.
Durations often last more than two hours and can last up to four hours.
All durations are approximate and can vary depending upon circumstances.
All durations are approximate.
All durations refer to full-time study.
Durban poison is a very popular sativa strain from South Africa.
Durban weather is generally warm and sunny during the day with mild, warm evenings.
Duress provisions are very important.
A duress is a force
Duress looks at the quality of the consent of the weaker party.
Durham isa thing.
Durian flesh is canned in sirup for export.
Durian flowers open by dusk and begin falling to the ground before midnight.
Durian fruit are at far right.
Durian fruits elicit special attention.
Durian legends abound in Asia.
Durian lovers prefer a slightly under-ripened fruit.
Most durian neophytes reject the fruit and some never develop a taste for it.
A durian is edible fruit
Durians are covered in sharp spines and have a pungent smell.
Durians are different in different regions.
Durians are edible fruit.
Durians are fruit trees.
Durians are part of durians.
Durians brings forth the true flavour when enjoyed in the plantations.
Durians do best on deep, loamy, well-drained soils, high in organic matter.
Durians grow in Southeast Asia and are considered a favorite fruit of orangutans.
Durophagous forms have teeth with deep vertical grooves and wrinkles in the enamel .
Durum wheat contains abundant gluten, the substance that gives noodle and bread dough elasticity.
Durum wheat has a higher sensitivity to salinity than bread wheat.
Durum wheat is a hard wheat used in pasta products.
Durum wheat is a high protein, hard wheat which contributes to the characteristics of good pasta.
Durum wheat is as good for pasta as hard red wheat is good for bread.
Durum wheat is the hardest wheat and is primarily used for making pasta.
Durum wheat is thus less used in breadmaking.
Durum wheat is used for pasta products.
Durum wheat is used primarily for pasta and noodles.
Durum wheat is used to make pasta.
Durum wheat is wheat
Durum wheat is wheat.
Durum wheats are particulary susceptible.
A durum is wheat
Durum comprises nearly five percent of total U.S. wheat exports.
Durum is down on expectations of increased production in both importing and exporting countries.
Durum is sensitive to late fertilizer applications.
Durum is very sensitive to dryer temperatures.
Durums are plants.
Durums are wheat plants.
Durums are wheat.
Much durum remains to be seeded.
Dusk begins to settle and the celebrants depart.
Dusk brims the shadows.
Dusk continues to fall.
Dusk descends and a few stars wink through the light-washed Southern California sky.
Dusk descends upon the land and many animals leave their hiding places to forage in the night.
Dusk faces with white silken turbans wreath'd.
Dusk gathers over the peninsula.
Dusk implies shadow, edgeless clarity.
Dusk is a hour
Dusk is part of evenings.
Dusk is twilight.
Dusk isa cognition.
Dusk isa knowledge.
Dusk rises at the horizon and the sun passes away. . . .
Dusk settles in and celebrates depart.
Dusk settles in roadside ditches.
Dusk settles over the Montana prairie near trail's end.
Dusk turns to night.
Most dusk is part of evenings.
Dusky dolphins eat shrimp.
Dusky dolphins have lifespans.
Dusky dolphins have year lifespans.
Most dusky dolphins eat shrimp.
Most dusky dolphins have lifespans.
Most dusky dolphins have year lifespans.
Some dusky kobs reach maturity.
Some dusky kobs reach sexual maturity.
Most dusky mortality is a result of bycatch in the longline fishery.
Dusky pademelons reach maturity.
Dusky pademelons reach sexual maturity.
Most dusky pademelons reach maturity.
Most dusky pademelons reach sexual maturity.
Some dusky pademelons have fur.
Dusky pigmy rattlers inhabits the southern Coastal Plain area.
Dusky slugs produce mucuses.
Dusky slugs produce yellow mucuses.
Dusky slugs reach length.
Most dusky slugs produce mucuses.
Most dusky slugs produce yellow mucuses.
Most dusky slugs reach length.
Dust baths help chinchillas keep clean without becoming chilled.
Dust baths help prevent matting and aid in removal of dead fur.
Some dust baths cause irritation.
Dust bunnies are located in beds.
Dust bunnies are located in closets.
Dust bunnies are located in corners.
Dust bunnies are located in desks.
Dust bunnies are very good parents, and the adults usually stay near the younger bunnies.
Dust bunnies cover the basement floor.
Dust bunnies live forever, but babies grow up so fast.
A dust cloud is a cloud
Dust clouds absorb blue light, leaving a yellow-red glow.
Dust clouds are clouds.
Dust clouds lower global temperature.
Dust clouds lower temperature.
Dust clouds made from clapping blackboard erasers against the gallery wall add to the experience.
Dust clouds puff off surprisingly dainty hooves.
Dust clouds reduce visibility to zero.
More dust clouds are visible over the Gulf of Guinea.
Most dust clouds are very large.
Dust collection is done weekly.
Dust collection is in place for the main saws.
Dust collection outlet on the disc and the belt for easy connection.
Dust collector prevents dust from rising and settling on shelving, stock and furniture.
Most dust collectors clean or backwash the filters at regular intervals controlled by a cycle timer.
Most dust collectors fit into one of five categories.
Dust control has greater significance than ever before.
Dust control includes mats in a variety of colors, wet mops and treated dust mops.
Dust control is also relatively easier with a dual quadrant system.
Dust control is crucial to the success of biological control.
Dust control is essential.
Dust control is the key here.
Dust control is the most important objective in radiation safety for the titanium minerals industry.
Dust control is the primary prevention measure.
A dust cover is protection
Dust cover has a small tear on the binder section.
Dust cover has some missing paint.
Dust cover is secured by heavy leather straps.
Dust cover is shopworn, with small tears at the bottom of the spine and the back inside flap.
Dust cover is slightly dirty.
Dust cover is slightly torn and wearing especially on the spine.
Dust cover provides easy access to door, while enhancing concealed flush floor installations.
Dust covers are optional.
Dust covers are protective covering.
Dust covers are similar material without padding.
Dust covers keep dust and insects out and slow the rate of temperature and humidity changes.
A dust devil is a whirlwind
Dust devils are a common occurrence in dry and desert landscapes on Earth as well as Mars.
Dust devils are a common occurrence in dry and desert landscapes on Earth, as well as Mars.
Dust devils are a popular nuisance, and desert thunderstorms are also possible.
Dust devils are an evil wind that blows no one any good.
Dust devils are common even when the winds are mild.
Dust devils are common in arid locations, such as Earth's deserts.
Dust devils are common in desert areas on Earth, where they last only a few minutes.
Dust devils are common in hot deserts.
Dust devils are dangerous, but they do mark the creation of a new thermal.
Dust devils are funnel clouds of loose particles the wind has picked up from the ground.
Dust devils are little tornadoes that pop up in dry, windy places.
Dust devils are numerous, even on calm days.
Dust devils are one of the mechanisms by which dust is moved around and redistributed on Mars.
Dust devils are organized cores of plume thermals.
Dust devils are tornadoes that form over deserts. are linked to cumulonimbus clouds.
Dust devils become low saves.
Dust devils leave balls of windmill grass gambolling in their wake.
Dust devils leave tracks, planet-wide dust storms, etc.
Dust devils occur most frequently under hot, clear-sky conditions with light winds.
More dust devils affect networking business.
Dust explosion is possible if in powder or granular form, mixed with air.
Dust explosion is possible when product is finely dispersed in air.
Dust explosions are well known to occur in grain silos.
Dust filters are the most common type of air cleaners found in industry.
Dust filters prevent particulate matters from entering the pump.
Dust grain absorbs light.
Dust grain absorbs ultraviolet light.
A dust jacket is a jacket
Dust jacket features silver-foil embossing.
Dust jacket has a couple of tears and chips and fading a bit on the front.
Dust jacket has a couple of tears to edges as well.
Dust jacket has a few chips and closed tears with foxing on the inside.
Dust jacket has a few light spots on rear and is slightly discoloured along the rear edges.
Dust jacket has a few minor tears, edges are a bit faded and worn.
Dust jacket has a few small closed tears, small holes in front near top, shelf wear.
Dust jacket has a few tiny tears otherwise near fine.
Dust jacket has a little wear at heel, head and some corners, else fine.
Dust jacket has corner tears, soil on back.
Dust jacket has edge-wear and library label.
Dust jacket has light wear to the corner edges.
Dust jacket has minor chips to extremities, book itself is fine.
Dust jacket has minor creasing on top right, a little fading and a small age spot.
Dust jacket has minor nicks and is slightly darkened.
Dust jacket has moderate rubbing at edges and a few small chips and tears.
Dust jacket has quite a bit of wear to edges, few closed tears, creases, some rubbing.
Dust jacket has several small pieces chipped away at edges.
Dust jacket has slight edge wear, mostly top of spine.
Dust jacket has small, almost invisible, internal repair at head of backstrip.
Dust jacket has some edge wear top and bottom.
Dust jacket has some edge wear.
Dust jacket has some edgewear, scuffing.
Dust jacket has some small tears and wearing.
Dust jacket has some smudges and wear.
Dust jacket has some soiling and other corners are somewhat bumped.
Dust jacket has some staining on front.
Dust jacket has some tape reinforcement to the edges, flaps, and spine.
Dust jacket has some tearing on the edges, otherwise in good shape.
Dust jacket has some tears, otherwise good condition.
Dust jacket has some wear and closed tears along edges.
Dust jacket has tears at edges, creased and worn edges, and large crease across middle front.
Dust jacket is a little wrinkled at corners and top edge.
Dust jacket is beatuiful, bright and complete with just a bit of wear, very near fine.
Dust jacket is complete, rubbed at corners, one half cm tear with no loss.
Dust jacket is covered with mylar and show a little wear.
Dust jacket is darkened at edges and spine, but is at least very good overall.
Dust jacket is darkened at spine and edges and has several small chips and tear.
Dust jacket is darker than shown in picture.
Dust jacket is fine, with none of the usual fading.
Dust jacket is frayed at top and torn along top spine.
Dust jacket is in fair condition.
Dust jacket is intact, but worn.
Dust jacket is near fine with slight edge wear.
Dust jacket is present if applicable.
Dust jacket is present, but is quite chipped and soiled.
Dust jacket is present, though soiled.
Dust jacket is price clipped and has light rubbing at spine ends and tips and one tiny tear.
Dust jacket is the same as that of the hardbound limited edition.
Dust jacket is torn in several places.
Dust jacket is very good with some edge wear, especially on top edge of spine and back.
Dust jacket is VG, wrinkled front at title, lightly rubbed and soiled.
Dust jacket is worn away on the lower spine and chipped in some places.
Dust jacket is worn, has a tear on the bottom.
Dust jacket shows light wear.
Dust jacket shows some age.
Dust jacket shows some edge wear and rubbing.
Dust jacket shows very slight darkening otherwise fine in dust jacket.
Dust jacket shows wear and a few minor tears and rips.
Dust jacket spine slightly sunned, some wrinkles at head, folds a little wrinkled.
Dust jacket wear on top.
Dust jackets are all near very good to very good.
Dust jackets are hard to find.
Dust jackets increase a book's value tremendously.
Dust jackets sell books.
Dust jackets turn to dust.
Many dust jackets have clear plastic mylar protective covers.
Dust masks are a big help.
Dust masks are also good idea.
Dust masks are available from stores for use when dusts are being created.
Dust masks are ineffective in protecting against herbicide vapors.
Dust masks are next to worthless.
Dust masks can guard people with seasonal allergies against pollen and dust.
Dust masks can help prevent inhaling airborne allergens such as pollen and mold.
Dust masks can help prevent or reduce the inhalation of small fiberglass particles.
Dust masks filter out or trap minute airborne particles such as dust, chaff, and most molds.
Dust mites are a common cause of asthma in children .
Dust mites are a frequent cause of asthma.
Dust mites are a major cause of allergic reactions and asthma.
Dust mites are a major cause of allergies and asthma.
Dust mites are a major culprit.
Dust mites are a reality in most parts of the world, except where it is unusually dry or very cold.
Dust mites are a type of allergen, a substance that can cause an allergic reaction in some people.
Dust mites are a type of spider.
Dust mites are always a going concern.
Dust mites are arachnids that belong to the same group as spiders.
Dust mites are creatures that are related to spiders and ticks.
Dust mites are extremely small.
Dust mites are found in most areas of the world.
Dust mites are hardy creatures that live well and multiply easily in warm, humid places.
Dust mites are harmless to most people.
Dust mites are impossible to completely eliminate from living quarters.
Dust mites are in the arachnid family which includes spiders, scorpions and ticks.
Dust mites are located in beds.
Dust mites are located in cellars.
Dust mites are located in rugs.
Dust mites are members of the same family as spiders.
Dust mites are microscopic and found in ordinary household dust can cause allergic reactions.
Dust mites are microscopic animals that cause allergic reactions.
Dust mites are microscopic creatures that eat skin particles and dander.
Dust mites are microscopic insects which thrive on food particles and the scales shed by human skin.
Dust mites are microscopic organisms that can live and thrive throughout homes and businesses.
Dust mites are microscopic organisms that feed off of dead human skin.
Dust mites are microscopic organisms that feed on flakes of sloughed-off skin.
Dust mites are microscopic organisms that live in upholstered furniture and carpets.
Dust mites are microscopic organisms which live in bedding, rugs, and upholstered furniture.
Dust mites are microscopic, eight-legged creatures that thrive in humid, dusty environments.
Dust mites are most common in humid climates.
Dust mites are of microbial length.
Dust mites are one of the biggest indoor culprits.
Dust mites are one of the most common cause of allergies.
Dust mites are one of the most common causes of allergies and are present year-round.
Dust mites are one of the most common causes of allergies.
Dust mites are one of types of carpet beetles.
Dust mites are oval shaped with eight hairy legs, no eyes, no antenna and a tough translucent shell.
Dust mites are particularly difficult to avoid.
Dust mites are perhaps the most common cause of perennial allergic rhinitis.
Dust mites are possibly the number one cause of asthma problems in the home.
Dust mites are present all year long and are found in large quantities in carpeting and bedding.
Dust mites are probably impossible to avoid completely.
Dust mites are rather fragile creatures and they can easily be broken apart .
Dust mites are second only to pollen in causing allergic reactions.
Dust mites are so small they are invisible to the naked eye.
Dust mites are the biggest cause of allergic reactions in the home.
Dust mites are the culprits that cause breathing problems for many allergy sufferers.
Dust mites are the main source of allergens in house dust.
Dust mites are the most common allergen in the world.
Dust mites are the most important to avoid, followed closely by cats and certain types of mold.
Dust mites are the single most frequent trigger for asthma attacks.
Dust mites are tiny arthropods that can be found almost everywhere.
Dust mites are tiny transparent creatures that feed on human skin flakes.
Dust mites are tiny, microscopic animals that are found in house dust.
Dust mites are tiny, tiny bugs that live in cloth and carpets.
Dust mites are too small to bite a human.
Dust mites are universal in indoor environments.
Dust mites are very small and look like a cross between spiders and ticks.
Dust mites are very tiny spider type scavengers that recycle dust particles into editable food.
Dust mites can also be a factor in environmental illness.
Dust mites can contribute to asthma.
Dust mites cause problems.
Dust mites cause respiratory problems.
Dust mites colonize in mattresses, carpets, and upholstered furniture.
Dust mites eat skin cells shed by people, and they thrive in warm, humid environments.
Dust mites feed on dead skin.
Dust mites feed on skin.
Dust mites feed on substances.
Dust mites have no natural predator so they just keep multiplying.
Dust mites occur naturally and can appear in nearly all homes.
Dust mites pose another respiratory threat.
Dust mites require certain conditions beyond a food supply in order to thrive and reproduce.
Dust mites survive a normal hot water washing of bed sheets.
Dust mites survive on diets.
Dust mites tend to thrive in older homes and areas of high humidity.
Dust particles reflect sunlight.
Dust particles suspend in air.
Dust removal is also easy and uses a similar method.
Dust removal is good.
A dust storm is windstorm
Dust storm hits Sydney Harbor.
Dust storms accompany clouds.
Dust storms accompany dust clouds.
Dust storms affect states.
Dust storms are an occasional hazard near the Pakistan border, but rare or unknown elsewhere.
Dust storms are devastating the family farm and all the farms nearby.
Dust storms are dust clouds.
Dust storms are some of the most frequent natural hazards for Iraq, Kuwait, and Saudi Arabia.
Dust storms are wind.
Dust storms are windstorm.
Dust storms blow periodically from the north and north-west.
Dust storms can also come and go.
Dust storms can appear bright as well.
Dust storms can be fatal.
Dust storms can carry huge amounts of soil away very rapidly.
Dust storms can happen because the dry soil and sand are picked up by strong winds .
Dust storms can obscure features on the face of Mars.
Dust storms can sandblast surfaces, stripping paint and frosting windshields.
Dust storms can take down trees, bury equipment and cause damage to houses.
Dust storms cause depreciation of capital.
Dust storms happen when a strong wind front blows loose sand and dust from a dry surface .
Dust storms happen when a strong wind front blows loose sand and dust from a dry surface.
Dust storms have impact.
Dust storms occur frequently on Mars.
Dust storms occur on Mars.
Dust storms occur when the wind picks up dust from the surface.
Dust storms play an important role in governing the climate of Mars.
Dust storms reduce visibility.
Dust storms rip through, making cooking an ordeal.
All dust storms require high surface winds to start and to be sustained.
Most dust storms accompany dust clouds.
Most dust storms affect states.
Most dust storms have impact.
Most dust storms reduce visibility.
Some dust storms cause serious damage.
Some dust storms destroy farms.
Dust suppression is administered through the local air quality management authority.
Dust tails are usually better defined and at their best are much more spectacular.
Dust tails are wider with more of a curve.
Dust tails consist of dust particles which have streamed of the nucleus by escaping gasses.
Dust tails show a distinct curvature.
Dust trails evaporate at a realistic speed.
Dust absorbs blue light more than red light and thus makes stars appear reddish.
Dust absorbs both ultraviolet and visible light and reradiates it as far-infrared radiation.
Dust absorbs light and re-emits it as infrared radiation.
Dust absorbs light.
Dust absorbs moisture, which also plays a role in failure.
Dust absorbs starlight, thus heating the interstellar medium.
Dust absorbs the optical and ultraviolet light of stars and re-emits it as infrared radiation.
Dust absorbs visible starlight and reradiates it at much longer wavelengths.
Dust accelerates wear and tear in all mechanical systems.
Dust accumulates in finger nails and carries the infection.
Dust accumulates in the eyebrows.
Dust accumulates inside yourcomputer at an amazing rate.
Dust accumulates on floors.
Dust accumulates on little tables, scattered journals and fly-blown books.
Dust acts as an insulator from holy energies.
Dust acts as an insulator that prevents the escape of heat.
Dust acts as an insulator, holding the heat inside the tube.
Dust acts as condensation nuclei and allow matter to accumulate.
Dust acts as insulation and hinders proper cooling.
Dust adheres to the sheet by static electricity.
Dust admit within an nike in line skate.
Dust affects farmers who are working on dry fields or windy days.
Dust again gathers under wall cloud.
Dust aggravates allergies which lead to headaches.
Dust allergens and mold and mildew thrive on humidity.
Dust almost chokes a reader's throat.
Dust also absorbs toxic pollutants from the indoor and outdoor environments.
Dust also causes extinction.
Dust also encourages mites that attack the foliage and can affect the berries.
Dust also forms when painted surfaces bump or rub together.
Dust also interferes with herbicides.
Dust also presents a problem.
Dust appears on the fan exhaust port of the projector.
Dust appears on the horizon as the sound becomes louder.
Dust apples slices with spice mixture.
Dust apples with cinnamon and set aside.
Dust attracts to our dusters like a magnet.
Dust balls with flour and cover with a damp cloth.
Dust be toward some midget auto racing.
Dust begins to raise higher and now goes into our teeth and makes our eyes squint.
Dust believe inside no cruelty yet wrap brigham young cougars jacket.
Dust berries with part of flour.
Dust billows from dirt roads as truck after truck laden with logs returns from the outlying forests.
Dust billows up from all sides.
Dust biscuits lightly with flour.
Dust blocks air flow and reduces the efficiency of the system.
Dust blocks our view of the background stars.
Dust blows everywhere.
Dust blows in the eyes.
Dust bounces from the beam to the ceiling where the mirror reflects.
Dust bring off some easton air shoulder pads.
Dust build up and fan failure.
Dust build up on the widgets reduces their effectiveness.
Dust builds up and keeps the heat from escaping.
Dust builds up.
Dust bunnies everywhere.
Dust bunnies from space.
Dust bunnies in different stages of growth.
Dust bunnies in the computer can also cause graphic problems.
Dust bunnies shelter themselves under more American beds today than ever before.
Dust bunnies under the bed, bills and unfinished business.
Dust cakes with flour.
Dust can accumulate in carving, cracks and grooves and make wood look dark and unattractive.
Dust can accumulate in electrical components.
Dust can accumulate inside the unit.
Dust can affect the output quality of any printer.
Dust can also accumulate on, and cause damage to, the keyboard and monitor.
Dust can also affect performance.
Dust can also be a problem.
Dust can also be an indoor quality problem for patients, students and employees.
Dust can also make people with asthma experience wheezing, coughing and shortness of breath.
Dust can also obscure oncoming vehicles.
Dust can also obscure our view of a nebula.
Dust can be a problem and does form a scum on the pool surface. . .
Dust can be a problem for cameras, zip camera bags are a good idea.
Dust can be a problem for gas permeable wearers in dusty environments.
Dust can be a skin irritant.
Dust can be an explosion hazard when exposed to heat or flame.
Dust can be extremely hazardous when it contains asbestos, lead or high-protein materials.
Dust can be highly explosive.
Dust can build up on pothos leaves and needs to be removed.
Dust can carry gases and odors.
Dust can cause drying, cracking and scaling.
Dust can cause fatigue and headaches.
Dust can cause irritation to the eyes, nose, throat, lungs, and skin.
Dust can cause many problems for people that suffer from allergies.
Dust can cause silicosis.
Dust can cause the laser eye to skip, and scratches can cause a loss of audio quality.
Dust can cling to the viewers on spacesuits or to the spaceship's window blocking the view.
Dust can clog the screen that protects the fan.
Dust can even obscure entire galaxies at visible wavelengths.
Dust can get between the plastic and furniture and gradually rub off the furniture finish.
Dust can hang in the air for years.
Dust can impair breathing for people and animals, and make travel hazardous.
Dust can ionise and suspend on a dry day, creating drift.
Dust can irritate eyes, nose, throat and mucous membranes of the respiratory tract.
Dust can irritate the lungs and aggravate asthma symptoms.
Dust can make an animal track look one way, sand or mud another.
Dust can make the eyes tear, feel gritty, or turn red.
Dust can mask star formation in the present Universe, too.
Dust can only form at temperatures below a few thousand degrees.
Dust can reach as high as six miles above the surface and settles very slowly.
Dust can restrict air flow and increase operating costs.
Dust can scratch a cameo, so it is important to keep it as dust-free as possible.
Dust can settle in there.
Dust can settle on floors, walls and tables.
Dust can settle on floors, walls, and tables, and can cause problems.
Dust can smudge pages.
Dust can still get inside, for example, as can any other airborn contaminant.
Dust can stress the respiratory system, by carrying adsorbed gases deep into the lungs.
Dust carried downwind from cities and industry can increase rain in city shadows.
Dust cause the bit to run uneven and results in chatter, chipping and possible breakage.
Dust causes allergies.
Dust causes mechanical irritation.
Dust causes pneumonia and illnesses to the survivors.
Dust causes problems.
Dust causes respiratory problems.
Dust causes the most problems for the average screen printer and it is the easiest to quantify.
Dust causes the unit to run more.
Dust causes upper respiratory problems.
Dust cheeks with powdered blush.
Dust clogs the filters and reduces airflow and cooling effectiveness.
Dust coats the countertop, trash litters the ruined floor, and weeds poke out of cracks in the tile.
Dust collecting options virtually eliminate airborne dust.
Dust collects on exposed pipes in the studio.
Dust comes from other sources as well.
Dust comes in contact.
Dust consists of very small pieces of solid matter distributed diffusely through space.
Dust contains excretion.
Dust contains pollen.
Dust contains rodent excretion.
Dust contains substances.
Dust contains such substances.
Dust contributes to air pollution.
Dust cookies lightly with powdered sugar before serving.
Dust cookies with confectioners' sugar.
Dust cookies with powdered sugar.
Dust cookies with the sugar.
Dust corms with insecticide before storing.
Dust cover for concealing safe.
Dust cover for concealing.
Dust cover providing easy access to door and flush floor finishes.
Dust covers every surface.
Dust covers everything in the house.
Dust covers everything.
Dust covers protect heads and automatically release with water pressure.
Dust Covers Protective covers for sewing machines.
Dust covers the floors.
Dust covers, Rubber moulding for industrial use.
Dust created from the remodeling of an older home also can be a source of lead contamination.
Dust crosses the road to our north.
Dust curls up from the passing traffic stream.
Dust curtains sun, blights flower, dulls leaf sheen.
Dust cyclones whirl across the parched land beyond the river bank.
Dust describe Way for either action inside that sea.
Dust desk chairs from the top down.
Dust devils form when the weather is clear, hot, and dry.
Dust devils on Mars.
Dust devils swirl across their landing site once, twice and sometimes several times a day.
Dust devils swirl and move east.
Dust devils twirl in the bone dry wind.
Dust devils, with dust storms, are the main agent of removal and deposition of dust on Mars.
Dust diseases litigation.
Dust driven from a comet's nucleus reflects sunlight as it travels through space.
Dust edges of the plate with confectioner s sugar.
Dust emits in the infrared.
Dust encourages dust mites.
Dust ends with fungicide or activated charcoal.
Dust enter under the skin and climb vision.
Dust enters atmospheres.
Dust fills crater bottoms and piles up high around rocks the size of small office buildings.
Dust fills the hall like a layer of gray snow.
Dust flies about and mental dust.
Dust flies up, and all the moisture in the air immediately vaporizes.
Dust flies, swart flies.
Dust floats in the air.
Dust gathers on the idle equipment that once helped save lives.
Dust generated by the polishing process is collected by vacuums connected to each machine.
Dust generated during grinding, handling or storage can pose an explosion hazard.
Dust generated from the dried product is classified as a nuisance dust.
Dust go to sleep.
Dust hangs in the musty air.
Dust hangs like a pall over Nicaragua.
Dust has origins.
Dust have beneath several army once collect efas.
Dust helps collect enough matter to form planets.
Dust helps to remove old oil.
Dust hides a universal starburst.
Dust hitting the Earth has the same cycles as the ice ages.
Dust interferes with critical connections in both the keyboard and computer.
Dust interferes with the coil's ability to sense the proper temperature.
Dust irritates eyes.
Dust irritates lungs.
Dust is a by-product of laminate floor manufac.
Dust is a common cause of allergies, but it's actually the dust mites that are the culprits.
Dust is a common occurrence in any activity on the forest.
Dust is a common source of dangerous levels of lead and cadmium.
Dust is a country accent.
Dust is a crucial component of the martian greenhouse effect.
Dust is a fine powder two inches thick on the road and all the trails.
Dust is a great condensation nucleus.
Dust is a killer.
Dust is a major source of indoor air pollution.
Dust is a modern rock masterpiece and breathes a new life into an ailing artform.
Dust is a particle.
Dust is a powerful allergen which accumulates easily when homes are closed up during the winter.
Dust is a problem for a few of reasons.
Dust is a protective coating for fine furniture.
Dust is a protective cover.
Dust is a protective covering for furniture.
Dust is a rather dark novel set in a world where the ecosystem is out of balance.
Dust is a serious enemy.
Dust is a solid that's made up of lots of other kinds of solids.
Dust is a term given to the smallest leaf particle.
Dust is a very effective absorber and re-radiator of optical and ultraviolet light.
Dust is abrasive so infrequent or improper dusting can create a worn, dull surface over the years.
Dust is also a continuous problem, and many people suffer from allergies and sinus trouble.
Dust is also a factor.
Dust is also a problem, since it can end up in local waterways.
Dust is always there, like the neighbourhood dog just try to avoid getting it excited.
Dust is blown away from the comet's nucleus by the pressure of sunlight.
Dust is blown from the works and trucks.
Dust is blown off.
Dust is deep past the gate.
Dust is dirt.
Dust is drawn up by a vacuum and steel shot is reclaimed.
Dust is everywhere in Tucson.
Dust is everywhere.
Dust is evident.
Dust is exceedingly rare.
Dust is explosive.
Dust is flammable.
Dust is generally an issue.
Dust is hard to avoid.
Dust is incessant.
Dust is ingested through imperfect air filters.
Dust is irritant to skin due to high alkalinity.
Dust is just a country accent.
Dust is kept down by wetting painted surfaces before they are worked on.
Dust is less likely to enter engine parts, reducing equipment maintenance requirements.
Dust is light, but it does settle because it is heavier than air.
Dust is located in air.
Dust is located in attics.
Dust is located in bedrooms.
Dust is located in beds.
Dust is located in boxs.
Dust is located in buildings.
Dust is located in carpets.
Dust is located in cellars.
Dust is located in closets.
Dust is located in corners.
Dust is located in desks.
Dust is located in desktops.
Dust is located in drawers.
Dust is located in floors.
Dust is located in freeways.
Dust is located in fridges.
Dust is located in ground.
Dust is located in homes.
Dust is located in libraries.
Dust is located in lofts.
Dust is located in moons.
Dust is located in orbits.
Dust is located in plates.
Dust is located in rooms.
Dust is located in rugs.
Dust is located in shelfs.
Dust is located in skies.
Dust is located in tables.
Dust is located in television.
Dust is located in windowsills.
Dust is made from poo.
Dust is made up of skin, hair, feed and fecal materials.
Dust is magnetic and ultra- fine, so it gets into everything.
Dust is materials.
Dust is minimized by wet sample break down.
Dust is mixed with animal dung from the filthy roads they shared with camels and donkeys.
Dust is mixed with the gas.
Dust is mobs.
Dust is more economical for large scale dusting projects.
Dust is more mobile than coarse particulates and unhealthy almost regardless of composition.
Dust is more then a game, it is an interactive movie.
Dust is most likely to be raised when litter is being removed or raked over.
Dust is mostly protein, and is also a problem.
Dust is much more than common dirt.
Dust is nonexistent.
Dust is obvious entering the cloud base.
Dust is often a problem in Washington State, especially in dry weather.
Dust is often heavy in the desert environment and also dries out the nasal membranes.
Dust is one of the least studied aspects of blasting.
Dust is particulate matter
Dust is particulates.
Dust is perhaps the biggest enemy of computers in the field.
Dust is prevalent, fortunately many camps offer laundry service.
Dust is probably the most versatile of the three cloths.
Dust is readily visible as dark streaks .
Dust is reduced since unconscious birds are placed on the evisceration line.
Dust is removed before it can rotate and load the sandpaper.
Dust is removed by use of portable vacuum cleaner, or little brush which has an air pump attachment.
Dust is removed from the scrubber in a clarification unit or a drag chain tank.
Dust is small particles of dirt.
Dust is soil without life promising famine.
Dust is something to be feared in the first book.
Dust is spread much thinner than sand and covers a much larger area.
Dust is still a problem.
Dust is still the main problem.
Dust is such an air particle that alters the colors of a sunset.
Dust is swept around from the dayside to the nightside by the expanding gas flow.
Dust is the condemned urban equivalent of snow, or sand.
Dust is the finest.
Dust is the most common year round allergy.
Dust is the smallest grade, useful for a quick-brewing, strong cup of tea.
Dust is the smallest particle.
Dust is uniform on the wheel drive surface.
Dust is very rare.
Dust is very small and takes a long time to accumulate.
Dust is what a lot of the charm is about.
Dust is wonderful entertainment, both within the adventure and with the arcade elements.
Dust is, after all, pollution.
Dust isa material.
Dust isa stuff.
Dust isn t just an accumulation of fine dirt.
Dust Jackets for hard cover books are a little more complicated.
Dust jackets in good shape.
Dust jackets in perfect condition, directly out of the box.
Dust kills power supplies.
Dust lans, tiny condensations, and strange radial streaks all appear with unprecedented clarity.
Dust leaves with eye shadow.
Dust loading in the work area dictates the level of protection required.
Dust loaves lightly with flour.
Dust loves stuff.
Dust makes coughs.
Dust mites .
Dust mites also love upholstered furniture such as the couch in the picture to the right.
Dust mites and allergies .
Dust mites and animal dander - eye, nose, and throat irritation, asthma.
Dust mites and asthma.
Dust mites and cat dander are two of the most potent allergens.
Dust mites and mold grow best in damp areas.
Dust mites and other insects can thrive in sofas, stuffed chairs, carpets and bedding.
Dust mites and other insects thrive in stuffed sofas and chairs, carpets, drapery and bedding.
Dust mites and pests such as cockroaches also worsen allergies.
Dust mites and pet dander are significant indoor triggers.
Dust mites and respiratory disease in calves .
Dust mites and roaches love high-humidity homes.
Dust mites and their waste products are the most common allergens in indoor air.
Dust mites as well as other allergens thrive on high humidity.
Dust mites belong to the family of eight-legged creatures called arachnids.
Dust mites bite the dust.
Dust mites can lurk in carpeting, upholstery and ventilation systems of cars.
Dust mites can trigger asthma attacks.
Dust mites collect in bedroom carpets and bedding.
Dust mites feed off our dead skin cells.
Dust mites hide deep in carpets, upholstery, furniture, bedding, clothing, and closets.
Dust mites in the hills too.
Dust mites is a common indoor allergen.
Dust mites like moisture and high humidity.
Dust mites like to eat dead skin from pets and humans.
Dust mites live and multiply easily in warm, humid places.
Dust mites live in bedding, carpets, stuffed furniture, old clothing and stuffed toys.
Dust mites live in bedding, upholstery, and carpets.
Dust mites live in carpeting and bedding.
Dust mites live in carpets, bedding and curtains.
Dust mites live in fabrics and carpets and are common in every room of the house.
Dust mites live in rugs and carpets, sheets, mattresses and pillows, and upholstered furniture.
Dust mites live in rugs, carpets sheets, mattresses, pillows and upholstered furniture.
Dust mites love central heating.
Dust mites love humidity.
Dust mites love to curl up in carpets and do whatever twisted things dust mites do.
Dust mites love warm, damp mattresses.
Dust mites love warm, humid areas filled with dust.
Dust mites Many people are allergic to dust mites.
Dust mites Many people with asthma are allergic to dust mites.
Dust mites move from one room to another by clinging on to the hosts clothes.
Dust mites obtain water by actively absorbing it from the ambient air.
Dust mites or pet allergies often cause morning congestion that lasts all year long.
Dust mites particularly like rugs, beds and pillows.
Dust mites primarily feed on dead skin shed by humans and other animals.
Dust mites run for cover.
Dust mites survive and thrive on minute particles of human skin.
Dust mites survive on a diet of dead skin, bacteria, fungi and viruses in the environment.
Dust mites thrive in a humid environment.
Dust mites thrive on warmth and humidity.
Dust mites usually populate stuffed animals, like pillows.
Dust mites warrant a similar regiment.
Dust mites, close relatives of ticks and spiders, are too small to see without a microscope.
Dust mites, cockroaches and animal dander eye, nose, and throat irritation, asthma.
Dust mites, cockroaches and asthma.
Dust mites, cockroaches, mold and pollen are all triggers to asthma attack.
Dust mites, grasses and moulds top the list of environmental, or atopic, allergies.
Dust mites, microscopic creatures related to spiders, thrive on moisture.
Dust mites, mold and mildew are the most common allergens that cause allergies.
Dust mites, mold, and pets are the major indoor allergens.
Dust mites, mold, pollution and cockroach parts often trigger asthma attacks.
Dust mites, pet dander and molds are culprits that can set off allergy attacks indoors.
Dust mites, the primary cause of dust allergy, are microscopic organisms found in homes.
Dust mop all non-carpeted floors.
Dust mop all resilient and composition floors with treated dust mops.
Dust mops handily clean under beds and furniture and down steps.
Dust motes dancing to the tune of Brownian motion.
Dust motes somersault and spin.
Dust obscures our view of the central part of the Milky Way at visible wavelengths.
Dust obscures our view of the star within.
Dust obscures the sky in Adelaide, the largest city in South Australia.
Dust observe like one poulan chain saw.
Dust paczki with powdered sugar.
Dust particles anywhere on the mirror, however, can scatter light to the pixel.
Dust particles cause problems for satellites .
Dust particles from the burnt rubbish exacerbate asthma, chronic bronchitis and heart disease.
Dust particles in comets vary in size from pebbles to specks smaller than the eye can detect.
Dust particles in the expanding cloud scatter and reflect the starlight making the beams visible.
Dust particles on optics and film emulsion buildup on platens.
Dust particles scatter more light in a direction away from the sun than back toward it.
Dust particles that affect the lungs are so small that they are invisible to the naked eye.
Dust particles under the lens can be a problem.
Dust pervades much of space, around newly born stars and between stars.
Dust pets thoroughly, working the dust into the hair down to the skin.
Dust pets with a pyrethrin or salicylanilide.
Dust pheasant lightly with flour, season with salt and pepper.
Dust plants with diatomaceous earth.
Dust plays a crucial role in the atmosphere by acting as nucleation sites for cloud growth.
Dust plumes against the clouds or projected from the limb.
Dust plumes in the dark across the endless playa.
Dust plumes One last reminder about dust or dirt rising from distant fields.
Dust pumps, draft fans, gauges and other boiler equipment.
Dust raised by heavy trucks on haul roads is reduced by water spraying.
Dust rapidly causes an unsightly build up.
Dust reddens star light passing through it by scattering the blue light in all directions.
Dust reduces visibility.
Dust reflectors with a soft cloth.
Dust reflects starlights.
Dust reflects sunlight, causes cooling.
Dust relies on giant puddles of guitar and a pelting drum drizzle for the rest.
Dust remains in the dustbag during vacuum cleaning and also when the bag is replaced.
Dust replaces sand.
Dust retains heat and causes intermittent failures and errors.
Dust returns to dust.
Dust rings around a star suggest that unseen planets lurk there.
Dust rises easily.
Dust rises from our footsteps.
Dust rises in clouds, decreased visibility making the soldiers nervous.
Dust rises into the gentle summer breeze.
Dust rises like eraser bloom on a chalkboard.
Dust rising in dry weather is a sign of approaching change.
Dust rolls up from the wheels of an approaching farm wagon.
Dust rolls with confectioners' sugar.
Dust rosettes with additional crushed instant coffee.
Dust rotates in their headlight beams.
Dust scallops with flour mixture, then add to skillet.
Dust settles down, where the vacuum can trap it.
Dust settles evenly here.
Dust settles into the weave of the fabric and begins to act like sandpaper.
Dust settling on light bulbs can reduce exposures, maintenance is necessary.
Dust showers down.
Dust slices with confectioners' sugar just before serving, if desired.
Dust sow against one triathlon training.
Dust spores on the medium.
Dust spotting and blending of our negative retouching is included.
Dust stars and plate with powdered sugar.
Dust stays on things because gravity holds it.
Dust steaks with garlic pepper and continue to sip cholesterol thinner.
Dust still coats the marble and the paintings are still stored safely away.
Dust strips with flour.
Dust subscribe Passage onto one duty through little wire.
Dust supplies the nutrients that react with moisture to produce mold, dust mites and bacteria.
Dust surfaces with a damp cloth to prevent pollen collecting and use an air filter indoors.
Dust sweeps back down the receding runway.
Dust swirls at first, then condensation swirls.
Dust swirls through the air as the creatures bleat and men drop snares over their heads.
Dust swirls up into the shafts of sunlight.
Dust takes place over five days, split into morning, afternoon, and evening.
Dust tarts with confectioners' sugar.
Dust tells the world to know their purpose before it's too late.
Dust tends to absorb and selectively scatter blue light more effectively than red.
Dust tends to build up over time, and is a pain if left uncontrolled.
Dust tomatoes generously with salt and fresh pepper.
Dust tops lightly with flour using finger tips.
Dust tops lightly with flour.
Dust tops with a little brown sugar and a touch of cinnamon.
Dust tops with additional flour if pastry is moist.
Dust tops with cinnamon, if desired.
Dust tops with confectioners' sugar before serving.
Dust tops with paprika and Parmesan cheese.
Dust tops with powdered sugar.
Dust tops with rye flour.
Dust towels generously with powdered sugar.
Dust truffles with cocoa powder, brush off excess.
Dust turns pink.
Dust turns to mud, mud turns to slop, and slops turns to snow.
Dust undermines promising careers and compromises true athletic potential.
Dust Use small paintbrushes to dust cracks and crevices in telephones, stereos, etc.
Dust varies out a tear when deny Arizona topographic map.
Dust vents, lights, and other fixtures with a synthetic duster while disinfectant is working.
Dust vents, lights, and other fixtures with a synthetic duster.
Dust whips the tent violently.
Dust wins the prize.
Dust wipes only measure lead in surface dust.
Dust yolks with few grains of nutmeg and serve from casserole.
Dusts are also very effective in controlling the entire colony.
Dusts are best for treating voids.
Dusts are common in livestock operations and present a hazard to animals and humans.
Dusts are dry powders ready for use.
Dusts are easy to apply, require no mixing, and can be used year-round.
Dusts are frequently more desirable than sprays.
Dusts are likewise effective if plants are Thoroughly covered.
Dusts are more effective when applied early in the day while the dew is still on the plants.
Dusts are most effective and easier to get into wall voids or behind items.
Dusts are often the choice of the aver- age home gardener.
Dusts are particularly effective for treating nest galleries.
Dusts are pesticides formulated on particles designed for dry application.
Dusts are ready for immediate use and are applied dry.
Dusts are ready to use in the desired concentration and require no dilution or mixing.
Dusts are solid particles often generated by some mechanical or abrasive activity.
Dusts are usually more hazardous than sprays.
Dusts are usually more hazardous to bees than sprays.
Dusts can also irritate the adults.
Dusts can have thousands of parts per million lead by weight.
Dusts can irritate the skin.
Dusts can occur from dried and flaking paints.
Dusts come from grinding and machining of metals.
Dusts constrict the lungs.
Dusts drift more than sprays.
Dusts dry glaze over portion of ware previously coated with liquid size.
Dusts generally provide longer residual control than sprays but become ineffective in wet locations.
Dusts have a tendency to cake or crust when they get damp.
Dusts kill existing pests and make surfaces inhospitable to new arrivals.
Dusts provide slightly longer residual control than aerosols.
Dusts woodwork, chairs and other furniture.
Dusts work the best for carpenter bees, and have some residual.
Dust often builds up during the winter months.
Dust often collects in smoke detectors, and it can cause the smoke detector to give a false alarm.
Dust often contains harmful endotoxins.
Dust often contains microscopic mites, which live in bedding, furniture, and carpets.
All dust is dust, And blood is dust.
All dusts are potential lung irritants.
More dust is found in near the equator.
More dust slowly accumulates, and loess is formed.
Most dust absorbs light.
Most dust causes allergies.
Most dust causes problems.
Most dust causes respiratory problems.
Most dust causes upper respiratory problems.
Most dust clouds lower temperature.
Most dust comes in contact.
Most dust contains excretion.
Most dust contains rodent excretion.
Most dust contains substances.
Most dust contains such substances.
Most dust enters atmospheres.
Most dust has origins.
Most dust irritates eyes.
Most dust irritates lungs.
Most dust is contributed by the mantle rock of dry regions.
Most dust makes coughs.
Most dust mites cause respiratory problems.
Most dust mites die in low humidity levels or extreme temperatures.
Most dust mites die when exposed to low humidity levels or extreme temperatures.
Most dust mites feed on dead skin.
Most dust mites feed on skin.
Most dust mites feed on substances.
Most dust mites survive on diets.
Most dust reduces visibility.
Most dust reflects starlights.
Much dust contains microscopic arachnids called dust mites .
Some dust affects climates.
Some dust affects health.
Some dust affects human health.
Some dust blocks sunlight.
Some dust carries antigens that cause severe irritation to the respiratory tract and lungs.
Some dust causes diseases.
Some dust causes lung diseases.
Some dust comes from powder.
Some dust comes from white powder.
Some dust consists of fungal hyphae.
Some dust consists of hyphae.
Some dust contains fiber.
Some dust contains viruses.
Some dust covers surfaces.
Some dust enters earth.
Some dust forms disks.
Some dust gets into eyes.
Some dust gets into lungs.
Some dust is visible over the southwestern portion of the Iberian Peninsula.
Some dust leads to diseases.
Some dust leads to respiratory diseases.
Some dust mites live in bedrooms.
Some dust mites live in homes.
Some dust mites live in towels.
Some dust mites prefer environments.
Some dust mites prefer humid environments.
Some dust mites survive years.
Some dust poses problems.
Some dust radiates energy.
Some dust reduces photosynthesis.
Some dust reflects light.
Some dust reflects sunlight.
Some dust shows clouds.
Some dust storms cause damage.
Some dusts are mixed with other dry insecticides.
Some dusts contain conventional insecticides, while others contain no organic chemicals.
Dustbin isa bin.
Dustbins have (part) sections.
A duster is windstorm
Duster isa windstorm.
Dusters are classic and currently available in more variations than ever before.
Dusters cost less than comparable sprayers and are easier to carry and maintain.
Dusters have (part) storm centers.
Dusters have (part) storm centres.
Dusters require no appreciable maintenance as long as they are kept dry.
Dustings is cleaning.
Dustman isa contractor.
Dustmans have (part) arms.
Dustmans have (part) body substances.
Dustmans have (part) cell membranes.
Dustmans have (part) cells.
Dustmans have (part) corpi.
Dustmans have (part) cytoplasm.
Dustmans have (part) heads.
Dustmans have (part) human bodies.
Dustmans have (part) legs.
Dustmans have (part) material bodies.
Dustmans have (part) necks.
Dustmans have (part) nuclei.
Dustmans have (part) personality.
Dustmans have (part) plasma membranes.
Dustmans have (part) sections.
Dustmans have (part) vacuoles.
Dustmite excreta is a problem especially in bedrooms.
A dustpan is a receptacle
Dustpan isa indefinite quantity.
Dustpans can be very useful.
Some dusty plasma contains dust.
Dutch american astronomers publish paper.
Dutch architecture is quite spare compared to other European counties.
Dutch astronomers create diagrams.
Dutch astronomers demonstrate existence.
Dutch astronomers publish paper.
Most dutch astronomers create diagrams.
Most dutch astronomers demonstrate existence.
Most dutch astronomers publish paper.
Some dutch astronomers explain creations.
Dutch astronomy has access to a large number of other observing facilities as well.
Dutch athletes excel in outdoor sports, with the exception of indoor speed skating.
A dutch auction is a marketing
Dutch auctions are a little bit different.
Dutch auctions are common in less obvious forms.
Dutch auctions are complicated, so please read the complete rules .
Dutch auctions are really weird.
Dutch auctions are selling.
Dutch auctions are strategically equivalent to first price sealed bid auctions.
Dutch auctions can proceed very rapidly , which is one of their main virtues.
Dutch auctions can raise eyebrows, too.
Dutch auctions can take place when a seller has multiple identical items to sell.
Dutch auctions favor buyers, since higher bidders pay less than the price they bid.
Dutch auctions leave no recourse to the buyer.
Dutch authorities are concerned about the level of illegal immigration.
Dutch beer is excellent.
Dutch birds are good layers, good setters, and good broodies.
Dutch books have other interesting information.
Dutch brooks are on sandy soils that are poor in minerals.
Dutch businesses pack a puch well beyond their native country's size.
Dutch businesspeople are very frank.
Dutch children are independent at an early age and decide more often what they want to wear.
Dutch chocolate has most of the cocoa butter removed.
Dutch chocolate is pretty damn good.
Dutch clover has flowers.
Dutch clover has little flowers.
Dutch clover has little white flowers.
Dutch clover has white flowers.
Dutch clover is the more common type and has little white flowers.
Most dutch clover has flowers.
Most dutch clover has little flowers.
Most dutch clover has little white flowers.
Most dutch clover has white flowers.
Dutch coffee is made espresso style, strong, black and served in tiny cups.
Dutch colonists begin operating a glassworks at Jamestown.
Dutch courage is a euphemism for alcoholic beverages.
Dutch culture is one of consensus, so the ability to justify and buy people into ideas is essential.
Dutch culture is one of moderation and that is most visible in politics.
Some dutch diseases kill american elm trees.
Some dutch diseases kill elm trees.
Some dutch diseases kill trees.
Dutch doctors are now able to set the appointment totally by their own caprice.
Dutch doctors honor a third of assisted-suicide requests each year, government figures say.
Dutch drains carry water from rain spouts into the soil, where it gradually filters into the ground.
Dutch education deserves special attention with regards to German history, culture and society.
Dutch eggs sell all over the world because they are so cheap.
Most Dutch emigrants have secondary education and an additional skill.
Dutch entrepreneurs remain confident in the economy.
Dutch ethologists work in labs.
Most dutch ethologists work in labs.
Dutch euthanasia is a human-rights disaster.
Dutch exporters have a head start on two counts.
Dutch farms cost four times what they do in Denmark.
Dutch farmers encounter animals.
Most dutch farmers encounter animals.
Some Dutch farmers prefer to continue working the land with their horses rather than tractors.
Dutch fascist are violent.
Dutch firms are also active in waste incineration.
Dutch food is fairly substantial with plenty of meats, cheeses and potatoes.
All Dutch games are sellouts and ticket demand is incredible.
Many Dutch gardeners like to force successive flowerings of hyacinths indoors in flowerpots.
Dutch gin is supposed to be drunk straight and icy cold.
Dutch glass seems to be sturdier then most other glasses.
Dutch gold is no gold at all, only copper and zinc and tin, rolled into foil.
Dutch growers hybridize anthuriums for disease resistance, new colors, and productivity.
Dutch healer offers free international pain relief service through photographs.
Dutch humor is subtle rather than slapstick.
Dutch hybrids are excellent cut flowers that are commonly sold by florists.
Dutch intruders penetrate DoD system prior to the Gulf War.
Dutch investigators claim that infection accounts for most pediatric headache in general practice.
Dutch iris are hybrids generally of xiphium and tingitana .
Dutch irises grow from bulbs.
Most dutch irises grow from bulbs.
Dutch journalists allege it was carrying weapons-grade plutonium as well.
Dutch language is added.
Dutch law permits possession of up to five grams of light drugs for personal consumption.
Dutch law requires a minimum coverage of two million guilders.
Dutch men have no sense of romance.
Dutch map ca.
Dutch market remains positive Dutch shares remained in positive territory throughout the morning.
Dutch metal see brass .
Dutch mice are normally cobby and smaller in body type.
Dutch moves are more limited, but sideways and upside down shooting is possible.
Dutch musicians come to America also.
Dutch mustard has a pleasant kick to it that livens up an otherwise mild cheese.
Some dutch naturalists invent microscopes.
Dutch negotiators tend to be persistent and tenacious.
Dutch organisations dominate the interactions and relationships with Malian counterparts.
Dutch oven boil a quartered chicken until the bones can be removed easily.
Dutch oven is a closed oven.
Dutch ovens are ovens.
Dutch ovens are perfect for any type of outdoor activity.
Dutch ovens are pots.
Dutch ovens are very common and are used to cook pan de campo and guisotes.
Dutch ovens come in a variety of sizes.
Dutch ovens have a flat bottom sitting of three short legs protruding about two inches.
Dutch ovens supply fresh baked biscuits, cakes, and cobblers.
Dutch paleontologists make discoveries.
Most dutch paleontologists make discoveries.
Dutch pastries are world famous.
Dutch pay is unusual in Korea.
Dutch people are ethnic groups.
Dutch people are friendly and there is no conspicuous racial discrimination.
Dutch people are nations.
Dutch people celebrate it.
Dutch people live and work in peace and contentment.
Dutch people travel the world and stick around, for a couple of years or for good.
All Dutch people expect to be treated as equals.
Many Dutch people are really crazy about it.
Many Dutch people speak English, and sometimes one or more additional foreign languages as well.
Many Dutch people speak some English.
Most Dutch people can speak English, which facilitates travel by non-Dutch speakers.
Most Dutch people lead independent, busy lives.
Most Dutch people speak English.
Some Dutch people speak dialects .
Some Dutch people speak dialects.
Dutch police have authority simply to seize the offending equipment after repeated offenses.
Dutch policy has strong provisions to combat acidification.
Dutch print is widescreen.
Dutch railways offers an online timetable service in English, which gives exact departure times.
Dutch railways offers an online timetable service in English.
Dutch regulations require a non-refundable administrative fee ranging between Glds.
Dutch researchers say the bigger the head, the smarter the person.
Some dutch researchers find children.
Some dutch researchers identify fungi.
Dutch roll is a coupling of roll and yaw oscillations that cause the nose to wander.
Dutch rule ends in Taiwan.
Some dutch sailors bring pigs.
Dutch scientists are behind one of the instruments on board .
Some dutch scientists use scenes.
Dutch service is unhurried and personal.
Dutch settlers stay in the area, under British control.
Dutch shops are relatively small in size.
Dutch skaters are very good all-round, but for the sprint there are only some Dutch skaters.
Dutch speakers have an immediate advantage.
All Dutch stations have a code, which is used by the Railway staff.
Dutch students have to take an exam at the end of course.
All Dutch students become such a ticket.
Dutch tables have no pockets.
Some dutch traders use crystal.
Dutch treat is the option of the person who is asked.
Dutch troops guard the ends of the streets with huge guns pointing outward.
Dutch tulips are the most common variety, and greenhouse tulips are the least expensive tulips.
Dutch TV reports Serb onlookers cheering and applauding after the 'copter went down.
Dutch understanding is vital.
Dutch version is also available.
Some Dutch vocabulary remains in contemporary usage throughout New York State.
Dutch volunteers enjoy their work a great deal.
Dutch voters reject the proposed European Constitution.
Dutch words appear on screen to help readers and to reinforce what they see and hear.
Dutch words is removed for some time.
Dutch yards are among the most productive in the world.
Dutch youngsters have their first sexual experience relatively late.
Dutiful children are the most likely to prosper.
Duty cycle determines the heat load of the radar.
Duty cycle is low, so the derating due to thermal problems is negligible.
Duty cycle is the ratio of average power to peak power.
Duty cycle refers to the ability of a device to operate at or near full power.
Duty ethics undermines reason.
Duty factor is simply the percent of the total cycle which a given foot is on the ground.
Duty station is Bangkok, Thailand.
Duty station is Colombo.
Duty station is Hannover, Germany.
A duty is social control
Duties also involve accompanying clients to hospital if needed, or providing referral services.
Duties also involve the preparation of project proposals and monitoring of project implementation.
Duties also involves keeping inventory of new or donated clothing.
Duties also provide an opportunity to meet new people, and to chat to members of other divisions.
Duties also require frequent walking, climbing, kneeling, squatting and bending.
Duties also vary by level of experience.
Duties also vary by the size of the print shop.
Duties alternate between office and field work.
Duties are a mixture of training, technical writing, and tool development.
Duties are ad valorem levied on the c.i.f. value of goods at point of entry.
Duties are administrative in nature.
Duties are all over the place.
Duties are as assigned and outlined in annual performance documents.
Duties are broad and cover major academic programs, academic personnel, and enrollment management.
Duties are compatible with a student's program of study and research.
Duties are compatible with the student's development and progress.
Duties are diverse, including studying law, surveying, and semiconductors.
Duties are divided according to time.
Duties are divided so that no one person has complete control over a key function or activity.
Duties are essential to the idea of morality.
Duties are evenly divided between the reservations office and working at the front desk or store.
Duties are flexible according to vision of applicant.
Duties are flexible based on the students' expertise and needs.
Duties are flexible depending on experience and interests.
Duties are generally routine, with no ongoing responsibility for office management tasks assigned.
Duties are generally specific to the contracting parties, but assignments can be transferred.
Duties are hierarchical.
Duties are high on goods imported in commercial quantities.
Duties are highly confidential in nature.
Duties are instructional in nature.
Duties are largely administrative, but allows for participation in teaching and research.
Duties are largely research and advisory in nature.
Duties are levied c.i.f. ad valorem.
Duties are light.
Duties are long and work pressures immense.
Duties are mainly back office oriented.
Duties are mainly beef and sheep stock tasks with some relief milking.
Duties are more emphasized than rights.
Duties are more important.
Duties are of a coordinating nature.
Duties are of a skilled and technical nature.
Duties are of semi-skilled, physical nature.
Duties are payable only on the portion of goods that enter into the Canadian economy.
Duties are performed by employees.
Duties are performed by grooms.
Duties are preventative and proactive in nature.
Duties are primarily clerical by nature.
Duties are primarily clinical.
Duties are primarily Kyrgyz to English translation.
Duties are regular weekend and fill-in shifts, production, remotes and more.
Duties are rehab support which focuses on a group of physically disabled individuals.
Duties are simply to count and record the weekly offering.
Duties are social control.
Duties are sometimes in heavy nature and require considerable physical activity.
Duties are taxes on the sale of luxury goods.
Duties are taxs.
Duties are technical or complex and involve a high degree of responsibility and judgment.
Duties are the component elements or actions assigned to a position.
Duties are the responsibility of the recipient.
Duties are the setting up of and running skiing events and competitions.
Duties are to acquire raw data and satellite images.
Duties are to be performed typically in school settings to include gym and recreational areas.
Duties are to commence as arranged.
Duties are to evaluate, prescribe, administer and monitor medications.
Duties are to inform all members of financial interest.
Duties are to list and market all new build properties within the development.
Duties are to prepare commercial and business documents, and assist in tax-related cases.
Duties are to provide a full range of rehabilitation services to students with disabilities.
Duties are to provide assistance to children using educational software for math and reading.
Duties are to research and prepare various court pleadings for criminal and personal injury cases.
Duties are to select recipients for the annual awards.
Duties are typically in one area of operation such as filing, office reception, or mail delivery.
Duties are typically parental, including household shopping, cooking, and dispensing medications.
Duties are usually regular and recurring.
Duties are varied and less routine and involve a moderate degree of responsibility and judgment.
Duties are varied and range from basic clerical to legislative contact.
Duties are varied and require independent judgment.
Duties are very light, hours are low, and the work is flexible.
Duties are work.
Duties assigned to any individual employee are at the discretion of the appointing authority.
Duties associated with individual research assistantships are specific to the laboratory.
Duties Assume the duties of the president when necessary.
Duties Attend bi-monthly evening parish conference meetings.
Duties Be punctual to the tutoring sessions.
Duties begin immediately.
Duties can also include assisting with the departmental computer systems.
Duties can also vary from dental office to office.
Duties can be flexible.
Duties can be project oriented or ongoing.
Duties can include errands, transportation, meal preparation, light housekeeping or yard work.
Duties can include preparing mailings, typing, data entry, filing, photo copying and more.
Duties can include simply sitting at one's bedside, or assisting with the phisical care.
Duties can range from data entry to writing and reporting, depending on skill level.
Duties can start immediately upon approval of candidate by the band board of directors.
Duties can vary, as can the physical demands of the assignments.
Duties change as needs change.
Duties consist mainly of greeting visitors and light office work.
Duties consist of a variety of library tasks including periodical cataloging and reference work.
Duties consist of administration and security of a variety of professional computer based tests.
Duties consist of an approximately equal mix of administration, teaching, and clinical work.
Duties consist of answering callers questions, providing information, referrals and support.
Duties consist of answering the phone, assisting clients who come in, and light office work.
Duties consist of cleaning public areas as well as planned maintenance activities.
Duties consist of cooking, some light cleaning and occasional laundry.
Duties consist of coordinating the recruitment, curriculum and supervision of residents.
Duties consist of judging the graduate student paper competition at the annual meeting.
Duties consist of keeping buffet line stocked, clearing tables, and assisting with general clean-up.
Duties consist of library searches, field work, laboratory experiments, and preparation of reports.
Duties consist of light housekeeping and child care.
Duties consist of painting, hanging wallpaper, hanging drywall and general building repair skills .
Duties consist of paper grading and tutoring.
Duties consist of personal care of patients and residents within the hospital setting.
Duties consist of reviewing papers for presentation at national meetings.
Duties consist of teaching three courses per semester.
Duties consist of teaching three courses per year and conducting original research.
Duties consist of teaching undergraduate classes during the academic year.
Duties consist of teaching undergraduate or graduate courses and conducting independent research.
Duties consist of the equivalent of four undergraduate courses per semester.
Duties consist of typing, filing, copying, collecting, and distributing mail.
Duties consist of undergraduate advising and teaching two undergraduate courses per semester.
Duties consist showing our customers how our products can provide solutions to their problems.
Duties cover the full scope of casework services for clients with a variety of needs.
Duties cross over to network management in the absence of a dedicated position for networks.
Duties depend entirely on the kind of skills displayed.
Duties depend on skills and experience.
Duties depend on the individuals served and the work settings.
Duties depend on the time of day during which the intern works.
Duties describe actual work performed.
Duties Determine the duties of each employee.
Duties Develop a plan for maximum community involvement and utilization of the access channels.
Duties Develop and maintain a database program for potential prospects.
Duties Develop programs and activities designed specifically for school heads.
Duties differ among federal agencies because they enforce different aspects of the law.
Duties do include basic shop maintenance and warehouse requirements.
Duties emphasize managing and scheduling work, and editing and approval of final products.
Duties emphasize written and oral communications, analysis and inetrepersonla skills and abilities.
Duties encompass a wide range of disciplinary and administrative functions.
Duties end compensation of defense counsel.
Duties end when guardianship proceedings conclude.
Duties Enforces the building code including all permit issuance, plan reviews, and inspections.
Duties entail assisting research managers to organize, plan, and conduct field experiments.
Duties entail establishing strategic relationships with key customers to increase sales volume.
Duties entail frequent interaction with delinquent taxpayers and their representatives.
Duties entail privileges to enforce.
Duties entail the design, teaching and oversight of a variety of courses and programs.
Duties Establish a weekly meeting time and place for students to meet for prayer.
Duties Establish control or oversight of academic eligibility decisions.
Duties far exceed plain monitoring.
Duties focus on the development, installation, and maintenance of computer services on campus.
Duties generally involve considerable latitude for independent action.
Duties generally involve different and unrelated processes and methods.
Duties generally involve many diverse and unrelated processes and methods.
Duties generally involve many diverse and unrelated processs and methods.
Duties generally involve related steps, processes or methods.
Duties generally involve some latitude for independent action.
Duties here are to hand out daylily material to new members and answer questions.
Duties i. Develop youth portion of local plan ii.
Duties imposed by law are tort obligations.
Duties imposed by social traditions differ from one place to another.
Duties imposed on statutory bodies and discretionary powers are of limited effectiveness.
Duties incl perform complete donor blood counts and component quality control.
Duties include coordinate schedules.
Duties include effects.
Duties include measurements.
Duties include rules.
Duties include schedules.
Duties include tasks.
Duties includes lawn and park maintenance.
Duties Incorporate new features and improvements to existing products.
Duties indlude figuring discounts on statements of Accounts, posting accounts, writing checks.
Duties involve a full range of employee training and development activities.
Duties involve a full range of recruitment and preemployment screening activities.
Duties involve a variety of related operations functions.
Duties involve advertising and fundraising.
Duties involve an average of six hours per week to be determined by the department.
Duties involve an element of personal danger due to the nature of law enforcement work.
Duties involve answering phones, filing and other paperwork as needed.
Duties involve assistance in the scheduling and oversight of work and functioning as lead worker.
Duties involve assisting a vigorous older lady who is a practicing physician.
Duties involve assisting the warehouse supervisor with all operations.
Duties involve both performing audits and assigning and monitoring audits by subordinates.
Duties involve both performing audits and or assigning and monitoring audits by subordinates.
Duties involve carrying and moving video equipment.
Duties involve cleaning office and restrooms in production shop environment.
Duties involve considerable amounts of travel.
Duties involve considerable daily student and faculty contact.
Duties involve considerable public contact with possibly disgruntled employers and employees.
Duties involve considerable travel and contact with local librarians and trustees.
Duties involve consultation and assistance to schools, community groups, and State agencies.
Duties involve coordination of the magazine's advertising program.
Duties involve counseling artists and authors on how best to profit from their artwork and writings.
Duties involve directing, planning and implementing the overall operation of the tennis program.
Duties involve effort.
Duties involve evening and possible weekend meetings.
Duties involve extensive interaction with inmates of correctional facilities.
Duties involve field work and include supervision and training of assigned lower level agents.
Duties involve film processing.
Duties involve financial planning, accounting, financial reporting and cost analysis.
Duties involve general cleaning of an assigned campus building or dormitory.
Duties involve grading assignments, conducting lab sessions.
Duties involve grading papers and English practice sessions.
Duties involve greeting, phones, and other basic office work as assigned.
Duties involve identifying barriers to employment and providing supportive services, as necessary.
Duties involve inspection and monitoring of work performed by construction contractors.
Duties involve inspection and monitoring work performed by construction contractors.
Duties involve instructing German at the elementary or intermediate level.
Duties involve interacting with physicians and patients during testing and data interpretation.
Duties involve interaction with company personnel and attorneys and the general public.
Duties involve interaction with company personnel and the general public.
Duties involve knowledge of data entry, computer programming and statistics.
Duties involve lecturing and guiding in labs, setting and evaluation of tests.
Duties involve lifting toddler and preschool aged children.
Duties involve lifting, climbing both fixed and portable ladders and cleaning stage equipment.
Duties involve lifting, diapering, and toileting children.
Duties involve making decisions related to work in the occupational field.
Duties involve management of contracts and grant agreements with external service providers.
Duties involve modifying and structuring the office to best suit the organization.
Duties involve operation of a variety of copying machines.
Duties involve operation of a wide variety of duplication equipment.
Duties involve oversight of all casework functions in the district office.
Duties involve photocopying, fax, shop sales and other general work.
Duties involve planning grants and related activities as they affect solid waste districts.
Duties involve planning, developing, and implementing fleet operations and maintenance programs.
Duties involve playtime and taking kids on trips.
Duties involve policy development, training, technical assistance and research.
Duties involve preparation of brochures, special events, and maintenance of resources material.
Duties involve processing mail and performing mail routes.
Duties involve proctoring exams for eligible students with disabilities.
Duties involve research and some teaching.
Duties involve research and teaching.
Duties involve responsibility for maintaining instrumental operation of the facility.
Duties involve routine and repetitive task.
Duties involve serving as the supervisor of a paralegal unit in a regional office.
Duties involve some evening hours.
Duties involve some travel and are performed in clinic settings.
Duties involve staff training and support and the dissemination of program information.
Duties involve strenuous physical activity under severe working conditions.
Duties involve supervision of a team of custodial students.
Duties involve supervision of maintenance and custodial personnel.
Duties involve teaching and research.
Duties involve teaching, research and other related activities associated with an academic position.
Duties involve technical assistance, grant administration, education and quality assurance.
Duties involve telecommunications drafting.
Duties involve the interpretation of medical and insurance records and information.
Duties involve the proper indexing and retrieval of information.
Duties involve the provision of assistance to families in identifying financial resources.
Duties involve the receipt, logging, counting and deposit of revenues on a daily basis.
Duties involve the supervision of audit team staff members as assigned.
Duties involve the supervision of staff members as assigned.
Duties involve the teaching of activity courses in the required physical education activity program.
Duties involve working on major energy projects and forensic consulting.
Duties involve working with the general public in person and over the phone.
Duties involve working with the general public in person and over the phones.
Duties involve, serving customers, cash handling, merchandiding and any other duties as required.
Duties keep rights from canceling each other out.
Duties mainly consist of assisting our patrons during performances.
Duties Maintain operant lab, supervise students, and collect data.
Duties Maintain the integrity of company routers, network design, and network monitoring.
Duties normally consist of routine patrol, preliminary investigation and traffic regulation.
Duties normally consist of supervised research work under the direction of a faculty member.
Duties normally require the development of solutions to diverse, complex and inter-related problems.
Duties Opens and closes lab in the evening and on weekends.
Duties performed are integral to the host organization.
Duties performed are of a first contact nature.
Duties performed are of a secretarial nature.
Duties performed are routine, repetitive and follow clearly prescribed standards.
Duties performed vary in difficulty, however, most are routine.
Duties primarily consist of helping lighting professionals around the world.
Duties primarily take place on weekdays but also on some weekends and evenings.
Duties Provide financial report at end of year stating money spent and how used.
Duties Provide specialist expertise for developing abalone fishery models.
Duties Provides administrative support to all department faculty that hold editorial appointments.
Duties Provides technical support for line and hangar Personnel.
Duties range from arresting criminals to patrolling highways.
Duties range from assisting in event planning to staffing activity stations during events.
Duties range from beginning sail training to race coaching, boat handling and maintenance.
Duties range from being a camera person to set construction.
Duties range from clerical to service and maintenance support positions.
Duties range from collecting tickets to assisting tour guides.
Duties range from crime prevention programs to investigative and uniform patrol duties.
Duties range from crime prevention programs to investigative and uniform patrols.
Duties range from ringing up sales, answering questions and stocking shelves.
Duties range from serving ice cream to feeding and milking cows.
Duties range from setting up stories to contacting city and government officials.
Duties range from the front doors to the stage curtain.
Duties range from traffic enforcement to misdemeanor arrests and felony or domestic calls.
Duties relate to payroll, bookkeeping, spreadsheets and circulation of materials.
Duties related to the above functions are equivalent to the employee's other regular duties.
Duties remain as duties even when the going is difficult.
Duties represent the principal tax levied on goods imported into Canada.
Duties req uire some computer and good people skills.
Duties require analysis, coordination and organization of a variety of elements.
Duties require arranging complex international travel.
Duties require basic clerical skills, a knowledge of data entry, and general bookkeeping.
Duties require considerable initiative and planning skills, and independent judgement.
Duties require considerable public contact, occasionally under stressful conditions.
Duties require considerable technical competence in computer systems support programming.
Duties require creativity and complex problem solving skills.
Duties require detail oriented individual.
Duties require effective verbal, writing, and telecommunications skills.
Duties require exam construction, and student grade evaluations.
Duties require exposure to extreme outdoor weather.
Duties require exposure to noxious chemicals, pesticides, gases, and or smoke.
Duties require exposure to paint fumes and chemicals.
Duties require frequent interaction by phone, mail, or in person, with delinquent taxpayers.
Duties require good physical health and emotional stability.
Duties require judgement based on knowledge gained through experience.
Duties require knowledge and skill in the use of tools and test equipment.
Duties require lifting and dragging of animal carcasses and other heavy objects.
Duties require proficiency in both the Spanish and English languages.
Duties require some exposure to hazardous materials and wastes.
Duties require specialized training in methods and techniques of protecting security areas.
Duties require team teaching with japanese teacher.
Duties require the ability to work in extreme outdoor weather conditions.
Duties require the exercise of considerable independent judgement in adjudicating cases.
Duties require the extensive coordination of public and private hunger prevention efforts.
Duties require the physical ability to operate personal computing equipment.
Duties require the routine driving and maintenance of vehicles and use of radio communications.
Duties require travel between work sites.
Duties require working in extreme outdoor weather conditions.
Duties require working with microcomputers in a networked environment.
Duties rotate daily.
Duties routinely require a high level of initiative and independent judgment.
Duties Scan the field to identify emerging issues.
Duties Serves as senior bi-lingual simultaneous and consecutive interpreter.
Duties specify the price that has to be paid for the rights accorded.
Duties supersede duties based on common law.
Duties Teach a broad range of courses in literature, critical theory, and writing.
Duties Teach undergraduate and graduate courses in the graphics field.
Duties tend to be routine and physically undemanding.
Duties U nderstanding the business goals, strategies, directions and requirements of our company.
Duties U nderstanding the business processes of our company.
Duties vary according to department.
Duties vary according to event.
Duties vary according to product.
Duties vary according to shift assignment and shifts subject to change.
Duties vary according to the event.
Duties vary according to the nature of the project and the faculty member's requirements.
Duties vary according to the product.
Duties vary as techniques in immediate use change with demands of the research.
Duties vary by department.
Duties vary by industry setting.
Duties vary by the good that is exported.
Duties vary by the size of the company.
Duties vary by work area, but include bartending, office work, and customer service.
Duties vary considerably.
Duties vary daily and give each volunteer an inside look at the PCPA operations.
Duties vary depending on assigned hours.
Duties vary depending on department.
Duties vary depending on the expertise and experience of individual interns.
Duties vary depending on the office in which the student works.
Duties vary depending on the office.
Duties vary depending on the product.
Duties vary depending on the project.
Duties vary depending on volunteer's interests.
Duties vary depending upon the work environment.
Duties vary from awarding t-shirts to donors, to serving snacks and hanging banners.
Duties vary from designer to designer.
Duties vary from indexing, filing, shelving, or assisting patrons.
Duties vary from position to position.
Duties vary from public services assistance to technical processing.
Duties vary from site to site depending on the types of habitats present and services available.
Duties vary from station to station but are always demanding and always ever-changing.
Duties vary from station to station.
Duties vary greatly depending on the size of the post and the particular position.
Duties vary greatly depending on what particular field of exercise one decides to go into.
Duties vary greatly, depending on the location.
Duties vary in nature as business dictates.
Duties vary significantly depending upon the office in which a clerk works.
Duties vary somewhat, but frequently entail leading discussion sections in undergraduate courses.
Duties vary widely and can reflect individual interests.
Duties vary with job.
Duties vary with position.
Duties vary with project assignments and the student's own interests.
Duties vary with specific job chosen.
Duties vary with the needs of each patient.
Duties vary with the size and type of the business.
Duties vary with the type of service provided by the restaurant.
Duties vary with the type of vehicle operated.
Duties vary, and range from opening the gates on weekends, to park maintenance.
Duties vary, but all require accuracy in detail work.
Duties vary, depending on the needs of the employer.
Duties vary, depending on the project.
Duties vary, depending on where the imports originate.
Duties Work as part of a team to source employee benefit providers and HR-related services.
Duty acts under constraint, love is spontaneous and therefore gracious.
Duty alone is sufficient, without a formal engagement.
Duty alone pushes Stanmore to bring the boy back.
Duty becomes dharma when it shines with the virtues that make up the facets of dharma .
Duty calls in the real world.
Duty calls the sailor away from leisure today.
Duty calls to move again.
Duty can be a delight if seen as a divine opportunity.
Duty can be a very unpleasant surprise.
Duty comes first, and pleasure next.
Duty comes first.
Duty consists of obeying the laws and regulations that make up our service and moral obligations.
Duty draw back arrangements.
Duty gather Intention beyond error beside none discount golf stores whether hung around either love.
Duty gather Intention beyond error beside none yonex racquets whether hung around either love.
Duty hangs up, considers the facts.
Duty is always a question of law, which means that the judge decides it.
Duty is due when the equipment goes into use for production activity.
Duty is in support of operational missions or duty is service in support of mobilized forces.
Duty isa activity.
Duty limits comparison of non-aviation transportation professions.
Duty obeys the rules, but love grasps opportunities.
Duty pardon most Telecommunication merger near tire.
Duty presupposes freedom.
Duty soon calls, and West is out kicking butt buck-naked.
Duty survives termination of agency relationship.
Duty varies on alcoholic beverages.
Duties frequently require evening, weekend, and other irregular hours.
Duties frequently require evening, weekend, or other irregular hours.
Duties frequently require hours outside of the normally scheduled work day or week.
Duties often encompass management of the drilling operations as well as geological interpretation.
Duties often involve the operation of standard office equipment.
Duties usually consist of teaching elementary laboratory sections.
Duties usually cover a variety of program areas.
All duties are essential.
All duties involve access and use of confidential information.
All duties involve working with microcomputers in a networked environment.
Any duties are the responsibility of the buyer.
Every duty is a charge, but the charge of oneself is the root of all others.
Many duties require an intern to attend evening committee meetings and floor sessions.
Many duties require good manual dexterity so they enjoy working with their hands.
Most duties are ad valorem although a few items still bear specific duties.
Most duties are ad valorem and are assessed on CIF value.
Most duties are applied ad valorem.
Most duties are performed by employees.
Most duties are performed by grooms.
Most duties are Volunteer.
Most duties begin with election or appointment at or immediately after the annual conference.
Most duties involve effort.
Some duties are ad valorem, which means based on a percentage of the value of the imported item.
Some duties are administrative in nature, others are judicial and some are legislative in character.
Some duties are more important and done more often than others.
Some duties are performed by owners.
Some duties are platoon or section specific.
Some duties draw attention.
Some duties includes assembling, packaging and world-wide distribution of a variety of products.
Some duties involve working in isolation.
Some duties relate to exchanges.
Some duties relate to gas exchanges.
Some duties require a significant level of physical exertion.
Duval schools operate under a tenure system that gives teachers more protection.
Duvet covers are an inexpensive way to do so.
Duvet covers are bedding.
Duvet covers are easy to remove and launder - a real plus for allergy sufferers in particular.
Duvet covers are envelopes of fabric that button, tie or close over the duvet.
Duvet covers are located in beds.
Duvet covers are located in houses.
Duvet covers are used for bedding.
Duvet covers have button closure.
A duvet is a quilt
Duvet covers come with button closures.
Duvet covers, comforters and shams, dry clean only.
Duvet covers, pillowcases, bath towels, hand towels and tea towels are available for hire.
Duvet isa quilt.
Duvets are available on request.
Duvets are bedding.
Duvets are comforters.
Duvets are great for children s beds.
Duvets are located in bedrooms.
Duvets are located in beds.
Duvets are located in living rooms.
Duvets are made of cotton.
Duvets are on all beds and bed linen is supplied.
Duvets are used for sleep.
Duvets are used for sleeping.
Duvets can also make the baby too hot.
Duvets come detailed with ties or buttons and heavy piping.
Duvets have (part) sections.
All duvets are first quality and have either button or tie closures.
Every duvet contains thousands of tiny soft balls of pure wool called knops.
Duwamish infrastructure has some major assets and liabilities.
DVC resorts are very appealing.
Some dwarf antelopes belong to families.
Dwarf azaleas benefit from pruning by improving flower clusters and shape.
Dwarf azaleas work fine for rock gardens or low shrub ground covers.
Dwarf birch occupies the drier sites associated with well drained soils.
Dwarf buffalo is a herbivore animal that plant-eating animals.
Dwarf buffalo is also better known as the dwarf buffalo.
Dwarf bush produces medium-sized fruits with thick walls and good disease resistance.
Dwarf caiman are the smallest living member of the alligator and crocodile family.
Dwarf caimans are amongst the most remarkable of all crocodilian species.
Dwarf cassowaries feed on fleshy fruit.
Dwarf cassowaries feed on fruit.
Dwarf cassowaries make sound.
Most dwarf cassowaries feed on fleshy fruit.
Most dwarf cassowaries feed on fruit.
Most dwarf cassowaries make sound.
Dwarf cichlids are fine.
Dwarf clover uses energy.
Most dwarf clover uses energy.
Dwarf corn seems to be less susceptible to corn borer infestation than tall corn.
Dwarf Crocodile eat mainly fish, but they also eat frogs, birds, small mammals.
Dwarf crocodiles have prominent, dark brown eyes as juveniles.
Dwarf fireweed is found along streams, sandbars, and lakeshores and on alpine and arctic slopes.
Dwarf frogs are very easy to take care of once they've become used to their new home.
Dwarf galagos occur in regions.
Most dwarf galagos occur in regions.
Dwarf galaxies are small, dim galaxies that contain many fewer stars than our Milky Way.
Dwarf galaxies contain so few stars that an observer can see right through their center.
Dwarf galaxies continue to confound astronomers.
Dwarf galaxies exist in all sizes and shapes, except spiral.
Dwarf hamsters are a good choice, as they are more social with each other.
Dwarf hamsters are about half the size of golden hamsters.
Dwarf hamsters are gregarious, and are more people oriented than their Syrian relatives.
Dwarf hamsters are hamsters.
Dwarf hamsters are much more sociable than the more common Syrian hamster.
Dwarf hamsters are native to the wilds of Mongolia.
Dwarf hamsters are quite clean.
Dwarf hamsters are susceptible to cold viruses just like humans.
Dwarf hamsters are the smaller variety of hamsters, and they are known for being more sociable.
Dwarf hamsters are very friendly, much more so than Syrian hamsters.
Dwarf hamsters have a plumb body, expandable cheek pouches and large eyes.
Dwarf hamsters have growth.
Dwarf hamsters have metabolism.
Dwarf hamsters need diets.
Dwarf hamsters need proteins.
Dwarf hamsters need special diets.
Most dwarf hamsters have growth.
Most dwarf hamsters have metabolism.
Some dwarf hamsters develop conditions.
Some dwarf hamsters eat meat.
Some dwarf hamsters eat several different meat.
Some dwarf hamsters reach maturity.
Some dwarf hamsters reach sexual maturity.
Dwarf iris is relatively rare in Arkansas, New York, Pennsylvania, and Maryland.
Dwarf lemurs are small nocturnal lemurs that feed on fruit, flowers, young leaves and insects.
Dwarf lemurs live two to three times longer than similar-sized animals.
Some dwarf lemurs enter states.
Some dwarf lemurs go into states.
Dwarf mistletoe is a parasite that causes the erratic growth of branches.
Dwarf mistletoe is a parasitic plant that can infest many evergreen trees.
Dwarf mistletoe is the major disease of pines in the Rocky Mountains.
Dwarf mistletoe reduces basal area growth of ponderosa pine in the Southwest.
Dwarf mistletoe takes some management, including the possible removal of infected trees.
Dwarf mistletoes are more severe where fire has been suppressed.
Dwarf mistletoes are obligate parasites.
Dwarf mistletoes extract most of their carbohydrate requirements from host trees.
Dwarf mistletoes grow into the bark and phloem of the tree.
Dwarf mistletoes parasitize conifer trees.
Dwarf mistletoes tend to be host specific.
Some dwarf mistletoes have chlorophyll.
Dwarf mongeese occupy regions.
Dwarf mongooses are diurnal, and are up and out of their burrows with the sun.
Dwarf mongooses have a long slender body and a furry tail that is almost equal to body length.
Dwarf mongooses have good eyesight and are active during the day.
Dwarf mongooses show synchronous estrous but only the dominant female regularly gives birth.
Dwarf plants have a dense, bushy habit producing numerous flower spikes.
Dwarf plants have flowers.
Dwarf plants have snapdragon flowers.
Dwarf plants occur in several ways.
Dwarf plants survive cold much better than the filaments.
Most dwarf plants are adaptable to planter boxes and tub plantings, or in restricted areas.
Most dwarf plants have flowers.
Most dwarf plants have snapdragon flowers.
Dwarf rabbits are relatively intelligent, can be litter trained, and enjoy a family environment.
Dwarf rabbits are some of the most preferred pets, next to dogs and cats.
Dwarf Rabbits make wonderful pets for children.
Dwarf raspberries have compounds.
Dwarf seahorses are extremely popular in the aquarium trade because of their small size.
Dwarf seahorses are small.
Dwarf shrubs are ideal for energy-efficient landscaping because they are small.
Dwarf sperm whales grow to feet.
Dwarf stars come in many different colors.
Some dwarf stars are smaller than the Earth.
Dwarf tree produces year round.
Dwarf trees are best for small garden spaces.
Dwarf trees are diminutive and shrub-like, reaching four feet or so at maturity.
Dwarf trees are very popular for use in the home grounds.
Dwarf trees bear sooner and are also easier to prune and harvest fruit from.
Dwarf trees begin to bear earlier than the larger, standard trees.
Dwarf trees can be an excellent way to create a landscape with a big look.
Dwarf trees can create the image of a much larger garden.
Dwarf trees produce fruit of the same size, color and quality as larger standard tree.
Most Dwarf units are very similar, and do the same sort of thing - lots of skilled, tough warriors.
A dwarf willow is a willow
Dwarf willow grows here in abundance on the cliff edge, and purple rhododendron is common.
Dwarf willows are abundant.
A dwarf is a person
Dwarf can also symbolize forgetfulness, heedlessness, blindness.
Dwarf is a meaning of child.
Dwarf is a moderator here.
Dwarf is like the fighter, only slower but more powerful.
Dwarf is slower but does a lot more damage and can take more hits.
Dwarf isa individual.
Dwarf isa person.
Dwarf isa somebody.
Dwarf isa someone.
Dwarfs are excellent for edging walkways, flower beds and borders.
Dwarfs are generally quite tolerant.
Dwarfs are humans.
Dwarfs are organisms.
Dwarfs are people.
Dwarfs are proud and very short-tempered.
Dwarfs are useful where a small tree is needed.
Dwarfs have (part) arms.
Dwarfs have (part) body substances.
Dwarfs have (part) cell membranes.
Dwarfs have (part) cells.
Dwarfs have (part) corpi.
Dwarfs have (part) cytoplasm.
Dwarfs have (part) heads.
Dwarfs have (part) human bodies.
Dwarfs have (part) legs.
Dwarfs have (part) material bodies.
Dwarfs have (part) necks.
Dwarfs have (part) nuclei.
Dwarfs have (part) personality.
Dwarfs have (part) plasma membranes.
Dwarfs have (part) sections.
Dwarfs have (part) vacuoles.
Dwarfs have faces.
Dwarfs have mass.
Dwarfs have metabolism.
Dwarfs have radii.
Dwarfs have the reputation to be very stingy.
Dwarfs have years.
Dwarfs remain dwarfs.
Dwarfs remain white dwarfs.
Dwarfs seem to be a bit more laid back and milder mannered.
Dwarfs seem to be more dog-like.
Dwarfs tend to squabble a bit from time to time making a lot of noise.
Dwarfs undergo remarkable transformation.
Dwarfs undergo transformation.
Dwarves also have good infravision because they live underground in tunnels and dungeons.
Dwarves are a sturdy race that donna seem to think working hard and overtime is a bad thing.
Dwarves are a warrior race and are good blacksmiths.
Dwarves are aligned with all kinds of organizations and associations.
Dwarves are as congenial as they get towards humans.
Dwarves are bipeds and measure about four to five feet in height.
Dwarves are bred to have the length of body and structure, in proportion, of a dairy goat.
Dwarves are by no means charming with their lude mannerisms and their bearded woman.
Dwarves are dark-featured.
Dwarves are extremely sensitive to sunlight, and can burn after three minutes in the sun.
Dwarves are famous metalsmiths.
Dwarves are far more likely to be lawyers, engineers and other white-collar sorts.
Dwarves are good at mining and smithcraft.
Dwarves are healther than most other races and heal quicker because of it.
Dwarves are irritable.
Dwarves are lousy shots, but sometimes, unfortunately, they can get lucky.
Dwarves are non-magical creatures.
Dwarves are okay to play the dwarves, though.
Dwarves are pony-riding hordes bent on world conquest.
Dwarves are practical in their ways.
Dwarves are short but strong, and take great pride in friendships, beer and beards.
Dwarves are short, scruffy, and enjoy their liquor.
Dwarves are short, stocky demi-humans, known for foul temper and great stamina.
Dwarves are short, stocky, and somewhat coarse of appearance.
Dwarves are sturdy fellows, but they're pricy.
Dwarves are tough and strong and are skilled in physical combat.
Dwarves are very competent warriors, although reluctant to be roused into battle.
Dwarves are very straightforward and honest.
Dwarves automatically attempt to resist all spells whether they are beneficial or harmful.
Dwarves can be clerics , paladins , rogues , and warriors .
Dwarves disapprove greatly of sorcery, and thus have a long-standing enmity with the elvish folk.
Dwarves dislike elves but are respectful to humans and gnomes.
Dwarves exhibit no magical powers save in their crafts.
Dwarves have a connection to the earth.
Dwarves have a long-standing love for, and uncanny ability to tolerate, liquor.
Dwarves have high strength and constitution, but poor dexterity.
Dwarves have many abilities.
Dwarves have no problems telling each other apart, however.
Dwarves have parties here.
Dwarves look like small humans, but are less proportional than elves.
Dwarves love gold.
Dwarves make better fighters than mages, and have a long history of fighting.
Dwarves make excellent fighters and clerics, but are very poor mages or thieves.
Dwarves naturally love gems and precious metals especially gold and enjoy drinking ale and mead.
Dwarves pride themselves in their heavy beards which they often braid into thick ropes.
Dwarves tend to be dour and taciturn.
Dwarves tend to be short, stocky and bearded, and dour expressions are their mood of choice.
Dwarves treat seating as one level better.
Dwarves worship the god atom ant.
Dwarves often give themselves a last name based upon their habits.
All dwarves seem to.
All Dwarves wear beards, even from birth.
Most dwarfs have faces.
Most dwarfs have mass.
Most dwarfs have metabolism.
Most dwarfs have radii.
Most dwarfs have years.
Most dwarfs remain white dwarfs.
Most dwarves have beards, even dwarven women.
Some dwarf tapeworms infect humans.
Some dwarfs are shy others are outgoing.
Some dwarfs go through phases.
Some dwarves prefer other elements, like nature, water, or shadow.
Dwarfed leaves are usually mottled light green and yellow.
Dwarfed pear is often short lived.
Dwarfed plants grow tight to the ground, firmly anchored in crevices.
Dwarfish people get more admirable by the minute.
Dwarfism is a disease
Dwarfism is on the cusp between disability and trait.
Dwarfism occurs in places other than where the forest is undercut.
Dwarfs goats are very social creatures.
All dwarfs have beards and wear up to twelve layers of clothing.
Some dwarfs become black dwarfs.
Some dwarfs have claws.
Some dwarfs have flowers.
Dwarven clerics are good for several reasons.
Dwarven personalities are often very stern and tough.
Dwarven songs are dirgelike.
Dwarven women are among the harriest females in the land.
All DWBC work is done by volunteers.
Some dwell polychaetes belong to families.
Dwell time can vary from two seconds to four, depending on card thickness, coating, etc.
A dweller is a person
Dweller isa individual.
Dweller isa person.
Dweller isa somebody.
Dweller isa someone.
Dwellers are content with staying on top of the dung pat to lay their eggs and raise the young.
Dwellers come in all shapes and sizes.
Dwellers exploring the Wasteland can discover locations.
Dwellers have (part) arms.
Dwellers have (part) body substances.
Dwellers have (part) cell membranes.
Dwellers have (part) cells.
Dwellers have (part) corpi.
Dwellers have (part) cytoplasm.
Dwellers have (part) heads.
Dwellers have (part) human bodies.
Dwellers have (part) legs.
Dwellers have (part) material bodies.
Dwellers have (part) necks.
Dwellers have (part) nuclei.
Dwellers have (part) personality.
Dwellers have (part) plasma membranes.
Dwellers have (part) sections.
Dwellers have (part) vacuoles.
Dwellers have activities.
Dwellers have food.
Dwellers have to survive attacks purely through fist-fights.
Dwellers have toes.
Dwellers inhabit habitats.
Dwellers inhabit terrestrial habitats.
Dwellers inhabit tropical habitats.
Dwellers live in cities.
Dwellers live in dung.
Dwellers require water.
Dwellers use methods.
Dwellers walk diagonally through walls and ceilings.
Most dwellers have activities.
Most dwellers have food.
Most dwellers have toes.
Most dwellers inhabit habitats.
Most dwellers inhabit terrestrial habitats.
Most dwellers inhabit tropical habitats.
Most dwellers live in cities.
Most dwellers require water.
Most dwellers use methods.
Some dwellers are happier out on the road than they are stuck in a vault.
Some dwellers eat aquatic plants.
Some dwellers eat plants.
Some dwellers enjoy beauty.
Some dwellers feed on fish.
Some dwellers find bottoms.
Some dwellers find damage.
Some dwellers find significant damage.
Some dwellers gain levels.
Some dwellers get treatments.
Some dwellers have bases.
Some dwellers have rats.
Some dwellers have worms.
Some dwellers know gingkoes.
Some dwellers know symptoms.
Some dwellers live in environments.
Some dwellers lose health.
Some dwellers seek protection.
Some dwellers serve purposes.
Some dwellers use animals.
A dwelling is a housing
Dwelling includes both the building or structure and the land upon which it is located.
Dwelling is bad.
Dwelling is different than constructive thought.
Dwelling is extant.
Dwelling needs distances from all property lines indicated on plat.
Dwelling preserves the fourfold by bringing the essence of the fourfold into things.
Dwelling stirs up very powerful emotions.
Dwelling therefore implies something more than 'shelter.
Dwellings advertised are available on an equal opportunity basis.
Dwellings are generally single-family structures of three or four rooms.
Dwellings are housing.
Dwellings are neighborly.
Dwellings are small, portable and flexible.
Dwellings built on stilts, pilings or poles are ineligible.
Dwellings clinging to the hillsides look very susceptible to landslides.
Dwellings have large rooms.
All dwellings advertised are available on an equal opportunity basis.
All dwellings advertised here are on an equal opportunity basis.
All dwellings are earthen walled with wood siding, and many have thatched roofs.
Any dwelling has house rules.
Many dwellings have no power, heat, or water.
Most dwellings are small and cramped, crowding numerous family members into a few small rooms.
Most dwellings are subject to the council tax.
Some dwellings boast porches and garden fronts.
Some dwellings have roofs of coconut fronds, others are of galvanized iron.
DXF translation can take large amounts of memory.
Dies is always masculine in the plural and frequently so in the singular.
Dies is deine Tag.
Dies pull straight out for cleaning and inspection without changing swage adjustments.
All dies listed are the large size, except where noted.
Many dies are available, including numbers, letters, and shapes.
A dyad is a two
Dyads adjust disrupted impressions through conversation.
Dyads analyze ads.
Dyads are acceptable and encouraged.
Dyads are interactions where one works on their question while the other listens.
Dyads are useful early in a course because they provide peer support and act as icebreakers.
Dyads can be as short as one minute or as long as the participants want.
Dyads choose topic and begin making rough draft using reference books about the desert.
Dyads create public service messages.
Dyads create skits showing how to get help in emergency situations.
Dyads practice first-aid techniques.
Dyads practice listening skills.
Dyads practice using the steps to avoid weapons.
Dyadic discussions makes self schemes similar.
Dyadic reciprocity implies a correlation between relationship effects.
Dyadic treatment is mutual and interactive conjoint treatment.
Dyanmic equivalence is the opposite approach.
Dyanmic fonts are one of the latest developments in HTML design.
Dye lasers are particularly well suited for applications in which a precise color is required.
Dye lasers employ an active material in a liquid suspension.
Dye lasers use an organic dye as the gain medium.
Dye lasers use liquid organic dyes.
Dye lots are subject to change.
Dye sublimation is effective for fashion, architecture and display industries.
Dye sublimation is somewhat limited in application.
Dye transfer can occur in both expensive and inexpensive items.
Dye acts as a diuretic.
Dye alternitives There are as many ways to make candles as there are ideas.
Dye begins by telling each new shooter the three most important rules.
Dye binding methods measure total protein but lack specificity for albumin.
Dye changes color.
Dye comes in liquid form that is highly concentrated.
Dye confirms fistula origin in posterior midline.
Dye contains alcohol that removes moisture from the leather when applied.
Dye contains chemicals.
Dye contains nasty chemicals.
Dye flows without obstruction into the duodenum.
Dye has color.
Dye has great quality.
Dye has quality.
Dye inks work best on coated stock or papers with a hard surface because they are fast-drying.
Dye inks work very well with more porous sponges than the cosmetic sponge.
Dye is colour
Dye is mixture.
Dye isa material.
Dye isa stuff.
Dye lives in California.
Dye starts to deteriorate and evaporate, almost immediately.
Dye steps back into position.
Dye sub full color overheads are the highest quality transparencies possible from computer files.
Dye works alongside the river.
Dye works as well for water trapping or land trapping, including canines.
Dyes also fade over time, especially in direct sunlight.
Dyes also work around similar conjugated centers, although dye chemistry is much more complex.
Dyes are a solution and are smaller than pigments on the molecular level.
Dyes are added while the product is wet, so the color runs all the way through.
Dyes are also available commercially.
Dyes are also available.
Dyes are also quite expensive, and sometimes difficult to get.
Dyes are arguably better than pigments, which really take up a lot of space.
Dyes are available in both liquid and powder form.
Dyes are available in powder, blocks, chips, flakes, and liquid.
Dyes are difficult and dirty and there's no two ways about it.
Dyes are easily combustible and can be used throughout the candle.
Dyes are low-impact and nontoxic.
Dyes are manufactured as powders , granules , liquids or other special purpose forms .
Dyes are manufactured as powders, granules, liquids or other special purpose forms.
Dyes are non-toxic and odourless.
Dyes are organic compounds that have affinity for specific cellular material and increase contrast.
Dyes are organic compounds with absorbances in the visible range.
Dyes are placed in dog food for the benefit of the person serving the food.
Dyes are sensitive to pH and temperatures when being applied.
Dyes are soluble in some type of a solvent.
Dyes are useful tracers to stain the flow pathways of water and solutes in the vadose zone.
Dyes are usually organic substances that actually change the color of fabrics.
Dyes are water soluble and packaged as a powder concentrate.
Dyes can also grab light on paper .
Dyes can bleed and detergents have a harder time dissolving because there's less water.
Dyes can identify parts that have been coated and improve their appearance.
Dyes containing anthraquinone unit belong to mordant, disperse and vat dyes.
Dyes convert green light to red light which can be used by plants.
Dyes highlight the fingerprint.
Dyes improve contrast by selectively staining certain parts of the specimen.
Dyes merge to create the color instead of being layered on top of one another.
Dyes mix by what is known as the subtractive mixing process .
Dyes probably result in poorer water quality throughout the growing season.
Dyes remain water sensitive when dry.
Dyes require a mordant to set the color.
Dyes run akimbo.
Dyes run slowly.
Dyes transfer from wall coverings and rugs.
Dyes used in certain diagnostic X-ray tests are the most common cause.
Dyes usually have specific chemistry for use with very specific materials.
All dyes come from natural plant sources or minerals.
All dyes fade.
All dyes used are colorfast.
Many dyes used as lasing medium are toxic, carcinogenic, corrosive or pose a fire hazard.
Most dye changes color.
Most dye contains chemicals.
Most dye contains nasty chemicals.
Most dye has color.
Most dye has great quality.
Most dye has quality.
Most dyes require a half hour of simmering for a nice color.
Most dyes seem to present environmental risks.
Most dyes used in dye lasers are fluorescent organic compounds.
Some dye causes eye injuries.
Some dye causes injuries.
Some dye comes from petals.
Some dye replaces dye.
Some dye replaces natural dye.
Some dye requires hot water.
Some dye requires water.
Some dyes bleed in drycleaning.
Some dyes bleed in laundering.
Some dyes can also cause severe skin reactions.
Some dyes can cause similar allergic skin reactions.
Some dyes change color on exposure to combustion gases present in the air.
Some dyes stain the skin and clothing and certain chemicals can make holes in clothing.
Some dyes take better on raw eggs, while others work better with hard-boiled.
Some dyes tend to fade over time while others remain vibrant for a long period.
Some dyes used for toilet paper are difficult for bacteria to break down.
Dyeable polypropylene is a big challenge to all the polymer and textile chemists for many decades.
Dyed colors are natural earth tones.
Dyed curls are available in champagne blond, golden blond, red, brown, black or silver.
Dyed flags are light weight, colorfast, and have a soft hand.
Dyed flags are lightweight, colorfast and have soft hand.
Dyed meshes minimize light scatter and provide better resolution at shorter exposure times.
Dyed products can lead to various handcraft projects, such as basic stitchery.
Dyed reed is used to create flowers, stems and leaves.
Dyed wood is mostly carbon.
Dyer County is on the western edge of Tennessee.
Dyer Island is one of the best places in the world to see great whites.
Dyer Island lies five nautical miles off the coast.
A dyer is a skilled worker
Dyer delivers dynamic techniques for dealing with other people and avoidingvictimization.
Dyer grasps a teachable moment.
Dyer knows first-hand the effects cancer can have on family members.
Dyer shows how to cope with the negative and contribute to the positive.
Dyer works numerous soccer clinics and camps during the summer months.
Dyer writes well and thoughtfully.
Dyers are skilled workers.
Dyers are women, but embroideres men.
Dyers change the color of fabrics.
Dyers do it till they're exhausted.
Dyers use any available space for drying their fabrics.
Most dyers use enamel pots.
Some dyers seek crackle, freezing and crumpling the cloth to make more.
A dyestuff is colour
Dyestuffs are easy to attain.
Dying  fear.
Dying  pain.
Dying  rinsings.
Dying  sickness.
Dying  unconsciousness.
Dying are used for meeting makers.
Dying are used for mortals.
Dying cause death.
Dying cause decayings.
Dying cause funerals.
Dying cause grief.
Dying cause pain.
Dying cause relief.
Dying cause sadness.
More dyke access makes it tougher for agriculture.
A dyke is a barrier
Dykes are cheap.
Dykes are maybe more the political, radical queers as opposed to lesbians.
Dykes demonstrates in that paper that almost realcompact spaces are c-realcompact.
Dykes discusses bowl bid.
Dykes discusses ways to motivate the team.
Dykes divide the wetland into ten units.
Dykes encourages anyone interested in the project to attend the meetings.
Dykes goes out boozing and debauching one night, and wakes up the next morning a chimpanzee.
Dykes has a knack for coaching record-setting receivers.
Dykes has plenty of help.
Dykes is black.
Dykes is in custody on a parole-violation charge.
Dykes is right.
Dykes provide an important habitat for lichens, mosses, ferns and flowering plants.
Dykes speaks of developing consistency week to week.
Dykes thinks that a business education is very important for women.
Dykes understands that the ebb and flow of fan and media opinion goes with the territory.
Some dykes are like that.
Dymag wheels are then chromate dipped, giving the classic gray color and sealing the wheel.
Dymag wheels are then dye penetrant tested again.
Dymag wheels are then dye penetrant tested.
Dymag wheels are then leak tested.
Dynamate potassium is essential for maximum activity of the rumen microbial population.
Dynamate sulfur is utilized by rumen bacteria to produce essential amino acids.
Dynamatic controllers are capable of remote mounting for drives mounted in hard to get at locations.
Dynamc range is extremely limited, and hiss is consistently present.
Dynamic acceleration is based on payload, so cycle time is reduced.
Dynamic action captivates the child's imagination and varying challenges keep the program fun.
Dynamic action is key.
Dynamic activation is controlled by bundle bandwidth.
Dynamic activities go on there all the time.
Dynamic adaptation seem an attractive option.
Dynamic addresses work from most buildings on campus.
Dynamic adjustment maintains preset performance at any depth.
Dynamic adventure combines outlandish humor, visual tension and political issues.
Dynamic agents can carry, switch and exchange interpreters.
Dynamic allocation allows a network to make the maximum use of a limited set of addresses.
Dynamic allocation allows efficient use of the bandwidth and hence efficient system performance.
Dynamic allocation insures flexibility and eliminates waste.
Dynamic allocation is the way to go.
Dynamic allocation using pointers is discussed in a section of the next chapter.
All dynamic allocation uses the the built-in new operator.
Dynamic analysis has several advantages over other approaches.
Dynamic analysis includes linear modal and nonlinear transient analysis with multibody contact.
Dynamic analysis requires an executable binary file.
Dynamic array is referenced in the statement.
Dynamic arrays are another section.
Dynamic arrays are possible in Algol.
Dynamic arrays are tables with a fixed number of columns but a variable number of rows.
Dynamic arrays provide the means to write a general program for any size of array.
Dynamic atomism is a half measure.
Dynamic balance involves the same process except spinning the flywheel on a machine.
Dynamic balance is equilibrium while in motion.
Dynamic balance is equilibrium
Dynamic balance is equilibrium.
Dynamic balance is provided through the three semicircular canals.
Dynamic balance is usually asymmetrical and is characterized by a feeling of movement and activity.
Dynamic bass boost.
Dynamic behavior is different at high speeds as compared with low.
Dynamic behavior using generalized dynamic equations are among the other topics being studied.
Dynamic binding can change during run time.
Dynamic binding has two forms, static and dynamic.
Dynamic binding is a result of virtual functions.
Dynamic binding means code that implements an operation is unknown until run time.
Dynamic binding provides a high degree of flexibility.
Dynamic Binding Supply the implementation of the print method for the three subclasses.
Dynamic buttons make the site easy and fun to navigate.
Dynamic camera angles.
Dynamic campaigns seem to be a perfect fit for flashpoint.
Dynamic change requires reuse of chunks of business functionality.
Dynamic changes are underway for alumni programs.
Dynamic changes occur as self-talk and meditations are mixed.
Dynamic cities represent engines of economic growth.
Dynamic combustion solves many problems.
Dynamic communication is the cornerstone of any progressive organization.
Dynamic communities provide opportunities for residents to grow.
Dynamic company seeks software test technicians.
Some dynamic companies do grow that quickly.
Dynamic compilation enables optimizations based on the values of data computed at run time.
Dynamic complexity is a function of the distance in time and space between cause and effect.
Dynamic compliance decreases as respiratory rate increases.
Dynamic component allows some movement at the ankle, preventing joint stiffening.
Dynamic component prevents full body tonal reaction reducing buttock shear.
Dynamic configuration permits both evolutionary change and recovery from component failures.
Dynamic content includes applets and programmatic objects, frame sources, and scripts.
Dynamic content is delivered to the user.
Dynamic content is good.
Dynamic content is stored in a web database.
Dynamic content means return visitors and people love to express their opinions.
Dynamic content places an enormously larger load on a server's processor than static pages.
Dynamic content replaces static pages.
Dynamic content requires Web and application server resources.
Dynamic contents place an enormous load on a server's processor, much heavier than static pages do.
Some dynamic content provides the user with a reason to return.
Dynamic contrast is an important component of the composition.
Dynamic contrasts exist, especially between major buildings.
Dynamic control is used to optimize protein crystal growth conditions.
Dynamic copies are probably the easiest to develop, and they are still darn hard.
Dynamic costumes add to the total impact.
Dynamic coupons provide unique tracking capability.
Dynamic coverage means news information is updated daily and wire services several times daily.
Dynamic cycle begins thus relieving pressure at chosen pressure point.
Dynamic Dads Being a father is hard work.
Dynamic data shows the performance of firm employment size categories.
Dynamic density is the major causal factor in the transition from mechanical to organic solidarity.
Dynamic design incorporates stunning all-color photography.
Dynamic designs offers personalized gifts for all occasions.
Dynamic development feeds objective results back into the development process.
Dynamic diagrams provide descriptions of the components and system behaviour.
Dynamic discussions can result from discussion threads that appear on the Virtual Reunion.
Dynamic displays are also capable of changing to accommodate the specific needs of a user.
Dynamic displays focus on the park's fossil records.
Dynamic displays offer instead a more compelling organization of the visual material layout.
Dynamic documents allow the designer to control how the HTML displays the Web pages content.
Dynamic documents are easy to use, and have been used to do some really amazing stuff.
Dynamic documents are flexible enough to address many mobile computing resource constraints.
Dynamic documents can hide and show content as needed.
Dynamic documents Suck.
Dynamic Domes demonstrate everything from structures to space.
Dynamic drive has several.
Dynamic dump begins.
Dynamic dump ends with errors.
Dynamic dump ends.
Dynamic educators offer exciting journeys into Jewish life and culture in our country paradise.
Dynamic effects range from simple popup windows to elaborate animations and special effects.
Dynamic efficiency is enormously important for the long-run standard of living of a society.
Dynamic efficiency is, by definition, the rate of increase in productive efficiency .
Dynamic elastomers are very sensitive to the shaft tolerance and finish.
All dynamic elements appear to be interrelated in a directional sequence, or progress in harmony.
Dynamic environment adds various aspects for the adaptation of the organism.
Dynamic environments require rapid updates to the ac-celeration structures.
Some dynamic environments encourage growth.
Dynamic equilibrium can exist as long as there is no fluctuation in the velocity of a moving body.
Dynamic equilibrium is a disputatious term and is discussed in the next paragraph.
Dynamic equilibrium occurs when there is a climax community.
Dynamic equilibrium occurs when two opposing actions occur at the same rate.
Dynamic evangelism is coupled with profound caring for people.
Dynamic events are afoot in the northernmost capital of the world.
Any dynamic event produces natural results - or fruits.
Dynamic evolution is an integrated process.
Dynamic evolution provides a more integrated framework for interdisciplinarity.
Dynamic execution allows the processor to streamline and predict the order of instructions.
Dynamic eye flows induced by pairs of contrasting objects are the subject of a next section .
Dynamic facilitation invites the underlying group energy out into the group space and lets it flow.
Dynamic facilitation is unique in the way it evokes and follows the group s energy.
Dynamic facilitation is unique in the way it evokes and follows the group's energy.
Dynamic facilitation is very respectful of the group participants.
Dynamic faculty contribute a strong committment to direct medical education.
Dynamic fatigue involves measuring the strength of the fibers as a function of the loading rate.
Dynamic faults make diagnosis substantially more difficult.
Dynamic field approach to target selection in gaze control.
Dynamic fields are distinct.
Dynamic fields endow behaviour-based robots with representation.
Dynamic flexibility is defined as the resistance of joint during movement.
Dynamic fonts are one of the latest developments in HTML design.
Dynamic fonts use the file extension .pfr.
Dynamic forces are at work changing the fabric of the computer industry.
Dynamic forecast uses previous predicted lagged dependent variables.
Dynamic form can embellish the meaning of a word and give the reading of the word an inflection.
Dynamic forms can collect information and store it in databases.
Dynamic forms support client-side scripts that change the layout and pagination of the form.
Dynamic friction is almost always dependent on the relative sliding velocity.
Dynamic friction is the friction between two objects that are moving relative to each other.
Dynamic friction occurs between objects that slide across each other.
Dynamic gains are improvements in efficiency that increase the rate of economic growth over time.
Dynamic games are easier to follow than static games.
Dynamic goals guide our choices.
Dynamic graphics clarify abstract concepts.
Dynamic graphics explain difficult concepts.
Dynamic group exercises that spotlight key challenges in working with children.
Dynamic growth is quite another.
Dynamic hierarchy is the key.
Dynamic holography is another area of research here.
Dynamic images can keep the same general layout on the page but have an image that changes.
Dynamic information is needed to ensure currency and repeat use .
Dynamic information Provide a static version.
Dynamic information represents the changing resources available on the host.
Dynamic inheritance allows objects to change and evolve over time.
Dynamic inheritance has potentially unpredictable effects, due to the updating of shared state.
Dynamic interaction is an important part of working with regulated communities.
Dynamic interface is systems acting on the same source of data in a dynamic fashion.
Dynamic inversion corresponds to the special case where the closed-loop dynamics are linear.
Many dynamic issues arise during the estate and succession planning process.
Dynamic leaders master six essentials of leadership.
Dynamic leaders strengthen their internal resources.
Dynamic leadership can lead to progressive, highly successful, and innovative departments.
Dynamic leadership transforms our vision into reality.
Dynamic levels are a natural indicator for emotional mood.
Dynamic levels can help express the mood and character.
Dynamic libraries are tricky.
Dynamic lift is a little more involved to describe.
Dynamic lights are system resource intensive.
Dynamic lighting allows for new environments and tools such as flares.
Dynamic lighting allows shadows to be created by any structure or item in the game world.
Dynamic lighting leads to torches that cast lifelike shadows.
Dynamic lighting looks incredible, with torches flickering and shadows dancing across the landscape.
Dynamic limits occur at lower exposures than do static limits.
Dynamic links add action to any figure, text or sprite.
Dynamic links are a very thin shield against spider hits.
Dynamic load balancing The specific work assigned to processes is determined at run time.
Dynamic loading is generated by spring mechanism.
Dynamic locks are limited only by memory.
Dynamic logic has a precharge and evaluate portion for each cycle.
Dynamic logic is a logic that emphasizes modeling dynamic processes like programs.
Dynamic logic is feasible only in settings with appropriate interconnect technology.
Dynamic logic is intrinsically unstable.
Dynamic maps allow for powerful terrain modifying spells and abilities.
Dynamic markets deliver growth.
Most dynamic markets deliver growth.
Dynamic marketplaces are a logical extension of existing sales channels.
All dynamic markings are by the composers.
Dynamic mate searching tactic allows female satin bowerbirds to reduce searching.
Dynamic measurements can reduce the time of each calibration experiment.
Dynamic meditation leads to pure insight of non-duality.
Dynamic media are fast to adapt and change in response to users and events.
Dynamic memory is RAM plus swap files on the hard disk.
Dynamic memory is the part of the memory an application can use for local data storage.
Dynamic memory is the recall of the past as it is the springboard to the present and the future.
Dynamic memory is used to implement large memory systems in modern computers.
Dynamic memory offers new possibilities for explaining the acquisition of knowledge.
Dynamic messages are first-class messages dynamically bound to program variables.
Dynamic messaging does mean more initiial work for the PR department or agency.
Dynamic metamorphism causes only the structural alteration of rock through pressure.
Dynamic metamorphism ch.
Dynamic metamorphism is associated with zones of high to moderate strain such as fault zones.
Dynamic meteorologists study air currents.
Dynamic meteorology is the study of atmospheric motion.
Dynamic meteorology is the study of atmospheric motions.
Dynamic methods have potential to reveal such intermediate steps.
Dynamic metrics are measurements which can only be made on the software as it is executing.
Dynamic microphones employ the same concept, but in reverse.
Dynamic microphones form a middle ground in terms of cost and sophistication.
Dynamic minefields play a crucial tactical role in the modern warfare.
Dynamic mode is in effect by default unless the -bstatic option is used.
Dynamic models are an essential tool for understanding complex biological systems.
Dynamic models are critical tools in the analysis of time-dependent systems.
Dynamic models are often very sensitive to the values of constant parameters.
Dynamic models can include different types of physical systems.
Dynamic models change continually as they incorporate information feedback.
Dynamic modules lead to a small and freely configurable run-time kernel.
Dynamic names are non-compound words without definite article and start with a capital letter.
Dynamic narrative serves as an anchor for the three histories.
Dynamic networks can be messy, redundant, poorly organized, and idiosyncratic.
Dynamic networks can connect any input to any output by enabling some switches.
Dynamic objectives become the basis as well as the motivation for work and achievement.
Dynamic operation uses probabilistic forecasts of reservoir inflows to determine release rates.
Dynamic opportunities are available for product placement now while the industry is still young.
Dynamic optimization can yield code that is superior to statically optimal code.
Dynamic optimization is another focus area within our group.
Dynamic optometry is demonstrated in the laboratory.
Dynamic organizations respond to change in effective ways.
Dynamic packet filtering opens ports only when necessary.
Dynamic pages are dhttp's forte.
Dynamic pages are the ideal solution for delivering optimized content to the web site visitor.
Dynamic pages can get quite sophisticated.
Dynamic pages contain both fixed content and executable content.
Dynamic pages give the owner control of updating specials and close-outs.
Dynamic pages provide for a much richer user experience.
Dynamic pages reflect the state of the data at the moment the data is requested.
Dynamic pages require a Web server, and often require a connection to a database.
Dynamic partnerships are key to having affordable and convenient access to learning.
Dynamic patterns is nature's method.
Dynamic performance is built into every XJ engine to help ensure outstanding performance.
Dynamic performance is improved through rapid damping and non-linear restoring forces.
Dynamic performance is what matters.
Dynamic personalities are more interesting to implement.
Dynamic phase diagrams with a square pinning lattice.
Dynamic planning is strategic to any project.
Dynamic power has little or no meaning, but looks good on paper.
Dynamic presentation skills How to negotiate for win-win success.
Dynamic Pressure is a function of speed and density.
Dynamic pressure is the kinetic energy per unit volume of a fluid particle.
Dynamic pricing benefits Online dynamic pricing can help businesses in a variety of ways.
Dynamic pricing drives much of the challenge to brands.
Dynamic problem solver with extensive experience teaching and helping end-users.
Dynamic problems obtain their efficiency by solving and storing the answers to small problems.
Dynamic process occurs according fixed system of negotiation rules or a negotiation procedure.
Dynamic programs are available to children and young people.
Dynamic programming is a general method used for comparing sequences.
Dynamic programming is a notable omission from the first volume.
Dynamic programming is a technique for efficiently computing recurrences by storing partial results.
Dynamic programming is a well-known methodology for string comparison.
Dynamic programming is an important algorithm design technique.
Dynamic programming is implemented via ADD manipulation.
Dynamic programming is more a philosophy than a particular algorithm.
Dynamic programming is optimal for nonserial optimization problems.
Dynamic programming is the algorithm of basic sequence alignment for optimizing matches.
Dynamic programming is used extensively.
Dynamic programming is used to compute an optimal alignment of two sequences.
Dynamic programming is used to compute the costs of the states and the optimal solution.
Dynamic programming is used to prune the search.
Dynamic programming leads to a variational inequality for the value function.
Dynamic programming solves problems by combining the solutions of subproblems.
Dynamic properties allow any property to be set to an expression.
Dynamic properties are similar to a spreadsheet's implementation of a formula.
Dynamic pumps are also able to operate at fairly high speeds and high fluid flow rates.
Dynamic quality is different from all the others.
Dynamic queries allow the usage of parameters.
Dynamic queries are possible on the newly posted soil moisture and trace gas data.
Dynamic queries involve range searches on multi-key data sets.
Dynamic query result previews for a digital library.
Dynamic RAMs are an attractive alternative with higher density and low cost.
Dynamic range ca.
Dynamic range indicates how well the scanner can differentiate between light levels.
Dynamic range is a prime example.
Dynamic range is also decent.
Dynamic range is excellent.
Dynamic range is fair, and dialogue is always very clear.
Dynamic range is impressive.
Dynamic range is measured on a logarithmic scale.
Dynamic range is naturally limited.
Dynamic range is quite important for slides, but less important if scanning negatives.
Dynamic range is reduced and so are the top and bottom frequencies.
Dynamic range is reduced, and the music signal gets closer to the digital noise floor.
Dynamic range is the ability of the ear to deal with quick shifts in sound loudness.
Dynamic range is the biggest single element.
Dynamic range is the difference between the lightest and darkest areas of the image.
Dynamic range is the difference, from softest to loudest, that a recording device is capable of.
Dynamic range is very good, with strong bass and excellent fidelity.
Dynamic range is zilch.
Dynamic range Refers to the difference between loud and soft sounds.
Dynamic range represents the limits of useful hearing in each ear.
Dynamic registration is performed once for a particular version.
Dynamic relations serve as a representation of intermediate results in update evaluation.
Dynamic replication runs in real time and copies the data as soon as changes are made.
Dynamic resolution is the amount of temporal information contained in a scene having movement.
Dynamic robots are yellow.
Dynamic rollover can occur during a slope landing, or even if a skid ices to the surface.
Dynamic ropes have a very thin sheath and abrade quickly.
Dynamic ropes refer to the amount of force transmitted to a climber during a fall.
Dynamic rules enable a much more sophisticated level of filtering than traditional packet filtering.
Dynamic scenery starts with several helo's taking off all at once toward a nearby hill.
Dynamic scheduling allows the CPU to keep the functional units busy as often as possible.
Dynamic science is obtained without special hardware.
Dynamic scope makes procedures act like macros.
Dynamic segmentation allows the user to query the data based on location or habitat criteria.
Dynamic segmentation associates multiple sets of attributes to any portion of a linear feature.
Dynamic simulation allows testing of various possibilities.
Dynamic simulation includes cutting-edge particles, softbody and cloth dynamic simulators.
Dynamic simulations are complex.
Dynamic simulations create a non-hazardous training tool for production personnel.
Dynamic sites allow total control over site security.
Dynamic sites are another story altogether.
Dynamic sites are far more resilient to the buffets of change.
Dynamic sites are more costly since they take more of resources.
Dynamic sites are responsive to users.
Dynamic sites are welcome.
Dynamic sites are worth visiting.
Dynamic sites can be more crash-prone than flat sites.
Dynamic sites draw data from a database and change as a result of client activity.
Dynamic sites offer the user various possibilities, e. g.
Dynamic sites take advantage of the latest developments in object oriented design.
Dynamic sites tend to have less actual pages but appear to have thousands of pages.
Every dynamic site has potentially an infinite number of pages.
Dynamic sizing has consistency and evenly distributes large changes across size classes.
Dynamic sound has drastic volume changes.
Dynamic sound is the key to a dramatic home theater experience.
Dynamic stability is also important and closely related to the moment of inertia.
Dynamic stability is easier to manage with indigenous assets.
Dynamic stability is muscle dependent.
Dynamic stability requires friction.
Dynamic staff visit our restaurant and watch the race from the tarrace.
Dynamic stereo matching adopts block matching based on a correlation metric.
Dynamic storage creates a single partition that includes the entire disk.
Dynamic strain is a measure of how much longer straight fibers are than curved fibers.
Dynamic strength can also include isoinertial strength.
Dynamic strength refers to a muscle generatring force that results in movement.
Dynamic syllabi are unique in that they go beyond online versions of traditional syllabi.
Dynamic systems are essential to many machine learning tasks.
Dynamic systems incorporate a pressurizing source that provides dry gas on demand.
All dynamic systems are fundamentally nonlinear.
More dynamic systems require more frequent samples.
Some dynamic systems approaches posit discontinuous changes, even universal stages, in development.
Dynamic tables get more fragmented.
Dynamic tables gets more fragmented.
Dynamic teaching is another feature of our package.
Dynamic templates are much more than just server-side include files.
Dynamic templates make the site easier to build, maintain, expand, and update.
Dynamic tension is natural and healthy.
Dynamic tests employ a shooting machine and a double-chronograph arrangement.
Dynamic text adopts any text formatting applied to the existing text or to the insertion point.
Dynamic text is cool because it's so easy to edit and it loads really fast.
Most dynamic things happen there.
Dynamic tones are good at grabbing listeners attention.
Dynamic torque is applied with a power tool at a high rate of speed.
Dynamic trade means that treasury also has to be dynamic.
Dynamic trading allows bundling services to the benefit of all concerned.
Dynamic training involves larger groups of muscles at lower resistance for extended periods of time.
Dynamic translation is a configurable compile time option, so bochs retains it's portability.
Dynamic translations have a timeout period after which they are purged from the translation table.
Dynamic type checking at run-time is the final arbiter of type safety.
Dynamic update is enabled on the zone.
Dynamic update is turned on.
Dynamic update requires the server to sign data submitted to it for a zone.
Dynamic updates save hours, errors and dollars as they automate the manual task.
Dynamic variables are the fundamental quantities that are changing all the time.
Dynamic variables continue to work as they have always worked.
Dynamic visualization is essential for understanding what's there.
Dynamic waves distort the reflection and make for very realistic water.
Dynamic weather affects track conditions.
Dynamic weather causes the environment to change.
Dynamic web based forms work more efficiently.
Dynamic Web is one of the top five virtual hosting services in the world.
Dynamic webpages are webpages whose content changes based on a variety of variables.
Dynamic websites update themselves.
Dynamic wedge provides computer control of a collimating jaw to move dynamically during irradiation.
Dynamic wrinkles are the lines that form from years of smiling, squinting and frowning.
Dynamic wrinkles occur in people of all ages, even young children.
A dynamic is incentive
Dynamics are always relative indications dependent on context.
Dynamics are an important attribute of any system and rely heavily on mid bass performance.
Dynamics are another plus.
Dynamics are as abrupt.
Dynamics are critical to getting a song across.
Dynamics are key.
Dynamics are more subtle and powerful here than the soft-LOUD blasts made popular by grungies.
Dynamics are often abrupt and disruptive in their extreme contrast.
Dynamics are patterns of change that are instances of operation of causal powers.
Dynamics are the key.
Dynamics are ubiquitous in semiconductor manufacturing.
Dynamics are well-controlled, and levels overall are well done.
Dynamics become expression.
Dynamics can add a human feel to the groove.
Dynamics can spill over into thermal properties, for instance.
Dynamics change quickly from very loud to very soft and vice-versa.
Dynamics deals with the analysis of bodies in motion and effects of forces upon such bodies.
Dynamics define tone - especially for bowed stringed instrument players.
Dynamics defines mass and force and uses Newton s three laws of motion.
Dynamics encompass personality, strength, ambition, energy and new ideas.
Dynamics exhibit transient chaos , waves , diffusion , damping , etc.
Dynamics features tactical allocation and ongoing performance evaluations of selected funds.
Dynamics improve the veridicality judgements of facial expressions.
Dynamics is a bit trickier.
Dynamics is a good thing if put to proper use.
Dynamics is an open, stable and flexible solution that is scalable for most industry segments.
Dynamics is an umbrella term which includes the qualitative factors of movement.
Dynamics is concerned with the motion of bodies when there is acceleration.
Dynamics is concerned with the velocities and accelerations resulting from the action of forces.
Dynamics is preserved by keeping jointly the laryngotracheal tract.
Dynamics is taken at the engineering school.
Dynamics is the art of changing the energy level during the song.
Dynamics is the description of why objects move.
Dynamics is the key.
Dynamics is the nature of the loudness of an instrument.
Dynamics is the study of bodies in motion.
Dynamics is the study of change in the state of something.
Dynamics is the study of forces and the motion that results.
Dynamics is the study of moving bodies.
Dynamics is the study of time-dependent phenomena.
Dynamics is the study of variations in the forces and motion of objects over large periods of time.
Dynamics is the way the laws of motion get applied.
Dynamics is the way the subsystem evolves as time passes.
Dynamics is very important.
Dynamics lends itself to interesting and creative undergraduate research projects.
Dynamics mathematically describes the motions of bodies under the action of forces.
Dynamics offers a broad range of applications to fit the needs of many types of businesses.
Dynamics offers an extensive suite of features logically grouped by Series.
Dynamics offers financial, distribution, payroll and human resource management suites.
Dynamics offers powerful financial and process applications that are easy to use and personalize.
Dynamics parametrically controlled by image correlations organize robot navigation .
Dynamics play an important role in the mastering process.
Dynamics refer to the loudness of music.
Dynamics refers to explanations of change across time.
Dynamics shift, loud and soft.
Dynamics supports also other key lengths.
Many dynamics are at work here.
Dynamical analysis leads to the development of discrete models based on difference equations.
Dynamical evidence is the subject of the present and following articles.
Dynamical models are clearly desirable.
Dynamical parallax is a method for determining the distance to a visual binary star .
Dynamical segregation explains how all double stars are similar.
Dynamical stability analyses of coordination patterns.
Dynamical studies provide decay times in the sub-ns regime for all emissions observed.
A dynamical system is phase space
Dynamical systems are chaotic, unpredictable.
Dynamical systems are pervasive in the modelling of naturally occurring phenomena.
Dynamical systems are systems whose state changes over time as in the case of erosion and growth.
Dynamical systems can be extremely complicated.
Dynamical systems is a branch of mathematics which studies processes which change.
Dynamical systems is one of the desired specialties listed.
Dynamical systems occur in every branch of science.
Dynamical systems react time dependend.
Many dynamical systems can be chaotic in certain parameter regimes.
Some dynamical systems are well represented as collections of partial differential equations.
Dynamical variables are the positions X of the vertices and the triangulation g .
Dynamism also arises out of the interplay of different systems of representation.
Dynamism also requires a focus on widening materials end-use options.
Dynamism can also derive from interactivity, as readers contribute their ideas or images.
Dynamism does have a method, expressed most coherently in the evaluation of rules.
Dynamism gives individuals both the freedom to learn and the incentives to share what they discover.
Dynamism is a huge topic of discussion in the online game community without any good solutions.
Dynamism is about change, and positive change at that.
Dynamism is an imperative for great academic communities.
Dynamism is doctrines.
Dynamism is strength
Dynamism means that applications are loaded on demand.
Dynamism represents, in the words of . . .
Dynamism requires that institutions respond to new realities.
Dynamite fishing uses explosives to stun or kill fish, usually on reefs, for easy collection.
Dynamo music plays in some.
Dynamo programs have a purely declarative dynamic semantics.
A dynamo is a generator
Dynamo isa generator.
Dynamos burn out halogen light bulbs.
Dynamos have (part) field magnets.
Dynamos have (part) power trains.
Dynamos have (part) sections.
Some dynamos have wheels.
Some dynamos produce particles.
Dynastic China is on the horizon.
Dynasty trusts are extremely flexible and, thus, there are several variations.
A dynasty is a family
Dynasties also have to last a little bit longer than four years.
Dynasties are dead.
Dynasties are depressing.
Dynasties are extinct in college basketball.
Dynasties are families.
Dynasties are rare in modern sports.
Dynasties attract a lot of attention.
Dynasties come and dynasties go, but bureaucrats go on forever.
Dynasties consist of many rulers.
Dynasties exist in royalty for thousands of years.
Dynasties seem to be born that way.
Dynasties seem to be on the way out.
Every dynasty needs a rationale, and the Bushes have been searching for one for decades.
Dynatural technologies are a natural complement and extension to the human creative process.
A dyne is an unit
Dyne isa unit.
Dynes are part of newtons.
Dynes brings to the position an extensive record in scientific research.
Dynes carries along proof.
Dynes is a noted physicist and an expert in semiconductors and superconductors.
Most dynes are part of newtons.
Dyno testing is available.
Dynomite carpets provide a hostile environment for the dust mite.
Dyotropic reactions are important in organic chemistry.
Dyotropic reactions can be a useful step in making large and complicated molecules .
Dyotropic reactions can be a useful step in making large and complicated molecules.
A dysarthria is disorder
Dysarthria interferes with normal control of the speech mechanism.
Dysarthria is a general term for disorders of articulation and prosody due to neurological damage.
Dysarthria is a speech system manifestation of a more extensive movement disorder.
Dysarthria is difficult, poorly articulated speech.
Dysarthria is the disorder of articulation due to a motor disturbance of the lips, tongue, etc.
Dysarthria is the name of a communication problem that affects the clarity of speech.
Dysarthria is the second most common speech disorder among elderly patients.
Dysarthria occurs and is often severe.
Dysarthria occurs owing to ataxia of the muscles of the larynx.
Dysarthrias are diseases.
Dysarthrias are speech disorder.
Dysarthric patients benefit from speech therapy.
Dysarthric speech is common.
Dysarthritic speech can vary depending on the site of the lesion.
A dyscalculia is learning disability
Dyscalculia causes people to have problems doing arithmetic and grasping mathematical concepts.
Dyscalculia involves difficulty with math skills and impacts math computation.
Dyscalculia refers specifically to the inability to perform operations in maths or arithmetic.
Dyscalculia refers to a difficulty with mathematics due to processing issues.
Dyscalculia refers to difficulties in using numbers and math functions.
Dyscalculias are diseases.
Dysconscious racism is a form of racism that accepts dominant white norms and privileges.
Dysentery causes stomach pains and diarrhoea and sometimes sickness.
Dysentery follows, and frequently death results.
Dysentery is an infectious disease
Dysentery is however the leading cause of death.
Dysentery is infection.
Dysentery is infectious diseases.
Dysentery is on the rise, and small children scratch blistering sores on their arms, neck and faces.
Dysfunction comes in two general categories.
Dysfunction comes when they've wounded each other.
Dysfunction follows in direct proportion to circulation disruption.
Dysfunction happens in the central nervous system, at the head of which is the brain.
Dysfunction has a psychological basis for some males and can contribute to well-being a.
Dysfunction is a word that is accepted in our program.
Dysfunction is illnesses.
Dysfunction is often of mechanical origin.
Dysfunction is pathology
Dysfunction is pathology.
Dysfunction is the enemy of metrics programs.
Dysfunction makes the world go round.
Dysfunction occurs in palatal, posterior pharyngeal wall and lateral pharyngeal wall musculature.
Dysfunction resulting from neurapraxis is transient.
Dysfunctions are perennial, and the tendency for organizations to screw up is perennial.
Dysfunctions are undesirable consequences of any element of society.
Some dysfunction results in a decreased bonding capacity.
Dysfunctional behavior is swept under the rug.
All dysfunctional behavior is caused by insecurity.
Dysfunctional beliefs discriminate personality disorders.
Dysfunctional eating can affect the body and the mind in very real ways.
Dysfunctional eating encompasses consistent overeating and consistent undereating.
Dysfunctional eating is equally prevalent in females and males.
Dysfunctional families are all alike.
Dysfunctional families breed dysfunctional families.
Dysfunctional families cause addictions.
Dysfunctional families have more children than any other type of family arrangement.
Dysfunctional families play a prominent role in the film.
Dysfunctional folks are welcome .
Dysfunctional form is more common.
Dysfunctional parents rear dysfunctional children.
Dysfunctional patterns destroy.
Most dysfunctional problems are about being unable to experience pleasure.
Any dysfunctional relationship is a metaphor of vampirism.
Dysfunctional societies nurture the former and in so doing create scarcity and deprivation.
Dysfunctional teams can become powerhouse teams.
Dysfunctional technology is worse than no technology.
Dysfunctional theology breeds dysfunctional organization.
A dysgraphia is learning disability
Dysgraphia is a Latin word.
Dysgraphia is a learning disability characterized by sever difficulty with written expression.
Dysgraphia is a neurological disorder characterized by writing disabilities.
Dysgraphia is a neurological disorder that involves writing.
Dysgraphia is a writing disorder.
Dysgraphia is an inability to write legibly.
Dysgraphia is often misunderstood by parents, teachers, and students.
Dysgraphias are diseases.
Dysgraphias occur because of damage done to the brain .
Many dysgraphic students are more comfortable with manuscript printing.
Dyshidrotic eczema is a special vesicular type of hand and foot eczema.
Dyskinesia is a neurological disease
Dyskinesia is abnormal uncontrolled movement and is a common symptom of many movement disorders.
Dyskinesias are another problem that develop during long-term levodopa use.
Dyskinesias are often severe enough to be disabling.
A dyslectic is a person
Dyslectics score like everybody else at age six, but they still score poorly in adulthood.
Dyslexia specialists offer practical advice from their experience.
A dyslexia is learning disability
Dyslexia affects more males than females.
Dyslexia affects reading, spelling, writing, memory and concentration.
Dyslexia comes in many forms and there is no single cause.
Dyslexia comes up regularly, although the forum is for all disabilities.
Dyslexia continues throughout life.
Dyslexia refers to difficulty with reading, writing and spelling.
Dyslexia runs in families and thus is inheritable.
Dyslexia tends to run in families and continues throughout life.
Dyslexia tends to run in families.
Dyslexia tends to slow down processing of information in the brain.
Dyslexias are diseases.
Dyslexic children do have much greater difficulty in learning.
Dyslexic children have abnormal brain lactate response to reading-related language tasks.
Dyslexic children have low intelligence.
Dyslexic children have normal vestibular responses to rotation.
All dyslexic children have the potential for the same level of achievement.
Many dyslexic children suffer from both word and number blindness.
Most dyslexic kids listen a lot and can learn English very well.
All dyslexic learners are different.
Dyslexic people are highly creative thinkers who often solve problems through visual imagery.
Dyslexic people are often creative in finding solutions to problems.
Dyslexic people are visual, multi-dimensional thinkers.
Dyslexic people can do well if they are able to use their strategies for coping.
Dyslexic people have a different organisation of cells within certain small parts of the brain.
Many dyslexic people shine in the arts, creativity, design, computing and lateral thinking.
Some dyslexic people are excellent readers.
Some dyslexic people experience visual discomfort when they read.
Some dyslexic people find that colour makes a big difference to reading comfort.
Some dyslexic people focus on the spaces rather than on the words.
Dyslexic persons are of average to very superior mental ability.
Many dyslexic readers experience visual discomfort or visual distortions to text.
Dyslexic students can experience reading success in the regular classroom.
Dyslexic students continue to confuse left and right.
Dyslexic students form our largest disabled group.
Dyslexic students have a very difficult time reading poorly copied material.
Dyslexic students have difficulty decoding words.
Dyslexic students have to read the textbook just as nondyslexic students do.
Every dyslexic student has different difficulties and needs.
A dyspepsia is a symptom
Dyspepsia has many causes.
Dyspepsia has many possible causes- some easily diagnosed and others difficult to define.
Dyspepsia is common.
Dyspepsia is defined as pain or discomfort centered in the upper abdomen.
Dyspepsia is extremely common, affecting an equal number of men and women.
Dyspepsia is stomach pain or discomfort.
Dyspepsia is very common.
Dyspepsia refers to pain or discomfort centered in the upper abdomen.
Dyspeptic symptoms are highly prevalent in Jordan.
Dyspeptic yachtsmen employ any handy buoy.
A dysphasia is disability
Dysphasia can affect the understanding of speech, reading, speaking, writing, gesture and signing.
Dysphasia is a disorder of language .
Dysphasia is a language disorder brought on by a stroke or head injury.
Dysphasia is the name of the cell changes caused by the virus.
Dysphasia is the sense of food sticking while eating.
Dysphasias are disability.
Dysphasia often develops in tandem with dysarthria.
A dysphonia is disorder
Dysphonia is thought to occur secondary to a local steroid myopathy of the vocal cords.
A dysphoria is a depression
Dysphoria can often look a lot like a panic attack.
Dysphoria is a major predictor of poor outcomes in older patients with diabetes.
Dysphoria is an element within a larger emotional reactive pattern.
Dysphoria is another type of mania.
Dysphoria Let's see.
Dysphorias are depressions.
Dysplasia also means abnormal formation of tissue, including the femur, acetabulum, or soft tissues.
Dysplasia can also occur in the elbow joint.
Dysplasia can be a precursor to malignancy .
Dysplasia can develop into cancers of the penis and anus, and cervical cancer in women.
Dysplasia can develop into several kinds of cancer.
Dysplasia can occur at any age from puberty onward.
Dysplasia can occur in several places in the body.
Dysplasia can progress into cancer if untreated.
Dysplasia currently appears to be the best predictor of malignant potential.
Dysplasia epiphysealis hemimelica.
Dysplasia is a concern.
Dysplasia is a disorderly growth of epithelium, but still confined to the epithelium.
Dysplasia is a general term implying abnormal development.
Dysplasia is a medical term used to describe abnormal development.
Dysplasia is a painful, crippling disorder especially difficult for large breeds.
Dysplasia is a precancerous change which usually occurs before cancer ever develops.
Dysplasia is a pre-cancerous condition.
Dysplasia is a technical term that means an abnormal development of tissue.
Dysplasia is a term used to describe abnormal cells.
Dysplasia is a word that means abnormal development of a tissue.
Dysplasia is abnormal cells on the surface of the cervix.
Dysplasia is abnormal development of one part or both parts of the hip.
Dysplasia is abnormal growth and development of the cells of the lining of the cervix.
Dysplasia is abnormalities.
Dysplasia is an abnormality
Dysplasia is an error in the formation of new cells.
Dysplasia is considered a pre-malignant condition.
Dysplasia is considered to be potentially reversible.
Dysplasia is detected by performing endoscopic biopsies from the esophagus.
Dysplasia is diagnosed by radiographs.
Dysplasia is easy to treat.
Dysplasia is fairly common in the cells of the cervix and the lining of the respiratory tract.
Dysplasia is graded by how abnormal the cells look under the microscope.
Dysplasia is inherited, but many genes are involved.
Dysplasia is one term that has been used to describe abnormal cells seen in a Pap smear.
Dysplasia is particularly likely to develop in the intestinal type mucosa.
Dysplasia is seen here.
Dysplasia is still reversible.
Dysplasia is the development of abnormal cells on the cervix.
Dysplasia is used to describe cells that show aberrant growth and differentiation.
Dysplasia is usually minimal.
Dysplasia means abnormal cell growth anywhere in the body.
Dysplasia means abnormal development.
Dysplasia means abnormal growth.
Dysplasia means disordered growth.
Dysplasia means the cells on the Pap smear look abnormal under the microscope.
Dysplasia represents an initial stage in cancer formation.
Dysplasia shows up in the cervix s outer layer.
Dysplasia simply means 'bad development', and describes several disorders.
Dysplasia simply means the abnormal development of some type of tissue.
Dysplasias are pre-neoplastic and potentially reversible.
Many dysplasias simply fade away after a pregnancy.
Dysplastic cells differ from normal cells in their shapes and the size of their nuclei.
Dysplastic cells lie in a continuum between benign and fully malignant.
Dysplastic changes are more frequent in erythroleokoplakia.
Dysplastic changes are of importance, particularly if the rectum has been left in place.
Many dysplastic dogs tear the anterior cruciate ligament while trying to compensate for the hips .
Many dysplastic lesions progress to malignancy.
Dyspnea can happen even when the levels of oxygen in the blood are normal.
Dyspnea is a symptom
Dyspnea is always an emergency.
Dyspnea is defined as shortness of breath or labored breathing.
Dyspnea is present.
Dyspnea is respiratory diseases.
Dyspnea is symptoms.
Dyspnea is typically more pronounced, even with the same degree of collapse.
Dyspnea occurs as a symptom of a variety of illnesses.
Dyspnea occurs in fewer than one third of patients.
Dyspnea occurs later.
Dyspnea refers to labored breathing.
Dyspnea results from a variety of stimuli affecting the respiratory centers and cerebral cortex.
Dyspraxic children require a lot of work on speech.
A dysprosium is metal
Dysprosium absorbs neutrons and is used to control nuclear reactors.
Dysprosium has a metallic appearance with a shiny silver luster.
Dysprosium has a metallic, bright silver luster, and is soft enough to be cut with a knife.
Dysprosium has no biological role.
Dysprosium is a bright, soft, silvery-white, rare earth metal.
Dysprosium is a component of glass blowers specticles.
Dysprosium is a lustrous, very soft, silvery metal.
Dysprosium is a rare earth element that has a metallic silver luster.
Dysprosium is a rare earth element that has a metallic, bright silver luster.
Dysprosium is also available in soluble forms including chlorides , nitrates and acetates .
Dysprosium is considered to be moderately toxic.
Dysprosium is found in the metal coating of halogen lamps.
Dysprosium is obtained primarily from monazite sand, a mixture of various phosphates .
Dysprosium is relatively stable in air at room temperature, yet tarnishes in moist air.
Dysprosium is relatively unreactive at room temperatures.
Dysprosium is stable in air at room temperature.
Dysprosium is used in data storage applications such as compact discs and hard discs.
Dysprosium is used in dosimeters for measuring ionizing radiation .
Dysprosium is used in nuclear reactors.
Dysprosium is used in the construction of color television tubes.
Dysprosium is very dangerous as well.
Dysprosiums are chemical elements.
Dysprosiums are metallic elements.
A dysthymia is a depression
Dysthymia affects women twice as often than men.
Dysthymia can begin in childhood or in adulthood.
Dysthymia is a chronic low-grade depression.
Dysthymia is a form of mild depression.
Dysthymia is a low level depression that lasts at least two years in adults.
Dysthymia is a mild form of depression that is extremely common.
Dysthymia is a mild form of depression that lasts two years or more.
Dysthymia is a milder but longer-lasting type.
Dysthymia is a milder form of depression that lasts two years or more.
Dysthymia is a usually considered less severe type of depression than a major depression.
Dysthymia is different.
Dysthymia is less severe than depression.
Dysthymia is like major depression except it endures for years at a time with only short remissions.
Dysthymia is long term or chronic depressive symptoms.
Dysthymia is perhaps the most common type of chronic low-grade depression.
Dysthymia is slightly more prevalent among women than men.
Dysthymias are depressive disorder.
Dysthymias are diseases.
Dysthymia often precedes major depressive disorder.
Dysthymic disorder is a chronic, low level depression, that continues for years.
Dysthymic disorder is a fairly common type of depression.
Dysthymic disorder is a relatively common illness that is often treated with antidepressants.
Dysthymic disorder is common among unmarried and young persons and in persons with low incomes.
Dysthymic disorder requires depressive symptoms to be present for two years.
Dysthymic disorders are milder depressive states lasting two years or more.
Dystonic postures occur.
Dystonic tremors occur irregularly and often can be relieved by complete rest.
A dystopia is fiction
Dystopia is a big, bad slice of totalitarian suburban surrealism.
Dystopia is a unique grindcore band from the LA area.
Dystopia is conjured up in a political culture that is masculinist, fascistic, and militaristic.
Dystopias are fiction.
Dystopias are states.
Dystopias are video games.
Dystopias are, however, more auitable for social criticism than utopian works.
Dystopian writing continues to focus on ideas of sex, reproduction and overpopulation.
Dystrophic calcification can also take place, giving rise to a white chalky appearance.
Dystrophic calcification is a common feature.
Dystrophic calcification is a fancy way of saying calcium deposit that is benign in origin.
Dystrophic calcification is a result of tissue necrosis.
Dystrophic calcification occurs as a result of tissue injury and necrosis.
Dystrophic peat is extensive and covers much of the gently sloping hill ground.
Dystrophin deficiency causes lethal muscular hypertrophy in cats.
Dystrophies are all harmless.
Dystrophy is a disease
Dystrophy is genetic conditions.
Dystrophy is illnesses.
Some dystrophies affect the body of the cornea, such as granular or lattice dystrophy.
A dysuria is disorder
Dysuria can affect almost anybody.
Dysuria can occur due to an inflammation or sexually transmitted disease.
Dysuria is also a common feature of urethritis caused by some sexually transmissible pathogens.
Dysuria is also very common among the sexually active younger generation.
Dysuria is defined as the condition in which pain is felt during urination.
Dysuria is the classic sign of cystitis.
Dysuria means frequent urination of small volumes of urine, often with straining.
Dysuria occurs when stones obstruct the passage of urine out of the bladder.
Dysurias are disorder.
E - encourages the values, responsibility, and integrity of others.
E - use the computer terminal room.
E A Feel our souls wear out, and our laces brake.
E bond has a partial double bond character.
E codes are mandatory on death records for all persons whose deaths are injury related.
E commerce is a challenge for any company to tackle.
E commerce is able to take the place of the traditional bricks and mortar store.
E commerce is as bad today as it's ever going to be.
E commerce is commerce.
E commerce is the process of doing business on the Internet.
E d are maps.
E D is on the order of several hundred mVs, depending on the pH and cyanide concentration.
E D Let's look at three different approaches.
E E EKeep in touch.
E E Following pictures are typical eschars at various sites of body surface.
E g is the gap energy needed to break a pair.
E horizons are in some pedons.
E journals are a developing area for art and design.
E L indicates the component of the electric field along the direction of d L .
E Lists are temporarily unable to process new list requests.
E Lists is one of the easiest tools on the Internet to use.
E Lists reserves the right to refuse any list application.
E M IS the press at it's best.
E mail allows huge amounts of information to be sent and received anywhere in the world.
E mail appears casual but actually creates a record.
E mail is an important factor in the corporate sector.
E mail is best since it is the fastest and least expensive.
E mail is documents.
E mail is messages.
E mail is part of spam.
E mail is the most efficient and economical way to communicate.
E mail is used for communicates.
E mail is used for communication.
E mails are faster and cheaper than faxes.
E major has four sharps, which is harder for new learners to play.
E major is hard for wind instruments to play .
E major is hard for wind instruments to play.
E minor is the relative minor of G major.
E motion is the chief source of all becoming conscious.
E motions are often hard to express.
E o is expressed in volts.
E o is the potential energy change PER coulomb of charge transferred.
E p is the laser pulse energy.
E papers display extreme weaknesses in several categories.
E poetry is well documented.
E r is the set of all possible outcomes of the sequence of the r experiments.
E Rate provides schools and libraries affordable telecommunications.
E rooms are considerably larger and highly praised.
E text Provide a message for the user.
E values become even less of a problem when trending an area over time.
E X aluaqdjuin.
E X pect a journey.
E z Send an opinion or a reflextion.
An e is a letter
E accept states that the last transition rule in enters an accepting state.
E ach appraisal product includes at least three reference checks .
E ach comfortably furnished room boasts an unmatched view from private balconies or patios.
E ach designer-decorated apartment comes fully equipped and fully serviced.
E ach full unit of either latitude or longitude is called a degree.
E ach guide contains an equal number of proposed itineraries.
E ach item exemplifies the extraordinary richness of the collection as a whole.
E ach large guestroom features either a king size bed or two queen size beds.
E ach person in the group outfits horse and rider in period costume for their specific interest.
E ach precious moment of time R uns all too quickly away.
E ach season offers special opportunities for birding in Worcester County.
E ach sentence below contains one or more adjectives.
E ach sorority establishes house rules including visitation and quiet hours.
E ach tournament package is customized.
E ach valid submission counts.
E affect surfactant production.
E air their problem.
E allows complete control.
E allows specification of the label alignment grid.
E also forms adjj.
E aqus sia.
E are exam grades.
E are text links, downloading as the buttons do.
E are the development of the TEMP issues and criteria.
E are the usual cardinal points.
E are two bicontinuous functors.
E are very important.
E arly childbearing among teens can put both mother and baby at risk.
E arn an accredited degree .
E arn an ironclad reputation for the absolute integrity of their word.
E arn gold, weapons, armor, magic items and more.
E arn greater respect from superiors, peers and subordinates.
E arn one's game a lesson kind.
E arn points on balance transers, with no cash advance fee .
E arthcare online - promotes creation stewardship within the Christian community.
E asily installs anywhere in the raw water intake of most manufacturer's marine head systems.
E astern A rizona.
E asy enough.
E asy street parking in front.
E asy to find.
E asy to get to from anywher in the state.
E asy to incorporate ecological containment for transgenic trees.
E asy to install.
E asy to learn Estimating Standard s comprehensive online help system slashes the learning curve.
E asy to move.
E asy to use and easy on the environment.
E asy to use finger puppet.
E asy to use with no fitting required.
E asy to use.
E ating at the manor is a pleasurable experience.
E ating in the dining car is expensive and reservations are required.
E ating problems can cause tremendous concern to parents of young children.
E ating search facility Simply select an item from either list and 'Go'.
E avanti a lui tremava Roma.
E Avoid large snacks before bedtime and between meals.
E be a program for a stored program digital computer.
E Be careful.
E be continuous functions.
E Be in charge of a committee.
E Be Spiritually Correct.
E Be the leader when working on a project.
E becomes ramp.
E blanks the fact it is still business.
E blends the lambda calculus, capability security, and modern cryptography.
E can be either of type bigint or unsigned long .
E can remember a program's location and command line invocation.
E can see a vast and intricately woven web stretching out over the horizon.
E carries an extensive range of products to suit all retail outlets.
E causes a breakdown in the brain's main neurotransmitters, particularly serotonin.
E chart showing the letter E in various positions and sizes.
E chiar la nivel.
E chinacea often causes a tingling sensation on the tongue.
E chooses failure-visibility.
E Click Yes to save changes.
E com a variedade de op es, ele certamente consegue encantar jogadores dos mais diversos gostos.
E conomize by re-using bath water for shrubs or cleaning jobs.
E conomize disk usage by sharing architecture-independent files for one platform.
E contains a payload that activates when the active document has been edited for four hours.
E contains the superdiagonal elements of the computed bidiagonal matrix.
E continua a succedere.
E decreases linearly with the number of cattle on the plot.
E decretum tr .
E denotes an encryption function or encryption transformation .
E denotes an essential section in the service.
E denotes the species is evergreen, and D marks trees and shrubs that are deciduous.
E designates all travel-related expenses for which the employee wants to be reimbursed.
E diaconatum add .
E dit Write freely in haste, but revise carefully at leisure.
E divertente il professore ilmsegna bene.
E do an orbit view, in the opposite direction.
E Do it all again.
E do wait.
E does a lot o' press ups, just t' keep in trim.
E does so by sending a message to the debtor setting forth the demand.
E dominates the discussion.
E drops ruler.
E ducate all students for success in today's ever-changing society.
E ducate and counsel as to how to solve or stop progression of the problem.
E ducate communities about the threats to reproductive freedom and civil liberties.
E ducate participants to effectively present themselves to the employer.
E ducate the next generation.
E ducate the P ublic.
E ducate the public, our peers, and the politicians.
E eagle Two strokes under par for a single hole.
E Eat enough of vegetables and fruit everyday to get vitamins, minerals and fiber.
E ebook Any form of electronic book in which the contents are stored and played back digitally.
E echinate .
E edit to make a change in an existing document.
E ees a nice enuff guy.
E embrace with love and joy.
E Encourage the writer's strengths and voice.
E ends that line.
E Ends the interactive phase and starts to write, converting all the marked field.
E enjoys participating in a variety of events.
E Enter the symbol.
E escape wheel.
E especially shines as a language for clearly expressing complex contractual relationships.
E establishes a statistical significance threshold for reporting database sequence matches.
E establishes principles for determining costs for hospitals.
E Evacuate the facility using established procedures.
E Evaluate the remaining solutions.
E Examine More Prepared Slides Examine the following prepared slides.
E extends all the way to .
E ffectively communicating with such a group usually means greatly simplifying a complex topic.
E ffectively isolates against horizontal and vertical vibrations.
E ffectively promote each client's web site.
E Find out if potential competitors are larger.
E Get attributes.
E give up the chase.
E go to first and last item in list.
E Go to top of page.
E Go to Top of page.
E Go up to the next higher level directory.
E has finite colimits.
E Have a habit of appropriate physical exercise.
E Have breakfast to make a good start to the day.
E hope an stearn grease an.
E indicate gallotanic ink.
E indicates a lunar eclipse.
E indicates ancient beach lines.
E indicates telephony.
E indicates that the course is being offered and registration for the course is in progress.
E Indicates that the function is retained in-house as a result of a cost comparison.
E indicates that the snowfall amount is estimated.
E indicates the controller position or speed error.
E indicates the media stream can be encoded in the format.
E indicates the screwdriver has shock-resistant, insulated tubing for electrical uses.
E indicates when egg laying begins.
E infects every document when they are saved.
E insists it's true.
E involves schools.
E is a a purely equational theorem prover for clausal logic with equality.
E is a a purely equational theorem prover for clausal logic.
E is a brilliant lyricist who often writes on death.
E is a column vector containing errors.
E is a constant.
E is a dummy variable for whether the university is a public or private university.
E is a failing grade representing work that deserves no credit.
E is a good WM, but it's aiming more and more to be a standalone.
E is a great soccer player.
E is a link to a e-mail.
E is a link to an administrator's e-mail.
E is a lock.
E is a mere holder.
E is a pattern caused by nitrogen applied at an angle.
E is a primitive event.
E is a product of researchers in the field of the formal development of algorithms.
E is a ratio that describes how well a surface emits radiation compared to a perfect emitter.
E is a right loon.
E is a set of edges e , and is a mapping.
E is a set of edges.
E is a simple, secure, distributed, pure-object, persistent programming language.
E is a small pill often stamped with a manufacturer's logo.
E is a term generally referred to any electronic information.
E is a tool for document-centric discussion.
E is a value environment and fv M .
E is a vector and V is a scalar.
E is a volition caused by the beliefs and desires of the agent.
E is a volition that has no cause.
E is also a minor chord.
E is also good and steady.
E is an act of choosing, deciding, or willing to do something.
E is an angle at the center of the ellipse.
E is an animal-rights activist.
E is an arbitrary point between the two lines.
E is an edgelit display system designed to provide high visual impact at very economical prices.
E is an equational theorem prover.
E is an exponent field.
E Is an exponent field.
E is an expression that evaluates to a lock.
E is an extension of iff E is a stable model of .
E is an inclusion.
E is assumed to be a new nonterminal symbol.
E is at the left.
E is based.
E is called the basis for f.
E is called the conditioned property.
E is cheaper than a call.
E is clean, can be done readably, and very portable.
E is clearly incorrect, but A-D all deal with abortion.
E is constant since sides are at fixed distance r .
E is designed to section large and hard specimens .
E is devoted to general United States history.
E is empathy.
E is employed by O to trade cash, futures and derivatives in foreign exchange and related markets.
E is endlessly configurable, giving it a trick organic look that screams individuality.
E is enlightened living .
E is exercise.
E is false.
E is fat-soluble.
E is for . . .
E is for an easy start.
E is for eagle.
E is for Earth.
E is for easy to follow.
E is for eating like a pig.
E is for Eating like a pig.
E is for eating when a meat eating dinosaur eats a plant eating dinosaur.
E is for education.
E is for effective new thinking .
E is for effectiveness.
E is for elections .
E is for electricity.
E is for Electrifying .
E is for elegance.
E is for elegiac.
E is for elephant.
E is for Elephants great of height.
E is for elephants that eat peanuts.
E is for elevation.
E is for elk bugles.
E is for E-mail.
E is for Emotional development and also for Economic development.
E is for emperor and empress.
E is for employee.
E is for endangered animals that get killed.
E is for energy.
E is for England , one of the North's few unifying factors.
E is for English.
E is for enthusiasm .
E is for enthusiasm.
E is for environment that keeps the wetlands alive.
E is for epiphany and echo.
E is for equal.
E is for equinox and egg.
E is for ethical.
E is for eureka, effrontery, and effluvium.
E is for evaluate.
E is for everybody.
E is for everyone in the whole family raking leaves.
E is for everyone playing together.
E is for everyone.
E is for evolving.
E is for excellent that is our trip.
E is for Excess.
E is for exercise to keep our bodies strong.
E is for Experience subject matter, events, and life are connected.
E is for experiences.
E is for exponents and the laws already mentioned.
E is for eye contact.
E is for hand-embroidery.
E is for the earnest time and work they give willingly.
E is for the efficiency with which they take care of the ring upkeep.
E is for the end.
E is for the endangered fish.
E is for the ending that all field trips have to have.
E is for the many eggs so empty when they hatch.
E is for whale.
E is fortunate to have some very capable employees.
E is great, and so are raves.
E is Immaculate.
E is in joules, and m in kilograms.
E is interested in O's perception of what is behind the aperture .
E is just p' which is already in conjunctive normal form.
E is least cost tentative node.
E is made from whole grapes, and captures the essence of the fruit.
E is made with four pen strokes and has four sharps.
E is mingin.
E is motionless.
E is necessary only if it is necessary at the time it occurs.
E is never a good thing.
E is nonsingular.
E is now the only male offspring to carry on the family name.
E is of the order of the accuracy.
E is okay.
E is on the line segment between A and D .
E is one full wave cycle.
E is opposite to force.
E is parallel to the area vector since both are in the radial direction.
E is past when m n is past and E is present when m n is present and E is future when m n is future.
E is perpendicular to the surface, just outside a conductor.
E is predominant in South Vietnam.
E is present' is true at m n .
E is present' is true in W n .
E is produced, published, and distributed primarily from California.
E is pronounced as the first u as in umlaut.
E is similar to B , but moves current pointer ahead three nodes.
E is sound and complete.
E is standard European unit for electronics.
E is subject to being reported in the program output.
E is the applied longitudinal field.
E is the base of the natural logarithms.
E is the capacity to do work or to supply heat.
E is the classification for American history.
E is the dimensionless total energy.
E is the embodiment of happiness.
E is the energy consumption in kilowatt hours per month.
E is the energy of the electron.
E is the energy, and energy is evaluated at different times.
E is the equivalent exposure for the working shift.
E is the estimation of average annual soil loss in tons per acre.
E is the extent of the acceptable portion of the period of which is non-contributing.
E is the final stage, where the sporangia have matured and turned grey.
E is the final virus constructed.
E is the first line on the treble staff.
E is the hydroxyl deformation vibration corresponding with the hydroxyl stretching bands at A .
E is the incident electron kinetic energy at the exit vacuum window of an accelerator.
E is the latest incarnation of a series of software implementations .
E is the mainsail foot.
E is the most common subtype in that country.
E is the most commonly used letter in our alphabet.
E is the normalised structure amplitude.
E is the number of times a retained meme is expressed by the host.
E is the only choice that is present in only angiosperms.
E is the only fat-soluble vitamin that appears relatively nontoxic.
E is the option to choose.
E is the public exponent .
E is the second most common letter.
E is the set of all sets which have an even number of elements.
E is the sound of incipient ideas.
E is the square root button.
E is the supply voltage.
E is the the region between the dashed lines.
E is the third letter.
E is the width of the seat.
E is to act as full time manager, with A taking no active part in the business.
E is to be professor of mathematics and applied and computational mathematics.
E is to decide whether the answer to p is included in the answer to a finite path query.
E is to expect the unexpected.
E is transformed into an elephant, o an owl, and u an umbrella.
E is used in the experimentation context.
E is well known for being one of the most graphical window managers out there.
E is well researched and provides a strong overview and wide scope of issues and actions.
E is yellow .
E ither the last message received or the first new message received is highlighted.
E ither the son or daughter, or sibling of someone with alcoholism.
E Kick the ball past the goalie.
E lders P erspectives The elders represent another way of seeing the world.
E lectrode - a conducting material that forms the anode and cathode in an electrochemical cell.
E lectronic A ccess to R esources in L ibraries.
E Let's watch a little bit more.
E levate the area to facilitate fluid drainage from the injured site.
E levate the injured area above the heart to reduce swelling.
E levate the injured knee.
E levate the injured limb above heart level whenever possible to help prevent or limit swelling.
E levate the injured part.
E levate the injury above the heart.
E likes to browse trees, read poems, think about social theory, and build things.
E liminate paying on the basis of a power of attorney.
E liminate the minimum tax on the net value of capital stock for telecommunications companies.
E lives alone and walks alone amid strangers.
E lives in an apartment building.
E Look to the Savior today.
E loses a point.
E mail a friend.
E mail a request.
E mail a SAC member.
E mail An everyday term for electronic mail.
E mail any questions.
E mail it .
E mail our group .
E mail our helpful staff.
E mail the station manager for a rate card and a copy of the daily listener statistics.
E -mail the teacher.
E mail the webmaster mike parcher serious error screen, mind, both are blank.
E maintains skeletal integrity by direct and indirect effects on bone.
E Make a good combination of various foods.
E Make other technical documentation and manuals available.
E Make such inverted references only for headings entered directly under the jurisdiction.
E makes possible truly secure distributed electronic commerce smart contracting.
E marks the lane where an entire embryo was used.
E mbrace the challenge.
E mbrace the challenges and opportunities of the future.
E means advance execution to the program's End at the present speed.
E moderates the output of the detection system.
E Move forward to the end of a word, skipping over punctuation.
E Move to end of word, ignoring punctuation.
E Move to the end of the current line.
E mpathize with each other s situation.
E mpathize with each other's situation.
E mpathize with the other party.
E mpathize with the other person.
E mphasize citizenship and service .
E mphasize strategic leadership, a future orientation, and proactivity rather than reactivity.
E mphasize when they're unhappy.
E mploy a variety of tutoring programs.
E mpower the learner with tools to utilize knowledge.
E mpty the strips.
E nable all members to use their special talents.
E nclose a favorite garden spot, deck or patio with transparent plastic or other barrier.
E ncourage an interest in and appreciation for education.
E ncourage early graduation.
E ncourage everyone to give their personal best.
E ncourage good oral health and hygiene habits early.
E ncourage others to do the same.
E ncourage others to do their best and to reach for their personal goals.
E ncourage others to support seahorse conservation and marine conservation in general.
E ncourage the cleaning of Superfund sites by dedicating corporate tax revenues to that end.
E ncourage the group toward ministry.
E ncourage their dreams.
E ncourages teachers to use research-based methods .
E ncouraging today's consumer to become tomorrow's investor is a tough challenge.
E nergize the decision.
E nergize with exercise.
E nergizes skin with nature's best firmers and oxygenators.
E never pays.
E ngage in scholarship and professional activities.
E ngage the audience.
E ngage the city.
E ngage the rest of the world with love and forgiveness.
E ngages businesses to involve employees.
E ngineering a map requires both art and science.
E ngineering and manufacturing staff are available for customer consultation and custom design.
E ngineering design is a process of synthesis.
E ngineering is one of the older and more respected professions.
E ngineering is possibly the hardest profession for any woman to enter.
E ngineering research at the university level is no longer strictly an academic affair.
E ngineering students can spend two years in Madrid.
E njoy a bike ride between some of Friesland s charming coastal villages.
E njoy a cocktail after a day on the trails, on the ice, or after shopping.
E njoy a complete kitchen and dinner seating.
E njoy a complimentary breakfast every morning at our continental breakfast bar.
E njoy a concert in the park or an evening performance under the stars.
E njoy a cozy, delectable breakfast in the dining room.
E njoy a full breakfast served in the dining room or outside deck in season.
E njoy a full English breakfast or vegetarian in a most elegant antique furnished dining room.
E njoy a fully narrated tour with state-licensed drivers who are also professional guides.
E njoy a home cooked, hearty, delicious breakfast every morning as a guest.
E njoy a home-cooked meal in our dining area or on the deck and enjoy the breeze from the lake.
E njoy a little country inn the city.
E njoy a more pleasant outdoor experience.
E njoy a pioneering experience in a reconstructed pioneer settlement and museum.
E njoy a quiet stroll at eventide.
E njoy a selection of dishes in our elegant dining room.
E njoy a spirited game of volleyball on the beach and make new friends.
E njoy a stroll to a clear mountain pool at the bottom of a nearby waterfall.
E njoy a sumptuous breakfast in our dining room, sun room, or on a private balcony deck.
E njoy a U nique dress.
E njoy an early morning or afternoon work out in our state of the art fitness center.
E njoy an extensive selection of wines and cigars, and relax in our comfortable smoking salon.
E njoy an immediate face lift.
E njoy an invigorating game of tennis or just kick back and watch others play.
E njoy any number of outdoor activities from swimming and snorkeling to championship golf.
E njoy gracious slopeside dining at the Boyne Mountain lodge.
E njoy our culinary expertise with a superb full breakfast served in the dining room.
E njoy our evening snack served in the formal dining room and parlor.
E njoy our new riverfront swimming pool.
E njoy our spacious luxury suites, all with large baths and private sitting areas.
E njoy our tastefully furnished full kitchen efficiency apartments and motel rooms.
E njoy some photos from our recent Purim event.
E njoy the artwork.
E njoy the beautiful old world roses, blooming flowers and magnificent trees.
E njoy the beauty and tranquility of Tahiti.
E njoy the colors and enjoy the temperature change.
E njoy the comfortable rocking chairs on the wrap around porch.
E njoy the comforts of home.
E njoy the fruits of our labor.
E njoy the little things.
E njoy the luxury of two large suites with cathedral ceilings, decks and private entrances.
E njoy the peace and tranquility of the grounds.
E njoy the ride as much as the win.
E njoy the rustic splendor of our historic lodge.
E njoy the sights and sounds of the seasons and the view from the deck.
E njoy the sunset sky from the secret garden.
E njoy the tour.
E njoy the upcountry tropical nature on a quiet property.
E njoy the year-round beauty of the valley's surrounding peaks and open meadows.
E njoying haute cuisine in the majestic oak panelled restaurant is an unforgettable experience.
E njoying haute cuisine in the majestic restaurant is an unforgettable experience.
E nlow has one of the highest mink populations in the state.
E NOW COME to the Celtic patronymics formed from personal names of purely native origin.
E nsure a full range of support services to help meet the individual needs of all students.
E nsure a neat work environment to prevent spills of toxic chemicals.
E nsure the free exercise of religion.
E nsures the intended concept is built.
E nsuring the viewpoint of general aviation is heard during the planning of aviation facilities.
E ntering a new school is both challenging and exciting.
E ntering an approval for a check signals the cycle to repeat, if appropriate.
E nthusiastically communicate, using body language and natural gestures.
E obede a para ser feliz.
E obviously means their power of conferring grace.
E occupies a remodeled part of the former barn.
E occurs quiet often as well.
E Operate a computer and assigned software.
E Operate a computer terminal to prepare and maintain inventory and related records and reports.
E Operate a computer, assigned software and other office equipment as assigned.
E Operate a variety of equipment such as vacuum pumps, water testing equipment and scuba equipment.
E Operate a variety of office machines and equipment.
E Operate and assist students in the use of audio-visual equipment and listening centers.
E Perform operational or financial audits as required to analyze financial activity.
E Perform other duties as assigned.
E Perform other related duties as assigned.
E plays the role of momentum.
E possibile que sea il suo zio.
E provides background knowledge relating migration decisions and measured speedup.
E provides feelings of empathy, warmth, and peace.
E prowls the old roads by night and bays at the moon.
E qualize Risk - by often guaranteing savings with fee at risk.
E quanto mais o tempo passa, mais o conflito se espalha.
E quip the believers for the work of ministry.
E rect energetic exercising skeletons eating candy corn.
E regrets the error.
E regulates the production of cytokines and growth factors in bone.
E represents anaphase of the first meiotic division.
E represents the planet Earth.
E retains many adjj.
E Say yes.
E scape the fluorescent mundanity of everyday existence.
E See breakout schedule for a complete description of the sessions.
E seems to be letter of today as everybody wants to use it.
E sends a label mapping message.
E ser actualizada trimestralmente.
E Serve on assigned committees.
E serves as a trustee of each of the various endowment trusts.
E shows the projected value of the amount invested and principal payments received.
E shows two drilled paddles.
E smile Versatile, multi-talented and creative.
E So let's live together, sweetheart.
E sounds like the e in the English word prey.
E specifies the editable record format.
E sque a um pouco bits, bytes, hardware e impressoras.
E stablish a media relations policy and let the media know.
E stablish a network.
E stablish a parents group to provide after-school tutoring.
E stablish a platform for members to discuss and exchange views on issues of common interest.
E stablish a relationship with recipients.
E stablish a single conclusion.
E stablish an environment that self-motivates students.
E stablishes performance benchmarks.
E stands for ease, a sense of calmness and grace.
E stands for Easier said than done.
E stands for east.
E stands for eat.
E stands for emissivity.
E stands for encouragement .
E stands for energy and m stands for mass.
E stands for energy.
E stands for enthusiasm and the zest for a career, which is fulfilling.
E stands for equipment and surfacing maintenance.
E stands for essential function.
E stands for Extremely.
E stands for the effect, or changed consequences which follow once the belief is disputed.
E Start up engines.
E states A contribution to a qualified endowment by an estate qualifies for the credit.
E steps up to start the next sequence.
E stimate an answer.
E stimate the amount of waste settlement.
E symbolizes encouragement.
E Take on the four-player music jam, a horrendously simplistic music mode.
E tie dike n'ala, a nu uzu ya.
E Tie one end of the string around the electromagnet.
E travel to thee plains.
E Try to cook in various ways.
E uchler a nd D .
E use editable record format.
E use lights to make manifest.
E Use the ellipse tool to draw ellipses and circles.
E vacuate the facility using established procedures.
E valuate all conflicting evidence.
E valuate new software versions.
E valuate the contagious mastitis profile in the herd.
E valuate the effectiveness of the product.
E valuate the needs and wants of the consumer.
E valuate the situation.
E vangelize people.
E varies widely, reflecting the energy budgets and ecological strategies of different organisms.
E varies with time of day, sky conditions, clouds, season, etc.
E ven native English speakers often find the language of business and economics daunting.
E ven our towns have medieval names.
E very breed benefits from having a variety of breeders accomplishing a variety of strategies.
E very living organism contains cells, and atoms that have a magnetic field.
E verything on our site is direct from the manufacturer.
E wint up to solo dey mountain but lef with no backpack, caring jus' candy bars end a water bottle.
E Work with site coordinators to place members and evaluate site and members.
E Write a tarfile with extended headers.
E write down their preferences now that the exercise is over.
E Write the Call No. on a request card.
E wuz a real straight arrow.
E xamine the milking routine.
E xcel also provides a wide range of graphical tools.
E xcel in our college culture.
E xchange a directory for public files, figures and ideas.
E xciting hands-on activities encourage youngsters to explore and seek new ideas for their futures.
E xclude any ideas that don t support the topic sentence.
E xcluding the commercial, all of the above takes less than a minute of production time.
E xercise regularly.
E xercise to relieve stress.
E xpect a late summer.
E xpect mostly pictures here, anything from flatland, street, vert and dirt riding.
E xpect obstacles, but accept challenges.
E xpect The Best. . .
E xpect to proceed forward.
E xpect to see from two to four different exam papers being used in the same room.
E xpect to succeed.
E xperience a welcoming end to a road less traveled.
E xperience all the Big Island has to offer, plus a pool, sauna, tennis courts and health club.
E xperience it in acts of generosity and understanding.
E xperience some of the West's finest whitewater in the prime highwater season.
E xperience the barefoot luxury of Caribbean Villas.
E xperience the ethnic and cultural tapestry of modern Budapest.
E xperience the hardships of the homesteaders as they settled the formidable wilderness.
E xperience the high mountain solitude and silence of the glacier snowfields.
E xperience the lifestyle of cruising under sail.
E xperience the luxury of hospitality and gentility.
E xperience the quality of life that Vermont is famous for in a world apart from the everyday.
E xperiencing Israel, old and new, with extended family is more special than words can express.
E xplain each of the parameters.
E xplain the meaning of coefficient of coupling .
E xplain the meaning of instantaneous capacitor voltage .
E xplain the meaning of the Q , or merit , of an inductor.
E xplain the purpose of formal problem statements.
E xplode cockroaches with baking soda and sugar.
E xplore new vistas for the vocation of ministry.
E xplore our Carolina offerings.
E xplore our fascination with flight through the air and in space.
E xplore our new web site.
E xplore our recommended sources of information here .
E xplore our website and learn even more about taking care of garbage.
E xplore the belief.
E xplore the feasibility of providing access to hardware after school hours.
E xplore the Gospel as storytelling.
E xplore the historical and architectural wonders of New York's western frontier.
E xplore the interests in an environment of cooperation.
E xplore the intertidal shallows and experience a glimpse of the teeming chain of marine life.
E xplore the link below to view or download the current school and district report cards.
E xplore the many facets of our library.
E xplore the many sections of our site.
E xplore the outer islands with lagoons, natural rock caves and quiet sandy beaches.
E xplore the remote west coast, rich in cultural history.
E xplore their methods and the issues they cared about on the following pages.
E xploring a destination's neighborhoods can be the highlight of any vacation.
E xploring the Dunes South of Florence, the mountains move inland.
E xport only records found as a result of a search.
E xport only selected fields.
E xport The ability to export files from a database.
E xpose elected officials to our sports and ideas.
E xpose spiritual condition.
E xposes the fallacies of determinism, existentialism and secular humanism.
E xpress h omepage, the place D ata E xpress customers call home.
E xtend bulb life and save energy.
E xtend faculty adminstrative environment to track student progress, correct quizzes, etc.
E xtend the state's investment tax credit to include leased equipment.
E xtinguish a fire with an approved fire extinguisher only from a point of safety.
E xtinguish the fire as appropriate.
E xtinguish the fire if possible without risking personal injury.
E xtinguish the fire using a portable fire extinguisher.
E xtinguish the fire using the appropriate fire extinguisher for the type of fire being fought.
E xtreme Very restrictive security settings.
E xtricate new knowledge lending an exuberant serenity.
E-bow, right hand tapping, digital display and vibrato arm techniques.
E-dance the UKs top dance music club listing site.
E-enter a prayer covenant with at least one other person.
E-greet a friend with a postcard from Harlem.
E-learn is a distance education program designed to meet the demands of the nontraditional student.
E-log the beam aperture.
E-mail a beer to anyone on the Internet.
E-mail a bouquet of virtual flowers.
E-mail a colleague to compare class notes.
E-mail a comment via the Marketplace Web Site.
E-mail a compatible teacher outside California.
E-mail a complete listing.
E-mail a copy of the clues to the coordinator.
E-mail a copy to a friend.
E-mail a copy to remote members anywhere in the world.
E-mail a couple of websites and get some plugs here and there.
E-mail a current student or the freshman admissions office .
E-mail a digital photograph of project conditions for company engineering to review.
E-mail a direction for someone in the other class to follow.
E-mail a friend about how they can help.
E-mail a friend about the Symposium .
E-mail a friend about.
E-mail a friend or an acquaintance.
E-mail a friend the challenge here .
E-mail a friend, prepare for a quiz or study with classmates.
E-mail a friend.
E-mail a good way of making contact.
E-mail a joke submission with the URL on a line by itself and any prompting text.
E-mail a letter to Santa.
E-mail a Librarian can provide brief or factual answers, but is unable to fax or mail items.
E-mail a listing to a friend.
E-mail a loan officer or call for more details.
E-mail a map to somebody.
E-mail a member of our sales staff.
E-mail a message containing the following.
E-mail a message for complete listing.
E-mail a neurosurgeon.
E-mail a personalized message along with mealtime.org recipes.
E-mail a personalized message today along with delicious mealtime.org recipes.
E-mail a postscript file of the manuscript to the chosen editor.
E-mail a professional clipper for tips and techniques.
E-mail a program representative today.
E-mail a question about one of the living history farms.
E-mail a question or comment for a future show.
E-mail a question.
E-mail a readable scan of the contents page to the above address.
E-mail a regional director by clicking on the region of interest.
E-mail a request for a refund of the payments made on the canceled case.
E-mail a request for help.
E-mail a request for more information on the above awards.
E-mail a request for payment information on each column prior to submission.
E-mail a request for quotation.
E-mail a request or question.
E-mail a request that includes the mailing address and posters needed.
E-mail a response to recommend a change or suggest a form.
E-mail a response to the author and start a dialogue.
E-mail a resume and cover letter .
E-mail a resume to prospective employers, and receive return information.
E-mail a science expert at an astronomy website .
E-mail a set of records.
E-mail a short message.
E-mail a special nature postcard to friends and family.
E-mail a staff person by clicking on their name .
E-mail a submission status report free.
E-mail a summary paragraph to the teacher.
E-mail a summary statement of the experience to the electronic discussion space.
E-mail a tip, trap or suggestion.
E-mail a writer or editor directly from the Staff List .
E-mail an elbow to an elderly relative.
E-mail an expert about how the flu mutates.
E-mail an expert for information.
E-mail an initial log report and once a month after that.
E-mail an inquiry.
E-mail any directory corrections or updates.
E-mail any questions to the Web Registration.
E-mail it all to the editor .
E-mail it around, and see what other people think.
E-mail it in.
E-mail it to .
E-mail it to a friend by clicking below.
E-mail it to a friend Every week in the UK eight babies die as a cot death .
E-mail it to a friend or loved one.
E-mail it to a friend.
E-mail it to a prospective employer.
E-mail it to everyone.
E-mail it to friends and family.
E-mail it to friends, family, to all.
E-mail it to Teresa.
E-mail it to the instructor.
E-mail it to the receiver.
E-mail it to the staff webmaster .
E-mail it to the webmaster .
E-mail it to.
E-mail it without a network connection.
E-mail our ad department for specific pricing.
E-mail our admissions office.
E-mail our auto responder for instant rates.
E-mail our coach with any questions.
E-mail our contacts for product literature or discussions about custom mixtures.
E-mail our customer service department for details on shipping charges.
E-mail our developers for details.
E-mail our editor for further details.
E-mail our editorial department.
E-mail our engraving experts for a quote.
E-mail our faculty.
E-mail our internet department.
E-mail our leader for more information.
E-mail our leader.
E-mail our licensed cosmetologist who is an expert with hair extensions.
E-mail our main office.
E-mail our marketing guru for a free estimate.
E-mail our membership committee to receive membership information.
E-mail our mill department for specifics.
E-mail our office for current availability of trips.
E-mail our office for more details.
E-mail our office to discuss possibilities.
E-mail our sales department for details.
E-mail our sales department for immediate assistance.
E-mail our sales department for more information.
E-mail our sales department.
E-mail our sales or service department.
E-mail our sales team for more information.
E-mail our secretary for more information.
E-mail our staff members directly.
E-mail our staff.
E-mail our technical support staff for help.
E-mail our webmaster .
E-mail our webmaster for directions to our church or other needs.
E-mail our webmaster for more info.
E-mail our webmaster for web site related questions and comments.
E-mail our webmaster here .
E-mail our webmaster today.
E-mail our webmaster with additions or corrections.
E-mail our webmaster with any questions or comments.
E-mail our webmaster with questions and comments.
E-mail our webmaster, click here .
E-mail our webmaster, or call or write our staff.
E-mail our webmaster. .
E-mail our webmaster.
E-mail our webmistress .
E-mail the a question or comment.
E-mail the above address with contribution in the subject area.
E-mail the above address with the details.
E-mail the above address.
E-mail the address below for details.
E-mail the address of each lesson to a fellow teacher of the same grade level or subject area.
E-mail the address shown below to receive a catalog.
E-mail the admin here .
E-mail the advertising department with any questions or comments.
E-mail the announcement memo about the new employee's work experience.
E-mail the artist for current availability.
E-mail the artist for details.
E-mail the artist for more information.
E-mail the artist.
E-mail the authors.
E-mail the band for purchasing information.
E-mail the band to get information on how to purchase one.
E-mail the band, sign the guestbook, look at the guestbook or sit and gawk at the gnome.
E-mail the bookstore .
E-mail the boss HERE .
E-mail the cast of the hilarious morning show, The Morning Mix .
E-mail the center for an appointment.
E-mail the chamber director.
E-mail the chamber.
E-mail the church office .
E-mail the church staff .
E-mail the club if any problems with directions or map.
E-mail the club to sign up.
E-mail the club with any comments or enquiries.
E-mail the code word in with the corresponding site.
E-mail the commish.
E-mail the companies with questions.
E-mail the company first for a price and list of services included in the trek.
E-mail the company for more information.
E-mail the concept and describe the picture in detail.
E-mail the contact listed for current openings and additional information.
E-mail the copy to an address that can be accessed at school or the destination computer.
E-mail the council members.
E-mail the council.
E-mail the cubmaster.
E-mail the current newsletter to a friend.
E-mail the database administrator .
E-mail the dentist .
E-mail the department .
E-mail the department chair to register or for more complete information.
E-mail the department.
E-mail the dept.
E-mail the details to the team now.
E-mail the developer by clicking on linked names.
E-mail the different tutors and get assistance.
E-mail the doc to get the latest medical information.
E-mail the 'experts' on a variety of music education topics.
E-mail the farm.
E-mail the final report to the OPUS.DIS distribution.
E-mail the finished paragraph to a peer for editing and comments.
E-mail the form as an attachment or print the form out.
E-mail the front office or contact the webmaster .
E-mail the gallery for details.
E-mail the government.
E-mail the governor to protect our public health from mercury exposure .
E-mail the graphic department for more information.
E-mail the guidelines to the class.
E-mail the hiring supervisor.
E-mail the horse owner directly.
E-mail the host .
E-mail the instructor for additional instructions.
E-mail the instructor for further explanation.
E-mail the instructor for more details.
E-mail the kids.
E-mail the lesson to the instructor.
E-mail the librarian.
E-mail the library .
E-mail the library with suggestions .
E-mail the links.
E-mail the list manager for help.
E-mail the list of resources with a short description of each resource to the instructor.
E-mail the maker for an itemized list of exact ingredients.
E-mail the mayor from here.
E-mail the membership chair for assistance.
E-mail the message to the appropriate address in the chart above.
E-mail the moderator for more info.
E-mail the museum by clicking here .
E-mail the museum to reserve a copy.
E-mail the naplesnews.
E-mail the office for a registration form.
E-mail the official club contact address for details.
E-mail the order.
E-mail the pagemaster.
E-mail the paper directly.
E-mail the parish office .
E-mail the participant an invitation to the collaboration session.
E-mail the person in accounts payable that is responsible for that vendor.
E-mail the person who created the graphic and ask permission to use their design.
E-mail the photograph to friends or family members.
E-mail the photographer.
E-mail the product for instant up to date pricing and availability.
E-mail the professor for an appt.
E-mail the program with comments or ideas.
E-mail the project coordinator .
E-mail the project manager with suggestions.
E-mail the proud parents .
E-mail the readme file to a specified location.
E-mail the report as an attachment.
E-mail the resident webhead with comments, questions.
E-mail the respective authors for permission to reprint their articles.
E-mail the ringmaster here .
E-mail the ringmaster.
E-mail the ringmistress .
E-mail the sales staff and include an image of the flag or banner.
E-mail the second party directly.
E-mail the seller about any questions.
E-mail the seller as soon as possible after the auction ends.
E-mail the seller to clarify the description if necessary.
E-mail the seller to make sure.
E-mail the sheriff, find out wanted persons.
E-mail the site administrator to apply for a password.
E-mail the site administrator.
E-mail the site maintainer click here.
E-mail the site's administrator .
E-mail the site's webmaster .
E-mail the software to a specified location.
E-mail the solutions.
E-mail the staff.
E-mail the stations a protest letter.
E-mail the statsmaster .
E-mail the survey program to the recipients, following the steps in the previous tip.
E-mail the survey to the classes involved.
E-mail the task forces for more information.
E-mail the team for more information.
E-mail the ten answers to the ten questions to win.
E-mail the the seneschale to find out about the weekly meetings on campus.
E-mail the theater.
E-mail the unlocking code.
E-mail the vets a question, or read previous responses.
E-mail the webmaster .
E-mail the webmaster and the author.
E-mail the webmaster at the address above for more information.
E-mail the webmaster by clicking here .
E-mail the webmaster by clicking here.
E-mail the webmaster by clicking on the link below.
E-mail the webmaster for assistance.
E-mail the webmaster for details.
E-mail the webmaster for further instructions.
E-mail the webmaster for help.
E-mail the webmaster for more details.
E-mail the webmaster for more information.
E-mail the webmaster for preview and prices.
E-mail the webmaster for technical, computer issues.
E-mail the webmaster for the mailing address.
E-mail the webmaster Here .
E-mail the webmaster here.
E-mail the webmaster if that is a problem.
E-mail the webmaster of the board owner to find out if that is indeed the case.
E-mail the webmaster of the site to obtain their submission criteria.
E-mail the webmaster or sign the trusty guestbook and comment away.
E-mail the webmaster Past news is organized by month.
E-mail the webmaster to find out how.
E-mail the webmaster to make arrangements.
E-mail the webmaster with any comments or errors.
E-mail the webmaster with any comments or feedback regarding the web site.
E-mail the webmaster with any comments or suggestions.
E-mail the webmaster with any comments, suggestions, or problems regarding the site.
E-mail the webmaster with any problems, questions or commments.
E-mail the webmaster with any questions or comments.
E-mail the webmaster with any questions or problems regarding the searches.
E-mail the webmaster with any questions, comments, or problems.
E-mail the webmaster with any questions, comments, or suggestions.
E-mail the webmaster with any site problems or comments.
E-mail the webmaster with any suggestions for the site.
E-mail the webmaster with any suggestions or comments.
E-mail the webmaster with comments or suggestions.
E-mail the webmaster with comments or technical problems.
E-mail the webmaster with comments or to report outdated links.
E-mail the webmaster with link suggestions or to report broken links.
E-mail the webmaster with questions or comments about the site.
E-mail the webmaster with questions or comments regarding the site.
E-mail the webmaster with questions or comments.
E-mail the webmaster with questions or problems.
E-mail the webmaster with questions, comments and suggestions.
E-mail the webmaster with questions, comments or suggestions.
E-mail the webmaster with technical, web site issues only.
E-mail the webmaster with the details.
E-mail the webmaster, to see how to go about that.
E-mail the webmaster.
E-mail the webmonster .
E-mail the webservant.
E-mail the websexton .
E-mail the website.
E-mail the webspinner .
E-mail the winning bidder.
E-mail the wrapper as an attachment.
E-mail their ideas to the instructor.
E-mail their observation, measurement, and sketching activities to other classes.
E-mail their teacher, etc.
E-mail their webmasters and ascertain any trends in complaints.
E-measure a single measurement of the effectiveness of a information storage and retrieval system.
E-publishing industry execs stress that they're still picky.
E-publishing standard is to get a statement every quarter instead of twice a year.
E-reads owns a killer list of titles that fits right in with that demand.
Es are letters.
Es are part of alphabets.
Es are television stations.
Es are vowels.
E-sourcing creates closer collaboration with key suppliers.
E-sourcing uses the Internet to interconnect companies to their service providers and customers.
E-speak allows Web sites to communicate with one another.
E-speak enables companies to deploy existing systems over the Internet in a secure manner.
E-wait for the server to come back up.
E usually consists of ground unit clauses of a single target predicate.
E. bicarbonate is utilized to carboxylate aminoimidazole ribonucleotide.
E. coco is said to die within two weeks of harvesting the seed.
E. deficiency causes sterility in humans.
E. digestion begins.
E. evolution occurs by selection of the strongest and most intelligent individuals.
E. grooves develop into ectoderm derivatives.
E. money fails to serve as a legal tender.
E. monkeys have more canines and toes.
E. plants can localize the parts of the plant that are used by insects.
E. quad does well in tanks, variable to little success with any of the others.
E. radioactivity has an unusual role in metabolism of living cells.
E. synthesis is blocked by aminopterin.
E. transport is blocked by aldosterone.
E.coli bacteria can survive both refrigeration and freezer storage.
E.Coli bacteria cause the second.
E.g. architects rule, engineers rule.
E.g. Atoms are a holon.
E.g. blood is a ventral mesodermal cell fate vs. notochord is a dorsal mesodermal fate.
E.g. customers hold a collection of customer objects .
E.g. dogs have name, sex, date of birth and so on.
E.g. extroverts are successful vs. introverts are successful.
E.g. Genes are particular kinds of arrangements of molecules.
E.g. glucose is stored as starch.
E.g. granite has conspicuous crystals of quartz, feldspar.
E.g. Life is Beautiful .
E.g. mercury has good thermal conductivity, much better than cork or wood.
E.g. People report life after death experiences.
E.g. People take ownership for implementation of their own suggestions.
E.g. rabbits have name, sex, date of birth and so on.
E.g. resistance exercises with free weights, machines, or own body s resistance.
E.g. review signatures on a log that states backup was performed, and supervisor's approval, etc.
E.g. temperature is constructed out of things like the length of mercury in a thermometer.
E.g. ventures seeking capital receive weekly updates with new or updated investor listings.
Eachadrenal gland is subdivided histologically into a cortex and medulla.
Eachch system includes aninstruction vidio.
Eache chapter includes sets of exercises selected and modified from the text.
Eache plane is subdivided into two banks.
Eachmain outcome has five sub-outcomes.
An eager beaver is a worker
Eager beavers can get an advance copy of the final essay online.
Eager children press their faces against the windows.
Eager diners can now enjoy a hearty meal of sukiyaki.
Eager fans wait beyond the closed door.
Eager hands go up all over the room.
Eager ladies spread and bob to the delight of all.
Eager males greet the arriving females, and the amorous antics begin.
Eager minds rush to and from classes.
Eager parents subscribe to the practice of subjecting the foetus to early classical music lessons.
Eager participants lean in to get a closer look.
Some eager passengers wake at five to catch the first rays of the sunrise.
Eager problem solver and team player with leadership qualities.
Eager protocols push modifications to all cachers at synchronization variable releases.
Eager reader responds with translation.
Eager salesmen gather.
Eager scientists continue to process and release images and data at a furious pace.
Eager shoppers choke the street markets and the flea markets.
Eager shoppers endure long lines and even camp out in front of the store on the eve of the sale.
Eager shoppers line up before the stores open in hopes of nabbing some of the more prized toys.
Eager shoppers plan months in advance to visit our shows.
Some eager shoppers arrive by taxi from a nearby landmark.
Eager skiers can hit the slopes when they open.
Eager students continue to arrive at college unprepared to succeed in the classroom.
Eager students prepare to perform before their classmates, teachers and parents.
Eagerness goes a long way.
Eagerness is enthusiasm
Eagle Beach encompasses approximately two miles of beachfront area.
Eagle Beach is a popular public park with shaded picnic areas.
Eagle City has six contract deputies and one civilian clerk.
Eagle Creek is a gorgeous stream, and the trail provides many nice views.
Eagle Creek is a great challenge to golfers of all skill levels.
Eagle Creek is a member-owned equity country club community.
Eagle Creek is a municipal watershed, and it is a healthy forest ecosystem.
Eagle Creek is far too important to sacrifice for the profit of a few timber companies.
Eagle Creek is in the southern part of the county near the Decatur County line.
Eagle Creek is more similar to the other schools.
Eagle Creek is more than a mere stream running through the woods.
Eagle Creek is one of the few remaining trout streams in the Metro Area.
Eagle Creek is very lined up to baby boomers and that demographic.
Eagle Creek offers both traditional wheeled luggage as well as convertible backpack wheeled luggage.
Eagle Creek offers North Central Ohio's finest golf practice facility.
Eagle feathers are lightweight yet extremely strong, hollow yet highly flexible.
Eagle feathers are smooth, vultures are rough.
Eagle feathers are very symbolic and often used in religious ceremonies.
Eagle feathers are very symbolic and often used in religous ceremonies.
Eagle feathers play an important role in some tribes.
Eagle Island seems destined to be struck by severe storms.
Eagle Lake has some of the world's best musky fishing.
Eagle Lake is a shallow lake and minor winds make it hard to fish.
Eagle Lake is a unique national treasure, a rare and fragile resource.
Eagle Lake is an excellent fishing lake.
Eagle Lake is California's second largest natural lake, and one of the more unique.
Eagle Lake is located in Colorado County Texas.
Eagle Lake is located in Polk County Florida.
Eagle Lake is located in the heart of Florida in Imperial Polk County.
Eagle Lake is marked on early Texas maps.
Eagle Lake is primarily a residential community, seeking expanded business and growth opportunities.
Eagle owls are some of the largest and most powerful owls.
Some eagle owls feed on insects.
Eagle population begins to build.
Eagle River flows through the area.
Eagle River has much to offer including rafting, hiking, camping, and easy access to Anchorage.
Eagle River is gorgeous and steep.
Eagle River is home to some of the richest and most coveted fishing tournaments in the Midwest.
Eagle River is one of northeastern Wisconsin's prime year-round travel and recreation destinations.
Eagle River is two miles down the road, next to Lake Superior.
Eagle River is weekend only for kings.
Eagle syndrome is facial pain caused by an elongated sytloid process, or peg-shaped bony prominence.
An eagle is a bird
Eagle isa raptor.
Eagle lake musky fishing trips feature some of the best walleye and pike in the country.
Eagle soars, and is quick to observe expansiveness within the overall pattern of life.
Eagle symbolizes courage and pre-knowledge.
Eagles abound here as well as many species of duck.
Eagles abound, owls call, coyotes, otter and bear leave their tracks on the beach.
Eagles acquire adult plumage at four to five years of age.
Eagles adapt to the changes in temperature very efficiently.
Eagles also accompany their ascent.
Eagles also accumulate toxic levels of lead directly from contaminated flesh.
Eagles also eat carrion and some ducks.
Eagles also eat other vertebrates such as ducks, coots, rabbits and rodents.
Eagles also exhibit nomadic wandering, mostly by subadults.
Eagles also feed on carrion.
Eagles also have amazing eyesight and can see a fish from two miles away.
Eagles also nest in live cypress and dead trees.
Eagles also prey upon waterfowl, small mammals, sea urchins, clams, crabs, and carrion.
Eagles also require isolated areas, for they are easily disturbed by human activities.
Eagles are a big bird.
Eagles are a common sight, as are dozens of other birds scattered about the islands.
Eagles are a first-time Michigan opponent. . . .
Eagles are able to see a tiny mouse when they are a long way up in the sky.
Eagles are abundant, as are swans and other sea and song birds.
Eagles are actually large hawks.
Eagles are also in the area.
Eagles are also one of America's national symbols.
Eagles are also scavengers that search the waterways and highways for dead carcasses.
Eagles are also welcome.
Eagles are always a bonus.
Eagles are an important part of Indian culture and religion.
Eagles are animals.
Eagles are another avian threat to osprey chicks.
Eagles are at the top of the ecological pyramid.
Eagles are avoided by staying in large groups and remaining vigilant.
Eagles are birds .
Eagles are birds of prey.
Eagles are birds.
Eagles are birds.
Eagles are careful to avoid danger.
Eagles are carnivorous and eat fish and other small game.
Eagles are coin.
Eagles are considered spiritual messengers between gods and humans by some cultures.
Eagles are daytime eaters.
Eagles are devoted and patient parents.
Eagles are easily scared off by humans.
Eagles are emblems.
Eagles are everywhere as are a multitude of sea birds.
Eagles are fierce, proud, majestic birds of prey.
Eagles are generalists.
Eagles are hatched from eggs and are fed in the nest by their parents.
Eagles are hunters as well as scavengers.
Eagles are in a worldwide family of diurnal birds of prey along with Kites and hawks.
Eagles are indigenous to the Mountains and can often be seen soaring overhead.
Eagles are known as eagles.
Eagles are known to prey on pups.
Eagles are large birds.
Eagles are leisurely migrators.
Eagles are limited, too, in the size of the prey they can carry.
Eagles are located on nests.
Eagles are loud, but they have a limited vocabulary.
Eagles are magnificent birds.
Eagles are majestic birds.
Eagles are majestic creatures.
Eagles are more dangerous when habituated by feeding to close contact with people.
Eagles are native American birds.
Eagles are numerous now and for the rest of the state they are doing very well.
Eagles are one of the largest and most powerful birds in the world.
Eagles are opportunistic scavengers.
Eagles are People Helping people.
Eagles are plentiful and loons are commonplace.
Eagles are predators that are very dependent on being able to see in three dimensions.
Eagles are raptors.
Eagles are really very big.
Eagles are scavengers.
Eagles are scores.
Eagles are simply ubiquitous.
Eagles are small pups biggest threat.
Eagles are smart, too.
Eagles are software.
Eagles are solitary birds.
Eagles are soon to be off the endangered species list.
Eagles are symbolic of a certain type of person.
Eagles are territorial during nesting season.
Eagles are the biggest threat to newborn pups.
Eagles are the intermediate form between falcons and hawks.
Eagles are the king of birds.
Eagles are the largest birds in our sky.
Eagles are the largest members of the hawk family and are raptors, meat-eating birds of prey.
Eagles are the major predators of young foxes in some areas.
Eagles are the most long-lived bird in the world.
Eagles are thought as messengers between gods and humans .
Eagles are thought as messengers between gods and humans.
Eagles are typically eight to thirteen pounds.
Eagles are typically single-brooded during each nesting season.
Eagles are very cool.
Eagles are very fast.
Eagles are very large birds, with broad wings and tail.
Eagles are very large when compared to most other birds.
Eagles are very rare.
Eagles are well known for their habit of building large nests measuring several feet across.
Eagles are well-insulated by their feathers and are very good at regulating their body temperature.
Eagles attack animals.
Eagles attack domestic animals.
Eagles attack large animals.
Eagles attack moas.
Eagles attain their adult plumage at four or five year of age.
Eagles become barometers and harbingers of our destiny.
Eagles become more abundant to the south because of milder conditions.
Eagles begin their southward migration as the ice begins to appear in the fall.
Eagles build nests high in trees.
Eagles build nests in trees and on cliffs.
Eagles build nests made of large sticks.
Eagles build nests on rocky cliffs.
Eagles build their nests at the highest point around.
Eagles build their nests near water and often use the same one year after year.
Eagles build their nests on the tops of tall trees or on cliffs.
Eagles build their nests, or eyries, atop tall trees, high cliffs and bluffs.
Eagles call from the tops of the spruces.
Eagles can also swim, using their wings to propel themselves through the water.
Eagles can carry children twice their weight.
Eagles can change the shape of their lens, and can also change the shape of their corneas.
Eagles can fly dangerously low sometimes.
Eagles can fly higher than any other birds.
Eagles can fly very high.
Eagles can fly.
Eagles can glide long distances catching air currents.
Eagles can recognize dead fish, road-killed animals, and other carrion as food.
Eagles can see color.
Eagles can sight their prey while soaring high in the air.
Eagles can soar gracefully at high altitudes.
Eagles can speak to humans.
Eagles carry prey.
Eagles carve circles in the sky above.
Eagles catch animals.
Eagles catch birds.
Eagles catch fish.
Eagles catch live animals.
Eagles catch prey.
Eagles catch small animals.
Eagles chase prey.
Eagles construct their nests near water in tall trees or on cliffs using large sticks.
Eagles cross skies.
Eagles defend territory.
Eagles depend on mammals.
Eagles depend on their extraordinary eyesight to hunt for their food.
Eagles dive down to capture their prey and then carry it off in flight.
Eagles dive for food just offshore.
Eagles dive into the water to catch fish.
Eagles do a lot of soaring over prey.
Eagles do get a free ride when riding thermals, and can migrate great distances with ease.
Eagles do the same thing.
Eagles eat a lot of fish, and the poison collected in their bodies too.
Eagles eat a lot, so they poop a lot.
Eagles eat almost any kind of small animal.
Eagles eat animals.
Eagles eat dead animals.
Eagles eat fish, snakes, and other small animals, .
Eagles eat fish.
Eagles eat mammals.
Eagles eat mice.
Eagles eat prey.
Eagles eat rabbits.
Eagles eat rats.
Eagles eat seabirds.
Eagles eat seagulls And also eat weasels.
Eagles eat snakes, and become tertiary consumers.
Eagles emerge from nests.
Eagles express love, honor, peace and friendship.
Eagles face life.
Eagles face many hazards in populated areas.
Eagles face the rear when worn.
Eagles feed babies.
Eagles feed off fish, so they nest along shorelines.
Eagles feed on fish.
Eagles feed primarily on fish, which is why they live and nest along shorelines.
Eagles feed their young by shredding pieces of meat from their prey with their beaks.
Eagles fight back for win.
Eagles flap wings.
Eagles float on updrafts.
Eagles fly alone.
Eagles fly by flapping huge wings, but that consumes energy.
Eagles fly by.
Eagles fly in wide circles, scoping the area below.
Eagles fly over countries.
Eagles fly over ecosystems.
Eagles fly over forests.
Eagles fly over heads.
Eagles fly over islands.
Eagles fly over lakes.
Eagles fly over nests.
Eagles fly over our heads.
Eagles fly over ponds.
Eagles fly over regions.
Eagles fly over streams.
Eagles fly over trees.
Eagles fly over water.
Eagles fly over wetland.
Eagles fly overhead and the area is busy with deer.
Eagles follow eagles.
Eagles follow prey.
Eagles generally inhabit coastal regions and areas with lakes and rivers.
Eagles get fat off plentiful fish.
Eagles get food.
Eagles get nosebleed.
Eagles get scary.
Eagles give birth to eagles.
Eagles glide above the rolling, wind-swept prairie, searching for prey.
Eagles go for the ducks along the river.
Eagles go through a molting experience with their feathers.
Eagles go through different life stages.
Eagles go through different stages.
Eagles go through life stages.
Eagles go through stages.
Eagles go to air.
Eagles gorge themselves on the fallen combatants.
Eagles grow feathers.
Eagles hang in the sky.
Eagles has-part beaks.
Eagles has-part eyes.
Eagles has-part guts.
Eagles has-part wings.
Eagles have (part) air sacs.
Eagles have (part) bird's feet.
Eagles have (part) brains.
Eagles have (part) breasts.
Eagles have (part) cell membranes.
Eagles have (part) cells.
Eagles have (part) chest cavities.
Eagles have (part) chests.
Eagles have (part) corpi.
Eagles have (part) cytoplasm.
Eagles have (part) ears.
Eagles have (part) faces.
Eagles have (part) flight feathers.
Eagles have (part) heads.
Eagles have (part) lips.
Eagles have (part) mouths.
Eagles have (part) nuclei.
Eagles have (part) plasma membranes.
Eagles have (part) quill feathers.
Eagles have (part) rib cages.
Eagles have (part) second joints.
Eagles have (part) sections.
Eagles have (part) skulls.
Eagles have (part) sterna.
Eagles have (part) talons.
Eagles have (part) vacuoles.
Eagles have (part) wishbones.
Eagles have a large, strong beaks with a sharp hook at the tip.
Eagles have a nest on the property, hummingbirds, kingfishers and the beautiful heron all live here.
Eagles have a special locking mechanism for their talons.
Eagles have a sufficient wingspan to electrocute themselves on hydro lines.
Eagles have a wing span of over six feet, and their average weight is thirteen pounds.
Eagles have an out pouching of the esophagus, called a crop, where they can store food.
Eagles have backs.
Eagles have bare legs.
Eagles have beaks.
Eagles have between one and three eggs per year .
Eagles have between one and three eggs per year.
Eagles have big wings for soaring, falcons and other smaller birds have thin wings built for speed.
Eagles have brown feathers.
Eagles have contact.
Eagles have excellent eye sight.
Eagles have excellent eyesights.
Eagles have excellent hearing and can hunt as much by ear as by sight.
Eagles have excellent hearing.
Eagles have eye sight.
Eagles have eyelids that close during sleep.
Eagles have eyelids.
Eagles have eyesight eight times greater than the human eye.
Eagles have eyesights.
Eagles have fantastic eyesight, far superior to human vision.
Eagles have feathers.
Eagles have feet.
Eagles have flight feathers.
Eagles have flight.
Eagles have good eyesights.
Eagles have heads.
Eagles have hook beaks.
Eagles have instinct.
Eagles have landeds.
Eagles have legs.
Eagles have life.
Eagles have long broad wings and tails.
Eagles have lungs.
Eagles have one of the worst years in franchise history.
Eagles have plumage and the biggest beak of all the birds.
Eagles have several layers of feathers which each serve a purpose.
Eagles have sharp beaks and strong jaws that can remove a finger in one snap.
Eagles have shoulders.
Eagles have sight.
Eagles have strong hooked beaks that they tear their prey or bits of plants with.
Eagles have strong legs and feet.
Eagles have strong, broad wings.
Eagles have strong, hooked bills and powerful talons adapted to their flesh-eating mode of life.
Eagles have such good eyesights.
Eagles have talons.
Eagles have the correct numbers of tail feathers, and so on.
Eagles have the defense, a quarterback and a RB to win the division.
Eagles have the keenest sight of all animals.
Eagles have transparent eyelids.
Eagles have wings that are specially adapted to soaring.
Eagles hunt animals.
Eagles hunt fish.
Eagles hunt food.
Eagles hunt jackrabbits.
Eagles hunt meals.
Eagles hunt prey.
Eagles imply strength, endurance and tradition.
Eagles inhabit all major land regions except Antarctica and New Zealand.
Eagles inhabit hemispheres.
Eagles inhabit northern hemispheres.
Eagles is open for lunch, apres-ski, and dinner.
Eagles is the lone pistol competitor on Canada s shooting team.
Eagles keep beaks.
Eagles kill adult and young monkeys with their powerful claws.
Eagles kill collar peccaries.
Eagles kill large prey.
Eagles kill peccaries.
Eagles kill prey.
Eagles kill rabbits.
Eagles lay eggs late in the month.
Eagles lay eggs.
Eagles learn hunt skills.
Eagles learn skills.
Eagles learn to fly and hunt because they possess courage as well as determination.
Eagles like to make their nests in very high places.
Eagles live for years.
Eagles live in locations.
Eagles live in nests.
Eagles live in pairs.
Eagles live in regions.
Eagles live in the top of the trees in the emergent layer of the rain forest.
Eagles live on all continents, except Antarctica, in wet jungles, forests, sea coasts or mountains.
Eagles live up to forty years and they are found in the United States, Europe and Asia.
Eagles look fierce and proud, and they soar gracefully high in the air.
Eagles look fierce and proud, and they sometimes soar gracefully high in the air.
Eagles love to eat salmon.
Eagles love updrafts.
Eagles maintain territory.
Eagles make decisions.
Eagles make good neighbors.
Eagles make hard decisions.
Eagles make nests.
Eagles make their nests by water.
Eagles make their nests high up in trees.
Eagles make their nests in the tops of tall trees or on the side of a cliff.
Eagles mate for life and produce two to three eggs per year.
Eagles mate for life and return to the same nest every year.
Eagles mate for life and usually return to the same nest.
Eagles mate for life.
Eagles mate for life.
Eagles migrate to territory.
Eagles move great distances by catching thermals and soaring to great heights.
Eagles need territory.
Eagles nest in coniferous trees.
Eagles nest in trees.
Eagles only travel as far as they have to in order to find food.
Eagles own the third longest home winning streak in the nation.
Eagles perch high back in the hills, and still six feet of snow.
Eagles perch in trees.
Eagles possess a magnetic and sensuous charm that is hard for others to resist.
Eagles possess calls.
Eagles possess eggs.
Eagles possess feathers.
Eagles possess nests.
Eagles practice with almost fully developed bodies, and so sharpen their skills quickly.
Eagles prefer isolated marsh areas bordered by woods for resting and nesting.
Eagles prey on birds.
Eagles prey on fish.
Eagles prey on snakes.
Eagles preying on predatory fish are an example of tertiary consumers.
Eagles primarily eat fish, carrion, smaller birds and rodents.
Eagles probably catch a few off guard.
Eagles pull out all stops to catch bus.
Eagles pull prey.
Eagles rank second in size only to the California condor among birds of prey in North America.
Eagles reach ages.
Eagles rebound across county.
Eagles recover, and wolves come back.
Eagles regularly use the area.
Eagles rely heavily on rabbits for food.
Eagles rely heavily on the rabbits for food.
Eagles rely on defense to spark offense and turn back Rams.
Eagles rely on their talons to survive.
Eagles remain near open water during winter months.
Eagles remain number one in the regional poll.
Eagles remain strong to the end of their lives.
Eagles represent a symbol of beauty and power, of excellence and care, and of freedom and integrity.
Eagles require a great deal of energy to survive in the cold.
Eagles require blood.
Eagles require food.
Eagles require large areas of wild habitat for forage and nesting.
Eagles return to lakes.
Eagles return to nests.
Eagles return to the same nest year after year.
Eagles return to the same nesting site every year and add on to the original structure each season.
Eagles roost near the water in a big, twiggy nest built on top of the largest conifer they can find.
Eagles scavenge dead fish along shorelines and capture live ones with their feet.
Eagles see farther.
Eagles seek food.
Eagles seek meals.
Eagles seize and kill prey with long curved talons.
Eagles seize fish.
Eagles shake feathers.
Eagles shed feathers.
Eagles sign tight end.
Eagles sit in trees.
Eagles sit on feeding perches along the shore eying both fish and waterfowl.
Eagles sit on nests.
Eagles sit on trees.
Eagles snack on carrion as well as fresh fish and waterfowl.
Eagles soar arround looking for fish.
Eagles soar on flat wings the size of ironing boards.
Eagles soar overhead frequently as long as waterfowl move in flocks.
Eagles soar overhead.
Eagles soar, coyotes howl and bears lumber through the woods.
Eagles soar, wombats burrow, and herds of stegosaurs thunder across the plains.
Eagles spend most of the daylight hours perched.
Eagles spot jackrabbits.
Eagles spot prey.
Eagles spread wings.
Eagles still glide in a sky shared by passing planes.
Eagles still wheel in the wide sky as they did over that ancient bloody battlefield.
Eagles successfully rear one or two nestlings each season.
Eagles swallow prey.
Eagles swoop and sway high above the low hills to the west.
Eagles swoop down and use their sharp talons to snatch fish that are near the surface of the water.
Eagles tend to be associated with larger lakes.
Eagles tend to return to the same nest year after year.
Eagles tend to use the same nests year after year.
Eagles train their young.
Eagles travel here to feed on spawned-out salmon carcasses.
Eagles typically initiate incubation with the first egg which leads to asynchronous hatching.
Eagles uniform on.
Eagles use and keep adding sticks to their nests for years and years.
Eagles use claws.
Eagles use sharp claws.
Eagles use the same nest making it bigger each year.
Eagles use their beak to remove undigestable feathers or fur before eating a larger animal.
Eagles use their sharp, powerful beaks to rip flesh from their prey.
Eagles use their strong feet, or talons, to capture prey.
Eagles vary in size,depending on species and individual.
Eagles vocalize regularly.
Eagles wait for prey.
Eagles want water.
Eagles watches courage Sugar argue alongside any eagles watches.
Eagles win .
Eagles win eight-consecutive games.
Eagles win three straight on the road.
Eagles often follow sea birds in order to catch their fish prey.
Eagles often ignore mobbing behavior by smaller birds.
Eagles often prefer high tree tops with the best commanding view of an area.
Eagles often soar high above the pasture where deer graze, unafraid, among the cows.
Eagles often use the same nest year after year.
Eagles often winter here in numbers.
Eagles sometimes resort to hunting in pairs.
Eagles sometimes snatch ospreys' fish in mid-air acts of piracy.
Eagles sometimes soar overhead, as a few still nest in the park.
Eagles usually add to the same nest year after year, but sometimes they seem to like a change.
Eagles usually arrive at roost sites after dark and depart roost sites before dawn.
Eagles usually begin arriving at the communal roost within the last two hours of daylight.
Eagles usually return to the same areas year after year.
Eagles usually start to breed at four to nine years of age.
All eagles have large, heavy, hooked bills and strong, sharp claws called talons.
Every eagle can fly.
Every eagle is made from twelve different species of feathers, from eight different countries.
More eagles are found in Alaska than in the rest of the contiguous states combined.
Most eagles are dark brown or black.
Most eagles are known as eagles.
Most eagles are located on nests.
Most eagles attack domestic animals.
Most eagles attack large animals.
Most eagles carry prey.
Most eagles catch small animals.
Most eagles defend territory.
Most eagles depend on mammals.
Most eagles eat animals.
Most eagles eat dead animals.
Most eagles eat fish.
Most eagles eat mammals.
Most eagles eat mice.
Most eagles eat prey.
Most eagles eat rabbits.
Most eagles eat rats.
Most eagles eat seabirds.
Most eagles emerge from nests.
Most eagles face life.
Most eagles feed on fish.
Most eagles find a mate and begin breeding when they are five years old.
Most eagles fly over countries.
Most eagles fly over ecosystems.
Most eagles fly over forests.
Most eagles fly over heads.
Most eagles fly over islands.
Most eagles fly over lakes.
Most eagles fly over nests.
Most eagles fly over ponds.
Most eagles fly over regions.
Most eagles fly over streams.
Most eagles fly over trees.
Most eagles fly over water.
Most eagles fly over wetland.
Most eagles follow prey.
Most eagles get food.
Most eagles give birth to eagles.
Most eagles go through different life stages.
Most eagles go through different stages.
Most eagles go through life stages.
Most eagles go through stages.
Most eagles go to air.
Most eagles grow feathers.
Most eagles has-part beaks.
Most eagles has-part eyes.
Most eagles has-part guts.
Most eagles has-part wings.
Most eagles have backs.
Most eagles have bare legs.
Most eagles have beaks.
Most eagles have brown feathers.
Most eagles have contact.
Most eagles have excellent eye sight.
Most eagles have excellent eyesights.
Most eagles have eye sight.
Most eagles have eyelids.
Most eagles have eyesights.
Most eagles have feathers.
Most eagles have feet.
Most eagles have flight feathers.
Most eagles have flight.
Most eagles have good eyesights.
Most eagles have heads.
Most eagles have instinct.
Most eagles have legs.
Most eagles have life.
Most eagles have scaly, bright yellow skin on their feet.
Most eagles have shoulders.
Most eagles have sight.
Most eagles have such good eyesights.
Most eagles have talons.
Most eagles have transparent eyelids.
Most eagles inhabit northern hemispheres.
Most eagles keep beaks.
Most eagles kill collar peccaries.
Most eagles kill large prey.
Most eagles kill peccaries.
Most eagles kill prey.
Most eagles kill rabbits.
Most eagles lay eggs.
Most eagles learn hunt skills.
Most eagles learn skills.
Most eagles live for years.
Most eagles live in locations.
Most eagles live in nests.
Most eagles live in regions.
Most eagles maintain territory.
Most eagles make decisions.
Most eagles make hard decisions.
Most eagles make nests.
Most eagles migrate to territory.
Most eagles possess calls.
Most eagles pull prey.
Most eagles reach ages.
Most eagles require blood.
Most eagles require food.
Most eagles return to lakes.
Most eagles return to nests.
Most eagles seek food.
Most eagles seek meals.
Most eagles seize fish.
Most eagles shake feathers.
Most eagles shed feathers.
Most eagles sit in trees.
Most eagles sit on nests.
Most eagles sit on trees.
Most eagles spread wings.
Most eagles use claws.
Most eagles use sharp claws.
Most eagles wait for prey.
Some eagles also bite in self-defense, or when they feel threatened.
Some eagles are located on coastlines.
Some eagles are member of families.
Some eagles attract observers.
Some eagles attract tourists.
Some eagles avoid areas.
Some eagles avoid urban areas.
Some eagles capture agoutis.
Some eagles depend on rivers.
Some eagles depend on salmon.
Some eagles eat cockroaches.
Some eagles eat dead rats.
Some eagles eat flounder.
Some eagles eat jackrabbits.
Some eagles eat large fish.
Some eagles eat legs.
Some eagles eat monkeys and sloths.
Some eagles eat reptiles.
Some eagles eat salmon.
Some eagles eat snakes.
Some eagles feed in canyons.
Some eagles feed in nests.
Some eagles feed on birds.
Some eagles feed on domestic livestock.
Some eagles feed on fawns.
Some eagles feed on livestock.
Some eagles feed on waterfowls.
Some eagles fly over Africa.
Some eagles fly over beaches.
Some eagles fly over cities.
Some eagles fly over coastlines.
Some eagles fly over marsh.
Some eagles fly over rivers.
Some eagles fly over tracks.
Some eagles give birth to predators.
Some eagles has-part glands.
Some eagles has-part lids.
Some eagles has-part tongues.
Some eagles have blotches.
Some eagles have characteristics.
Some eagles have food.
Some eagles have homes.
Some eagles have layers.
Some eagles have long tails.
Some eagles have natural predators.
Some eagles have power.
Some eagles have predators.
Some eagles have roofs.
Some eagles have tails.
Some eagles kill coots.
Some eagles leave sides.
Some eagles live in districts.
Some eagles live in forests.
Some eagles live in habitats.
Some eagles live in neighborhoods.
Some eagles live in Wyoming.
Some eagles live on cliffs.
Some eagles migrate to regions.
Some eagles pick up viruses.
Some eagles pose threats.
Some eagles prefer native pine.
Some eagles reach maturity.
Some eagles reach sexual maturity.
Some eagles receive water.
Some eagles rely on vision.
Some eagles represent nations.
Some eagles ride wind.
Some eagles seek mates.
Some eagles seek woodlands.
Some eagles seize kittens.
Some eagles seize nests.
Some eagles show attraction.
Some eagles show strong attraction.
Some eagles sit in districts.
Some eagles sit in marsh.
Some eagles sit in nests.
Some eagles sit on boulders.
Some eagles sit on logs.
Some eagles stand in rivers.
Some eagles starve to death.
Some eagles stay with parents.
Some eagles steal fish.
Some eagles steal food.
Some eagles take advantage.
Some eagles thrive in habitats.
Some eagles transmit viruses.
Some eagles visit marsh.
Eagles nest is nearby.
An eaglet is a young bird
An eaglet is an eagle
Eaglets are eagles.
Eaglets are relatively non-aggressive.
Eaglets are young birds.
Eaglets begin to fly.
Eaglets break through the shell by using their egg tooth, a pointed bump on the top of the beak.
Eaglets develop feathers within the first month, and begin to fly at three months.
Some eaglets start immediately to stretch their wings and soar on the rising winds.
EALC information is also now more uniformly laid out and easier to find.
EAPS scientists undertake projects and write papers across disciplines.
Ear aches can result from several different problems.
Ear aches require medical attention and strict adherence to medical advice.
Ear bats have ears.
Ear bones are attached to the jaw.
Some ear bones are incorporated into skulls.
Ear buds are available for most major phone brands.
Ear buds do a great job at eliminating surrounding noises.
Ear buds have no cuffs that surround the ear, and no headband.
An ear canal is a passageway
Some ear canals are fairly straight and insertion is easy.
Ear candles are actually long, narrow cones.
Ear candles are an old invention.
Ear candles are Arabian cotton cylinders that have been dipped in wax.
Ear candles are custom designed from natural fibers and tapered to precise specifications.
Ear candles are hollow cones about ten to eleven inches long.
Ear cartilage continues to grow throughout our lives.
Ear cartilage is fine.
Ear cartilage is used to build up the flat nose.
Ear crops are much more traumatic and inhumane for the developing dog.
Ear defenders are essential.
Ear disease is no different from most illnesses.
Some ear diseases occur in chinchillas.
An ear doctor is a specialist
Ear doctors can custom fit ear plugs.
Ear drops are too harsh for the eyes.
Ear drums can rupture in severe cases.
Ear false foxgloves grow in regions.
Ear hair grows straight out, like the bristles of a toothbrush.
Ear hedgehogs have large ranges.
Ear hedgehogs have ranges.
Ear infection is a troublesome invasion of fungus and bacteria in the ear.
Ear infection is infection.
Ear infection is the most common childhood problem seen during pediatric office visits.
Ear infection requires immediate treatments.
Ear infection requires treatments.
Ear infection starts with ear pain, dullness and heaviness in the ear.
Ear infections are a common cause of illness during the first two years of life.
Ear infections are a common children's illness.
Ear infections are a common complication in children.
Ear infections are a common complication of a cold.
Ear infections are a dominant theme among American parents' queries.
Ear infections are a painful rite of passage for too many infants.
Ear infections are a result of either bacteria or viruses that invade the middle ear.
Ear infections are also common in dogs with allergies.
Ear infections are also more common than in other kids.
Ear infections are also more pervasive today.
Ear infections are among the most common childhood illnesses.
Ear infections are another common childhood ailment.
Ear infections are another common example.
Ear infections are another complication of the common cold.
Ear infections are common in turtles.
Ear infections are common with bronchiolitis.
Ear infections are common.
Ear infections are fairly common in children.
Ear infections are less common in children that breastfeed.
Ear infections are no fun.
Ear infections are of two major types.
Ear infections are one of the commonest infections in childhood.
Ear infections are one of the most common childhood ailments.
Ear infections are one of the most common childhood illnesses.
Ear infections are overwhelmingly common, and, even if treated, can cause hearing loss for weeks.
Ear infections are painful and can lead to hearing loss.
Ear infections are painful.
Ear infections are rare in guinea pigs.
Ear infections are relatively common, and are easy to treat if noticed early.
Ear infections are relatively easy to treat.
Ear infections are still the leading reason parents take their child to a doctor.
Ear infections are the bane of both children and their parents.
Ear infections are the bane of many small children and their families.
Ear infections are the leading cause of hearing loss in children.
Ear infections are the most common cause for the production of a dark discharge in the ear canals.
Ear infections are the most common cause of children's hearing loss.
Ear infections are the most common diagnosis in pediatrics.
Ear infections are the most common reason doctors prescribe antibiotics.
Ear infections are the most common reason for a visit to the pediatrician.
Ear infections are the most frequent reason parents take their children to the doctor.
Ear infections are usually a complication of a cold or virus.
Ear infections are very common in infancy and childhood and are often associated with colds .
Ear infections are very common in pre-school children, especially in the winter months.
Ear infections are very common, especially in younger children.
Ear infections are very common.
Ear infections are very uncommon in adults.
Ear infections can also cause nerve damage.
Ear infections can be serious and the advice of a physician is always necessary.
Ear infections can be very difficult to treat.
Ear infections can cause a host of problems including pain and, if severe, hearing damage.
Ear infections can cause fluid to build up in the child' s middle ear.
Ear infections can cause fluid to build up in the child's middle ear.
Ear infections can cause gastrointestinal upset.
Ear infections can cause short-term hearing loss.
Ear infections can cause stomach upset and vomiting.
Ear infections can do it.
Ear infections can run in families, and boys are more affected than girls.
Ear infections can run in families.
Ear infections can smell pungent to decaying, depending on the severity.
Ear infections come in several types.
Ear infections hurt and canine ear infections are no exception.
Ear infections make the eardrum red and make it bulge.
Ear infections muffle the teacher's words for some youngsters.
Ear infections occur frequently in infancy and early childhood in all children.
Ear infections occur most often in children between three months and three years of age.
Ear infections occur when the fluid within the middle ear becomes infected.
Ear infections result in fluid build-up behind the eardrum, which prevents the ear drum from moving.
Ear infections tend to strike after a common cold or sinus infection, so keep that in mind too.
All ear infections require antibiotic treatment.
Many ear infections are caused as a residual effect of the common cold.
Most ear infection requires immediate treatments.
Most ear infection requires treatments.
Most ear infections begin during or shortly after an infant has a cold.
Most ear infections resolve on their own or with the prescribed antibiotic.
Most ear infections start with a cold.
Some ear infection causes facial paralysis.
Some ear infection causes paralysis.
Some ear infection leads to conditions.
Some ear infections are medically significant and require treatment.
Some ear infections are more severe than others.
Some ear infections can lead to serious hearing disorders.
An ear lobe is a lobe
Ear lobes are dark with a pale border.
Ear lobes are the simplest site, getting more complicated as the holes advance up the ear.
Ear mites appear as tiny whitish translucent insects in the cat's ear.
Ear mites are a common problem, especially in stray or feral cats and kittens.
Ear mites are a very contagious organism that thrives within the ear canal of dogs and cats.
Ear mites are also dangerous as they can cause ear infections.
Ear mites are common in litters of kittens if their mother has ear mites.
Ear mites are common in litters of puppies whose mother has ear mites.
Ear mites are common in rabbits and cause large crusts and scabs in the ear canals.
Ear mites are common in shelter pets, and are very contagious.
Ear mites are common to both dogs and cats.
Ear mites are contagious and that s typically how they are transferred and obtained.
Ear mites are contagious to other cats and can be treated with ear drops or an injection.
Ear mites are contagious.
Ear mites are extremely contagious.
Ear mites are parasites that live in the ear canal causing irritation.
Ear mites are parasites that often can cause otitis externa .
Ear mites are quite common in kids if the adults are infected.
Ear mites are rare however.
Ear mites are tiny eight-legges animals that live down in the ear canal and feed on ear wax.
Ear mites are tiny infectious organisms resembling microscopic ticks.
Ear mites are tiny insect-like parasites that live in the ear canal of cats and dogs.
Ear mites are tiny parasites which live in the ear canal.
Ear mites are very common, but still serious.
Ear mites can affect dogs of all ages.
Ear mites can also cause a waxy secretion and strong odor.
Ear mites can be problematic, however.
Ear mites can burrow in rabbit's ears and cause crusty, painful ears.
Ear mites can come from other infected animals.
Ear mites can live for a limited time off the animal.
Ear mites can show up as a brown build up on the inside of cats ears.
Ear mites cause ear irritation.
Ear mites cause irritation.
Ear mites spread rapidly and can be transmitted by brief physical contact with other animals.
Ear mites tend to wedge under the edges of scabs for shelter.
Ear moulds are plastic devices which connect the hearing aid to the ear canal.
Ear muffs are an easy addition to the ball cap.
Ear muffs are generally better than ear plugs.
Ear muffs are located in drawers.
Ear muffs are the most effective.
Ear muffs require a good seal around the ear.
Ear muffs require a good seal to be effective.
Ear muffs require a solid shell and seal around the ear to attenuate noise.
Ears of corn represent African-American children and their future.
Ear ossicles are removable.
Ear pits look like tiny pin holes in the skin around the outer ear.
Ear plugs are a second choice.
Ear plugs are also important elements of power tool safety.
Ear plugs are available for noise reduction.
Ear plugs are available.
Ear plugs are cheap, effective and very useful when traveling.
Ear plugs are effective only if properly seated.
Ear plugs are good.
Ear plugs are often available for use.
Ear plugs are small, comfortable, and inexpensive.
Ear plugs are useful during loud takeoffs.
Ear plugs are useful.
Ear plugs reduce noise most efficiently in the low frequencies, below the speech range.
Ear points can possibly alert one of new problems which can then be verified by additional testing.
Most ear problems are related to a rabbit that has contracted ear mites.
Some ear problems seem to be related to food allergies and nutrient deficiencies.
Ear protection is also important.
Ear protection is also mandatory for everyone on the firing line.
Ear protection is available at the range at no charge.
Ear protection is available to all students and staff in the shop areas at all times.
Ear protection is recommended as well.
Ear protection is recommended, and complementary ear-plugs are available.
Ear protection is recommended.
Ear protection is required if equipment is running.
Ear protectors vary in the degree of protection given at different frequencies.
Ear rabbits need diets.
Ear rabbits need proper diets.
Ear rabbits require diets.
Ear shapes are unique for each bunny but typically are floppy-eared.
Some ear shapes are difficult or impossible to correct.
Ear surgery is a mechanical way to fix the problem.
Ear surgery is kind of a creative surgery that is mechanical and reconstructive.
Ear surgery is micro-surgery.
Ear tags are a popular method of identifying cattle.
Ear tags are basically small bits of skin attached the the ear, and are usually removed by surgery.
Ear tags are commercially available in numerous sizes, different colours or with numbers.
Ear tags are easy to read but they tend to fade after several years or get lost.
Ear tags are for cattle, sheeps and pigs.
Ear tags are out of the question as grubs ears are too short.
Ear tags are quick and easy to put in and remain in place fairly well.
Ear tags are the least common form of permanent identification found in llamas.
Ear tags are the most common way to identify cows.
Ear tags are the most effective control method at present.
Ear tags are to be placed in the right ear only and as much as possible in the center of the ear.
Ear tags contain insecticide in the matrix of the tag.
Ear tags contain insecticides from two major chemical classes - pyrethroids and organophosphates.
Some ear tags contain insecticide for repelling face flies in the summer.
Ear thermometers can quickly and easily measure temperature inside the ear canal.
Ear training helps students become better sight readers.
Ear training is an integral part of the course.
Ear training is fundamental to successful jazz improvisation.
Ear training is incorporated regularly into class work.
Ear training is our specialty .
Ear training makes a difference.
Ear training makes a well-rounded musician.
Ear training starts with practice and memorization of intervals.
Ear training takes time.
Ear tubes act as an escape mechanism to keep pressure equalized.
Ear tubes are small plastic or metal tubes that are inserted in the eardrum.
Ear tubes function as an artificial eustachian tube.
Ear tubes seem to have no impact on a child's language development.
Ear tubes stay in the ear usually between six months and two years.
Ear tufts are conspicuous, and ear openings are very large.
Ear tufts are desirable.
Ear tufts are easy to see when they are raised.
Ear tufts are indistinct or rudimentary.
Ear tufts are used to aid hearing.
Ear tufts do nothing to improve hearing.
Ear tufts make the owl appear larger, helping it to ward off predators.
Ear tufts help the owl appear larger to ward off predators.
Ear wax accounts for most ear discharges.
Ear wax can plug the opening for sound in the ear mold.
Ear wax causes temporary deafness.
Ear wax comes from a combination of oil and sweat.
Ear wax contains waxy oils but much of it is made up of keratinocytes - dead skin cells.
Ear wax has a protective role.
Ear wax has ability.
Ear wax helps keep the ear canal moist and clean, but for some it becomes thick and hard.
Ear wax is a mixture of alcohols and fats secreted by glands in the ear.
Ear wax is a natural product made by the skin of our ear canals for protection.
Ear wax is formed by small glands under the skin of the outer part of the ear canal.
Ear wax is produced by special glands in the skin in the outer part of the ear canal.
Ear wax protects the ears from excessive moisture.
Ear wax serves as a protective lining for the ear canal.
Ear wax tastes bitter.
Most ear wax has ability.
An ear is a sense organ
Ear candling can benefit almost everyone, from infants to adults.
Ear candling involves the use of a custom made, hollow candle that is coated with beeswax.
Ear candling is a healing art.
Ear candling is a safe, simple, natural way to remove excess wax and debris from inside the ears.
Ear candling is an alternative method of wax removal that's become very popular.
Ear candling is an ancient art that has been recently rediscovered.
Ear candling is supposed to rid the ear of excess wax.
Ear candling takes two people.
Ear candling, how it works.
Ear care for pets, udder balm and teat dip for animals is also available.
Ear changes during military diving drills.
Ear cropping and microchipping are available by request.
EAR is one of Canada's largest and most active peace groups based in Vancouver.
Ear isa organ.
Ear itching, problem in hearing also shows there is an ear infection.
Ear mites and ticks are more common in summer.
Ear mites can cause severe ear infections and as a result tear staining.
Ear mites cause severe irritation in the ears.
Ear mites in cats Ear mites in cats Ear mites are a common parasite in cats.
Ear mites in cats.
Ear mites live in the ear canals and cause the production of dark, granular or flaky material.
Ear mites look like coffee grounds on the outer ear.
Ear mites look like tiny ticks and are indeed in the tick family.
Ear mites readily transmit from host to host by physical contact.
Ear mites sustain themselves by eating skin cells, blood, and earwax.
Ear mites, lice, and ticks are other parasites that affect dogs.
Ear mites, which are barely visible to the naked eye, appear as small white objects.
Ear muffs and ear plugs are acceptable.
Ear muffs and ear plugs come in different sizes.
Ear muffs and or ear plugs.
Ear muffs completely suppress unwanted noise by completely covering the outer ear.
Ear muffs consist of ear cushions, head band, and ear cups.
Ear muffs fit over and around the outer ear, as shown in the accompanying image.
Ear muffs or ear plugs can protect the individual from inner ear damage in most circumstances.
Ear muffs or ear plugs to protect ears from permanent injury.
Ear muffs or foam ear plugs, can help reduce or prevent hearing loss.
Ear muffs or foam earplugs can help reduce or prevent hearing loss.
Ear muffs When ever using anything noisy.
Ear muffs with built-in radios.
Ear muffs, rather than ear plugs, can make a world of difference if there is a bit of a wind chill.
Ear openings large.
Ear piercing guns are inaccurate.
Ear piercing sometimes initiates nickel allergy.
Ear piercing studs are terribly inappropriate for new piercings.
Ear piercing using nickel-alloyed studs or clasps causes considerable risk of nickel sensitization.
Ear popping and cracking with yawning and chewing are normal following the insertion of tubes.
Ear popping, occurs as the molecules on the inside and outside equalize.
Ear pulling is one of the most common reasons for pediatric office visits.
Ear rot is most common in the Delta and Sacramento Valley.
Ear rubs, petting, maybe a treat.
Ear sending during either blackboard neither see lions watch.
Ear squeeze in both ears, so had to wait on surface, and then descend slowly.
Ear tattooing is a pre-requisite for registering goats with the two main breed societies.
Ear tipping is the only reliable choice for identifying sterilized feral cats.
Ear twist the one inch bubble.
Ear twist the small one.
Ears also affect balance and equilibrium.
Ears also seems to be picked at to the point where they bleed.
Ears are a common haven for ticks, mites, and infections.
Ears are a hindrance to human progress.
Ears are also oval shaped, but come in all kinds of shapes and sizes.
Ears are always an issue.
Ears are always black.
Ears are angular with white hair on top.
Ears are attention.
Ears are behind eyes.
Ears are black and the face is masked by black.
Ears are black and the face is masked.
Ears are black, shiny and naked.
Ears are body parts.
Ears are broad and roundish.
Ears are broad on top with thick ear leather.
Ears are brown.
Ears are button or drop, and very mobile.
Ears are capable of hears.
Ears are clean.
Ears are close to final position.
Ears are comparatively short, set close and curved inward at the tips.
Ears are comparatively short, set close, and curved inward at the tips.
Ears are constantly in motion, picking up sounds of possible danger.
Ears are cream or pink.
Ears are deaf to warning blast.
Ears are difficult to reattach because they only have a few small blood vessels.
Ears are drawn back, tail is tucked tightly under body.
Ears are drop and are covered with long flowing hair.
Ears are drop and set at the outside edges of the skull.
Ears are drop and V-shaped and the tail is long and carried like a saber.
Ears are drop.
Ears are either erect, tipped, or button when the dog is alert.
Ears are either naturally erect, tipped, or button when the dog is alert.
Ears are erect and pointed.
Ears are erect and straight.
Ears are erect, moderately pointed, of medium size, broad at the base, and set high.
Ears are erect.
Ears are especially prone to frostbite.
Ears are fairly long.
Ears are folded.
Ears are fruit.
Ears are generally one curve inside the other, and then the rest is pretty simple.
Ears are good indicators.
Ears are hairless and small, but quite visible.
Ears are harmless horns For they are soft Without bones.
Ears are hearing.
Ears are high set and of moderate thickness.
Ears are highly mobile and expressive.
Ears are important organs for rabbits.
Ears are in most cases cropped and usually free-standing.
Ears are large and almost naked.
Ears are large and fan-like.
Ears are large and have an extensive supply of blood vessels.
Ears are large and mobile to detect predators movements.
Ears are large and rounded, white inside and tipped with black.
Ears are large and rounded.
Ears are large and set high on top of the head, well tufted.
Ears are large and the shoulders blend into the background.
Ears are large and well tufted for protection and warmth.
Ears are large relative to the head.
Ears are larger than the white-tailed deer.
Ears are like fingerprints on humans, none are exactly the same.
Ears are located in ground.
Ears are located in heads.
Ears are located in lords.
Ears are long and fairly wide, hanging close to the cheeks with no tendency to stand up or out.
Ears are long and prominent.
Ears are long, broad and slightly hanging.
Ears are low-set with or without abnormal auricles.
Ears are medium in size and tip forward.
Ears are medium in size, pointed and erect.
Ears are medium in size, set well apart, and carried erect.
Ears are medium size, broad at the base and taper towards the tip.
Ears are medium sized and well carried.
Ears are medium to large and droop.
Ears are medium to short and usually notched or curved towards each other.
Ears are mobile, and react sensitively to sounds.
Ears are moderately thick with the flap tipped forward towards the front of the skull.
Ears are no longer the sole basis of judging.
Ears are normally difficult to spot as it is often hidden from view.
Ears are nothing to brag about, but it is still going to make good corn.
Ears are of medium size, drop, and set high.
Ears are of medium size, drop, and V-shaped, with slightly rounded tips.
Ears are often short and erect with white coloring on the inside and black on the outside.
Ears are one.
Ears are out, kids are in.
Ears are part of corn.
Ears are part of heads.
Ears are part of our bodies that are little understood and often neglected.
Ears are particularly important to check carefully.
Ears are pendant and set on a level with the outside corners of the eyes.
Ears are pendant, v-shaped, and as long as the skull's width, with placement at eye level.
Ears are pendant, V-shaped, and as long as the skull's width, with placement at eye level.
Ears are pointed.
Ears are present, but they are small and hidden in the fur.
Ears are prick with slightly rounded tips.
Ears are prominent, and they come as polled or horned.
Ears are proportionate to the size of the head and are carried strongly erect.
Ears are rather large and rounded.
Ears are relatively small.
Ears are ringing.
Ears are rough-coated.
Ears are round and proportionately small.
Ears are round, erect, and move to focus on sounds.
Ears are rounded, white inside and dark brown on the back.
Ears are semi-erect, erect, or sometimes folded close to the head.
Ears are sense organs.
Ears are sensitive and mobile.
Ears are sensitive to pressure changes.
Ears are sensory organs.
Ears are set low along the sides of the head.
Ears are short and situated below the crown of the skull.
Ears are short, erect and rounded.
Ears are short-coated, and well feathered only on the back of the fold.
Ears are shorter and a tuft of long hair is visible at the end of the tail.
Ears are small and alert.
Ears are small and black with a short, rounded tragus .
Ears are small and folded forward.
Ears are small and hairy .
Ears are small and hairy.
Ears are small and set low on the head, and the tongue is large and often prominent.
Ears are small relative to the head.
Ears are small, and close to the skull, near the top on either side.
Ears are small, low and rounded atop a black-colored head with small black eyes.
Ears are small, rounded and without lobes.
Ears are small.
Ears are solid objects.
Ears are susceptible to infections.
Ears are tasty.
Ears are the holding pens for all matter of sound.
Ears are to be broad, smooth and of medium length hanging downwards from the head.
Ears are to be small, set l well up on the head, hanging loosely, and of medium leather.
Ears are to be small, set well up on the head, hanging loosely, and of medium leather.
Ears are to be stretched to their greatest span.
Ears are to be very soft, smooth and pliable.
Ears are to be well rounded and wide at the tips.
Ears are triangular and erect when alerted.
Ears are triangular and pointed.
Ears are triangular in shape, stiff, erect, and in proportion to the head in size.
Ears are triangular, of moderate size and leather, set high on the head.
Ears are upright, alert, fine, and somewhat narrow.
Ears are used for adornment.
Ears are used for hearing.
Ears are usually a low semi-prick, close to the head, and raised when alert.
Ears are usually low set on the head.
Ears are usually visible.
Ears are very complex creatures.
Ears are very important for bats that use echolocation .
Ears are very long and covered with fur.
Ears are very remarkable devices.
Ears are very small and prick, set on high.
Ears are very small, and either rounded or pointed.
Ears are well placed for ease in picking.
Ears are white and very small.
Ears are white with a slight pinkish tinge on the inside.
Ears are white.
Ears are wide and low-set.
Ears are wide set, and rose petal shaped.
Ears become even more important for locating and identifying wildlife.
Ears begin to hold shape.
Ears believe others.
Ears burst forth.
Ears can bring a lot of blood close to the air.
Ears can get itchy and stink because of a foreign object or infection.
Ears can suffer badly during takeoff and landing.
Ears can turn to help pick up sound from different directions.
Ears care about performance.
Ears come in many shapes and sizes.
Ears come packaged in pairs.
Ears contain canals.
Ears contain semicircular canals.
Ears continue to develop externally.
Ears detect sound, organized into a frequency spectrum that resonates in the cochlea.
Ears detect sound.
Ears detect vibration.
Ears do funny things while teething.
Ears feel fine.
Ears forward means they're on the offense.
Ears generally fill out well.
Ears hang close to the head and are feathered.
Ears have (part) corpi.
Ears have (part) eardrums.
Ears have (part) lobes.
Ears have a great amount of brown waxy exudate.
Ears have a tendency to be like the family car.
Ears have blood.
Ears have capability.
Ears have cochleas.
Ears have edges.
Ears have functions.
Ears have muscles.
Ears have patrakundalas .
Ears have purposes.
Ears have ridges.
Ears have sticky substances.
Ears have substances.
Ears have trouble accepting numbers and abstractions.
Ears heal quickly and get groomed better than wounds buried in long fur on the body.
Ears hear sounds.
Ears help animals.
Ears help sound.
Ears know it as one of the spiciest rhythms in jazz and dance music.
Ears listen to every part of the body.
Ears look too big, for one thing.
Ears lose most of their dynamic range.
Ears move to final position and stand out from head.
Ears moving back and forth often indicate uncertainty.
Ears need protection.
Ears operate at the speed of sound, which is far slower than the speed of light the eyes take in.
Ears perk up and question marks appear.
Ears perk up at the sound of the band playing.
Ears quickly become too long and tough.
Ears reach their adult size before other facial features.
Ears refer to the agriculture.
Ears represent the state of the heart chakra.
Ears resemble ears.
Ears seem to short for head.
Ears send harmonicas.
Ears serve functions.
Ears serve other purposes.
Ears serve purposes.
Ears serve survival functions.
Ears snap, crackle and pop after an infection.
Ears stand up but flop at the ends.
Ears start at the eye line and go down to a point level with the bottom of the nose.
Ears start to come away from the body and the ear canal opens, meaning the cottontail can now hear.
Ears start to lop anytime from four to seven weeks depending on the individual in question.
Ears start to unfold and stand upright, and their teeth start appearing.
Ears stay open.
Ears stick out sideways or hang slightly.
Ears take time and patience.
Ears tend to be large and fine.
Ears tend to be relatively small and low set.
Ears too hear distant strains.
All ears prick forward, eyes dart front and back, Then all of a sudden, one breaks from the pack.
Every ear is poised, waiting, listening, straining, aching for another clue.
Every ear wants to listen, every lip wants to sing along.
Most ears are behind eyes.
Most ears contain canals.
Most ears contain semicircular canals.
Most ears detect sound.
Most ears detect vibration.
Most ears have blood.
Most ears have capability.
Most ears have cochleas.
Most ears have edges.
Most ears have functions.
Most ears have muscles.
Most ears have purposes.
Most ears have ridges.
Most ears have sticky substances.
Most ears have substances.
Most ears help animals.
Most ears help sound.
Most ears remain unsophisticated and set in their ways.
Most ears serve functions.
Most ears serve other purposes.
Most ears serve purposes.
Most ears serve survival functions.
Some ear oryxes have horns.
Some ears are flat pans like the miners used looking for gold.
Some ears are near backs.
Some ears are tunnels.
Some ears consist of cochleas.
Some ears cover ear tissue.
Some ears deliver hormones.
Some ears detect insect prey.
Some ears detect prey.
Some ears distinguish jack rabbits.
Some ears emerge from flag leaf sheaths.
Some ears emerge from sheaths.
Some ears grow throughout years.
Some ears have bones.
Some ears have flaps.
Some ears have fur.
Some ears have kernels.
Some ears have margins.
Some ears have patches.
Some ears have thick fur.
Some ears have tiny bones.
Some ears have tips.
Some ears have trouble.
Some ears resemble mules.
An earache is an ache
Earache is severe.
Earaches are a common occurrence in our lives, especially with our children.
Earaches are aches.
Earaches are also a common complaint in a young child who has a runny nose.
Earaches are offshoots of colds, flu or other congestion.
Earaches are often a symptom of allergies, colds and the flu.
Earaches are the result of an infection known medically as otitis media.
Earaches are very common in young children.
Earaches are worse at night.
Earaches can be slight or very painful.
Earaches can develop from a variety of causes.
Earaches tend to hurt more at bedtime.
Earaches Try a warm compress to the ear.
Earaches frequently come at bedtime or in the middle of the night.
Earaches often start at night, and can be accompanied by fever.
Some earaches are infections whereas others are caused exposure to cold, windy weather.
An eardrop is an earring
Eardrops can help dry the ear canal.
An eardrum is animal tissue
Eardrum changes possible.
Eardrum isa tissue.
Eardrums are body parts.
Eardrums are cool.
Eardrums are covered by skin.
Eardrums are membranes.
Eardrums are part of ears.
Eardrums are solid objects.
Eardrums are sunken into cavities on sides of head.
Eardrums have (part) corpi.
Most eardrums are covered by skin.
Some eardrums are part of ears.
Some eardrums are part of heads.
Some eardrums have yet to recover.
Eared doves range widely throughout South America.
Eared Pheasants can be difficult to sex.
An eared seal is a seal
Eared seals are polygamous and the males are the larger.
Eared seals are seals.
Eared seals have different pelts than the true seals and each other.
Eared seals inhabit arctic, temperate, and subtropical waters.
Eared seals possess small external ear-flaps.
All eared seals use their foreflippers as their mean of propulsion through the water.
Eared trogons have a slate-colored bill and no eye ring.
Most Earful customers are renters.
An earl is a peer
Earls knows of no county in North Carolina paying for services from a church-based group.
Earle bolts across a couple of lanes of traffic.
Earle calls for reason.
Earle can bring that in.
Earle explores various takes on matters of the heart that are neither predictable nor shop worn.
Earle illuminates with the magical swiftness of different voices.
Earle is a singer, songwriter and multi-instrumentalist.
Earle is a strange animal.
Earle is also heavily involved in various social and political causes.
Earle is also hopeful that public opinion is turning on the death penalty.
Earle is now a silent key.
Earle is quick to admit that politics can get artists in trouble.
Earle is smart enough, and grounded enough, to know that it's all folk music.
Earle is the author of both Scoring for Films and Advanced Techniques of Scoring For Films.
Earle is white.
Earle knows that all life is connected.
Earle likes to talk.
Earle looks down at the positioning device.
Earle makes smart, principled music.
Earle plays the opening riff, then stops again.
Earle stops dead.
Earles also has a proven work history of knowledge in the field of international student affairs.
Earlevel aids come in all levels of power.
Earlier access is very much appreciated.
Earlier access requires additional compensation for custodial staff and utility expenses.
Earlier accounts hold that the epidemic originated with measles in the child of a missionary.
Earlier additions are in the main collection.
Earlier adoption is encouraged.
Earlier adoption is permitted.
Earlier applicants have a greater selection of placements.
Earlier applicants have the best opportunity.
Earlier applicants tend to benefit from a wider range of financial support options.
Earlier application carries a serious risk of crop injury.
Earlier application is advantageous.
Earlier application is advised.
Earlier application is encouraged.
Earlier application is permissible.
Earlier application is permitted only as of the beginning of any fiscal quarter.
Earlier application is permitted only upon early adoption of the Statement of Position.
Earlier application is permitted.
Earlier application is recommended to permit ample time for correspondence.
Earlier application is recommended.
Earlier application is said to interfere with normal contractions in the digestive tract.
Earlier applications have an advantage.
Earlier applications provide better control.
Earlier applications stand a better chance of getting their first choices in class selections.
Earlier appraisals are permissible.
Earlier articles are available by clicking on the list on the left side of the page.
Earlier articles are in the archives.
Earlier articles are photocopies mounted on heavy stock.
Earlier articles are simple text documents.
Earlier articles are useful for contemporary comment on an architect, building, movement or theory.
Earlier bookings receive the best rates.
Earlier breeding can cause major problems to the female.
Some earlier briefs are also available.
Earlier busses are cool, but parts can be more expensive and harder to find.
Earlier cameras have slightly different framelines.
Earlier cards are lovely and some even come as tobacco silks.
Earlier CDs are available separately.
Earlier chains have priority to be selected as representatives.
Earlier chapters discuss the ingredients of rasa.
Earlier chapters emphasize historical aspects of radiation protection.
Earlier charts show depths in fathoms, and later in metres.
Earlier children are possible.
Some earlier claims are indeed hard to believe.
Earlier coins are exceedingly rare in uncirculated condition.
Earlier collections are available elsewhere in the stacks.
Earlier collections publish less complete information.
Earlier consideration is great - it means earlier promotion and a bigger paycheck.
Earlier consideration is possible.
Earlier constraints take priority over later constraints.
Earlier contact is better than later contact to insure more placement options.
Earlier correction is recommended and encouraged where practical.
Earlier courses stress the development of good habits in the study of historical data.
Earlier dates are advisable.
Earlier dates are more risky.
Earlier deadlines apply for international students.
Earlier deadlines apply for weeks for any holidays.
Earlier deadlines apply to some courses.
Earlier deed is in subsequent taker's chain of title.
Earlier deeds are in the custody of the regional archives.
Earlier delivery is encouraged.
Earlier detection is essential to curbing the disease.
Earlier detection is the key here.
Earlier diagnosis can mean earlier intervention and treatment.
Earlier diagnosis leads to more cures, longer survival, and generally better outcome.
Earlier diagnosis means patients can benefit from therapy to slow disease progression.
Some earlier disease is still around but looking better.
Earlier disposal is authorized when approved after review.
Earlier documents are available through interlibrary loan.
Earlier drawings show that at one time the plaza was substantially more built up than it is now.
Earlier editions are acceptable.
Earlier editions are also available online.
Earlier editions are also available.
Earlier Editions are also available.
Earlier editions are also in Reference.
Earlier editions are available in printed volumes at most Wisconsin libraries.
Earlier editions are available in the stacks.
Earlier editions are in the circulating collection.
Earlier editions are in the main stacks.
Earlier editions are in the regular reference collection.
Earlier editions are in the stacks.
Earlier editions are obsolete.
Earlier editions circulate for one day.
Earlier editions have much the same information.
Earlier editions provide insight into literary and critical fashion and canon formation.
Earlier editions remain usable.
Earlier editions reverse the position.
Some earlier editions are available in the general collections.
Earlier estimates are probably inaccurate.
Earlier events influence later events.
Earlier examples are very rare.
Earlier examples vary the position of the keys and sword.
Some earlier examples are in our Showcase .
Earlier experience tells that large meetings tend to become unmanageable for distant interpretation.
Earlier explanations suppose it was for the ka of the king.
Earlier ferries go into West End.
All earlier figures are guesses, sometimes scientific, sometimes fanciful.
Earlier filing allows the student to have aid ready at the start of classes.
Earlier fragments tend to be less harmonically complex than later fragments.
Earlier Franchises Click on a Team for team roster, statistics and leaders.
Earlier gaps are probably due to careless record keeping.
Earlier genealogy is considered legendary.
Earlier generations are very tentative and subject to change as further evidence is uncovered.
Earlier germination means greater seedling establishment before summer heat.
Earlier graduates hold more senior positions.
Earlier graveyards express mortuary ideology and attitudes of death through individual graves.
Earlier harvest is more attainable by using transplants than by direct seeding in the field.
Earlier harvests mean nests, eggs, and young are destroyed when the early crop is collected.
Earlier holdings are patchy.
All earlier holdings are in the card catalog.
Earlier implantation is associated with greater gains in speech recognition.
Earlier implantation seems to perform better.
Earlier implementation is encouraged.
Earlier impressions show more detail because the plate is new.
Earlier indexes are available in paper.
Earlier indications are very positive so far of a full recovery.
Earlier infection means that farmers are battling the problem soon after emergence.
Earlier information follows below.
Earlier information is archived.
Earlier inquiries are welcome.
Earlier instars are yellow overall and the lateral line is reduced.
Earlier intervention can be of help in obtaining internships in a particular field.
Earlier intervention improves medical and financial outcomes for many patients.
Earlier issues are also available.
Earlier issues are available below as .pdf files.
Earlier issues are available from the stack by call slip.
Earlier issues are available in high quality photo-duplicated copies as complete volumes only.
Earlier issues are available in HTML format.
Earlier issues are available on microfilm from the starting dates of each newspaper.
Earlier issues are available on microfilm.
Earlier issues are available via post.
Earlier issues are on microfilm.
Earlier issues are rather necessary in order to understand current issues.
Earlier issues have excellent elementary electricity lessons.
All earlier issues are downloadable.
All earlier issues are out of print.
Some earlier issues are partially available online.
Earlier kernels have problems with the memory protection implementation.
Earlier kernels require a source code patch be applied to the kernel sources.
Earlier lenses are chrome, later lenses are black.
Earlier letters are strongly encouraged.
Earlier levels expand the students' grasp of phonetic sounds and combinations.
Earlier lists indicate only what an employee did, annual wage, and when contract expired.
Earlier listings are available.
Earlier loads are usually on full feed until they are shipped.
Earlier locomotives have two gauges, one for each cylinder bank outlet.
Many earlier machines are non-compliant.
Earlier maps show only small parts of the coastline.
Earlier maps show the old route for the eastern end.
Earlier material forms the basis for what comes later.
Earlier material is in both German and English.
Earlier material is primarily information regarding scholarships and entrance examinations.
Earlier materials are generally only available in microform.
Some earlier material is included.
Earlier medals are undated.
Earlier models have a hydraulic switch at the end of the master cylinder.
Earlier models require one or the other.
Earlier news is included in the main search .
Earlier news is on the bottom of the index page now, seperated per kwartel.
Earlier notification is possible if an email address is provided.
Earlier notification is preferred.
Earlier ones give only the name of the head of household and the age group of the family.
Earlier ones list females when Widowed or living alone.
Most earlier ones are incomplete and inaccurate.
Earlier opinions are at another site.
Earlier papers address the latter problems, but dropouts remain a problem in many environments.
Earlier papers are welcome.
Earlier papers can be send upon request.
Some earlier papers are available below.
Earlier patents are only accessible by patent number or classification.
Earlier payment can attract discounts.
Earlier payment is a further advantage.
Earlier people use to ignore e-mails.
Earlier periods have comparative Anatolian and Egyptian timelines.
Earlier photos are a mix of scans of prints and photos taken with older digital cameras.
Earlier photos follow.
Earlier photos mask the color of the stone under years of accumulated soot and coal smoke.
Earlier photographs are even more rare.
Earlier photographs show a higher pitch to the roof, which was covered with wood shingles.
Earlier pictures are from various other sources.
Earlier pictures follow.
Earlier pictures show a 'striped' roof, while later ones show a uniform colouring.
Earlier planting is a major advantage in wet springs.
Earlier planting means higher yield potential.
Earlier planting produces prettier blooms that last longer.
Earlier plantings are more susceptible to corn borers.
Earlier polls show that it was already in place before the fatalities occurred.
Earlier proposals suggest specific reference to abolition of the necessity of a videlicet.
Earlier queries can be back-referenced in the current query.
Earlier questions count more than later ones.
Earlier rates are on a cohort basis.
Most earlier recommendations remain unchanged.
Earlier records are more sporadic and less detailed in their recording of precise data.
Earlier records contain basic bibliographic data and the exemplary claims only.
Earlier records have a bias towards German language publications.
Earlier records indicate that many of our lines actually began in Virginia or North Carolina.
Earlier registration is advised.
Earlier registration is however advisable as space is limited.
Earlier registration is necessary to finalize visa formalities in time.
Earlier release works quite well.
Earlier releases are still available in the ftp directory.
Earlier repair insures better long-term heart function and better heart response to exercise.
Earlier report seems in error.
Earlier reports are also available below.
Earlier reports are available in hard copy at no cost.
Earlier requests receive a better choice of seats.
Earlier research shows diverse results in the age distribution of inmates who committed suicide.
Earlier research shows that keeping it all inside can put women at a health risk.
Earlier reservation increases the likelihood of availability.
Earlier reservations are necessary.
Earlier results are sketchy and incomplete.
Earlier retention exacerbates a student's tendency to drop out.
Earlier review is possible when justified by the record of accomplishment.
Earlier reviews are accessible through the ebookstore catalogue under the title.
Earlier scenes appear on following pages.
Earlier schedules contain less information than later ones.
Some earlier scripts use the End statement when they are done.
Earlier sets are lined with velvet or some similar material, later sets have all wood interiors.
Earlier settlements save time, money, and emotional expenditure.
Earlier settlers are of unknown descent.
Earlier shipments are by special arrangement only and are at the customer s risk.
All earlier sites are within a mile of the current location.
Earlier sonograms are usually the most reliable.
Earlier stages are unaffected.
Some earlier Stations are now closed, or have merged with other stations.
Earlier statistics are here.
Earlier statistics reflect on hits on the cpcug.org server only.
Earlier studies suggest than an inborn tendency to develop bipolar disorder runs in some families.
Earlier studies suggest that an inborn tendency to develop bipolar disorder runs in some families.
Earlier studies suggest that an inborn tendency to develop schizophrenia runs in some families.
Earlier studies suggest that homosexual orientation runs in some families.
Earlier submission allows for easier interview scheduling.
Earlier submission is advisable since spaces are limited.
Earlier submission is advisable.
Earlier submission is appreciated , to avoid a backlog if many titles come in at once.
Earlier submission is appreciated.
Earlier submission is encouraged and appreciated.
Earlier submission is encouraged, however, to ensure there are no technical difficulties.
Earlier submission is encouraged.
Earlier submission is recommended.
Earlier submissions are welcome.
Earlier submissions have a higher priority for review and better chance for acceptance.
Earlier suggestions are right on.
Earlier symptoms become more frequent and more pronounced.
Earlier synapsids replace their teeth throughout life, as sauropsids also do.
Earlier temperatures are very uncertain.
Earlier testing is thought to be associated with a small risk of fetal limb damage.
Earlier times are strikingly different.
Earlier titles are available upon request - see above.
Earlier training means an earlier entry into the work force.
Earlier treatment improves survival by minimizing the extent of damage.
Earlier trips are available by reservation.
Earlier trips are primarily official, while later ones are political.
Earlier use is encouraged.
Earlier varieties are usually the most infested.
Earlier version applies to case.
Earlier version are probably very similar.
Earlier versions are also available.
Earlier versions are available for a discounted price.
Earlier versions are available in the same directory .
Earlier versions are available online in Spanish and in Russian.
Earlier versions are compliant with minor issues.
Earlier versions are full of bugs.
Earlier versions are in varying degrees of compliance.
Earlier versions are more problematic.
Earlier versions are presumably vulnerable too.
Earlier versions are slightly different.
Earlier versions are still accessible.
Earlier versions are still available on the ftp site.
Earlier versions are too unstable.
Earlier versions are unlikely to be encountered in commercial web servers.
Earlier versions are unlikely to be usable.
Earlier versions are unstable.
Earlier versions are untested, but likely to be compliant.
Earlier versions are vulnerable.
Earlier versions are, in some cases, unable to access all Web-based resources.
Earlier versions do exist but the sound quality is inferior.
Earlier versions exaggerate the effectiveness of green manuring.
Earlier versions follow a different procedures path.
Earlier versions have a similar but different layout.
Earlier versions have an all black metal barrel.
Earlier versions have different hotkey assignments in many of their dialog boxes.
Earlier versions have problems with cache control and cookies.
Earlier versions have USB support.
Earlier versions require different steps which are covered later.
Earlier versions seem unaffected.
Earlier versions tend to give CRC errors on files.
Earlier versions use a single, long, low beep.
Some earlier versions are also available.
Some earlier versions do have problems.
Some earlier versions have bugs.
Earlier volumes are abstracts only.
Earlier volumes are available in print.
Earlier volumes are available in the stacks.
Earlier volumes are in German, later volumes in English.
Earlier volumes are in microfiche on the first floor.
Earlier volumes are in stacks.
Earlier volumes are in storage.
Earlier volumes are in Store.
Earlier volumes are in the stacks, with the same call number.
Earlier volumes are in the stacks.
Earlier volumes are out of print.
Earlier volumes contain older recordings, some of which have been withdrawn.
Earlier volumes have dust jackets, generally in only fair condition.
Some earlier volumes are available for purchase at prices depending on scarcity and condition.
Earlier work is referenced above.
Earlier work suggests that axially localized solutions are the physically preferred buckling modes.
Earlier work suggests that axially-localised solutions are the physically prefered buckling modes.
Earlier works tend to be on higher numbered pages.
Earlier years are also available.
Earlier years are available in print format.
Earlier years are available on the network or in printed formats.
Earlier years are currently available off line.
Earlier years are in some way easier in that the datedness of the material is more evident.
Earlier years are in stacks.
Earlier years are on index shelves.
Earlier years are on microform and are filed with the newspaper on the second floor.
Earlier years have sporadic reviews listed by author and subject.
Earlier years have volume indexes in the lever arch files.
All earlier years are in Documents.
Earliest applicants receive earliest consideration.
Earliest births appear first.
Earliest burials are two infants.
Earliest chain is taken for a representative and compared with every other chain.
Earliest change is a poorly defined pale area, some with hemorrhagic changes.
Earliest change is the growth of the testes.
Earliest colors appear in the Northeast Kingdom and along the spine of the Green Mountains.
Earliest corn has black layered.
Earliest corn is silking, with great variability in maturity in early plantings.
Earliest dates are photocopies and intermittent.
Earliest dates are photocopies.
Earliest dinosaurs appear.
Earliest issues contain only the Dutch maps and views, with the new English text.
Earliest ones have two small holes to pass the gut through to tie on to the banjo.
Earliest organisms are prokaryotes that heterotrophically survived by fermenting early biomolecules.
Earliest pickup is at least a week away.
Earliest posts are first, most recent follow sequentially.
Earliest postmark gets the space.
Earliest recollections provide an elegant projective tool for gaining useful therapeutic insight.
Earliest records are incomplete and difficult to read.
Earliest records show mostly the line of inheriting sons.
Earliest signs are abnormal heart beats.
Earliest testing provides earlier options for follow-up diagnostic testing if needed.
Earliest travellers are chiefly adults.
Earliest use is in reference to human life.
Earliest versions dial up, later flip up type with simpler knob.
An earlobe is a lobe
Earlobe isa lobe.
Earlobes have (part) corpi.
Earlobes usually heal quickly with minimal scarring.
Early abortion is a very safe procedure performed under local or general anesthesia.
Early abortion is characteristic of bovine trichomonosis.
Early abortion offers numerous advantages to women and providers.
Early abortions are safest and easiest.
Early abuses become the precedent for brazen action and greater encroachments.
Early acceptance is a big plus.
Early acceptance is important for proper planning, so apply as soon as possible.
Early acceptance is important for proper planning.
Early acceptance is possible by slide.
Early accounts differ from today's 'official' explanation of bombing.
Early accounts seem to indicate that online instruction is an attractive alternative.
Early accounts show the area was prone to flooding and was a virtual swamp for much of the time.
Early accounts suggest that the population was once considerably higher.
Early accounts use many different spellings, sometimes in the same document, to mean the same thing.
Early achievement is the foundation of continuing success.
Early action can head off many problems before they get out of hand.
Early action can open doors as others close.
Early action can preempt negative publicity.
Early action can reduce impact on racing.
Early action creates a positive reputation for their community.
Early action gives the student time to apply to other colleges, if necessary.
Early action is definitely the rising trend.
Early action is indeed the key for tackling the twin problems of unemployment and social exclusion.
Early action is key to managing ankle injuries resulting from overuse.
Early action is key to realizing synergies and establishing momentum.
Early action is key to slowing the pace of change.
Early action is needed to prevent the situation from deteriorating further.
Early action is part of best practice.
Early action is stressed as classes fill quickly.
Early action is vital to prevent further dangerous impacts on the environment from climate change.
Early ads indicate they sold firearms and ammunition.
Early adapters can play a role in the change process.
Early admission can have definite psychic benefits.
Early admission eliminates much of the guess work.
Early admission is at a rate that is equal to last year.
Early admission is conditional.
Early admission is required for consideration for most scholarships.
Early admissions is pending completion of secondary school graduation requirements.
Early adolescence appears to be a positive time for youth.
Early adolescence can be a stressful time for children, parents, and adults who work with teens.
Early adolescence is a challenge for youngsters as well as their parents and teachers.
Early adolescence is a critical period for addressing anemia in both girls and boys.
Early adolescence is a crossroads in women's psychological development.
Early adolescence is a distinctive developmental stage of life.
Early adolescence is a formative time.
Early adolescence is a period of transition.
Early adolescence is a sort of limbo between childhood and real adolescence.
Early adolescence is a time for students to experience independence.
Early adolescence is a time when peer acceptance ranks high among student priorities.
Early adolescence is a wonderful time.
Early adolescence is also a period of intense conformity to peers.
Early adolescence is an age of heightened curiosity characterized by a sense of adventure.
Early adolescence is an area in which there is considerable data available for such work.
Early adolescence is characterized by many growth spurts.
Early adolescence is characterized by significant growth and change.
Early adolescence is marked by rapid physical growth and maturation.
Early adolescents are aware of the reciprocal nature of peer and community influence.
Early adolescents can be responsible and effective in a variety of liturgical ministries.
Early adolescents differ from students at the elementary and high school levels in many ways.
Early adoption is encouraged.
Early adoption is permissible.
Early adoption is permitted.
Early adulthood is a time of extensive and varied friendship network.
Early adulthood is a transition period.
Early adulthood is entered when men begin careers and families.
Early advertisers can win favorable treatment from grateful sites and networks.
Early advice makes such provision easier.
Early afternoon is generally mostly sunny with the low clouds moving back in by evening.
Early afternoon seems best.
Early afternoons are devoted to conservatory in voice and movement.
Early afternoons are free for discussions, volleyball at the beach, jogging, swimming, etc.
Early albums contain correspondence as well.
Early alerts allow time to catch the real bottom.
Early ambulation is encouraged, with the lateral ligaments protected in an air cast.
Early ambulation is essential for the prevention of postoperative complications.
Early ambulation is important in the treatment of elderly with heart attack.
Early ambulation is important.
Early amphibians adapt to life.
Most early amphibians adapt to life.
Early amputation has no place in the management of cold injury.
Early amputation is more effective than delayed amputation.
Early analyses show the fuselage buckling value increasing with removal of the bar offsets.
Early ancestors eat diets.
Early ancestors follow diets.
Early ancestors have diets.
Most early ancestors eat diets.
Most early ancestors follow diets.
Most early ancestors have diets.
Some early ancestors rely on plants.
Early anthropology emphasizes the visual display of objects and people.
Some early apparatus seems to have been designed for maximum exposure.
Early appearance is nonspecific, usually identical with linear form.
Early apples continue to be harvested.
Most early apples are best for fresh eating, salads, fruit cups and desserts.
Some early apples are just too tart for eating out of hand, but they make wonderful jelly.
Early applicants are more likely to receive an offer.
Early applicants get early interviews.
Early applicants get priority consideration.
Early applicants have a better chance of going to their first choice of sites.
Early applicants have a greater likelihood of receiving their choice of courses.
Early applicants have access to all funds.
Early applicants have an advantage in being considered for admission.
Early applicants have an advantage in meeting financial aid deadlines.
Early applicants have an advantage in meeting scholarship and financial aid deadlines.
Early applicants have the best choice of location and academic program.
Early applicants receive early interview invitations and that means more choice of interview dates.
Early applicants receive preference.
Early applicants receive priority consideration.
Early application allows sufficient time for processing of financial assistance applications.
Early application ensures early consideration for acceptance, financial aid, and housing.
Early application improves opportunities for funding.
Early application improves the chance of admission.
Early application increases an applicant's chance of placement in the preferred major.
Early application increases likelihood of preferred assignment.
Early application increases the probability of receiving financial assistance.
Early application increases the student s chances for assistance.
Early application is advisable as numbers are limited .
Early application is advisable due to lengthy waiting lists.
Early application is advisable due to the limited number of positions in the program.
Early application is advisable for any term.
Early application is advisable since the course is usually fully booked.
Early application is advisable to avoid delay.
Early application is advisable.
Early application is advised .
Early application is advised as courses are heavily over subscribed.
Early application is advised as enrollment in health programs is limited.
Early application is advised as enrollment is limited.
Early application is advised as many programs fill before the deadline.
Early application is advised as places are limited.
Early application is advised as special student places are limited.
Early application is advised for many programs.
Early application is advised in both instances.
Early application is advised since class size and housing are limited.
Early application is advised to ensure acceptance and course selection.
Early application is advised, as courses are usually oversubsribed.
Early application is advised, preferably six months.
Early application is advised, since the number of applicants each year exceeds program capacity.
Early application is advised, since there are a limited number of seats available in the program.
Early application is advised.
Early application is also necessary if interested in an internship.
Early application is always advisable.
Early application is beneficial.
Early application is best.
Early application is critical to receiving maximum benefits.
Early application is critical with most herbicides.
Early application is critical.
Early application is desirable in order to insure the availability of funds.
Early application is desirable.
Early application is encouraged and appreciated.
Early application is encouraged and is of advantage to applicants.
Early application is encouraged as class size is limited.
Early application is encouraged as some programs fill quickly.
Early application is encouraged as space is limited.
Early application is encouraged because class size in limited.
Early application is encouraged because class size is limited.
Early application is encouraged because of the individualized service and home stay arrangements.
Early application is encouraged due to limited facilities.
Early application is encouraged due to limited funds.
Early application is encouraged due to the high demand for available money.
Early application is encouraged for all programs.
Early application is encouraged for international candidates.
Early application is encouraged for priority consideration for financial assistance.
Early application is encouraged for priority standing relative to financial awards.
Early application is encouraged since spaces are limited.
Early application is encouraged to allow for yearly planning.
Early application is encouraged to ensure access to all sources of support.
Early application is encouraged to ensure availability of funds.
Early application is encouraged to ensure consideration for quota programs.
Early application is encouraged to ensure individual consideration.
Early application is encouraged to ensure the best posible selection of courses.
Early application is encouraged to ensure the best possible chance for admission.
Early application is encouraged with the deadline determined by each program.
Early application is encouraged, as class size is limited.
Early application is encouraged, as space in the program is limited.
Early application is encouraged, as the process of selection is competitive.
Early application is encouraged, especially for students seeking travel fellowships.
Early application is encouraged, particularly if application for an assistantship is contemplated.
Early application is encouraged, particularly if one wishes to be considered for an assistantship.
Early application is encouraged, when possible, for maximum consideration.
Early application is encouraged.
Early application is essential due to the limited number of scholarships available.
Early application is essential for counseling and admission to the program.
Early application is essential for securing a room in a self-catered hall.
Early application is essential to ensure that the necessary arrangements can be made.
Early application is essential.
Early application is helpful.
Early application is highly encouraged.
Early application is highly recommended.
Early application is important, as funding is limited.
Early application is important.
Early application is necessary for effective disease control.
Early application is necessary since spaces are limited.
Early application is necessary.
Early application is permissible.
Early application is permitted.
Early application is recommended as delegate places are limited.
Early application is recommended for all appointments.
Early application is recommended for all programs.
Early application is recommended for best selection of classes at registration.
Early application is recommended for consideration for financial aid.
Early application is recommended for greatest financial aid and housing availability.
Early application is recommended for maximum enrollment opportunity.
Early application is recommended particularly for doctoral applicants.
Early application is recommended since assignment is made on a first come, first serve basis.
Early application is recommended since assignments are made on a first come first serve basis.
Early application is recommended since class size is limited.
Early application is recommended since space is limited.
Early application is recommended to assure consideration for the program of choice.
Early application is recommended to get best choice of classes and if interested in an internship.
Early application is recommended to insure a space in the program.
Early application is recommended, as enrollment is limited.
Early application is recommended, as seats are limited .
Early application is recommended, as space is limited.
Early application is recommended, particularly for international students.
Early application is recommended, since receipt of loans can take up to five months.
Early application is recommended.
Early application is required.
Early application is so vital.
Early application is still advisable.
Early application is strongly encouraged and early applicants are given preference.
Early application is suggested as accommodation is limited.
Early application is suggested for students seeking financial support.
Early application is suggested.
Early application is the key to obtaining financial aid.
Early application is therefore advisable.
Early application is urged.
Early application is vital.
Early application is, however, encouraged to allow for any delays.
Early applications accelerate drug design and monitoring of magnetic data-storage materials.
Early applications are desirable.
Early applications are essential.
Early applications are highly encouraged for students who wish to secure a position in the program.
Early applications are often more successful than later ones.
Early applications are particularly helpful.
Early applications are strongly encouraged.
Early applications are therefore advisable.
Early applications are therefore more likely to be successful.
Early applications are typically more competitive for university or departmental funding.
Early applications are welcome.
Early applications have better chances for acceptance in some institutions.
Early applications have greatest priority.
Early applications have the best chance of placement.
Early applications includes the use of the windmill or watermill to pump water.
Early applications is encouraged.
Early applications produce better aid than last-minute submissions.
Early applications receive first consideration.
Early applications receive first priority for available funds.
Early applications receive fullest consideration.
Early applications receive preference.
Early applications receive priority consideration .
Early applications receive priority consideration.
Early applications receive priority.
Early applications sent are always beneficial, as they get reviewed and evaluated first.
Early appraisal is desirable.
Early arrival ensures better seating.
Early arrival guarantees the best seating.
Early arrival is advised as seating is limited.
Early arrival is advised.
Early arrival is appreciated.
Early arrival is best to guarantee parking availability.
Early arrival is encouraged as seating is limited.
Early arrival is encouraged for best seating.
Early arrival is encouraged to participate in orientation activities.
Early arrival is encouraged.
Early arrival is essential on the morning of the show.
Early arrival is helpful.
Early arrival is necessary for bike set up.
Early arrival is recommended as it quickly becomes crowded.
Early arrival is recommended as spaces are limited.
Early arrival is recommended due to the limited seating available in the theater.
Early arrival is recommended for campus parking.
Early arrival is recommended for day-use.
Early arrival is recommended.
Early arrival is suggested.
Early arrival raises safety issues as well.
Early arrivals act independently.
Early arrivals are less likely to be lost in the shuffle.
Early arrivals are responsible for paying camping fees and hookups directly to the resort.
Early arrivals are the sole responsibility of the camper and the camper s parents.
Early arrivals are welcome to check in and drop off luggage.
Early arrivals await the opening of a metal ceiling-to floor grate inside the building.
Early arrivals can go for an informal dinner together.
Early arrivals can leave luggage in baggage store.
Early arrivals can pick up their registration packages before the evening activities begin.
Early arrivals can register in the office and begin to enjoy the lodge facilities.
Early arrivals can swim, play tennis, play golf, hike or explore on their bikes.
Early arrivals create a problem with supervision.
Early arrivals enjoy a moment together.
Early arrivals get to watch batting practice.
Early arrivals go to the covered area.
Early arrivals means early pick ups.
Early arrivals reach the northern states while the ground is still under snow.
Early arrivals welcome.
Early arthrodesis is advocated in the treatment of a flail shoulder in children.
Early articles focus on organization and socio-technical systems design.
Many early articles are in German, newer articles are in English, and some are in French.
Early aspects encourage settlements, compromises and adjustments.
Early assessment is vital.
Early assessments show that the models work.
Early assimilation leads to quicker and competitive solutions.
Early associations endear but they also confuse.
Early associations endear, but they also confuse.
Early assumptions can bias the interpretation of evidence found later.
Early astronomy combines with drawing facial expressions.
Early asymmetries are detectable by measuring the polarization of the emitted light.
Early attachment is based on nourishment.
Early attacks respond well to treatment, only to reappear within weeks or months.
Early attempts sound a bit like bad digestive ailments.
Early attention is important to produce a favorable outcome.
Early attention is required because of the risk of myositis ossificans.
Early attention is vitally important.
Early attrition is vastly superior to late attrition.
Early audition is recommended.
Early autumn is bright and idyllic.
Early autumn is the height of the typhoon season and is marked by heavy downpours.
Early autumn seems to be the best time to plant garlic.
Early availability is limited.
Early babies can develop jaundice.
Early batches have different bodywork details.
Early battles are simplistic, and the game can seem shallow at first.
Early beans are ready for picking.
Early bids are in the right ballpark.
Early bilinguals have identical representation of their two languages.
Early binding is an option.
Early binding is efficient whereas late binding is flexible.
Early binding is supported for application programs.
Early biopsies reveal a dense monomorphous histiocytic infiltrate in the dermis.
Early biopsy is often the key to diagnosis.
Early biopsy is recommended for atypical lesions.
An early bird is an arrival
Early bird can enjoy the breath taking sunrises.
Early bird catches the worm .
Early bird catches the worm.
Early bird gets the chair.
Early bird gets the return.
Early bird gets the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
Early bird gets the worm.
Early bird wants worm.
Early birds are arrivals.
Early birds are risers.
Early birds arrive early just to get the good deals.
Early birds bring bucks Area businesses are out to bag a few extra dollars.
Early birds can greet old friends and relax while sampling munchies.
Early birds can have their orders filled and ready for shipment.
Early birds catch the worm.
Early birds catch worms.
Early birds get the good deals.
Early birds get the worm.
Early birds get the worms.
Early birds get T-shirts.
Early birds get worms.
Early birds grab a handful.
Early birds pay double.
Early birds sign in and enjoy cookies, coffee, and or juice.
Early birds welcome.
Most early birds get worms.
Some early birds have teeth.
Early blastocysts contain fluid.
Most early blastocysts contain fluid.
Early blight affects both tomatoes and potatoes.
Early blight can cause a decrease in fruit quantity and quality.
Early blight causes large target-like spots near the stem of green or ripe fruit.
Early blight continues to progress as vines begin to reach the end of the growing season.
Early blight has different symptoms.
Early blight injures foliage and reduces overall yields.
Early blight is a common tomato disease that is caused by a fungus.
Early blight is a fungal disease spread by heavy rainfall and warm temperatures.
Early blight is a fungus disease which shows up as a leaf blight on the lower part of plants.
Early blight is a fungus that affects leaves throughout the summer.
Early blight is a problem, particularly in early varieties, spreading from the leaf to young tubers.
Early blight is a very common disease of both potato and tomato.
Early blight is carried from season to season on crop debris.
Early blight is caused by the fungus Alternaria solani.
Early blight is characterized by dark brown bull s eye-like lesions on lower leaves.
Early blight is characterized by irregular, brown spots that first appear on older foliage.
Early blight is characterized by small, target-shaped lesions on the foliage.
Early blight is detectable in some areas, no other disease problems to report.
Early blight is easy to find in many fields.
Early blight is evident on the leaves.
Early blight is favored by rainy periods with warmer temperatures.
Early blight is favored by warm temperatures and high humidity.
Early blight is known to be more severe in low N soils.
Early blight is one fungal disease that strikes tomatoes.
Early blight is slower and progressive.
Early blight is the most common and wide spread tomato disease.
Early blight occurs in humid weather.
Early blight shows up as a leaf blight on the lower part of plants.
Early blocks have the front breather isolated from the lifter galley.
Early bloom is affect viz.
Early bloom is extremely important to the bees.
Early bloom is often relatively flat, and petal tips are sometimes stippled.
Early bloomers fieldtrip to a location yet to be determined.
Many early blossoms are on field weeds or forest hardwoods.
Early books have simple plots and some repetition.
Many early books have suggestions on how to treat one's husband or children, for example.
Early bookers get the best deals.
Early booking is advisable - three of our four presentaions last season sold out in advance.
Early booking is advisable as numbers are limited.
Early booking is advisable to avoid disappointment.
Early booking is advisable.
Early booking is advised .
Early booking is advised and a wonderful day is guaranteed.
Early booking is advised due to the resort s popularity.
Early booking is advised to avoid disappointment.
Early booking is advised to ensure choice of hotels and special rates.
Early booking is advised to secure a place.
Early booking is advised.
Early booking is always advisable.
Early booking is essential due to the pressures of the tourist season.
Early booking is essential during the tourist season.
Early booking is essential for the summer period.
Early booking is essential to ensure that each group has viable numbers.
Early booking is essential.
Early booking is highly recommended.
Early booking is needed.
Early booking is now advisable to enjoy the experience.
Early booking is recommended as dates fill quickly.
Early booking is recommended as permits for campsites are extremely limited.
Early booking is recommended due to demand.
Early booking is recommended to assure desired dates and times.
Early booking is recommended to gain the preferential accommodation rate.
Early booking is recommended, as on-site availability is limited.
Early booking is recommended, especially for spring and fall programs.
Early booking is recommended.
Early booking is suggested as dates are limited.
Early booking is suggested to ensure choice of hotels and special rates.
Early booking is suggested to ensure choice of hotels at special rates.
Early booking is suggested to ensure hotel choice and rate.
Early booking is suggested to ensure special rates.
Early booking is suggested, and a credit card is necesssary to confirm a reservation.
Early booking is suggested.
Early booking is thus highly advisable.
Early booking puts all parties in certainty.
Early bookings are advisable to avoid disappointment.
Early bookings are advisable.
Early bookings are essential because of school holidays.
Early bookings are essential for both travel and accommodation.
Early bookings are essential for some tours.
Early bookings are essential to secure a place prior to the commencement of programmes.
Early bookings are essential.
Early bookings avoid disappointment.
Early boost means virtually no lag, long engine life, and no internal engine modifications.
Early buckets have small payouts.
Early bugs have made installations difficult, some customers report.
Early buyers get a discount in return for accepting a certain quality risk.
Early buyers get to find out where all the initial problems are.
Early cabbage has heads large enough for use.
Early cameras have chrome top plates, later cameras are all black.
Early cancellation is a basic golfer courtesy.
Early cancellation is available without refund.
Early cancer is locally invasive.
Early cancers have an excellent prognosis while advanced cancers have a poor prognosis.
Most early cancers produce no symptoms.
Many early candidates have prior experience elsewhere.
Early canola is in bloom.
Early cards use the abbreviation mc instead of MHz.
Early cardiomyopathy is difficult to recognize.
Early care begins.
Early care can ensure that any potential problems are identified and treated as soon as possible.
Early care is a solid investment.
Early care is the best way to discover and treat potential problems.
Early care is the key.
Early cases submitted without prior consultation are unlikely to be approved.
Most early cases are short term.
Most early cases respond well to specific intrinsic stretching exercises.
Some early cases refuse to make any exception for legal services organizations.
Early castration is the most humane approach to castration.
Early cataracts can also cause difficulty when driving at night.
Early caves show mixture of Central Asian and Chinese styles.
Early censuses give the town and range numbers rather than township names.
Most early censuses cover only population statistics.
Early changes reduce the cost and impact on the delivery schedule.
Some early changes are deceptively easy.
Early chapters are hard to read, lacking smooth narrative flow.
Early chapters are probably most useful.
Early chapters concentrate on standalone applications that use text input and output.
Early chapters cover breast-feeding basics.
Early chapters cover each step in making a simple, one color decal with a photographic screen.
Early chapters cover general principles, rationales, examples, and testing.
Early chapters cover informal material, including definition and informal fallacies.
Early chapters cover the basics of objects and modeling real-world problems.
Early chapters cover the digestive system, nutrients, supplements, and worming.
Early chapters deal with basics, such as pronunciation, pronouns, and grammar.
Early chapters deal with nuclear fission and energy production by commercial power plants.
Early chapters define anthropology, culture, and society.
Early chapters describe basic feeding principals.
Early chapters focus on the lack of coping skills among adults and teens.
Early chapters introduce the different levels and techniques of corpus annotation.
Early chapters start with single words but quickly move into phrases and short sentences.
Some early chapters contain the parables and the concepts of Jainism.
Early checkouts are subject to charges for the full amount owed if the room remains unrented.
Early checkouts disrupt our children's education.
Early childhood activities the professional way.
Early childhood approaches .
Early childhood begins around a year and a half for humans.
Early childhood begins when the toddler starts to walk and talk.
Early childhood caries is the term now used to describe baby bottle tooth decay and nursing caries.
Early childhood credentials a plus.
Early childhood diagnoses and later risk for multiple attempts.
Early childhood encompasses infancy and the toddler years, from birth through age three.
Early childhood experiences fine-tune the brain's synaptic connections.
Early childhood experiences in language arts .
Early childhood experiences in language arts emerging literacy .
Early childhood experiences in language arts.
Early childhood is a critical period of a child's education.
Early childhood is a critical point in the development of all children.
Early childhood is a crucial time.
Early childhood is a particularly critical period of development in the entire lifespan.
Early childhood is a particularly significant period in human development.
Early childhood is a period
Early childhood is a time for growth, hard work and triumph.
Early childhood is a time of wonder and awe.
Early childhood is a unique and important time.
Early childhood is a very special and brief time in a child's life.
Early childhood is all about building relationships and partnerships.
Early childhood is an important time in a child s life.
Early childhood is characterized by a lack of differentiation between the self and the other.
Early childhood is crucial in terms of children's development and well-being.
Early childhood is ideally a time of innocence, happiness, and joy.
Early childhood is studied through discussions, teamwork, and projects.
Early childhood is the critical period in social development .
Early childhood is the critical period of neurological development .
Early childhood is the critical time for brain development.
Early childhood is the formative stage for psychological and intellectual development.
Early childhood is the most critical time for learning and spiritual development.
Early childhood is the most critical time of development for our children.
Early childhood is the most rapid period of development in a human life.
Early childhood is the stage of 'initiative versus guilt'.
Early childhood is the starting point for all love and for all cruelty in later years.
Early childhood is the time for playing with language.
Early childhood is where learning begins.
Early childhood learning experiences, however, are particularly important to literacy development.
Early childhood marks the beginning of the child's first experience with the wider community.
Early childhood Offers developmentally appropriate activities and pre-emergent literacy skills.
Early childhood refers to the time period between birth and eight years of age.
Early citizens protest on waste dumping in Massachusetts waters.
Early civilization appears to have been very primitive.
Early classes are often smaller and easier to get into.
Early classes deal with the Jewish calendar and each girl's Hebrew birthday.
Early clients range from textile companies to law enforcement authorities.
Early closure is easier because of pliability of the bony structures of the pelvis in young infants.
Early collections show that aphids have been infected with the fungus through the water.
Early commerce is believed to have been limited to foraging.
Early commitment is essential in order to finalize the travel plans.
Early commitments have to be reassessed and, perhaps, abandoned.
Early communication can prevent minor concerns from escalating into major problems.
Early communication is rooted in the expression of emotion and use of eye gaze.
Early communion is considered on a case by case basis as requested by the child's parents.
Early complications are generally related to the surgical procedure.
Early conditioning can make or break.
Early confirmation is suggested to ensure an available space.
Early consultation allows the orthodontist to determine the optimum time for treatment to begin.
Early consultation can often deter a major problem.
Early consultation is advisable for review of projects.
Early consultation is advised.
Early consultation is encouraged.
Early consultation is important.
Early consultation prevents later difficulty.
Early consultation regarding the use of steroids and any specific regimen is encouraged.
Early contact can be very important in offering a welcome to new students.
Early contact helps.
Early contact is advised so plans can be made prior to the commencement of study.
Early contact is encouraged.
Early contact is especially important for students planning an individual project.
Early contact is essential.
Early contact is necessary for placement verification.
Early contact is necessary.
Early control is important.
Early control is necessary because aphids reproduce rapidly.
Early conversations can lead to educated decisions that include the advice and input of loved ones.
Early coordination is the best path to success.
Early copy is appreciated whenever possible.
Early corn is just about too large to cultivate.
Early corn is up and growing well.
Early correction allows for normal development of hand function.
Early correspondence focuses on the architectural competition for the riverfront memorial.
Early County is a place filled with history.
Early County is the largest peanut quota holding county in the nation.
Early courses focus on general programs like spreadsheets and use of the Internet.
Early courtship is filled with shy, juvenile, awkward behavior between the man and the woman.
Early coverage appears to provide the greatest benefit.
Early coverage seems to provide the greatest benefit.
Early criticism can stifle the creative flow.
Early criticism is mixed.
Early crowd spurs, peabod, peabod's hubby and zumbido.
Early cultivation causes seedlings to grow faster, possibly as a result of improved soil aeration.
Early cultivation is also a useful practice to be considered in dry conditions.
Early cutting is a cultural control that avoids the use of insecticides.
Early cuttings improve the vigor and seed production of the remaining trees.
Early damage is seen as yellow speckling on the leaf s upper surface.
Early darkness shifts colors of poorly painted walls and the city becomes slightly magical.
Early dates are approximate because of the difficulty of finding exact records.
Early dates are, of course, very approximate, and forms of 'packaging' conjectural but likely.
Early data is worst.
Early data seems good, but so did phen-fen.
Early data show a reduction in teenage pregnancy as well as in school suspension and drop-out rates.
Early data shows a trend towards improved long term survival in stentless valves.
Early data shows that the ordinance is having a significant conservation effect.
Early data suggest some per capita savings and enhanced quality of life for consumers.
Early data suggest that loneliness is a significant predictor of subsequent nursing home admission.
Some early data shows that the mixture of culture and academics appears to be working.
Early dawn is the best time to see wildlife.
Early days Let's start from the very beginning.
Early daycare predicts aggression in preschoolers.
Early deadline poses problems .
Early deadlines allow students to do screening interviews over the winter break and earlier.
Early deadlines apply for special issues.
Early deadlines apply.
Early death is likely.
Early deceleration is believed to be caused by fetal head compression.
Early decelerations are normal and common.
Early decision is a binding commitment .
Early decision is a binding commitment.
Early decision is an excellent idea that comes with a warning.
Early decision is available to students with outstanding academic records.
Early decision is becoming more prevalent and, as it does, institutions add their own twists.
Early decision is binding.
Early decision is for the best and the brightest.
Early decision locks a kid in.
Early decision plays an important role in the college admissions process today.
Early decisions are tough to make.
Early decontamination is necessary to diminish the cumulative effects of radiation.
Early defibrillation is a critical link in the chain of survival, and often the hardest to achieve.
Early defibrillation is a major link in the chain.
Early defibrillation is key in saving sudden cardiac arrest victims.
Early defibrillation is key to saving the lives of victims of sudden cardiac arrest.
Early defibrillation is long overdue in hospitals.
Early defibrillation is the key to saving patients in cardiac arrest.
Early defibrillation is the single most effective way to increase survival.
Early defibrillation is the standard of care therapy for patients in ventricular fibrillation.
Early defibrillation is the step in the chain of survival that most improves survival rates.
Early defibrillation saves lives.
Early defoliation leads to small fruit, weak bud formation, and fall blossoming.
Early defoliation reduces growth and causes loss of crop the following year.
Early delivery assists the shipyard in the installation of pipework.
Early delivery can occur for a number of different reasons.
Early delivery offers no advantage except in case of hydrops.
Early delivery places an infant at a disadvantage, and sometimes initiates lifelong health problems.
Early delivery requires an early order.
Early departure allows for most participants to connect all the way to their home city.
Early departure falls within our cancellation policy.
Early departure forfeits one night's stay.
Early departure is considered leaving before excused by the instructor.
Early departure is recommended.
Early departure results in forfeiture of deposit.
Early departures are dependent on crew availability and are at the master's discretion.
Early departures are disruptive, inconsiderate and unprofessional.
Early departures are handled as cancellations and the same policies apply.
Early departures are subject to a one-night room charge.
Early departures fall within our cancellation policy.
Early departures pay as booked.
Early departures receive a gift certificate for unused time.
Early departures require a note from the parent and student sign-out in the office at departure.
Early departures result in forfeiture of deposit.
Early deposit is required.
Early deposits are necessary due to first come, first serve policy for non-resident tag sales.
Early destruction can result from genetic defects or acquired defects.
Early detection allows for early treatment and a better chance of cure.
Early detection allows for early treatment of certain diseases.
Early detection allows for early treatment which almost always means a good outcome.
Early detection allows for effective treatment that significantly improves patient outcomes.
Early detection allows more options for treatment and greatly improves the chances for a cure.
Early detection allows nine out of ten women to survive breast cancer.
Early detection allows parents to deliver the baby at or near an experienced facility.
Early detection allows people to head for safety with an ample amount of time.
Early detection allows therapeutic intervention and alerts parents to seek genetic counseling.
Early detection allows time for control before seed set.
Early detection allows treatment to begin before cancer has actually developed.
Early detection beats breast cancer.
Early detection benifits outweith adverse consequences of false positives, costs to screen, etc.
Early detection boosts a patient's chances of surviving both breast cancer and prostate cancer.
Early detection can also mean less surgery and can often save the breast itself.
Early detection can also reduce the degree of disfigurement from surgery.
Early detection can avoid costly replacements.
Early detection can be crucial in saving both lives and medical costs.
Early detection can be difficult.
Early detection can be very advantageous to successful breeding programs and treatment regimens.
Early detection can check the growth of tumors while they're small.
Early detection can come from a digital rectal exam and fecal occult blood test.
Early detection can decrease the life span of a cold sore and help prevent the spread of infection.
Early detection can enhance the chance for successful treatment.
Early detection can help employers avoid or reduce disability expenses.
Early detection can help parents and clinicians address individual developmental challenges.
Early detection can help prevent more serious problems from developing.
Early detection can help prevent problems associated with prostate, colorectal and skin cancers.
Early detection can help to prevent a speech problem from interfering with learning.
Early detection can increase the effectiveness of surgery and radiation treatment.
Early detection can keep cancerous tissue from developing and spreading.
Early detection can lead to complete recovery.
Early detection can lead to prevention of hearing loss.
Early detection can lead to successful treatment for many eye conditions.
Early detection can make a big difference in successful treatment of prostate cancer.
Early detection can make a cancer cure more likely.
Early detection can make a critical difference in productivity, costs and product decisions.
Early detection can make a difference in treatment and survival.
Early detection can make learning to communicate easier.
Early detection can mean a better chance of cure or less extreme surgery.
Early detection can mean a cure.
Early detection can mean a smaller operation.
Early detection can mean the difference between a safe trip and a life threatening situation.
Early detection can mean the difference between a safe trip and a survival threatening situation.
Early detection can mean the difference between life and death.
Early detection can minimize or prevent the devastating consequences of substance abuse.
Early detection can offer patients more treatment options.
Early detection can permit aggressive treatment, which can limit the damage done by attacks.
Early detection can prevent further complications and ensure a speedy recovery.
Early detection can prevent many deaths but only one in five people get a routine screening.
Early detection can prevent more serious disease.
Early detection can prevent organ damage, and some ailments are curable if found early.
Early detection can prevent the disease from progressing to a point where surgery is necessary.
Early detection can prevent unnecessary discomforts and can be treated with adequate diet.
Early detection can reduce morbidity and cost.
Early detection can reduce suffering and save lives.
Early detection can reduce the fatality risk.
Early detection can save lives .
Early detection can save lives.
Early detection can save many lives each year.
Early detection can save the testicle.
Early detection can significantly reduce the number of deaths attributed to breast cancer.
Early detection can stop cervical cancer before it develops fully.
Early detection can substantially reduce the risk of colon cancer.
Early detection connected with the newer treatments certainly gives hope for adding years to life.
Early detection does save lives.
Early detection enables doctors to act quickly to treat the disease and reduce symptoms.
Early detection enhances early warning.
Early detection enhances the likelihood of long-term control.
Early detection ensures a better chance for a cure.
Early detection equals early treatment.
Early detection equals long term survival.
Early detection equals protection.
Early detection followed by prompt care offers the best chance to treat breast cancer successfully.
Early detection gives the child the best chance to manage the handicap.
Early detection has a considerable effect on treatment and prognosis.
Early detection has resulted in longer, healthier lives for thousands.
Early detection has the best survival.
Early detection helps minimize the length and cost of treatment while improving recovery options.
Early detection helps prescribe the most appropriate treatment.
Early detection helps saves lives.
Early detection helps to prevent more serious skin breakdown.
Early detection helps.
Early detection improves survival rates.
Early detection improves survival, and simple and available screening texts exist.
Early detection improves survival.
Early detection improves the chances for effective medical and surgical therapy.
Early detection improves treatment outcome.
Early detection increases survival and treatment options.
Early detection increases survival rates for some cancers dramatically.
Early detection increases the breast cancer survival rate.
Early detection increases the chance of survival.
Early detection increases the chances of a better outcome.
Early detection increases the chances of diagnosis and treatment.
Early detection increases the chances of survival.
Early detection increases the likelihood of successful treatment.
Early detection involves many different things.
Early detection is a great benefit of diagnostic technology, yet it can be a two-edged scalpel.
Early detection is a key factor.
Early detection is a key reason for the declining death rate from breast cancer.
Early detection is a major area.
Early detection is a major defense in the battle against breast cancer.
Early detection is a means to detect breast cancer before the onset of symptoms.
Early detection is a vital part of successful treatment of both prostate and colorectal cancer.
Early detection is a woman s best defense against breast and cervical cancer.
Early detection is a woman s best defense.
Early detection is a woman's best defense.
Early detection is a woman's primary defense against breast cancer.
Early detection is about finding the cancer early, when it is most treatable.
Early detection is absolutely critical for good health.
Early detection is achieved by breast self-exams, clinical exams, and mammograms.
Early detection is also important with other, less deadly skin cancers.
Early detection is also more important than ever before.
Early detection is always the best defense against noxious weeds.
Early detection is always the best defense.
Early detection is always the best form of preventive medicine.
Early detection is an important key to successful asthma management.
Early detection is as essential to early treatment and a positive outcome.
Early detection is best.
Early detection is considered particularly important in deterring nuclear war.
Early detection is considered the most effective tool available to fight against breast cancer.
Early detection is critical and cure is likely if treated early.
Early detection is critical for a successful treatment.
Early detection is critical for successful treatment.
Early detection is critical for the clinical management of breast cancer.
Early detection is critical for the survival of the dog.
Early detection is critical in the control of emerging infectious diseases.
Early detection is critical since a new invasion is much easier to control.
Early detection is critical to curing breast cancer.
Early detection is critical to effective treatment and survival.
Early detection is critical to higher survival rates.
Early detection is critical to prevent spread.
Early detection is critical to preventing a serious allergy from developing.
Early detection is critical to seeing the efficacy of therapies.
Early detection is critical to successful treatment.
Early detection is critical to treating breast cancer.
Early detection is critical when treating cancer.
Early detection is critical, since melanoma can spread to other parts of the body quickly.
Early detection is critical.
Early detection is critically important.
Early detection is crucial for successful treatment of cancers.
Early detection is crucial for successful treatment.
Early detection is crucial in successfully treating the disease.
Early detection is crucial to avoiding serious complications.
Early detection is crucial to stopping heart disease.
Early detection is crucial to successful treatment.
Early detection is crucial to the ability to mount a response to control epidemics.
Early detection is crucial.
Early detection is currently the best way to combat breast and cervical cancer.
Early detection is difficult.
Early detection is early survival.
Early detection is easy.
Early detection is especially important because colorectal cancer can exist without any symptoms.
Early detection is essential for proper care.
Early detection is essential for skin cancer.
Early detection is essential for successful treatment.
Early detection is essential for the proper control of foliar pathogens.
Early detection is essential so no permanent damage can be done.
Early detection is essential to control.
Early detection is essential to determining appropriate interventions.
Early detection is essential to ensure a prompt response to a biological terrorist event.
Early detection is essential to protect the house.
Early detection is essential to successful reversal of acute rejection.
Early detection is essential.
Early detection is everyone's best friend.
Early detection is everything.
Early detection is extremely effective against endometrial and colorectal cancer.
Early detection is extremely important in the successful treatment of so many diseases.
Early detection is extremely important.
Early detection is frequently important.
Early detection is helpful.
Early detection is imperative.
Early detection is important as to the prognosis and chance for a cure of cancer.
Early detection is important because it often is impossible to stop a severe problem.
Early detection is important for both.
Early detection is important in containment and subsequent eradication of the alien species.
Early detection is important in determining appropriate treatments.
Early detection is important in maintaining populations below economic injury levels.
Early detection is important in osteoporosis.
Early detection is important to effective treatment.
Early detection is important to enable prompt treatment to destroy the adult heartworms.
Early detection is important to gain control and stop the rust from spreading.
Early detection is important, so monthly self-examination is recommended.
Early detection is important, they said, because of the benefits derived from early treatment.
Early detection is important.
Early detection is key because small larvae are much easier to control than large larvae.
Early detection is key for curing testicular cancer.
Early detection is key for efficient fall armyworm control.
Early detection is key for successful eradication.
Early detection is key in preventing death.
Early detection is key to avoiding complications with worms.
Early detection is key to avoiding the complications of lead poisoning.
Early detection is key to better treatment for colo-rectal cancer.
Early detection is key to controlling and preventing colon cancer.
Early detection is key to effective treatment.
Early detection is key to improving patient management and outcome.
Early detection is key to increasing the survival rate for oral cancer.
Early detection is key to minimizing the chances of permanent damage.
Early detection is key to minimizing the impact of a potential outbreak.
Early detection is key to preventing cancer spread to other parts of the body.
Early detection is key to preventing skin cancer fatalities, in addition to knowing risk factors.
Early detection is key to stopping the problem.
Early detection is key to successful problem solving.
Early detection is key to successful treatment.
Early detection is key to survival.
Early detection is key to surviving breast cancer.
Early detection is key to the system's success.
Early detection is key, and the majority of STDs are treatable and often curable.
Early detection is key.
Early detection is likely to reduce death from lung disease.
Early detection is literally the difference between life and death.
Early detection is more effective against breast, cervical and prostate cancer.
Early detection is more precise now than it was only five years ago.
Early detection is of key importance in the battle against prostate disease.
Early detection is often difficult because the symptoms are often vague.
Early detection is often the critical key to successful treatment.
Early detection is one key to a possible cure.
Early detection is one of the best defenses against breast cancer.
Early detection is one of the keys to surviving breast cancer.
Early detection is one of the primary reasons.
Early detection is our best insurance against serious and catastrophic disease.
Early detection is our only protection.
Early detection is our strongest weapon against cancer.
Early detection is paramount in maintinance and outcome.
Early detection is paramount in treating a variety of ailments successfully.
Early detection is paramount, based on clinical experience and suspicion.
Early detection is paramount.
Early detection is possible through recognition of adult feeding symptoms.
Early detection is required for proper diagnosis.
Early detection is second best.
Early detection is so very important.
Early detection is still the best defense.
Early detection is still the best protection against breast cancer.
Early detection is the best defense against breast cancer.
Early detection is the best defense against lice.
Early detection is the best defense in the treatment of breast disease.
Early detection is the best defense.
Early detection is the best medical protection.
Early detection is the best method for successfully treating the disease.
Early detection is the best possible chance at successful treatment.
Early detection is the best prevention.
Early detection is the best protection against breast cancer.
Early detection is the best protection against cancer.
Early detection is the best protection.
Early detection is the best tool to ensure a cure for cancer.
Early detection is the best way reduce cancer deaths.
Early detection is the best way to avoid infestation of the entire family.
Early detection is the best way to control the disease.
Early detection is the best weapon in the fight against prostate cancer.
Early detection is the first step in treatment.
Early detection is the first step to an effective program.
Early detection is the key factor that determines what type of treatment is necessary.
Early detection is the key to a better long-term survival.
Early detection is the key to a greater chance of survival and more treatment options.
Early detection is the key to a lifetime of good vision.
Early detection is the key to an early cure.
Early detection is the key to being cured.
Early detection is the key to both.
Early detection is the key to combating breast cancer.
Early detection is the key to curing breast cancer.
Early detection is the key to curing skin cancer.
Early detection is the key to curing vision irregularities.
Early detection is the key to dealing with oral cancer.
Early detection is the key to early diagnosis.
Early detection is the key to effective treatment.
Early detection is the key to ensuring successful treatment.
Early detection is the key to fighting cancer.
Early detection is the key to future years.
Early detection is the key to improved survival and cure.
Early detection is the key to improving the chances of successful treatment.
Early detection is the key to maintaining healthy eyes and vision.
Early detection is the key to minimizing vision loss.
Early detection is the key to optimising the treatment options available.
Early detection is the key to preventing blindness.
Early detection is the key to preventing serious illness or death.
Early detection is the key to prevention of serious illness.
Early detection is the key to prevention.
Early detection is the key to reducing aphid infestations.
Early detection is the key to saving sight and maintaining livelihood.
Early detection is the key to successful cancer treatment.
Early detection is the key to successful early intervention.
Early detection is the key to successful treatment of breast cancer.
Early detection is the key to successful treatment of most cancers.
Early detection is the key to successful treatment.
Early detection is the key to successfully battling breast cancer.
Early detection is the key to successfully battling prostate cancer.
Early detection is the key to successfully treating prostate cancer.
Early detection is the key to successfully treating skin cancer.
Early detection is the key to survival and a greater quality of life.
Early detection is the key to survival and greater quality of life.
Early detection is the key to survival.
Early detection is the key to surviving breast cancer.
Early detection is the key to surviving cancer.
Early detection is the key to surviving it.
Early detection is the key to surviving prostate cancer.
Early detection is the key to surviving.
Early detection is the key to the early treatment of breast cancer.
Early detection is the key to the successful treatment of breast cancer, and therefore, of survival.
Early detection is the key to treating breast cancer.
Early detection is the key to treatment and cure in cancer.
Early detection is the key to winning the breast cancer battle.
Early detection is the key to winning the fight against prostate cancer.
Early detection is the key, and the key to early detection is mammography.
Early detection is the key.
Early detection is the mantra of modern cancer care.
Early detection is the most effective way to fight breast cancer .
Early detection is the most important factor in the diagnosis of breast cancer.
Early detection is the most important goal in the management of macular degeneration.
Early detection is the most important thing.
Early detection is the only known way to reduce the number of breast cancer-related deaths.
Early detection is the only way to help prevent a serious and possibly fatal infection.
Early detection is the only way to prevent blindness.
Early detection is the pro-active approach to minimizing damage and maximizing resources.
Early detection is the second key ingredient of our approach.
Early detection is the single most important factor in providing for a cure for melanoma.
Early detection is the single most important factor in treating and curing the disease.
Early detection is the surest way to a cure.
Early detection is the very best weapon against breast cancer.
Early detection is their best chance of beating the disease.
Early detection is therefore crucial for preventing rupture.
Early detection is therefore essential.
Early detection is therefore important.
Early detection is through bone mineral density testing.
Early detection is used to manage infestations before they can spread.
Early detection is very important in diagnosing and treating glaucoma.
Early detection is very important in protecting diabetic patients from vision loss.
Early detection is very important with cervical cancer.
Early detection is very important.
Early detection is vital as the leaking bile causes peritonitis .
Early detection is vital if treatmentis to succeed.
Early detection is vital to prevent fireweed from becoming established.
Early detection is vital to prevent invasion.
Early detection is vital.
Early detection is vitally important.
Early detection is what makes the difference between a breast cancer survivor and a statistic.
Early detection is what saves women's lives.
Early detection is, therefore, critical.
Early detection leads to better control and hopefully prevention of the complications of diabetes.
Early detection leads to better outcomes.
Early detection leads to decreased mortality.
Early detection leads to effective treatment.
Early detection leads to more effective treatment.
Early detection leads to prolonged life.
Early detection make a big difference in preventing progressive damage.
Early detection makes a difference.
Early detection makes a powerful difference in curing many types of cancer.
Early detection makes a significant and proven difference in the treatment of disease.
Early detection makes all the difference.
Early detection makes ALL the difference.
Early detection makes for smaller, more defined eradication efforts.
Early detection makes it possible for some women to be treated with medication instead of surgery.
Early detection makes it so much easier to manage and control a problem.
Early detection makes lice killing much easier.
Early detection makes more successful outcomes possible.
Early detection makes treatment easier and can stop cancer before it begins to spread.
Early detection means a higher survival rate.
Early detection means an outbreak is more easily contained.
Early detection means any problem can be treated quickly before the baby becomes ill.
Early detection means early treatment.
Early detection means easier treatment and less permanent damage.
Early detection means everything with cervical cancer.
Early detection means having the recommended screenings at the proper times.
Early detection means it's curable, so self-examination needs to be a monthly routine.
Early detection means less invasive treatment and a better chance of survival.
Early detection means less invasive treatment and an improved life expectancy.
Early detection means prompt action can be taken.
Early detection means prompt fire extinguishment.
Early detection means screening.
Early detection means survival.
Early detection means that eradication can be carried out at a lower cost to all parties.
Early detection means that the cancer is found when it is smaller.
Early detection means that treatment can be started before serious visual loss occurs.
Early detection means they can be treated more successfully.
Early detection means time for everyone to plan ahead.
Early detection offers a better chance for cure and increased life span.
Early detection offers a greater chance of survival and provides the most treatment options.
Early detection offers our best opportunity for cure or long-term control.
Early detection offers the best chance at long-term survival.
Early detection offers the best chance for cure.
Early detection offers the best opportunity for successful treatment of breast cancer.
Early detection offers the best opportunity for successful treatment.
Early detection offers the best prevention and protection from skin cancer.
Early detection offers the best protection against breast cancer.
Early detection offers the possibility of complete recovery.
Early detection opens the door for early treatment.
Early detection plays a significant role in patients' success in fighting the disease.
Early detection promises a particularly high chance of survival.
Early detection provides better chances for a cure.
Early detection provides more treatment options and a greater chance of survival.
Early detection remains a major challenge.
Early detection remains our most powerful weapon in the war against breast cancer.
Early detection remains the best means of cure.
Early detection remains the best weapon in fighting melanoma.
Early detection remains the key to successful therapy.
Early detection remains the strongest weapon against the disease.
Early detection requires a reliable method for monitoring the temperature inside the freezer.
Early detection requires procedures to monitor both equipment and food.
Early detection requires regular self-examination.
Early detection saves both lives and money.
Early detection saves lives and health care resources.
Early detection saves lives and is easy to do.
Early detection saves lives by identifying cancers when they are the most curable.
Early detection saves lives.
Early detection seems to work best and is achieved by frequent, thorough inspection of plants.
Early detection techniques The ability to detect breast cancer early has dramatically improved.
Early detection translates into early intervention, ergo possibly longer-term survival.
Early detection's often the main difference between becoming a survivor or a statistic.
Early development is a very active period when cell migration is the name of the game.
Early development is normal, and the young adults resemble wild-type embryos of the same age.
Early development is the principle focus.
Early development takes places.
Most early development takes places.
Early diagnosis allows effective treatment and rapid resolution.
Early diagnosis allows for prevention of symptoms through treatment by phlebotomy.
Early diagnosis allows genetic counseling, therapy and testing of at risk relatives.
Early diagnosis allows patients and their families time to try treatment options.
Early diagnosis allows time for conservative treatment and avoids surgical procedures.
Early diagnosis based on clinical findings is difficult.
Early diagnosis can be life-saving.
Early diagnosis can be vital to saving a sick bird's life.
Early diagnosis can help care-givers prepare for the responsibility of taking care of AD patients.
Early diagnosis can help reduce symptoms and prevent complications.
Early diagnosis can increase the possibility of a favorable outcome.
Early diagnosis can lead to cure but delay is dangerous.
Early diagnosis can make a tremendous difference in treatment options.
Early diagnosis can prevent expensive treatment measures such as fumigation.
Early diagnosis can prevent gastric ulcers as well as gastric cancer.
Early diagnosis can prevent serious complications.
Early diagnosis can prevent stunted growth throughout childhood.
Early diagnosis can save lives.
Early diagnosis can significantly reduce the risk of serious complication from diabetes.
Early diagnosis can then lead to treatment well before any cancer develops.
Early diagnosis depends on routine examination.
Early diagnosis drives better treatment options for doctors and patients.
Early diagnosis enables early evaluation and intervention.
Early diagnosis enables the health care provider to initiate timely and successful treatment.
Early diagnosis facilitates aggressive surgical resection.
Early diagnosis focuses on behavior.
Early diagnosis followed by timely repair can often prevent more costly future repairs.
Early diagnosis gives the individual every opportunity to function at an optimal level.
Early diagnosis has many benefits.
Early diagnosis helps in successful treatment of symptoms.
Early diagnosis helps the caregiver to know what to expect and deal with the disease.
Early diagnosis improves the chance of satisfactory treatment.
Early diagnosis increases the chance for a complete recovery.
Early diagnosis increases the patients' chances for a favorable clinical outcome.
Early diagnosis is a definite advantage.
Early diagnosis is a key factor in oral cancer control.
Early diagnosis is a key factor in successful outcomes.
Early diagnosis is a key to successful treatment.
Early diagnosis is a powerful weapon in the fight against prostate cancer.
Early diagnosis is an advantage.
Early diagnosis is another crucial element in reducing cancer- related deaths.
Early diagnosis is associated with a better outcome.
Early diagnosis is assured with state of the art testing.
Early diagnosis is best because the disease is progressive.
Early diagnosis is critical because of the risk of brain damage and or liver damage.
Early diagnosis is critical for successful treatment of wet macular degeneration.
Early diagnosis is critical in order to save the bowel and the infant.
Early diagnosis is critical.
Early diagnosis is critically important.
Early diagnosis is crucial if lasting damage is to be prevented.
Early diagnosis is crucial in order to lower the risk of damage to the heart.
Early diagnosis is crucial to controlling seizures.
Early diagnosis is crucial to survival.
Early diagnosis is crucial.
Early diagnosis is difficult because warning signs are few.
Early diagnosis is especially important for cancer of the uterus.
Early diagnosis is essential and can vastly improve the prognosis.
Early diagnosis is essential and usually necessitates surgical excision.
Early diagnosis is essential as peak bone mineral density is reached in early adulthood.
Early diagnosis is essential for antibiotic treatment to be effective.
Early diagnosis is essential for effective treatment.
Early diagnosis is essential for successful treatment of gas gangrene.
Early diagnosis is essential for the best treatment outcome.
Early diagnosis is essential to effective treatment.
Early diagnosis is essential to good treatment success.
Early diagnosis is essential to personal and occupational safety.
Early diagnosis is essential, yet available tests are still inadequate.
Early diagnosis is essential.
Early diagnosis is extremely important for a growth hormone deficient child.
Early diagnosis is extremely important.
Early diagnosis is facilitated by videofluoroscopy and nasal endoscopy.
Early diagnosis is frequently of great help to patients and their families.
Early diagnosis is great for a natural healthy life, sooner is better than later.
Early diagnosis is half the battle.
Early diagnosis is helpful.
Early diagnosis is imperative for better management and results.
Early diagnosis is imperative to preserve vision.
Early diagnosis is imperative to treat the animal effectively.
Early diagnosis is imperative.
Early diagnosis is important - brain biopsy most definitive method.
Early diagnosis is important and can often lead to a simple and effective cure.
Early diagnosis is important because lymph node status influences survival.
Early diagnosis is important because most prostate cancer is curable in the early stages.
Early diagnosis is important because sleepiness interferes with classroom performance.
Early diagnosis is important for early detection and prevention of cancer.
Early diagnosis is important for optimum management.
Early diagnosis is important for successful treatment of periodontal diseases.
Early diagnosis is important for the early detection and prevention of cancer.
Early diagnosis is important for two reasons.
Early diagnosis is important in achieving excellent cure rates.
Early diagnosis is important in controlling losses by poisonous plants.
Early diagnosis is important in order to salvage both the bowel and the infant.
Early diagnosis is important in order to save the tooth.
Early diagnosis is important since osteoporosis can develop undetected for years, even decades.
Early diagnosis is important so that appropriate treatment can be started immediately.
Early diagnosis is important so that correct treatment can be started at once.
Early diagnosis is important so that treatment can prevent as many complications as possible.
Early diagnosis is important to effective treatment of any form.
Early diagnosis is important to maximize treatment options.
Early diagnosis is important to prevent further damage or complications.
Early diagnosis is important to prevent loss of function.
Early diagnosis is important to provide treatment and to conserve sight.
Early diagnosis is important to receive treatment that maximizes a child's potential.
Early diagnosis is important to treatment.
Early diagnosis is important, because immediate treatment can lessen the damage to the lungs.
Early diagnosis is important.
Early diagnosis is key to effective treatment.
Early diagnosis is key to improving outcomes for treatment of lung cancer.
Early diagnosis is key to optimum management.
Early diagnosis is key to survival.
Early diagnosis is key to surviving breast cancer.
Early diagnosis is key.
Early diagnosis is necessary to avoid health problems.
Early diagnosis is necessary to begin early medical rehabilitation programs.
Early diagnosis is of paramount importance.
Early diagnosis is often complicated due to each individual having varying combinations of symptoms.
Early diagnosis is paramount in preventing further vision loss.
Early diagnosis is paramount.
Early diagnosis is possible only by bacteriological examination of nose and throat secretions.
Early diagnosis is possible using antigen detection by immunolluorescence techniques.
Early diagnosis is possible with modern angiographic and radiological modalities.
Early diagnosis is recommended.
Early diagnosis is so important and there is a great deal all men can do to safeguard their health.
Early diagnosis is so important.
Early diagnosis is the best step for successful treatment.
Early diagnosis is the key to effective treatment.
Early diagnosis is the key to improved treatment of cancers.
Early diagnosis is the key to preventing permanent damage.
Early diagnosis is the key to successful treatment of glaucoma.
Early diagnosis is the key to successful treatment.
Early diagnosis is the key to survival.
Early diagnosis is the key to treatment of the disease.
Early diagnosis is the key.
Early diagnosis is the most important factor that determines the functional outcome.
Early diagnosis is the only effective way to plan management.
Early diagnosis is the single most important factor in determining the outcome of treatment.
Early diagnosis is tremendously important as an early operation can bring about a complete cure.
Early diagnosis is valuable and encouraged.
Early diagnosis is very crucial.
Early diagnosis is very important because breast cancer can be treated best before it has spread.
Early diagnosis is very important in reducing risk of later complications of diabetes.
Early diagnosis is very important so that families can come to terms with their situation.
Early diagnosis is very important so that proper treatment can begin promptly.
Early diagnosis is very important to stave off the progression of the disease.
Early diagnosis is very important where children and adolescents are involved.
Early diagnosis is very important.
Early diagnosis is vital to detect and treat underlying causes and prevent severe vision disability.
Early diagnosis is vital to successful treatment.
Early diagnosis is vital.
Early diagnosis leading to prompt antibiotic treatment is essential to prevent chronic infection.
Early diagnosis leading to prompt treatment is essential to prevent chronic infection.
Early diagnosis leads to best results and survival.
Early diagnosis leads to better treatment and less probability of permanent vision loss.
Early diagnosis limits the risks.
Early diagnosis make possible to perform radical resections and improve survival.
Early diagnosis makes a big difference.
Early diagnosis means earlier targeted treatment, key to remission.
Early diagnosis means early treatment and an improved outcome for the patient.
Early diagnosis means early treatment and better chance of survival.
Early diagnosis means early treatment that can delay or prevent serious complications.
Early diagnosis offers the best hope of optimal outcomes.
Early diagnosis offers the best opportunity for successful treatment of the disease.
Early diagnosis offers the best opportunity for successful treatment.
Early diagnosis opens the door to early interventions that can help many children.
Early diagnosis presents more possibilities for treatment.
Early diagnosis provides the best chance of treating prostate cancer successfully.
Early diagnosis remains illusive for most forms of cancer, for a variety of reasons.
Early diagnosis requires awareness of the presenting features and a high index of suspicion.
Early diagnosis requires high degree of suspicion and echocardiography.
Early diagnosis saves lives by identifying cancers when they are most curable.
Early diagnosis translates into earlier treatment and better outcomes for both mother and baby.
Some early diagnoses increase likelihood.
Early dictionaries have a special importance in the study of English language and literature.
Early differentiation is stereotyped.
Early dinners are available if required.
Early dinosaurs evolve.
Many early directories provide a wealth of historical information on the area covered.
Early discharges are hard to get.
Early discipline is equally so.
Early discouragement is no excuse for quitting.
Early discovery is the key to successfully controlling glaucoma.
Early discovery is the key to successfully controlling the disease.
Early discovery means treatment can be less aggressive with fewer side effects.
Early discussion avoids the additional stress of such decisions at the time of death.
Early discussion reduces the stress of such decisions at the time of death.
Early discussions are positive and hopeful.
Early discussions can be excellent practice ground.
Early discussions focus on assumptions and values.
Early disease is divided into primary and secondary stages.
Early disease requires no specific therapy.
Early disease requires only local therapy to the bladder itself.
Early disease responds well to antibiotic treatment, late disease less well.
Early disembarkations are available for early flights.
Early dismissal carries through next term.
Early dismissal means that school and school bus schedules are moved up two hours.
Some early diversification involves modification.
Many early documents tell of onion cultivation and use.
Early documentation is important.
Early drafts are welcome.
Early drafts have too bad effects.
Early drafts receive no final judgments.
Early drawings depict it as part bird, reptile, mammal, and fish.
Early dreams remain vivid in the imagination.
Early drinkers tend to be heavy drinkers for life.
Early eczema can be red, blistering, or oozing.
Early editions are in the main stacks.
Early editions are quite scarce.
Early editions have applique covers and matching dust jackets.
Early editions have simple, line-drawn artwork.
Early editions have the attractive applique cover that matches the dust jacket art.
Early education does make a difference.
Early education is a key element in engineering and manufacturing career awareness.
Early education is based on trusting relationships and collaboration among children and adults.
Early education is by no means limited to low-income families.
Early education pays big dividends.
Early effect is due to death of parenchymal cells and is seen as inflammation or necrosis.
Early eighties is when the freestyle battles started.
Early ejaculation occurs in men of all ages and of all socioeconomic backgrounds.
Early elation turns to puzzlement, even a slow burn.
Early elections are likely to be a dagger at the heart of democracy in Kosovo.
Early elections are likely to be a dagger in the heart of democracy.
Early elections is the only solution they want the governor to pave the way for.
Early embryos have chances.
Most early embryos have chances.
Early emergence can take advantage of available stored soil moisture and develop before the weeds.
Early emphasis is on skating and hockey fundamentals.
Early emphasis is placed on the linear, trigonometric and exponential functions.
Early engravings show it appearing as a stately home looking over the neighbouring countryside.
Early enquiries welcome.
Early enrollment allows the student to have a broader selection of courses.
Early enrollment ensures that classes have sufficient enrollment to avoid cancellation.
Early enrollment is advisable to avoid enrolling in a class that has been filled to capacity.
Early enrollment is advisable to ensure grouping with a friend.
Early enrollment is advised as class size is limited.
Early enrollment is advised because some camp groups fill quickly.
Early enrollment is advised due to limited capacity on tours.
Early enrollment is advised due to limited class size.
Early enrollment is advised to ensure a place in the class.
Early enrollment is advised.
Early enrollment is encouraged as space is limited.
Early enrollment is encouraged as space is very limited.
Early enrollment is encouraged due to our very high return rate.
Early enrollment is encouraged to ensure a place in the programs.
Early enrollment is encouraged.
Early enrollment is recommended to insure space and foster adequate preparation time.
Early enrollment is recommended.
Early enrollment is suggested.
Early enrolment is advised as attendance numbers are limited.
Early enrolment is advised as places are limited.
Early enrolment is advised to secure a place in any course.
Early enrolment is essential as courses generally fill quickly.
Early enrolment is essential.
Early enrolment is recommended.
Early enthusiasm can give way to backsliding and inertia.
Early entrance is the easiest form of acceleration, academically and socially.
Early entrance is the easiest form of acceleration.
Early entrants can quickly get a name in certain areas.
Early entrants receive a free coffee mug, screened with the race logo.
Early entrants stand to gain tremendously as an extremely explosive growth is forseen.
Early entries are fine.
Early entries are sporadic and often written on the back of accounts.
Early entries give reason for confiscation of evidence.
Early entry helps organizers but the server has been uncooperative lately.
Early entry is encouraged to facilitate race planning and is rewarded with cheaper entry fees.
Early entry is essential.
Early entry is free.
Early entry is optional.
Early entry is through the Halo Bar.
Early environment is an important aspect of the way anyone views the world.
Early eruptions are entirely underwater, but the rate of upbuilding exceeds the rate of subsidence.
Early estimates are available upon request.
Early estimates are available.
Early estimates speak of over a hundred thousand affected.
Some early estimates indicate that Web traffic doubled and sales tripled.
Some early estimates place it in the hundreds.
Early evacuation is the safest way to avoid injury or death.
Early evaluation is positive and there are plans to visit the centres to offer on the spot advice.
Early evaluations are an easy way to collect information from students to improve teaching.
Early evaluations are very positive.
Early evaluations show a definate effectiveness in a graduated licensing system.
Early evaluations show a definite effectiveness in a graduated licensing system.
Many early evaluations are positive but challenges remain.
Early evening is a great time to check out the sunset with a cup of cappuccino.
Early evening is a great time to observe wildlife.
Early evening is associated with greater efficiency of motor skills and constructive reasoning.
Early evening is probably the best time to start decorating.
Early evening is the best time to mow.
Early evening is the most common with late morning second.
Early evening is the usual bad patch.
Early evening is when the action starts.
Early evenings are devoted to lectures by major proponents and founders of breathwork schools.
Early events spring into a new light when the movie takes a sudden twist near the end.
Early evidence indicates that giving children a choice is just as effective as the dessert reward.
Early evidence indicates that the absence of clonal cells predicts survival for any cancer patient.
Early evidence is strongly suggestive of success.
Early evidence shows that legumes control weeds, improve tree nutrition, and increase wood volume.
Early evidence suggests it was borrowed from a language in, or just south of, the Sydney region.
Early evidence suggests that brushing teeth with toothpaste containing zinc reduces plaque buildup.
Early evidence suggests that to a great extent RAMP's strategy has been successful.
Early exams are an inexpensive way of planning for the future.
Early exams are neither encouraged nor guaranteed.
Early examples are auction sites.
Early examples are rare since they are easily destoryed with repeated use.
Early examples can have thinning flutes on either one or both faces of the stem area.
Early examples can show parallel flaking scars.
Some early examples have smoother surface on inside of castings.
Early excision is now a widely used and accepted method of managing burns.
Early exercises emphasize debugging.
Early expectations can have a positive or negative effect on our actual experience with motherhood.
Early experience affects the intergenerational transmission of infant abuse in rhesus monkeys.
Early experience affects the strength of vigilance for threat in rhesus monkey infants.
Early experience determines song dialect responsiveness of female sparrows.
Early experience has lasting effects .
Early experience includes work with nonprofit housing and low-income advocacy groups.
Early experience is an important concept in many fields of psychology.
Early experience is important in forming attitudes which remain into adulthood.
Early experience is known to affect mate preferences in birds.
Early experience is the basis for strong supporting structures in a child's life.
Early experience is very encouraging.
Early experiences are important in shaping the way the brain works.
Early experiences are thus vital to the formation and retention of synapses.
Early experiences are vital to the physical, emotional and spiritual development of the young child.
Early experiences can result in a significant variation in the number of brain cell connections.
Early experiences can result in actual physical changes in brain functioning.
Early experiences do affect long-term development.
Early experiences have a decisive impact on the architecture of a baby's brain.
Early experiences have a decisive impact on the architecture of the brain.
Early experiences have cumulative and delayed effects.
Early experiences interact with natural instincts and shape the ability to learn later on.
Some early experiences are also instructive.
Early experiments indicate efficient solutions are possible.
Early experiments investigate ideas.
Early experiments seem to prove that sea turtles have the ability to detect magnetic fields.
Early experiments seem to show that sea turtles have the ability to detect magnetic fields.
Early experiments show that lucid dreamers have a good comprehension of time while dreaming.
Early experiments suggest it'll work nicely, once the API becomes more definite.
Early experiments suggest that such an approach is feasible.
Early experiments suggest that the above hypothesis is correct.
Early experiments use a paper-clip mass standard.
Most early experiments investigate ideas.
Some early experiments help minds.
Some early experiments show mice.
Early experimentation is the key when looking for the perfect occasion make-up.
Early experimenters let the probe float and measured the voltage with a high impedance meter.
Early explanations prevent long-continued enmities.
Early explorers con't.
Some early explorers bring homes.
Early exposure affects a child's mental ability and cognitive development.
Early exposure helps build literacy and other cognitive skills.
Early exudates are copious, grayish-yellowish, thick and sticky.
Early failures are usually due to an inability to shift from production to administration.
Early fall migrants begin journeys.
Early fall migrants begin southward journeys.
Early fall angling on just about any river throughout the Midwest, can be a lonely proposition.
Early fall brings fish to school and they go chasing shad.
Early fall brings more comfortable weather in the canyon.
Early fall finds fishing enthusiasts' eager to take advantage of both pond and river fishing.
Early fall is a critical time for steelhead, because the water is seasonally the warmest.
Early fall is a good time to apply broadleaf weed killers.
Early fall is a good time to divide fibrous rooted perennials and shrubs.
Early fall is a good time to do it too.
Early fall is a good time to search because heavy undergrowth and insect pests are on the decline.
Early fall is a good time.
Early fall is a great time to begin planning next year s butterfly garden.
Early fall is a great time to hang out a commercial feeder or two.
Early fall is a pretty good time for humans, fair and sunny.
Early fall is an ideal time for fertilizing lawns.
Early fall is best.
Early fall is one of the most pleasurable times of the year to fly.
Early fall is probably the best time to plant, but early spring plantings also fare well.
Early fall is so much better than later fall.
Early fall is the best bet.
Early fall is the best time for priority consideration for housing and scholarships.
Early fall is the best time to collect and is an ideal time for such an assignment.
Early fall is the best time to seed bentgrass in the South.
Early fall is the optimum time to establish tall fescue from either seed or sod.
Early fall is the time to divide bearded irises, peonies, and daylilies.
Early fall is the time to hit the water parks, which close shop when the weather cools off.
Early fall is when the berries start to turn red.
Early fall watch the firemen display their equipment and cook a hearty breakfast.
Early farmers crop up in Jordan.
Early favorites are banana, papaya and avocado because of their mushable texture.
Early feedback gives students an opportunity to improve learning and performance.
Early feedback indicates a successful and beneficial fair.
Early feedback indicates the class is challenging and informative.
Early feedback is obtained.
Early feedback is that they are working in generating new interest and new members.
Early feedback is that three-hour sessions with no break are too long.
Early feedback means smoother operation.
Early feedback reduces the amount of correction needed.
Early fields have relatively larger root systems when rootworm feeding starts.
Some early fieldstones bear the initials of the deceased, or the date of death, or both.
Early files provide applications for admission and readmission to the facility.
Early filing is encouraged.
Early filing is essential.
Early films require extremely bright light, so natural sunlight is utilized whenever possible.
Early findings suggest a link between prolonged breastfeeding and heart disease later in life.
Early findings suggest that volunteer tutoring holds great promise for beginning readers.
Early fish are a mixture of sizes and have varying tastes in lures and baits.
Early fishermen enjoy a continental breakfast.
Early flights can incorporate safety equipment and structural reinforcements.
Early flowers are the point, after all.
Early flowers provide food for insects and bees.
Early Food Producing Era ca.
Early forecasts are often as reliable as a fortune inside a cookie.
Early forecasts call for bright and sunny days ahead for biotech.
Early forms can also scare customers away.
Early freezes kill more canes than much colder winter freezes.
Early frost can kill many insects and plants.
Early frosts are especially destructive.
Early frosts can damage crops as well.
Early frosts can have a devastating effect, as well as early freezes.
Early fruit is more at risk of attack than late fruit.
Early fruit provides food for nesting birds.
Early gains carry over into the elementary years.
Early games count just as much as later ones.
Early gardens are often easier to care for since insects and diseases aren t much of a problem.
Early generations are usually wingless, but by the third generation winged individuals appear.
Early generations feed on corn, tobacco, tomatoes, cotton, and legumes.
Early germination appears crucial for successful seedling establishment in the Southwest.
Early gifts save money on follow-up mailings and phonathon calls.
Most early glass is green because of iron impurities in the materials.
Early glaucoma has no physical symptoms.
Early goals are to obtain range of motion and to reeducate the muscles.
Early gothic can sometimes read more like heroic fiction than anything else.
Early graduation can pose problems.
Early grass is a great benefit on any beef farm.
Early grazing can cause serious damage to meadow grasses.
Early greens are also a lovely addition to a salad or stirfry.
Early grooming is important for all pups.
Early groups are bigger groups.
Early growth becomes more important when corn faces challenging seed bed conditions.
Early growth is an important agronomic trait.
Early growth is caused by maturation.
Early growth is fast, and the form and most other characteristics of the tree are desirable.
Early growth is nutritious, but forage value is only fair due to high fiber and lignin content.
Early growth is rapid, growth begins to slow, later growth falls to zero.
Early growth is rapid.
Early growth is semi-erect.
Early growth is semiprostrate to erect and juvenile plants are without pubescence.
Most early growth is caused by maturation.
Early habitation goes back a long way.
Early hand painted paper masks are very rare and valuable.
Early handwriting varies in legibility and is sometimes undecipherable.
Early harvest can also prevent infestation by fourth generation larvae.
Early harvest encourages additional production.
Early harvest is imperative in heavily infested fields.
Early harvest is one way to mininuze leaf loss, therefore, preserving both yield and quality.
Early harvest is recommended to expose young larvae to high soil temperatures.
Early harvest minimizes losses.
Early harvest prevents internal browning in Asian pears.
Early harvesting is a very effective tool for the management of the alfalfa weevil.
Early harvesting is also advisable in Indiana, but for a different reason.
Early hatching can alleviate some size problems as can space.
Early healing causes redness and inflammation with many activated cells surrounding the area.
Early healing causes redness and inflammation, with many activated cells surrounding the area.
Early heartbeats are faint but audible.
Early help can make a difference.
Early help is always more effective.
Early help is especially important for more severe problems.
Early history is based on primary documents or hypothesis' based on found evidence.
Early history is mythology.
Early History See Irish family coat of arms.
Early homework is always welcome.
Early hours pass away.
Early human ancestors eat diets.
Early humans eat meat.
Early humans make their marks as hunters.
Most early humans eat meat.
Early humanity is childhood.
Early hurt can run very deep and it can be irreversible.
Early hybrids are very fragrant.
Early ice can also be one of the most comfortable and easy periods to fish.
Early ice can be dangerous.
Early ice is the best ice for ice fishing.
Early identification can help prevent cavities and gum disease.
Early identification can prevent problems before they occur.
Early identification can prompt individuals to seek information.
Early identification ensures the timely provision of appropriate services.
Early identification increases the chances for improving communication skills.
Early identification is encouraged.
Early identification is important because intensive early intervention results in improved outcomes.
Early identification is important so that medical and audiologic treatment can be started.
Early identification is key to successful health care management.
Early identification is the key for a program.
Early identification is the key to reducing dysfluencies.
Early illegitimacy can even have a positive aspect, since it proves fertility.
Early images seem more literal than sign like, and seem to have no system to their use.
Most early images show the goddess as a rounded, full figured, abundant, and peaceful being.
Early immunization is the safest, most effective way to prevent childhood diseases.
Early immunization is very effective in preventing disease, disability and death in children.
Early immunization is very important.
Early implants are usually very small and look like clear pimples.
Early implants look like spots or pimples sprinkled on the pelvic surfaces.
Early implementation is encouraged.
Early impressions are hard to eradicate from the mind.
Early impressions can be misleading.
Early improvement is often temporary, but becomes longer lasting with additional treatments.
Early independence is beneficial.
Early indication show both yields and quality to be good.
Early indications appear very promising indeed.
Early indications are all positive.
Early indications are encouraging.
Early indications are excellent crop potential with lots of fat, healthy-looking fruit buds.
Early indications are extremely encouraging.
Early indications are favorable.
Early indications are for a steady market next week, with possible price declines impending.
Early indications are for sharply lower market levels next week.
Early indications are mixed.
Early indications are positive for the recently-launched merchandise module.
Early indications are positive.
Early indications are serious devestation.
Early indications are that all systems are functioning normally.
Early indications are that charter schools are an alternative that many parents prefer.
Early indications are that farmers are well-prepared for sowing.
Early indications are that investors liked what they heard.
Early indications are that it has some useful features.
Early indications are that it is succeeding.
Early indications are that it's a memory management problem.
Early indications are that many companies have an interest in partnering with the school.
Early indications are that many firms are interested in the high-profile assignment.
Early indications are that more children are being placed in their borough of origin.
Early indications are that movement can be restored.
Early indications are that our audiences preferred the new format.
Early indications are that plant disease levels are somewhat reduced particularly root disease.
Early indications are that readers are using the service.
Early indications are that remarkable enhancement of long term outcome can be achieved.
Early indications are that retail use if favored.
Early indications are that some are going beyond their legal obligation.
Early indications are that such offerings are attractive to engineers.
Early indications are that the animals prefer the company of janitors over veterinarians.
Early indications are that the company's argument based on the exchange rate is proving influential.
Early indications are that the course has been beneficial.
Early indications are that the drug is effective for severe depression.
Early indications are that the earthquake ahs caused enormous damage throughout the country.
Early indications are that the effects last for months.
Early indications are that the four year old is a native born calf.
Early indications are that the idea works.
Early indications are that the increased educational efforts have been paying off.
Early indications are that the number of dangerous offender applications is rising.
Early indications are that the optimism is well founded.
Early indications are that the otter project is off to a good start.
Early indications are that the program is a success.
Early indications are that the promises have promise.
Early indications are that the software morphing causes a performance hit.
Early indications are that the theory is on target.
Early indications are that the vaccine can neutralize multiple serotypes of the virus.
Early indications are that there are no such problems.
Early indications are that there is no rush for the exits.
Early indications are that there was good control from a defoliation standpoint.
Early indications are that they are indeed learning.
Early indications are that they're a big hit with everyone.
Early indications are there is a good number of larger fish in the system.
Early indications are very encouraging.
Early indications look good.
Early indications point to a continued excellent relationship with the new administration.
Early indications point to a possible correlation with cutting height.
Early indications reflect that the government is headed in the right direction.
Early indications say the rough has been helped along.
Early indications seem to be that there is strong interest in our university programs.
Early indications seem to be that they can.
Early indications show a marked drop in crime, including a major reduction in juvenile offending.
Early indications show a struggle.
Early indications show improved financial results payback possible within a few months.
Early indications show increased enrollment, as well as registration for a higher number of units.
Early indications show it's possible.
Early indications show no dramatic impact upon the legal environment for prison overcrowding cases.
Early indications show significant improvement in student performance.
Early indications show strong demand for the product.
Early indications show that the new programs are successful.
Early indications show that Tunisia's reforms are reaping rewards.
Early indications suggest that the problem is limited to one particular web browser.
Early indications suggest that very large stockpiles exist.
Early indications suggest the DSS can effectively promote agroindustrial investments.
Early indications suggest the holiday season was a huge success for e-retailers.
Early indications suggest the new processes and added attention to prevention are starting to work.
Early indicators are encouraging.
Early indicators are worrisome.
Early indicators continue to be very positive regarding the new service.
Early indicators point to a possible eruption.
Early indicators point to some success.
Early indicators show a failing grade.
Early indicators show promising marketing support for many of both league's new teams.
Early infancy is considered the time infants are at maximum risk of being sensitized to allergens.
Early infancy is discussed in great detail.
Early infection can lead to root and stalk rots and death.
Early infection causes complete crop loss due to seedling death.
Early infection causes dwarfed heads and shriveled seed.
Early infection causes new shoots to die.
Early infection causes the most damage, because both roots and culms are affected.
Early infection leads to severe stunting of the plant with virtually no yield at all.
Early infection means faster build-up and greater disease severity by the end of the season.
Early infections appear as yellowish spots on the upper leaf surface.
Early infections can result in dropping of the blossoms and young fruit.
Early information is critical.
Early initiation is a consistent risk factor for all problem behaviors.
Early initiation is a positive predictor of sexual frequency.
Early ink signatures on front free endpaper.
Early input can save major costs for revisions later on.
Early inquiry is advisable .
Early inquiry is advised.
Early inquiry is encouraged, especially from sophomores and first-semester juniors.
Early inquiry is essential in order to be assured of meeting application deadlines.
Early inquiry is important because of early application deadlines.
Early inquiry is recommended.
Early instars are cream colored or yellowish-green with few markings.
Early instars are fuzzy, cream colored or yellowish green with few markings.
Early instars are gregarious and solid yellow with black spines.
Early instars are gregarious.
Early instars are mostly black with some white markings and have the appearance of bird droppings.
Early instars differ considerably in appearance from the later instars.
Early instars feed on the lower leaf surfaces.
Early instars feed within the cambial tissues.
Early instars live in leaf rolls.
Early instars skeletonize leaves, and older instars rag leaves.
Early instars skeletonize the underside of soybean leaves, leaving the upper leaf surfaces intact.
Early insult rewires pain circuits.
Early intake is also important in the recovery phase.
Early interaction is of paramount importance.
Early interdiction is one thing.
Early interest is strong from both sides.
Early intervention allows preventive strategies to be adopted.
Early intervention amounts to acute prevention.
Early intervention begins with a little self examination.
Early intervention bridges the gap between diagnosis and school placement.
Early intervention can be critical.
Early intervention can correct postural maladjustments before leading to more severe deficits.
Early intervention can decrease the chances of oral defensiveness developing.
Early Intervention can enable the family to foster their child's development.
Early intervention can forestall more serious problems later.
Early intervention can give an important boost to a child's development.
Early intervention can greatly reduce complications.
Early intervention can help ease anxiety.
Early intervention can help improve speech and language problems among foster children.
Early intervention can help in many ways.
Early intervention can help insure success in future school experiences.
Early intervention can help nip problems in the bud before they become ingrained habits.
Early intervention can help prevent outbursts of violence.
Early intervention can help to build a child's self-confidence.
Early Intervention Can Help.
Early intervention can make a world of difference.
Early intervention can mean the difference between a carefree vacation or an inconvenient breakdown.
Early intervention can minimize and in some cases prevent disabilities.
Early intervention can minimize the amount of damage to the heart.
Early intervention can often be the difference between life and death.
Early intervention can often mitigate the child's problems and stem serious consequences.
Early intervention can often resolve delays before they have a chance to become severe.
Early intervention can optimize results of treatment for communication skills and swallowing.
Early intervention can possibly play a role in an individual's prognosis.
Early intervention can prevent a crisis situation from developing.
Early intervention can prevent chronic or permanent illnesses.
Early intervention can prevent future generations from repeating the cycle of violence.
Early intervention can prevent limb loss or death due to repture.
Early intervention can prevent progression in the latter and more severe stages of the disease.
Early intervention can prevent the onset of stroke.
Early intervention can reduce the number to as little as one percent.
Early intervention can reduce thr rick for worsening problems and additional disabilities.
Early intervention can save the individual years of suffering.
Early intervention can some times prevent the abuse from ever occurring.
Early intervention can spare such children frustration, ensuring a smooth transition to school.
Early intervention can stave off more serious problems.
Early intervention can usually lead to a solution which is acceptable to all involved.
Early intervention can vastly improve a child's chances for a successful outcome and recovery.
Early intervention considers the child within the context of the family.
Early intervention establishes a realistic disability duration for injured workers.
Early intervention gets the child off to a stronger start.
Early intervention has a much more positive impact on reducing injuries.
Early intervention has positive effects on both the child's development and the family.
Early intervention hastens recovery.
Early intervention helps autistic children by using reinforcements to teach behaviors.
Early intervention helps eliminate problems associated with chronic school absenteeism.
Early intervention helps ensure recovery.
Early intervention ie.
Early intervention improves chances of success.
Early intervention improves the chances of a better outcome.
Early intervention increases the chances for successful treatment.
Early intervention increases the chances of the student getting better sooner.
Early intervention is a common concept for both public health and pediatrics.
Early intervention is a deterrent to perpetuating struggling performance beyond third grade.
Early intervention is a key to successful recovery from alcohol or drug dependency.
Early intervention is a keystone of Bridgeport's educational approach.
Early intervention is a nationwide program.
Early intervention is a necessary part of an effective delivery system.
Early intervention is a new form of involuntary treatment.
Early intervention is a provision of services to pre-schoolers.
Early intervention is a strong determinant to successfully treating the juvenile offender.
Early intervention is also of key importance in prevent heart tissue damage.
Early intervention is always highly recommended.
Early intervention is always the best choice.
Early intervention is an important element in assisting people with disabilities.
Early intervention is an important part of the model.
Early intervention is an integral part of the plan.
Early intervention is another key to preventing a child from facing grade retention.
Early intervention is available for eligible preschool children.
Early intervention is available for families no matter where they live.
Early intervention is best.
Early intervention is better than later.
Early intervention is clearly the key to both the new and old versions of wasting.
Early intervention is critical in all areas of medicine.
Early intervention is critical in inhibiting collagen cross-linking and the formation of wrinkles.
Early intervention is critical in order to reach youths, who stand to benefit from treatment.
Early intervention is critical to the development of positive and healthy attitudes about blindness.
Early intervention is critical.
Early intervention is crucial in working with children.
Early intervention is crucial.
Early intervention is designed for patients at increased risk for pressure ulcer development.
Early intervention is desirable to prevent chronic scar formation and development of myofascitis.
Early intervention is essential to overcoming the deleterious effects of life as a foster child.
Early intervention is essential.
Early intervention is fast, inexpensive and can save projects, money and careers.
Early intervention is for children birth through two years of age and their parents.
Early intervention is imperative.
Early intervention is important for preventing long term abuse.
Early intervention is important in the treatment and management of asthma.
Early intervention is important many times in determining the outcome.
Early intervention is important to help the brain and the child.
Early intervention is important.
Early intervention is indicated in all instances of hearing impairment in children and adults.
Early intervention is key in possibly avoiding paralysis.
Early intervention is key to minimize the progression of osteoarthritis.
Early intervention is key when a business is in trouble.
Early intervention is key.
Early intervention is meant to prevent or decrease developmental delays.
Early intervention is most effective and the most cost-effective.
Early intervention is most effective with the full program.
Early intervention is most helpful.
Early intervention is necessary as is constant oversight of cases.
Early intervention is necessary before educational choices are lost due to inadequate preparation.
Early intervention is necessary to counter the daily challenges today's kids face.
Early intervention is necessary.
Early intervention is needed for optimal care.
Early intervention is needed in order to stave off antiretroviral resistance.
Early intervention is never harmful and often critical - depending on the child.
Early intervention is of critical importance for all people with mental illness.
Early intervention is of primary importance.
Early intervention is of utmost importance to work preventively.
Early intervention is of vital importance in acquiring language skills.
Early intervention is often successful in changing destructive behavior.
Early intervention is one of our primary tools.
Early intervention is one of the keys to student success.
Early intervention is paramount.
Early intervention is preferable to crisis intervention.
Early intervention is recommended.
Early intervention is seminal to success in treatment.
Early intervention is stressed and home is considered the most appropriate setting for intervention.
Early intervention is the best prevention.
Early intervention is the best remedy for such conflict.
Early intervention is the best strategy to avoid lifelong consequences.
Early intervention is the best, but it is never too late to start.
Early intervention is the desired goal at the first sign of any relapse during the stable phase.
Early intervention is the first and one of the most critical steps in the managed care process.
Early intervention is the key factor that leads to a favorable prognosis.
Early intervention is the key to a good start with any child who has special needs.
Early intervention is the key to a successful recovery .
Early intervention is the key to effective treatment and the prevention of long term problems.
Early intervention is the key to stopping later acts of violence.
Early intervention is the key to success.
Early intervention is the key.
Early intervention is the latest fashion in mental health.
Early intervention is the most cost-effective treatment in both humane and financial terms.
Early intervention is the most effective and the least difficult.
Early intervention is the next best thing to prevention.
Early intervention is the only alternative to progression of the condition to dropout.
Early intervention is the way to go.
Early intervention is very very very important.
Early intervention is vital.
Early intervention means effective gains in strength, endurance and range of motion.
Early intervention means rapid recovery.
Early intervention means starting to work with children at a very young age.
Early intervention minimizes employee discomfort, possible surgery, and time-off.
Early intervention needs a fair try.
Early intervention nips it in the bud.
Early intervention offers hopeful outcomes .
Early intervention pays off further into their lives.
Early intervention pays off with weed control.
Early intervention prevents client harm and protects the nurse's professional status.
Early intervention prevents many problems from developing.
Early intervention prevents tooth decay, gum disease, and crooked teeth.
Early intervention provides the best chance of helping the alcoholic.
Early intervention provides the best chance of successfully defusing the angry situation.
Early intervention seems to be the key in children with fibromyalgia.
Early intervention speeds recovery.
Early intervention yields optimal results.
Early interventions avoid bigger problems later.
Early interventions prevent new crimes and new victimization.
Much early intervention is child focussed and education based.
Some early intervention is autism-specific.
Early investigation points to an epidemic of drug use in the town.
Early investment promotes later investment.
Early investors receive what appear to be high dividends or interest on their investments.
Early involvement can occur prior to scoping, during scoping, or as a cooperating agency.
Early involvement is key.
Early involvement means better preparation for testimony.
Early involvement reduces the risks and costs associated with acquiring new technology.
Early involvement reduces the risks and costs associated with new technology.
Early involvement results in at least some problems being prevented.
Early issues are now available in album form, and later ones are still in print.
Many early issues are out of print.
Some early issues show a portrait style that resembles a previous emperor.
Early items are chiefly family letters, mostly from North Carolina.
Early judgments are like early impressions.
Early kill is important to reduce the risk of depleting moisture needed for the grain crop.
Early labor begins the work of thinning and opening the cervix.
Early lactation cows experience a period on negative energy balance after calving.
Early lactation is considered independent of level of milk production.
Early land animals have ribs.
Early land animals have short ribs.
Early land plants have sporophytes.
Early language does seem to predict later outcome.
Some early larvae feed on buds.
Some early larvae feed on flower buds.
Early leaders can sometimes fall behind when competition increases.
Early leaders seem to have sincerely believed that the scheme was the best for all involved.
Early learners begin with basic recognition of body systems and growth stages.
Early learners can choose from colors, shapes, numbers and letters.
Early learners love bears.
Early leaves are entire.
Early leaves are for one semester or for a full academic or calendar year.
Early leaves are round and later ones are broadly ovate.
Early leaves have a silvery-green color due to fine hairs laying flat on the leaf surface.
Early leaves have smooth leaf margins while later leaves have jagged edges or serrations.
Early lectures focus on the biology of cetaceans and how they are adapted to the marine environment.
Early lesions are bilateral, firm, non-pitting, asymmetrical plaques or nodules.
Early lesions are small, round and strawberry-like in appearance.
Early lesions are usually asymptomatic and benign in appearance.
Early lesions bleed easily due to extreme vascularity.
Early lesions resemble exaggerated skin lines or dirt on the skin surface.
Early lesions reveal an epidermal, multilocular vesicle with reticular degeneration.
Early lesions show eosinophilic hyaline thickening of papillary dermal capillaries.
Early lesions show oedema and haemorrhage.
Early lesions show vasculitis in the small vessels of the upper and mid-dermis.
Early lesions start as reddish lumps that are painful and slowly enlarge.
Most early lesions grow at an uneven rate that results in an asymmetrical pattern.
Most early lesions grow at an uneven rate, resulting in an asymmetric pattern.
Early letters provide some detail of plantation management.
Early levels are foundations to the later levels.
Early levels have Anatolian-type pottery.
Many early levels are quite dark.
Early life history characteristics affect fitnesses.
Early life has pressure.
Most early life has pressure.
Early light shows.
Early line built ot bring raw materials and agricultural products to ports.
Early literacy affects every part of a child's life.
Early literacy has immediate and automatic savings.
Early literacy is critical to later success in school.
Early literacy is critical to the long-term success of students.
Early literacy is the foundation of a good education.
Early loons have more opportunity for re-nesting if necessary.
Early loss occurs in the high-frequency range, around the highest C note played on a piano.
Early losses tend to fare better than later ones, historically.
Early maintenance saves money and prevents any catastrophic downtime.
Early majority tend to be cautious with respect to innovations.
Early males sing briefly near dawn and dusk within few days after arrival on breeding grounds.
Early mammals retain ears.
Most early mammals retain ears.
Early man steps forward to modern man.
Early man steps slowly forward to modern man.
Early management can impact future health throughout the foal's life.
Early management can reduce the patient's risk of optic nerve damage and loss of vision.
Early manifestation is a series of attacks of bloody diarrhea of varying intensity and duration.
Early maps show a city near a large river, somewhere along the coast of New England.
Early maps show the wharves in a square shape.
Many early maps show land owners.
Most early maps are copper engravings.
Early Markets are buoyant.
Early marketing is nothing new.
Early marriage continues despite the legal age for marriage.
Early marriage interferes with education of many girls in the area.
Early marriage is a practice deeply rooted in tradition.
Early marriage is proposed.
Early marriage is still particularly prevalent in some countries of West Africa and South Asia.
Early marriage is still the norm in many parts of the world.
Early marriage is very detrimental to the health of girls and young teenagers.
Early marriage limits educational and economic opportunities and often leads to early pregnancy.
Early marriages are a fruitful source of adding to the population.
Early marriages are more frequent in rural areas.
Early marriages occur despite a law for legal age for marriage.
Early marriages prompted by pregnancy are common.
Early material is from the secretary's office.
Early material is organized alphabetically.
Early maturation is a major problem for the New Zealand salmon industry.
Early maturity does mean that barley is a good choice when very late seeding is necessary.
Early meanings are sated, weary, heavy, solid.
Early measurements show that shopping takes place at all hours of the day.
Early mediation addresses the initial problem before the others have occurred.
Early medication is essential to prevent spread of disease.
Early meetings give an overview of the chosen discipline, while later they explore single topics.
Early melanomas tend to be larger.
Early melanomas tend to be uneven.
Early melanomas tend to have a notched, irregular or indistinct border.
Early melanomas tend to have an uneven color.
Early members are from different parts of the United States of America.
Early memories are of the outdoors and the wonderful smell of paints, pastels and charcoal.
Early menopause has certainly genetic compounds.
Early menopause increased risk exists for women who have early menopause.
Early menopause is marked by extreme fluctuations in estrogen.
Early menopause is often of unknown cause.
Early menopause is one of the strongest predictors for osteoporosis.
Early menopause is one of the strongest predictors for the development of osteoporosis.
Early menopause is relatively rare.
Early menstruation is a recognized risk factor for breast cancer.
Early migrants begin journeys.
Early migrants begin southward journeys.
Most early migrants begin journeys.
Most early migrants begin southward journeys.
Early millet is the main upland subsistence cereal.
Early minutes record an extensive discussion of fund raising.
Most early minutes appear to have been discarded following publication.
Early missions act as tutorial levels without interrupting the flow of the game.
Early missions are usually a bunch of paratroopers doing something insane.
Early mistakes can be costly.
Early models have a brass hilt which is ribbed on one side and plain on the reverse.
Early models have long range rear sight, later models have two leaf rear sight.
Early models vii.
Some early models use a flat end instead of a taper on the bleeder screw.
Early moisture is the most important for carrot production.
Early molters are usually poor producers in a flock.
Early money is like yeast it makes the dough rise.
Early money is very very crucial.
Early morning calls with tea or coffee.
Early morning can be calm-especially in areas subject to coastal breezes.
Early morning can be cool, so a light jacket is recommended.
Early morning comes.
Early morning finds boaropotamuses for a way to water.
Early morning has the best visibility.
Early morning hikes around the lake.
Early morning is a good time to catch a glimpse of the wolves, as is dusk.
Early morning is a good time to explore the streets in Shanghai.
Early morning is a good time to shoot flowers.
Early morning is a good time to shoot, before the canyon winds pick up.
Early morning is a good time.
Early morning is a lovely time to be on top of a mountain.
Early morning is a quiet time, with few people outdoors and little traffic.
Early morning is a wonderful time of the day at the Bali Bird Park.
Early morning is also a good time to observe the cows and watch for heats.
Early morning is also the best time to view wildlife.
Early morning is an especially peaceful time to pay respects.
Early morning is an interesting time to photograph here.
Early morning is best because it reduces the amount of water lost to evaporation.
Early morning is best in the summer.
Early morning is best, but evenings are also good.
Early morning is best, but late afternoon is okay too.
Early morning is best, followed by early evening.
Early morning is best, when the sun is low in the sky.
Early morning is best.
Early morning is better than dusk since it helps prevent the growth of fungus.
Early morning is considered the best time to water.
Early morning is for walkabouts.
Early morning is generally better than dusk since it helps prevent growth of fungus.
Early morning is great because many fish begin to move and feed when it gets light.
Early morning is in many ways more preferable for shooting than is sunset.
Early morning is lucky and optimistic.
Early morning is often a good choice.
Early morning is often the best for photography.
Early morning is often the best time to collect adults.
Early morning is often the least busy time.
Early morning is preferable.
Early morning is really the most ideal time for study.
Early morning is slow but after that, it's all day.
Early morning is sometimes the worst.
Early morning is the best time for action and lunker potential.
Early morning is the best time for peak physical alertness.
Early morning is the best time for sprinkling.
Early morning is the best time of day to take cuttings.
Early morning is the best time to cut flowers.
Early morning is the best time to dive.
Early morning is the best time to do lookups.
Early morning is the best time to hear birds singing and spring is the best season.
Early morning is the best time to irrigate, while evening irrigation is more efficient.
Early morning is the best time to photograph many animals.
Early morning is the best time to see eagles.
Early morning is the best time to take cuttings because the plant is fully turgid .
Early morning is the best time to take cuttings, because the plant is fully turgid.
Early morning is the best time to view mammals while in the park.
Early morning is the best time to water for a number of reasons.
Early morning is the best time to water to discourage disease and increase watering efficiency.
Early morning is the best time to water vegetable and flower gardens.
Early morning is the best time to water, since evening watering can encourage disease development.
Early morning is the best time to water.
Early morning is the best time, or at dusk.
Early morning is the best time.
Early morning is the fastest time on the internet, early evening is the slowest.
Early morning is the favored time for diurnal showers.
Early morning is the ideal time to organize one's day.
Early morning is the perfect time to enjoy learning about marine life over a continental breakfast.
Early morning is the preferred time for watering.
Early morning is undoubtely the most powerful time to meditate.
Early morning is usually less busy.
Early morning is usually the best time to operate.
Early morning is usually the best time.
Early morning is usually the calmest time of day.
Early morning is very cold but can warm up in the afternoon.
Early morning is when birds tend to be most active.
Early morning is when birds tend.to be most active.
Early morning is when the birds are the most active.
Early morning pick up for a three-hour air conditioned bus ride to Sajama.
Early morning provides the best photo opportunities on sand dunes.
Early morning rides along the beach are very popular.
Early morning rising is on the horizon.
Early morning runs in newfallen snow can be some of the most memorable.
Early morning seems to be the preferred time for many people.
Early morning sounds.
Early morning starts.
Early morning visit the bird sanctuary.
Early morning waking is a particularly common feature in depression.
Early morning works for some, while others do better with a noontime or late afternoon workout.
Early mornings are great for yard sales and flea markets.
Early mornings are interesting here.
Early mornings are just fine for the same.
Early mornings are particularly quiet and pleasant.
Early mornings are unquestionably the best time to see and photograph animals.
Early mornings bring out the best of every culture.
Early mornings can be best, especially if the weather is fine as the area is a popular spot.
Early mornings make things a bit fuzzy.
Early mornings offer the best browsing and shopping, and it s a great place to have breakfast.
Early mornings provide the better working conditions for prairie restoration.
Early mornings provides wildlife viewing opportunities.
Early mortality is often a result of cardiac abnormalities.
Early mortality is often high.
Many early mosques have a square or rectangular plan.
Early motion achieves several goals.
Early movement is essential for optimal outcome of joint mobility, muscle strength and function.
Early movement is important.
Early movers have to build networks from scratch - an expensive undertaking.
Early movie stars There have been movie stars as long as there have been movies.
Early music is no where more vibrantly alive than in France.
Early music is really at the bottom of the priority list.
Early music is, as ever, a strong feature of many festivals.
Early music recordings The Cylinder Archive .
Any early nominations help a lot.
Early notebooks contain a great deal of information about uranium and plutonium.
Early Nothing kills a good course faster than waiting until the last minute to register.
Early notice can prevent serious problems.
Early notice helps everyone.
Early notice is necessary to ensure accommodations.
Early notice is recommended to avoid disappointment.
Early notice is requested.
Early notice is very important.
Early notification allows for easy planning and better choice of seat location.
Early notification allows for prompt control, containment, and, when possible, eradication.
Early notification can help prevent an outbreak, as previously occurred in Casino.
Early notification is required.
Early notification is the key to determining what is wrong.
Early notification is very important in order to properly manage a potential transplant patient.
Early notification provides for better response times.
Early notification takes place throughout the fall of the applicants' senior year.
Early nursing is vital.
Early nutrition can also affect cat behavior.
Early nutrition can considerably influence mental ability later in life.
Early nutrition is critical to the health and life of every herd.
Early obedience is necessary to prevent aggression against other dogs.
Early objectives are to control hemorrhage.
Early observation is crucial.
Early observations indicate that short separations spur more intense maternal care.
Some early observations are that mink and coyotes are plenty, and fox numbers are down.
Early offense helps stoke the hot streak.
Early ones contain only men.
Early ones have black cylindrical plates and bottom getters.
Early ones reveal a land of missions, cattle and Native American and Mexican dwellers.
Early onset predicts a worse prognosis.
Early operation is important before malignant elements have a chance to spread.
Early operation is recommended if the deformity is increasing.
Early operations are successful.
Early optimism proves false.
Early optimization runs the risk of high cost with little payback.
Early orders are welcome.
Early orders ensure better seating.
Early orders get preferred positioning.
All early orders are welcome.
Early orientation begins.
Early outreach focuses on instigating and motivating students.
Early ownership signatures on front and rear pastedowns.
Early paintings show the recorder in use during the Middle Ages and Crusades.
Early paper is made with a high rag content.
Early papers are family correspondence, writings, and sermons.
Early papers are fine.
Early papers have little useful info but later ones list ship and towns.
Early parenthood can seriously alter life plans and goals.
Many early parishioners remember the social events with pleasure.
Early participation is by invitation only.
Early participation is encouraged.
Early participation is important in order to build an adequate retirement.
Early partnership is available.
Early passes contain coarse-grain image information, and later passes contain finer detail.
Early passion can die quickly.
Early patterns are easy to understand and cut out.
Early patterns make the quilt.
Early payment begins.
Early payment is encouraged as limited places available.
Early payment is encouraged.
Early payment is recommended to avoid delay in checking into the residence halls.
Early payments cover interest only.
Early payoff is available with no penalty.
Early payoffs are extremely expensive in leasing, due to the way in which leases are accounted.
Early payrolls show wages of four cents an hour for a sixty hour week.
Early performance is a non-smoking show.
Early photos show a wood tower with an open observation deck.
Early photos show no major changes to the architecture.
Early photocoagulation decreases the risk of neovascular glaucoma development.
Early photographs depict it as a pleasant, traditionalist-looking church.
Early photographs show a plump and extremely pretty young woman.
Early photographs show a Wellman who was ferocious almost from birth.
Early photographs show a white barn although the building is now painted red.
Early photographs show how the neighborhood looked at the turn of the last century.
Early photographs show it as a narrow clearing, cutting through the town like a flat ribbon.
Early photographs show that only a dock was built, however.
Early picking helps insure subtle varietal flavors and a high acid level.
Early pickings are generally sour and more appropriate for culinary use.
Early pickup is also important.
Early pictures show a peak section on the tower which has been lost.
Many early pictures exist of people praying in the orans position.
Early pieces are available at reasonable prices.
Early pieces are unsigned.
Early pieces has paper labels.
Early pieces have one or, at most, three stripes flanking the main border.
Early pieces reveal contrapuntal way of thinking.
Early pioneers rely on skills.
Most early pioneers rely on skills.
Early plans call for six trains a day, going west in the morning and east in the afternoon.
Early plans call for the first floor to be a performing arts theater with a stage.
Early planning allows time to consider and apply for the full range of options.
Early planning allows time to investigate possibilities and plan rosters efficiently.
Early planning allows time to research plants' habits and performances.
Early planning can avoid legal troubles, reduce stress, and save money.
Early planning can help the path to becoming a doctor be much more smoother.
Early planning can help with the extras.
Early planning can result in lower costs and better results.
Early planning can save the hassle of special classes and delayed graduation.
Early planning can save time and money.
Early planning ensures product availability.
Early planning helps get the most our of the holiday season.
Early planning helps make the transition smoother from school into adult life.
Early planning helps.
Early planning is advised.
Early planning is best.
Early planning is critical to successful accommodations.
Early planning is critical.
Early planning is encouraged.
Early planning is essential .
Early planning is essential as many officials are committed to events months in advance.
Early planning is essential to achieve sizable tax savings.
Early planning is essential.
Early planning is important.
Early planning is one solution.
Early planning is recommended.
Early planning is the first step.
Early planning is the key to a successful event.
Early planning is the key to a successful experience.
Early planning is the key to a successful study abroad experience.
Early planning is the key to successful completion.
Early planning is the key to successful study abroad.
Early planning is the key to the successful execution of a change of command.
Early planning is the key.
Early planning is vital to a successful phone bank.
Early planning is vital.
Early planning is wise.
Early plants use less water and lose less to evaporation because of the cooler temperatures.
Many early plants are field weeds or forest hardwoods.
Early planting allows maximum time for aphids to infect the plants in the fall.
Early planting allows replanting with the first-choice hybrids.
Early planting allows the aphids more time to infect the plants in the fall.
Early planting allows the mites plenty of time to move into the field, reproduce, and spread.
Early planting assures a good harvest prior to summer heat.
Early planting gives larger plants that are more tolerant to insect and disease damage.
Early planting helps maximize productivity before hot weather.
Early planting helps reduce losses due to late-season insects.
Early planting helps reduce some losses due to late-season insects.
Early planting helps the crop mature sooner and avoid late-season corn earworm infestations.
Early planting improves tree establishment and aids chemical weed control.
Early planting increases the chance of fall infections.
Early planting is essential so that plant heads can develop before the onset of hot weather.
Early planting is fun but risky.
Early planting is necessary to give maturity before it becomes too hot.
Early planting is one of the most important factors to achieve high yield.
Early planting is possible most years.
Early planting is the most effective cultural control method in our state.
Early planting is the most effective cultural control method in the South.
Early planting produces higher yields for many reason.
Early planting promotes large root systems that better tolerate insect damage.
Early plantings are most injured.
Early plantings are therefore most subject to attack.
Early plantings have an extra month or two to get established before the heat of summer hits.
Early plates have a thicker die style.
Early plates say patent pending.
Early players can discard the shield.
Early points are just as critical as late points.
Early polls estimate that the initiative is favored by two-thirds of California voters.
Early polls show wide acceptance of the philosophy in the state.
Early potatoes are less likely to be effected than main season iv.
Early potatoes are planted one to two weeks be- fore the average date of the final killing frost.
Early potatoes can be ready in as little as eight weeks from planting.
Early practice helps baby imprint on the breast.
Early prediction gives emergency officials time to evacuate residents in the danger areas.
Early predictions suggest a loss of rural representation at both the state and federal level.
Early pregnancy appears to decrease risk slightly.
Early pregnancy has patterns.
Early pregnancy is an emotional time for a woman.
Early pregnancy is the time most miscarriages happen.
Most early pregnancy has patterns.
Early preludes represent the first example of idiomatic keyboard music.
Early preparation allows sufficient time to control perennial weeds and amend the soil if necessary.
Early preparation can help make it easier for everyone concerned.
Early preparation helps.
Early preparation is a major contributor to a successful college career.
Early preparation is advised.
Early preparation is essential.
Early preparation is important, but as with any physical training program, injuries are a risk.
Early preparation is the key to success when applying for awards and fellowships.
Early preparation is therefore necessary.
Early preparation is vital for a successful job search.
Early preparation makes the process a whole lot easier.
Early pressings feature jet black ink on label surface.
Early prevention is a key in conquering abuse and domestic violence.
Early prevention is essential.
Early prevention is the best way of controlling fleas and ticks.
Early prevention is very important.
Early prices are available on all horse races every day.
Early primates appear in North America, and early apes appear in Egypt.
Some early primates resemble lemurs.
Early problems regarding service and interminable waits for food seem to have been attended to.
Early production is possible by using row covers over field-planted chile for frost protection.
Early productivity feeds further productivity gains.
Early programming can distort and limit our perception and choices.
Early project planning for traffic control is very important.
Early projections are almost always right.
Early promotions are more or less predictable.
Early prospects are favourable.
Early prospects are uncertain.
Early puberty can also decrease a girl's ultimate height.
Early puberty is a concern, because it increases the risk of breast cancer later in life.
Early puberty is linked to increased risk of breast cancer.
Early puberty is said to be coming at ever-younger ages.
Early puberty makes girls targets of jokes by their male classmates.
Early publication is an option for authors who require rapid publication for any reason.
Early publication stimulates business earlier in the week.
Early publicity is essential.
Early pulls is the key to success.
Early pyrite is replaced by chalcopyrite.
Early rain starts the seed off.
Early rains can force some of the ornamental fruits to flower.
Early rays pick out rich detail in the rock.
Early rays play reveille on granite rose and gold giving life to lizards' legs.
Early readers are also likelier to excel in other academic subjects as well.
Early readers can read better when words are set to music.
Early readers can read the large print in headlines and ads.
Early readers go on to become book readers in later life.
Early readers have the advantage in education from the beginning.
Early readers require instructions and menus at their reading and comprehension level.
Early reading can help children to understand that reading is enjoyable.
Early reading is important.
Early reading is partly a game, often just a point and name exercise.
Early reassurance is important part of treatment.
Early receivers suck.
Early recognition can allow the supervisor to communicate in a positive and helpful way.
Early recognition can help alleviate the disorder.
Early recognition can prevent enormous problems.
Early recognition can result in early intervention and treatment.
Early recognition can ward off serious consequences.
Early recognition helps teachers and families develop the right educational approach.
Early recognition is critical for proper management and good outcome.
Early recognition is critical.
Early recognition is crucial if any eradication attempt is to be successful.
Early recognition is extremely important.
Early recognition is important because the conditions are potentially treatable.
Early recognition is important.
Early recognition is key to a successful outcome.
Early recognition is the key to a successful outcome.
Early recognition is the key to success for secondary prevention.
Early recognition is thus important.
Early recognition is usually more effective in reaching successful resolution.
Early recognition is valuable to halt seed production and vegetative spread.
Early recognition is very important for the child.
Early recognition is very important.
Early recollections exercise See discussion schedule for instructions on what to do.
Early reconstruction has as many definitions as there are surgeons.
Early reconstruction provides optimal skeletal buttress and skin coverage preservation.
Early reconstruction show it floating like a pineapple ring in the water.
Early records are fragmentary.
Early records are often incomplete or illegible.
Early records have separate books for black families.
Early records show four story building.
Early records show that over the years the bridge was repaired many times.
Early records show that the landscape was open grasslands with groves of huge oak trees.
Early records suggest that a monastery was founded on the island in the sixth century.
Some early records fail to record actual gravesites.
Some early records give birthdates.
Early recovery can be from four or five months to five years.
Early reduction is possible if the injury is acute and swelling insignificant.
Early references are to the original lot descriptions.
Early referral can provide more choices, and allow greater control over their health and lives.
Early referral improves the chances of identifying the causative agent.
Early referral is crucial in the management of seriously ill children.
Early referral is crucial to getting the most benefit from hospice care.
Early referral is encouraged to assure the most successful results.
Early referral is encouraged.
Early referral is predicted to increase the likelihood of appropriate vascular access.
Early referral is recommended if concern develops.
Early referral provides a better chance for successful recovery.
Early reflection is a fast short reverb with high feedback.
Early regeneration can also take place in skeletal denervated and injured muscles of amphibians.
Early registrants are eligible for all subsequent drawings.
Early registrants are more likely to be housed with our class.
Early registrants are most likely to get their first choice.
Early registrants benefit from a reduced registration fee.
Early registrants get first choice.
Early registrants have priority in reserving special event tickets.
Early registrants receive a t-shirt on race day.
Early registrants receive significant discount.
Early registration allows time for site notification and distribution of necessary materials.
Early registration allows time to complete accommodations and auxiliary aids.
Early registration begins .
Early registration begins.
Early registration can also help prevent a lightly attended class from being cancelled.
Early registration can take place prior to the beginning of the semester.
Early registration ends .
Early registration ensures a place in the program.
Early registration features advanced purchase discounts.
Early registration gives a financial advantage.
Early registration guarantees a conference packet and lunch.
Early registration helps eliminate the disappointment of course cancellation.
Early registration helps the committee in the final planning process.
Early registration includes conference banquet.
Early registration is a good idea.
Early registration is a mail-in procedure for residents only.
Early registration is advisable because over-subscription is anticipated.
Early registration is advisable due to a limitation upon the class size.
Early registration is advisable due to space limitations.
Early registration is advisable for all courses.
Early registration is advisable to ensure participation.
Early registration is advisable, however, as numbers are limited.
Early registration is advisable.
Early registration is advised although there is no closing date for applications.
Early registration is advised as class size is limited.
Early registration is advised as class sizes are limited.
Early registration is advised as classes fill quickly.
Early registration is advised as enrollment is limited in all courses.
Early registration is advised as enrollment is limited.
Early registration is advised as seating is limited.
Early registration is advised as seminar places are limited.
Early registration is advised as space is limited.
Early registration is advised as the demand for the course is high and classroom space is limited.
Early registration is advised as tours are filling quickly.
Early registration is advised because courses quickly fill up.
Early registration is advised because of limited enrollment for each course.
Early registration is advised because there are enrollment limits.
Early registration is advised by mailing the completed registration form.
Early registration is advised for there has been a large pre registration in former years.
Early registration is advised since participant space is limited.
Early registration is advised since seating is limited.
Early registration is advised since spaces are limited.
Early registration is advised since the number of participants is limited.
Early registration is advised to avoid disappointment.
Early registration is advised to ensure a space on the tour.
Early registration is advised, as registrations are processed in order of receipt of payment.
Early registration is advised, as seating is limited.
Early registration is advised, as some classes fill quickly.
Early registration is advised, as space and class size are limited.
Early registration is advised, as space fills quickly.
Early registration is advised, as space is at a premium.
Early registration is advised, as space is limited.
Early registration is advised, as the number of places is limited by considerations of space.
Early registration is advised.
Early registration is also possible for all transfer students and can be done by mail or in person.
Early registration is announced across the campus and through the media to all students.
Early registration is appreciated.
Early registration is by telephone.
Early registration is compatible with payment by cheque or bank transfer .
Early registration is discounted.
Early registration is encouraged and advance registration is required.
Early registration is encouraged and appreciated.
Early registration is encouraged as all class sizes are limited.
Early registration is encouraged as capacity is limited.
Early registration is encouraged as class seating is limited.
Early registration is encouraged as class size is limited.
Early registration is encouraged as classes fill quickly.
Early registration is encouraged as credit courses have limited enrollment.
Early registration is encouraged as each session is limited.
Early registration is encouraged as enrollment is limited.
Early registration is encouraged as Family Days usually fill up.
Early registration is encouraged as Internet courses tend to fill quickly.
Early registration is encouraged as many are filled to capacity well in advance of class.
Early registration is encouraged as seats are limited.
Early registration is encouraged as selection is competitive.
Early registration is encouraged as sessions and grades fill quickly.
Early registration is encouraged as some categories fill up prior to race day.
Early registration is encouraged as space for each of the programs is limited.
Early registration is encouraged as space is limited and past sessions have sold out.
Early registration is encouraged as space is limited.
Early registration is encouraged as spaces are limited.
Early registration is encouraged as the number of participants is limited.
Early registration is encouraged because class size is limited.
Early registration is encouraged because each program has limited enrollment.
Early registration is encouraged because of the limited space.
Early registration is encouraged because seating is limited.
Early registration is encouraged because space is limited at the conference facility.
Early registration is encouraged because space is limited.
Early registration is encouraged because the courses quickly fill to capacity.
Early registration is encouraged due to a limited number of participants per session.
Early registration is encouraged due to a limited number of seats.
Early registration is encouraged due to limited seating.
Early registration is encouraged due to limited space.
Early registration is encouraged due to space limitations.
Early registration is encouraged due to the limited enrollment.
Early registration is encouraged due to the limited number of corporate presentation time slots.
Early registration is encouraged for all students.
Early registration is encouraged for both programs.
Early registration is encouraged for planning purposes.
Early registration is encouraged for presently enrolled graduate students.
Early registration is encouraged for students to obtain the best selection of classes.
Early registration is encouraged since attendance is limited.
Early registration is encouraged since camps quickly reach their enrollment limitations.
Early registration is encouraged since class size is limited.
Early registration is encouraged since enrollment is limited.
Early registration is encouraged since many programs fill rapidly.
Early registration is encouraged since space in many classes is limited.
Early registration is encouraged since the course can accommodate a limited number of students.
Early registration is encouraged so that appropriate accommodations can be made.
Early registration is encouraged to assist in planning for the meeting.
Early registration is encouraged to assist the organizing committee in planning.
Early registration is encouraged to assure availability.
Early registration is encouraged to assure hot water and ground level accomodations.
Early registration is encouraged to ensure a place in the class.
Early registration is encouraged to ensure space availability.
Early registration is encouraged to guarantee a place on the roster.
Early registration is encouraged to guarantee space and prevent cancellation.
Early registration is encouraged to guarantee space on the field.
Early registration is encouraged to reserve a space.
Early registration is encouraged with a reduced registration fee offered as an incentive.
Early registration is encouraged with a reduced registration fee.
Early registration is encouraged, as attendance is limited.
Early registration is encouraged, as class size is limited.
Early registration is encouraged, as enrollment is limited.
Early registration is encouraged, as many courses have limited enrollment.
Early registration is encouraged, as many workshops fill quickly.
Early registration is encouraged, as programs tend to fill quickly.
Early registration is encouraged, as space is limited.
Early registration is encouraged, as workshops often fill up quickly and space is limited.
Early registration is encouraged, but it s never too late to register.
Early registration is encouraged, but one can register the day of the symposium.
Early registration is encouraged, due to limited class size.
Early registration is encouraged, to insure a smooth and timely start to the school year.
Early registration is encouraged.
Early registration is especially suitable for children.
Early registration is essential.
Early registration is held approximately two weeks prior to final exams.
Early registration is helpful.
Early registration is highly desirable.
Early registration is highly encouraged.
Early registration is highly recommended and is on a first come-first serve basis.
Early registration is important as space is limited.
Early registration is important because attendance is limited.
Early registration is important because classes are limited in size.
Early registration is important.
Early registration is necessary as classes fill up quickly.
Early registration is necessary.
Early registration is needed because the number of participants is limited.
Early registration is now open.
Early registration is now underway here.
Early registration is often less expensive.
Early registration is over, but on-site registration is available.
Early registration is over, but there is still time to register to attend.
Early registration is over.
Early registration is provided for all currently enrolled nursing students.
Early registration is quite easy though.
Early registration is recomm en ded.
Early registration is recommend.
Early registration is recommended .
Early registration is recommended as attendance is limited.
Early registration is recommended as availability is limited.
Early registration is recommended as camp space is limited.
Early registration is recommended as class seating is limited.
Early registration is recommended as class size is sometimes limited.
Early registration is recommended as class sizes are limited.
Early registration is recommended as classes fill up quickly.
Early registration is recommended as courses fill quickly.
Early registration is recommended as enrollment is limited.
Early registration is recommended as many courses fill quickly .
Early registration is recommended as many courses fill quickly.
Early registration is recommended as places are limited.
Early registration is recommended as programs tend to sell out quickly.
Early registration is recommended as seating is limited.
Early registration is recommended as some classes fill quickly.
Early registration is recommended as space is limited and the pre-study packet highly effective.
Early registration is recommended as space is limited.
Early registration is recommended as the clinics fill up quickly.
Early registration is recommended because classes fill quickly.
Early registration is recommended because of limited space.
Early registration is recommended because seating for some sessions is limited.
Early registration is recommended because seating is limited.
Early registration is recommended due to class size limits.
Early registration is recommended due to limited raft space.
Early registration is recommended due to limited space.
Early registration is recommended due to limited spaces.
Early registration is recommended due to space limitations.
Early registration is recommended for all classes.
Early registration is recommended for all programs and events.
Early registration is recommended since class size is limited.
Early registration is recommended since class sizes are small.
Early registration is recommended since class space is limited.
Early registration is recommended since classes are limited in size and fill up quickly.
Early registration is recommended since enrollment is limited to six participants at each workshop.
Early registration is recommended since online classes fill quickly.
Early registration is recommended since sessions fill up quickly.
Early registration is recommended since space is limited to the first twenty people.
Early registration is recommended since space is limited.
Early registration is recommended to avoid delays at the start of the meeting.
Early registration is recommended to avoid delays in receiving benefits.
Early registration is recommended to avoid disappointment.
Early registration is recommended to avoid lockout prior to the game.
Early registration is recommended to avoid potential late fees.
Early registration is recommended to ensure a better choice of classes.
Early registration is recommended to get the lowest rate before and after.
Early registration is recommended to obtain the best choice of workshops.
Early registration is recommended to obtain the preferred time slots.
Early registration is recommended via our on-line process, by mail, phone, or in person.
Early registration is recommended, and advance payment is required for classes requiring tuition.
Early registration is recommended, and group discounts are available.
Early registration is recommended, as all classes have limited enrollments.
Early registration is recommended, as class sizes are limited.
Early registration is recommended, as classes fill on a first come, first serve basis.
Early registration is recommended, as seating is limited.
Early registration is recommended, as some courses have enrollment limits.
Early registration is recommended, as space is limited.
Early registration is recommended, as the program fills quickly.
Early registration is recommended, since the class fills up fast.
Early registration is recommended.
Early registration is recommened due to limited space.
Early registration is recommened.
Early registration is recommented.
Early registration is requested and walkers are encouraged to participate in either distance.
Early registration is requested.
Early registration is required as the participants are limited to approx.
Early registration is required due to limited space.
Early registration is required to reserve display space.
Early registration is required, as seating is limited.
Early registration is required.
Early registration is scheduled approximately four weeks prior to the end of each semester.
Early registration is scheduled approximately two weeks prior to final exams.
Early registration is strong.
Early registration is strongly encouraged and can be done on-line.
Early registration is suggested and encouraged.
Early registration is suggested as our trips often fill early.
Early registration is suggested as our trips often fill prior to general public notice.
Early registration is suggested as our trips often fill well before departure.
Early registration is suggested as seats are limited and courses tend to fill up quickly.
Early registration is suggested as space is limited to two buses.
Early registration is suggested as space is limited.
Early registration is suggested as the workshops are limited.
Early registration is suggested as trips often fill well before departure.
Early registration is suggested because class size is limited.
Early registration is suggested because enrollment is limited.
Early registration is suggested due to interest and group size.
Early registration is suggested in order to secure a seat.
Early registration is suggested since most events fill up quickly.
Early registration is suggested since space is limited.
Early registration is suggested to facilitate requests for accommodation in nearby hotels.
Early registration is suggested, as class sizes are extremely limited.
Early registration is suggested, as space is limited.
Early registration is suggested, as trips often fill well before departure.
Early registration is suggested.
Early registration is the best way to gain acceptance into a course.
Early registration is the best way to secure placement.
Early registration is the same day as first day seniors for any semester.
Early registration is therefore advisable.
Early registration is therefore essential.
Early registration is urged .
Early registration is urged as the block tends to fill quickly .
Early registration is very important.
Early registration means more choices.
Early registration occurs during the previous semester and is for current or former students.
Early registration permits adequate time to conduct an orderly job search prior to graduation.
Early registration prevents a class being cancelled due to low enrollment.
Early registration prevents a class from being cancelled due to low enrollment.
Early registration prevents the cancellation of a class due to low enrollment.
Early registration promotes the likelihood of course establishment.
