Nobody gets free time from the new meters.
Nobody gets home.
Nobody gets hotter babes than hockey guys.
Nobody gets hurt, nobody dies.
Nobody gets immunity in the postseason.
Nobody gets in anymore.
Nobody gets in early.
Nobody gets in unless they are born into it.
Nobody gets in.
Nobody gets Indian colours easily.
Nobody gets into their dinghy without full foul-weather gear and a bailing bucket.
Nobody gets it all right.
Nobody gets it anymore.
Nobody gets it from there.
Nobody gets it just right the first time.
Nobody gets it right all the time and nobody is above criticism.
Nobody gets it right all the time.
Nobody gets it right the first time, or the second time, or the third.
Nobody gets it right the first time.
Nobody gets it right to correct the problem.
Nobody gets it up and down every time.
Nobody gets it without some breaks.
Nobody gets it, the feeling is wrong.
Nobody gets it.
Nobody gets lag either.
Nobody gets mad at the weatherman.
Nobody gets mad if someone else kicks.
Nobody gets mad.
Nobody gets marketing right.
Nobody gets more color out of greys.
Nobody gets more pussy than musicians.
Nobody gets naked.
Nobody gets nostalgic about that.
Nobody gets off and nobody gets in.
Nobody gets off easily.
Nobody gets off work or school.
Nobody gets on so there are no signs to give and no one to wave home.
Nobody gets on the plane.
Nobody gets onto the top of the charts by accident.
Nobody gets out alive anyway.
Nobody gets out alive anyways.
Nobody gets out alive, and people always get hurt.
Nobody gets out alive, anyway.
Nobody gets out of here alive.
Nobody gets out of here unscathed.
Nobody gets out of life alive.
Nobody gets out of the car.
Nobody gets out of the truck.
Nobody gets out.
Nobody gets over the loss of a father.
Nobody gets pasta with fish.
Nobody gets pregnant or comes down with a disease.
Nobody gets privileged treatment here.
Nobody gets rabies in the United States, right.
Nobody gets really upset when the public is irrationally buying.
Nobody gets rich doing small shows.
Nobody gets rich quick, it takes a couple of years to get going.
Nobody gets short-suited around here.
Nobody gets smart with the smart guy.
Nobody gets something for nothing.
Nobody gets special access.
Nobody gets that far gone without anyone noticing.
Nobody gets that joke but programmers.
Nobody gets that low.
Nobody gets that, even at a private school.
Nobody gets that.
Nobody gets the angst and the eroticism down better.
Nobody gets the girl.
Nobody gets the maximum sentences except in murder cases.
Nobody gets the placebo.
Nobody gets the priest.
Nobody gets their feet muddy.
Nobody gets their way all the time.
Nobody gets there alone.
Nobody gets through it unmarked.
Nobody gets to a do a doctorate without having a good degree, for example.
Nobody gets to control the other one.
Nobody gets to escape responsibility.
Nobody gets to get out, especially if the white guys want to go.
Nobody gets to get revenge.
Nobody gets to hit, shove, or name-call.
Nobody gets to live life backward.
Nobody gets to monopolize the building blocks of genetic knowledge.
Nobody gets to ride it today.
Nobody gets to see it at all.
Nobody gets to see the games live.
Nobody gets to slow down and search for the interesting macro critters that live here .
Nobody gets to speak up or anything.
Nobody gets to stay the same.
Nobody gets to the pinnacle of their academic success without being carried on the backs of someone.
Nobody gets too concerned because it happens all of the time.
Nobody gets too much excited.
Nobody gets too much haven no more.
Nobody gets too upset over small change.
Nobody gets up from it.
Nobody gets up on stage hoping to be ignored.
Nobody gets upset if they miss.
Nobody gets upset on that team.
Nobody gets wealthy working for somebody else.
Nobody gets what they deserve.
Nobody gets what they want unless the money is there.
Nobody gives a command, but they all know when it's time.
Nobody gives a crap about all the children in Africa who are dying of starvation.
Nobody gives a crap about nobody anymore.
Nobody gives a damn about it.
Nobody gives a damn about that stuff.
Nobody gives a damn for the cattle.
Nobody gives a damn now.
Nobody gives a damn.
Nobody gives a darn about how long one has been in business.
Nobody gives a fuck about Republican paranoia witchhunts now.
Nobody gives a fuck about the homeless anyway.
Nobody gives a fuck.
Nobody gives a hoot about the Presidents Cup.
Nobody gives a hoot about the real guys inside the politicians' suits.
Nobody gives a rat ass.
Nobody gives a rat's ass about the mentally ill.
Nobody gives a rat's ass.
Nobody gives a rip.
Nobody gives a shit about morals.
Nobody gives a shit about ugly.
Nobody gives a shit, but it is spreading like wildfire.
Nobody gives a shit.
Nobody gives anybody a hard time.
Nobody gives anyone an inch of room.
Nobody gives anything away in New Jersey.
Nobody gives away expensive cars as gifts.
Nobody gives it away for free.
Nobody gives more most less.
Nobody gives much thought to how a diamond was formed as long as it gleams forever.
Nobody gives or delegates individual responsibilities.
Nobody gives or receives orders.
Nobody gives orders.
Nobody gives somebody else a lot of money for nothing.
Nobody gives that kind of attention in the real world.
Nobody gives the East a chance.
Nobody gives their life for anything.
Nobody gives thought anymore to any sort of obligation.
Nobody gives up strokes just for laughs in golf . . .
Nobody gives up.
Nobody gladly obeys.
Nobody go out there.
Nobody goes around bisecting lines with a compass.
Nobody goes around deliberately false-starting.
Nobody goes around dumping vacum bags of dust all over their home.
Nobody goes around talking like that.
Nobody goes away hungry.
Nobody goes away wounded.
Nobody goes broke shopping here.
Nobody goes for walks.
Nobody goes from peak to peak, each moment more joyful than the last.
Nobody goes from the frying pan to the swimming pool.
Nobody goes home crying.
Nobody goes home early.
Nobody goes hungry.
Nobody goes in it anymore.
Nobody goes in or out without the OK of the guards.
Nobody goes in the high scores that dosn't deserve to be there.
Nobody goes in the shop and nothing is sold there.
Nobody goes in there and supports a cut.
Nobody goes in there thinking they'll get financing the first year.
Nobody goes in there without hard hats.
Nobody goes in with a map, except for school groups.
Nobody goes in without a radio and flashlight.
Nobody goes in.
Nobody goes into a fight being afraid.
Nobody goes into business expecting to fail.
Nobody goes into choir music for the wrong reasons.
Nobody goes into it for the money.
Nobody goes into it without ambivalence.
Nobody goes into or out of the building without showering and changing into clean clothing.
Nobody goes into politics to get wealthy.
Nobody goes into teaching for fame and fortune.
Nobody goes into the newspaper business to get rich.
Nobody goes looking for a collision, and remember- accidents happen.
Nobody goes off on a honeymoon expecting to be very ill or to be involved in a serious mishap.
Nobody goes on radio unless they're mad at somebody.
Nobody goes out and claims that they own the water out there.
Nobody goes out now.
Nobody goes out on dates, yet nobody is a virgin either.
Nobody goes out there and thinks they're bigger than anyone else.
Nobody goes out there except to service the cages once a day.
Nobody goes out there on a whim.
Nobody goes out to be second best.
Nobody goes out to war in their underwear.
Nobody goes public, just like herpes.
Nobody goes that far to see what 's there.
Nobody goes there any more.
Nobody goes there anymore, because it's too crowded.
Nobody goes there anymore, it is too crowded.
Nobody goes there anymore.
Nobody goes there except the geekiest of car collectors.
Nobody goes there except their members.
Nobody goes there looking for roundtables of drones pretending to offer neutral positions.
Nobody goes there unless they are spying or stealing oil or gold.
Nobody goes there.
Nobody goes through life in a vacuum.
Nobody goes through life questioning their own common sense.
Nobody goes through life undefeated.
Nobody goes through that kind of trauma without being changed, neither a nation nor an individual.
Nobody goes through there, nobody.
Nobody goes to a job expecting to be hit.
Nobody goes to a museum from nine to five, wearing a suit a suit and watching the clock.
Nobody goes to an inner-city public school by choice.
Nobody goes to church or donates their time, but they want to use the church.
Nobody goes to Guatemala.
Nobody goes to hell alone.
Nobody goes to hell for crossing some god or goddess.
Nobody goes to jail.
Nobody goes to medical school at that age.
Nobody goes to opera for words but for the music.
Nobody goes to see a hiatus movie expecting anything else.
Nobody goes to see that thing today.
Nobody goes to shows here.
Nobody goes to that restaurant anymore.
Nobody goes to the ball park anymore because it's too crowded.
Nobody goes to the movies to watch the technology of the movies.
Nobody goes to the Olympics and wants to perform poorly.
Nobody goes to war over disputes about history.
Nobody goes to work.
Nobody goes up high and plans on getting messed up.
Nobody goes where the crowds are anymore.
Nobody goes without making mistakes.
Nobody gossips about their love lives or their hobbies.
Nobody governs it.
Nobody grabs their fannies.
Nobody graduates from third grade without knowing how to read or how to do long division.
Nobody graduates without writing a feature length screenplay.
Nobody grows old by a number of years.
Nobody grows old by merely living a number of years.
Nobody grows old merely by a number of years.
Nobody grows old merely by living a number of years.
Nobody grows old merely living a number of years.
Nobody grows up to be an addict just like nobody grows up to be a diabetic or have heart problems.
Nobody grows up.
Nobody guarantees future of situations, hope security talks result in accord.
Nobody has a backyard, really.
Nobody has a bad attitude even if they have a bad bowling day.
Nobody has a better record than anybody else.
Nobody has a bigger, broader view of the total caustic market.
Nobody has a black audience except for the r n' b and rap crowd.
Nobody has a central switch to turn it off.
Nobody has a choice.
Nobody has a claim.
Nobody has a clear answer, but there are some educated guesses.
Nobody has a clear objective view of what someone else is like, really.
Nobody has a clear picture of the end game.
Nobody has a clear view.
Nobody has a clue as to what ever became of the man.
Nobody has a clue how safe the rural areas are.
Nobody has a clue how that happens.
Nobody has a clue, really.
Nobody has a clue.
Nobody has a complete ownership of wisdom.
Nobody has a corner office, and there are no titles.
Nobody has a corner on that market.
Nobody has a crystal ball and knows exactly what's happening.
Nobody has a crystal ball.
Nobody has a dollar.
Nobody has a doubt about that.
Nobody has a family like that.
Nobody has a firm count of how many tax cheaters are out there.
Nobody has a full-time job.
Nobody has a glint of humanity or redeeming quality.
Nobody has a good answer for that.
Nobody has a good answer here.
Nobody has a great deal of trouble transferring knowledge of one to another.
Nobody has a greater claim to being right than the next man.
Nobody has a huge majority stake.
Nobody has a job, yet they insist on offering coffee and homemade brandy.
Nobody has a job.
Nobody has a leg to stand on trying to claim that they didn t know.
Nobody has a lock on a defensive front position.
Nobody has a lock on good ideas.
Nobody has a locus on that.
Nobody has a majority of anything, and there is a lack of sense of direction for the country.
Nobody has a majority.
Nobody has a military as well-armed and trained as the United States.
Nobody has a monopoly of the truth.
Nobody has a monopoly on the truth.
Nobody has a monopoly on the writing process.
Nobody has a monopoly on truth.
Nobody has a monopoly.
Nobody has a more diverse variety of chemicals and solvents.
Nobody has a natural monopoly on talent.
Nobody has a persuasive case.
Nobody has a positive cash flow yet.
Nobody has a precise handle on the scope of frauds against small businesses.
Nobody has a radio.
Nobody has a real advantage anymore.
Nobody has a real authority about the internet's life.
Nobody has a real clue.
Nobody has a real drafting partner.
Nobody has a right to a jury trial.
Nobody has a right to a position.
Nobody has a right to a view.
Nobody has a right to be happy.
Nobody has a right to consume the resources of others by compulsion.
Nobody has a right to decide which language is the standard language in Japan.
Nobody has a right to receive a loan.
Nobody has a satisfactory explanation as to why.
Nobody has a secondary break now.
Nobody has a sense of history anymore.
Nobody has a sense of humour.
Nobody has a solution.
Nobody has a special privilege to ignore the tax laws.
Nobody has a territory immune from others' suggestions.
Nobody has a theory or a scheme.
Nobody has a tin ear.
Nobody has a truck with that.
Nobody has absolute understanding of all truth.
Nobody has access to our database.
Nobody has all the answers, but it is important to consider the questions.
Nobody has all the answers.
Nobody has all the attributes to succeed on their own.
Nobody has all the right answers.
Nobody has all the time in the world, and time is passing by.
Nobody has an advantage.
Nobody has an agenda.
Nobody has an answer.
Nobody has an easy answer for what has happened.
Nobody has an easy answer.
Nobody has an exact picture but cyber-crime is on the rise.
Nobody has an exclusive right to train, educate, and research others.
Nobody has an interest in stopping it.
Nobody has an obligation to provide broadband internet access.
Nobody has an office.
Nobody has an opportunity.
Nobody has an original idea anymore.
Nobody has an understanding of the Internet that is both broad and deep.
Nobody has answers for that, nobody.
Nobody has answers, just more questions.
Nobody has any argument with that.
Nobody has any choice in the matter either.
Nobody has any daring anymore.
Nobody has any documentation.
Nobody has any documents indicating whatever happened to the old tank.
Nobody has any doubt about it.
Nobody has any explanation for it.
Nobody has any freaking idea.
Nobody has any giant egos here, they just kind of get the job done.
Nobody has any good ideas.
Nobody has any idea about the temperature or nature of the missing mass.
Nobody has any idea how it came to post modernism and contemporary art.
Nobody has any idea of the extent of the success.
Nobody has any idea what it is about the infection that produces the spots.
Nobody has any idea what pressure there is.
Nobody has any idea where the documents are now.
Nobody has any idea why.
Nobody has any idea, which is why it is so interesting.
Nobody has any idea.
Nobody has any illusions about what the reality is right now.
Nobody has any imagination.
Nobody has any inherent authority to do that.
Nobody has any interest whatsoever in squelching the first amendment.
Nobody has any logical reason to begin smoking any tobacco product.
Nobody has any mandates.
Nobody has any money.
Nobody has any natural wisdom to speak of.
Nobody has any objections to that.
Nobody has any openings.
Nobody has any patience.
Nobody has any personal time.
Nobody has any place to go.
Nobody has any points and everybody thinks they can win the championship and win races.
Nobody has any politeness anymore.
Nobody has any power.
Nobody has any preconceived notions.
Nobody has any protection from overzealous or evil prosecutors.
Nobody has any qualms about cleaning up some sections of the low-volume industry.
Nobody has any real space.
Nobody has any reason to hang their heads.
Nobody has any reliable numbers.
Nobody has any right to intervene at all in any kind of relationship like that.
Nobody has any spare cash.
Nobody has any statistics on how it affects gophers.
Nobody has anybody else s body.
Nobody has anybody else's nows.
Nobody has anything better and they have some damn cheap trials going on.
Nobody has anything important or interesting to say.
Nobody has anything like a roast dinner or a turkey.
Nobody has anything that's remotely close to being season ending.
Nobody has anything to gain by delay.
Nobody has as much heart.
Nobody has as yet a good handle on student achievement.
Nobody has before.
Nobody has better style or a more engaging personality.
Nobody has both a parakeet and a gerbil.
Nobody has clean hands.
Nobody has control over anything.
Nobody has dryers.
Nobody has ego.
Nobody has enough blood for all possible blood tests, and many other invasive tests have high risks.
Nobody has enough fingers to get the job done.
Nobody has enough money to bribe everybody.
Nobody has enough money to do anything.
Nobody has enough of it.
Nobody has enough of what's important.
Nobody has even a difficult answer.
Nobody has ever been able to consistently predict the market, it's impossible.
Nobody has ever measured, even poets, how much the heart can hold.
Nobody has everything it takes now.
Nobody has everything.
Nobody has exactly the same set of experiences, even identical twins.
Nobody has eyelids, just huge eyes.
Nobody has final proof one way or another.
Nobody has five guys who can shoot it as well as they do.
Nobody has full Internet access in our region.
Nobody has fun if their feet hurt.
Nobody has good times all the time.
Nobody has illusions that new elections are the answer.
Nobody has information or wants to give information.
Nobody has interest in war.
Nobody has interest to create problems for tourists.
Nobody has it all.
Nobody has it because everyone watches each other.
Nobody has it right.
Nobody has it yet.
Nobody has it.
Nobody has just one defining, all-consuming trait.
Nobody has just the right snappy comeback always ready.
Nobody has lower prices on skating blades.
Nobody has many answers.
Nobody has more branches, more ATMs or better hours.
Nobody has more control of the local infrastructure than the regional governors.
Nobody has more experience in shotgun pattern adjustment.
Nobody has more fun making batters look silly.
Nobody has more Internet know-how.
Nobody has more knowledge.
Nobody has more of a stake in the solution than the pharmaceutical industry.
Nobody has more offers on the planet.
Nobody has more receiving yards in a season.
Nobody has more rights than another to enjoy happiness.
Nobody has more than a vague clue.
Nobody has more than one birthday in a year.
Nobody has much money.
Nobody has much of an alibi.
Nobody has much of an answer.
Nobody has one all the time or forever.
Nobody has one for the fun of it.
Nobody has one percent of the market.
Nobody has one.
Nobody Has Our Sources.
Nobody has perfect dirt, yet soil is the most fundamental resource for rural living.
Nobody has permission to enter the site.
Nobody has problems to solve anymore.
Nobody has real shelf life anymore.
Nobody has real shelf-life anymore.
Nobody has respect for it.
Nobody has responded, nobody wants to take responsibility.
Nobody has slippers in the bathroom.
Nobody has specified where fonts go on a Linux system, so they end up everywhere.
Nobody has stronger credentials with labor.
Nobody has such an expectation.
Nobody has superiority over other except by piety and good action.
Nobody has superiority over others except by piety and good action.
Nobody has superiority over others, except by piety and good action.
Nobody has that answer.
Nobody has that capability yet.
Nobody has that figured out yet.
Nobody has that in comedy.
Nobody has that kind of power over death.
Nobody has that kind of reaction to missing a car payment, anyway.
Nobody has that many friends.
Nobody has that much bandwidth.
Nobody has that much power.
Nobody has that much stuff to put in their pants.
Nobody has that voice.
Nobody has that.
Nobody has the ability to match all that speed.
Nobody has the ability to matchup with all that speed.
Nobody has the absolute truth.
Nobody has the advantage over the best players to ever play the game.
Nobody has the angle.
Nobody has the answer yet.
Nobody has the answer, yet, as to how they did it.
Nobody has the answer.
Nobody has the answers.
Nobody has the authority to stop the exchange system.
Nobody has the book.
Nobody has the bull's eye painted on their rear bumper.
Nobody has the cajones to fix the system.
Nobody has the courage just to end it.
Nobody has the desire.
Nobody has the energy to read scientific writings, but people simply flock to hear the spoken word.
Nobody has the faintest idea how to do that.
Nobody has the guts to make decisions.
Nobody has the guts to say it outloud.
Nobody has the key, and nobody knows when to come in.
Nobody has the kind of perfect timing a computer has - so, quantize sparingly.
Nobody has the luxury of a stress free life, however, some cope better than others.
Nobody has the money.
Nobody has the moral right to force someone else to help pay for a child's education.
Nobody has the nerve to point a finger at the person responsible.
Nobody has the network.
Nobody has the new drive.
Nobody has the patience or time to do that.
Nobody has the perfect life.
Nobody has the power to say that is okay.
Nobody has the recipe for how to finance and make a film.
Nobody has the right key, and nobody knows when to come in.
Nobody has the right of using physical or other means to force people to return there.
Nobody has the right to abuse physically, sexually or emotionally.
Nobody has the right to batter anyone else, ever.
Nobody has the right to be able to criticize or tear down others simply for their beliefs.
Nobody has the right to be abusive in a relationship.
Nobody has the right to cloak themselves in the First Amendment to break the law.
Nobody has the right to decide for others.
Nobody has the right to design an educational system, or and social system, for someone else.
Nobody has the right to disturb the exercise of any worship.
Nobody has the right to do that.
Nobody has the right to do with our music whatever they want.
Nobody has the right to erase anyone else from the college experience.
Nobody has the right to harass anyone else.
Nobody has the right to hit or hurt another person.
Nobody has the right to impose any act of an unwanted sexual nature on another person.
Nobody has the right to keep a dog from running free.
Nobody has the right to pass a cougar or a gorilla on from hand to hand.
Nobody has the right to prevent anyone else from copying, modifying or redistributing it.
Nobody has the right to sell it or buy it.
Nobody has the right to silence in front of the crime which continues to be committed.
Nobody has the right to stop it even the government.
Nobody has the right to stop that fight.
Nobody has the right to stop the run.
Nobody has the right to surrender any part of it to any foreign ruler.
Nobody has the right to take other people's lives.
Nobody has the right to try to compromise that independence.
Nobody has the right to use the whole sky as their billboard.
Nobody has the right to violate anyone in any way.
Nobody has the time and energy to do all of that.
Nobody has the time or the desire.
Nobody has the time to cook anymore.
Nobody has the time to figure out Boolean logic and syntax.
Nobody has the time to figure out the right additive terms.
Nobody has the time to have things passed up and down the management chain.
Nobody has the time to help the individual consumer with their questions or concerns.
Nobody has the time to learn or practice rules any more.
Nobody has the tools to do code-walking effectively.
Nobody has the vaguest idea, so people make up numbers depending on what their agenda is.
Nobody has the word on the caribou.
Nobody has their hand out.
Nobody has time anymore to read all the interesting books that are written in the world.
Nobody has time anymore.
Nobody has time for a love life.
Nobody has time for games.
Nobody has time for literature any more.
Nobody has time or energy to cook.
Nobody has time to answer questions.
Nobody has time to bask in the day's luck.
Nobody has time to be turned out during the holidays.
Nobody has time to deal with users or user training materials.
Nobody has time to do it.
Nobody has time to do much other than to make some changes around the margins.
Nobody has time to do that.
Nobody has time to explore it all, or even any significant chunk of it.
Nobody has time to fool around with half-way crap or proprietary software headaches.
Nobody has time to keep up with every research study.
Nobody has time to study the classic principles of marketing, or the history of effective design.
Nobody has time to study the classic principles of marketing, or the history of public relations.
Nobody has time to think.
Nobody has time today, especially using a scope, for consulting handbooks or help pages.
Nobody has to be bored.
Nobody has to be courageous.
Nobody has to be fired and nothing has to be closed down.
Nobody has to be here to unlock the door.
Nobody has to be in the wrong or changed.
Nobody has to be lonely.
Nobody has to be poor.
Nobody has to be stuck with having the reunion at their home every year.
Nobody has to be that unaware.
Nobody has to be.
Nobody has to become part of the furniture.
Nobody has to buy a ticket.
Nobody has to buy anything, ever.
Nobody has to buy anything.
Nobody has to buy Irish shares.
Nobody has to climb mountains or sail across the Atlantic to keep society going.
Nobody has to come along.
Nobody has to dictate terms to anyone else.
Nobody has to die.
Nobody has to do anything.
Nobody has to do everything.
Nobody has to do online training.
Nobody has to drive a car.
Nobody has to drive.
Nobody has to explain having two parents, but there are always questions about having just one.
Nobody has to face the physical and emotional consequences of rape or acquaintance rape alone.
Nobody has to fear the course of things as long there is appropriate support from the public.
Nobody has to futz about scoring reams of targets.
Nobody has to give in.
Nobody has to give up anything.
Nobody has to go anywhere else for service.
Nobody has to go scan that article again, and suddenly there is redundant digital storage.
Nobody has to go to prison.
Nobody has to guess anymore.
Nobody has to have a big happy magazine-cover family.
Nobody has to hedge and be afraid to say something.
Nobody has to join in with anything.
Nobody has to keep their word.
Nobody has to know.
Nobody has to learn how to do that.
Nobody has to like each work.
Nobody has to like everything.
Nobody has to like it, but that s the way it is.
Nobody has to like it, but that's the way it is.
Nobody has to listen to it, and everybody is free to either ignore it or condemn it.
Nobody has to listen to what they're actually saying.
Nobody has to live in an incorporated municipality.
Nobody has to lose for blacks to make their neighborhoods acceptable.
Nobody has to make a case for that.
Nobody has to make an opening bet.
Nobody has to own what they say.
Nobody has to pass a test before becoming a web designer.
Nobody has to pay dues.
Nobody has to pay the list price for books any more.
Nobody has to perform that kind of career magic in French cinema.
Nobody has to pick up their work.
Nobody has to play, of course.
Nobody has to prove anything.
Nobody has to provide everything.
Nobody has to purchase graphics software.
Nobody has to purchase or learn how to use cryptographic software.
Nobody has to put themselves in harm's way.
Nobody has to read it if they get bored.
Nobody has to read the local newspaper, because everybody knows what's in it before it is written.
Nobody has to say it.
Nobody has to say more than that, who the author is, what book they're talking about.
Nobody has to sell anything.
Nobody has to sell out.
Nobody has to spend time and energy figuring out a way to fund it.
Nobody has to stand up for it, nobody has to listen to it, and, even better, nobody has to play it.
Nobody has to starve.
Nobody has to suffer like that.
Nobody has to take on the whole language, but everybody has to make a little progress.
Nobody has to take our terminals.
Nobody has to teach a child how to be proud or how to react when pride is hurt.
Nobody has to try to sell it to anyone.
Nobody has to use trusted systems.
Nobody has to walk point.
Nobody has to walk very much anymore.
Nobody has to whole truth.
Nobody has to win in a disagreement.
Nobody has to work TOO hard.
Nobody has to work, just drink and fight and play and drink and sleep and drink.
Nobody has to.
Nobody has too clear an idea what gentrification is, or how it works, or when and how it happens.
Nobody has too much fun, but everything is tidy and proper.
Nobody has total control.
Nobody has troops massed on our border, threatening our safety.
Nobody has two minutes of uninterrupted time.
Nobody has very much money here and nobody is very well-educated or very genteel.
Nobody has what it takes to love with a godly love . . .
Nobody has yet to make a case that there is such an enhancement.
Nobody has yet to turn down a consulting offer yet.
Nobody has yet.
Nobody has. .
Nobody hates a clown.
Nobody hates a free trip.
Nobody hates each other.
Nobody hates turtles.
Nobody hears about all their accomplishments.
Nobody hears about it.
Nobody hears about the massacres that go on.
Nobody hears boots when they're listening for hooves.
Nobody hears it but the chipmunks.
Nobody hears it, but it's still a tree.
Nobody hears of an aircraft accident without contemplating the passengers' terrible final moments.
Nobody hears our complaints.
Nobody hears, nobody cares and the stars go on.
Nobody helps anyone anymore because they are afraid to.
Nobody here can guarantee a high level of reliable data communications.
Nobody here can remember a toy delivery of that size.
Nobody here can stick to one thing.
Nobody here can understand it.
Nobody here cares about a U.S. visit, mainly because the trip itself is useless.
Nobody here cares about plants or the environment.
Nobody here cares about what it says.
Nobody here cares if the 'Cats can beat Memphis or Houston.
Nobody here feels greedy.
Nobody here feels rich, or covetous.
Nobody here feels the freedom has come.
Nobody here has a monopoly on virtue.
Nobody here has eyes.
Nobody here has perfect patience.
Nobody here has to lift a finger.
Nobody here hides behind a web page.
Nobody here is consistent.
Nobody here is encouraging waste.
Nobody here is evil.
Nobody here is happy about it.
Nobody here is in the least bit interested.
Nobody here is interested in sending people to jail for smoking weed.
Nobody here is Perfect.
Nobody here is satisfied.
Nobody here is that delusional.
Nobody here is, really.
Nobody here knows how much of it is in the ground.
Nobody here knows how.
Nobody here knows who ever did live there.
Nobody here likes losing.
Nobody here likes war.
Nobody here likes welfare.
Nobody here phones it in anywhere on the disc.
Nobody here pretends that there are universal recipes or readymade answers to all questions.
Nobody here questions the advantage of chlorine.
Nobody here says they can time it.
Nobody here seems to be interested in anymore civil wars, anymore chaos, anymore bloodshed.
Nobody here seems to care, however.
Nobody here seems to know too much about it.
Nobody here seems to know what they want to cook just yet.
Nobody here sings very well, but they sing with feeling.
Nobody here spells it that way.
Nobody here thinks any different.
Nobody here understands that.
Nobody here walks on water.
Nobody here wants that.
Nobody here wants to be ignored and treated like a useless person.
Nobody here wants to be left in the valley of depletion and emptiness and discouragement.
Nobody here wants to hear what comes next.
Nobody here wears shoes.
Nobody hesitates to buy a red car on the grounds that red and all colors are purely subjective.
Nobody hides anything in a locker.
Nobody hides behind the veil of coolness.
Nobody hikes unmarked trails in Humboldt County, they say.
Nobody hires permanent staff out of short-term grants.
Nobody hitchhikes anymore.
Nobody hits a breakin' ball anymore.
Nobody hits anybody except on the screen.
Nobody hits anything.
Nobody hits the ball farther, but nobody is capable of posting the biggest number on a hole.
Nobody hogs the rock.
Nobody holds a monopoly on discipline or the desire to play with pride and professionalism.
Nobody holds an exclusive franchise on the ability to be cruel to other humans.
Nobody holds the token.
Nobody holds their nose at a smelly, raggedy girl any more.
Nobody hunts for a myth.
Nobody hunts with a handgun.
Nobody hushes up anything anymore.
Nobody icould ignore the warning.
Nobody imposes their plan on the populace by force.
Nobody improve it stated a blood than government remember among the birthday gifts for dad.
Nobody including humans can live without water.
Nobody inherits a personality, all behavior is learned.
Nobody intend our share a nineteen either worth grind beneath an bomb manufacturing.
Nobody intends to fail, but a great many people do.
Nobody intends to go into the desert-nobody wants to go there.
Nobody invades Switzerland, either, except for lawyers.
Nobody investigates and tries to put the butcher behind bars.
Nobody investigates to try to find the truth.
Nobody invests for charity.
Nobody invests in writers.
Nobody invests to lose money.
Nobody involved has reliable statistics.
Nobody involved in security seems willing to talk about it.
Nobody irons horizontal creases.
Nobody is a better judge than the public opinion.
Nobody is a bigger expert on the first time than children.
Nobody is a blank page.
Nobody is a blend of accoustic guitar and violin with beautiful two part harmony and witty lyrics.
Nobody is a butcher.
Nobody is a Collective Soul fan.
Nobody is a complete player.
Nobody is a crystal ball reader.
Nobody is a founder in it, nobody is a leader in it.
Nobody is a generic human being.
Nobody is a judge of duty for another.
Nobody is a mind reader.
Nobody is a racist, or an ultra nationalist, or a protectionist when their child is sick.
Nobody is a refugee until they're found to be a refugee.
Nobody is a sinner anymore.
Nobody is a slut, they say.
Nobody is a star.
Nobody is a stranger here it takes a lot of tea and cigarettes to pass the time.
Nobody is a winner and all win.
Nobody is a winner.
Nobody is able to call such a structure real.
Nobody is able to communicate our problems.
Nobody is able to do it right now.
Nobody is able to provide answers to the contrary.
Nobody is able to show the benefits of computers using national productivity statistics.
Nobody is above anyone else and everyone has a job to do.
Nobody is above needing compassionate response.
Nobody is above the law .
Nobody is above the law, including law enforcement.
Nobody is above the law, regardless of wealth, says the mayor.
Nobody is above the law.
Nobody is above their actions.
Nobody is absolutely certain what it is, but they have their hunches.
Nobody is absolutely right.
Nobody is addicted to any bad habit.
Nobody is afraid of noises, thunder, lightning, or being alone in the dark.
Nobody is afraid of teacher or test.
Nobody is afraid of the boys in blue.
Nobody is afraid to celebrate success under normal conditions.
Nobody is afraid to get in the other's way here, and the chemistry seems just right.
Nobody is afraid to get it and want to take a shot.
Nobody is against a tax cut.
Nobody is against cutting costs either.
Nobody is against education.
Nobody is against reforms.
Nobody is against science and technology.
Nobody is against that.
Nobody is against the charity religions supply.
Nobody is against the opposition sitting in tents.
Nobody is ahead, nobody is behind.
Nobody is alarmed, nobody is hostile.
Nobody is all good or evil.
Nobody is all male or all female.
Nobody is all pale like that.
Nobody is alone here.
Nobody is alone.
Nobody is always available.
Nobody is an expert at all video poker games.
Nobody is an honest man.
Nobody is an island anymore.
Nobody is an island, isolated from everybody else.
Nobody is an island.
Nobody is anchored here taking care of all the little household things.
Nobody is angry, there are no reasons for that.
Nobody is anonymous here.
Nobody is anonymous on the Internet.
Nobody is anonymous on the Web except maybe hackers who carefully cover their tracks.
Nobody is any one thing, but rather, a little of both.
Nobody is appointed by the king to be the royal spaceship designer.
Nobody is arrested.
Nobody is as angry as the mothers tending to their sick children.
Nobody is as good or as great as they are on the day of their funeral.
Nobody is as pure as the driven snow.
Nobody is as smart as everybody.
Nobody is ashamed of being a consumer.
Nobody is asking to invest, just stop shipping Russian localized software then.
Nobody is asleep.
Nobody is at a standstill.
Nobody is at anywhere.
Nobody is at home here.
Nobody is at our Inn because they thought they'd stop by for a nosh.
Nobody is at the door.
Nobody is at the front gate.
Nobody is at their best when shucking and jiving in a courtroom.
Nobody is authorized to be above the law.
Nobody is authorized to speak today.
Nobody is available.
Nobody is aware.
Nobody is barred from it.
Nobody is better and nobody is worse.
Nobody is better at flattery and just plain ol' fashioned brown nosing.
Nobody is better at promotion than the movie people.
Nobody is better off for having been beaten as a child.
Nobody is better off in their budget.
Nobody is better off than anybody else.
Nobody is better or worse, just different.
Nobody is better prepared for competition.
Nobody is better qualified to appeal to both sides.
Nobody is better than another.
Nobody is better than someone else.
Nobody is better than the other.
Nobody is bigger than the game.
Nobody is bisexual.
Nobody is bitter, and nobody is mad.
Nobody is blameless in our huge witchhunt.
Nobody is blown away by virtuousity.
Nobody is bored.
Nobody is born a genius.
Nobody is born a good cook.
Nobody is born a perfect lover.
Nobody is born a security expert.
Nobody is born a specialist.
Nobody is born evil.
Nobody is born homophobic.
Nobody is born homosexual.
Nobody is born into salvation.
Nobody is born mature.
Nobody is born published.
Nobody is born to live eternally.
Nobody is born with a taste for it.
Nobody is born with character.
Nobody is born with the prose of a master, and every bad sentence is a step closer to real skill.
Nobody is bothered by the restriction on wedding feasts, for there are ways to break the ban.
Nobody is bothered if the car owners suffer a cost increase.
Nobody is bullet-proof.
Nobody is called anything like that.
Nobody is certain and, as yet, there is no cure.
Nobody is certain how the stigmata appear.
Nobody is certain of the total number killed across North America.
Nobody is certain what is going on.
Nobody is certain.
Nobody is charged a fee for services or activities.
Nobody is close.
Nobody is closer to the situation and has more to win or to lose.
Nobody is coerced to practice the homosexual or lesbian lifestyle.
Nobody is committed to experimental theater anymore.
Nobody is compelled to belong to the church, as nobody is compelled to enter a society.
Nobody is competition.
Nobody is complacent about competition or the increasingly sophisticated demands from customers.
Nobody is completely sure why alcohol is protective.
Nobody is completely sure.
Nobody is completely worthless.
Nobody is confronted with the abuse that takes place in factory farming.
Nobody is continuously joyful.
Nobody is contracted to play.
Nobody is cut out of the system with an Intranet.
Nobody is defeated.
Nobody is demographically immune from abusing or being abused.
Nobody is denied access to a program because of an inability to pay fees.
Nobody is denied care because of their financial status.
Nobody is denied participation in activities.
Nobody is denied the right to pray or fast.
Nobody is despised who can manage a crocodile.
Nobody is destined to be an underachiever, or lonely.
Nobody is different.
Nobody is disinterested or neutral.
Nobody is done thinking about it.
Nobody is down.
Nobody is dumb enough to keep going to school after a few days.
Nobody is ecstatic, but nobody is panicking either.
Nobody is elected for a fixed term.
Nobody is encouraged through promotion or higher pay to leave teaching for an administrative job.
Nobody is entirely consistent.
Nobody is entirely sure what the worm actually is.
Nobody is entitled to anything.
Nobody is entitled to first publication, after all.
Nobody is entitled to judge anybody else s belief.
Nobody is entitled to votes.
Nobody is entrenched in a spot in the standings right now.
Nobody is estranged from anybody else.
Nobody is even aware of it.
Nobody is even close to getting it right.
Nobody is even in the same ballpark with Woods.
Nobody is even interested anymore.
Nobody is even second.
Nobody is even sure who built it or exactly where it came from.
Nobody is ever alive and joyfully free who is unforgiven.
Nobody is ever alone.
Nobody is ever happy in the law.
Nobody is ever happy with how they look and how they act.
Nobody is ever honest like that about a mistake.
Nobody is ever in.
Nobody is ever justified in hurting someone else to get their way.
Nobody is ever more important than the mission.
Nobody is ever pleased to lose a lawsuit.
Nobody is ever ready.
Nobody is ever too old to learn.
Nobody is ever wholly wrong.
Nobody is evil, but some are selfish and some are immature, and that's what drives the plot.
Nobody is exactly sure how much damage hackers cause each year.
Nobody is excluded for their beliefs.
Nobody is excluded from any subject.
Nobody is excluded from our mailing list because of inability to pay.
Nobody is excluded from society.
Nobody is excluded from the Kingdom of Heaven except through human fault.
Nobody is excluded under the scheme.
Nobody is excluded.
Nobody is exempt and there are plenty of examples over the years.
Nobody is exempt from it.
Nobody is exempt from match fees.
Nobody is exempt from that.
Nobody is exempt from the law of the market, the consumers' sovereignty.
Nobody is exempt from the scepticism of a global financial community.
Nobody is exempt.
Nobody is exhausted yet.
Nobody is faster.
Nobody is fat but neither are they very athletic.
Nobody is fat, Jewish, lonely, whatever they're just all friends.
Nobody is fired.
Nobody is fooled.
Nobody is for continuing that.
Nobody is for it, except the beneficiaries and their peanut galleries.
Nobody is for that.
Nobody is for unqualified teachers.
Nobody is forced any longer to wear some kind of mask.
Nobody is forced into pvp.
Nobody is forced to buy fast food.
Nobody is forced to conduct to electronic transactions.
Nobody is forced to go there.
Nobody is forced to play in public.
Nobody is forced to purchase the preview.
Nobody is forced to start one, work in one, or attend one.
Nobody is forced to use it.
Nobody is forced to watch anything, but everyone deserves the chance to watch porn if they want.
Nobody is forced to watch it or read about it.
Nobody is free of problems, but usually people confide in spouses, siblings or friends.
Nobody is free.
Nobody is frightened by true internationalization.
Nobody is fulfilled.
Nobody is funnier.
Nobody is glad the bubble burst.
Nobody is good at everything.
Nobody is good at predicting the future.
Nobody is good enough.
Nobody is grandfathered.
Nobody is guaranteed a spot.
Nobody is guaranteed anything.
Nobody is guilty.
Nobody is gung ho.
Nobody is happy all the time but that is no excuse for being miserable.
Nobody is happy all the time.
Nobody is happy around here.
Nobody is happy at the way things are.
Nobody is happy but everybody manages to come up with a quip three times a minute.
Nobody is happy for being born with a physical handicap, but they have to make the best of it.
Nobody is happy for Milan's situation.
Nobody is happy when their feet hurt, their back hurts, or their hands and arms go numb.
Nobody is happy when there s a dispute involved.
Nobody is happy with all the rules.
Nobody is happy with the nation's nursing homes.
Nobody is happy with their role.
Nobody is happy, however, that the process began as late as it did.
Nobody is happy.
Nobody is hauled up if no process is made.
Nobody is head and shoulders above the rest.
Nobody is healthy in London, nobody can be.
Nobody is held above anyone else.
Nobody is here by accident.
Nobody is here for purposes of work, interest, or even recreation other than virtual groping.
Nobody is here to hide.
Nobody is here to prove anything by going to villages.
Nobody is here.
Nobody is holy or a saint.
Nobody is home or nobody cares.
Nobody is home right now.
Nobody is home.
Nobody is honest.
Nobody is hurt by friendly and collegial competition.
Nobody is hurt, but while the cops are unarmed, the hero makes a quick getaway.
Nobody is hurt, so nobody can sue.
Nobody is idle or adrift.
Nobody is ignored.
Nobody is ill and is unlikely to be at such exposure levels.
Nobody is ill though some think they are.
Nobody is illegal' - website of the German campaigning group for 'illegal' migrants.
Nobody is immune from it who smokes.
Nobody is immune from it.
Nobody is immune from the possibility of having egg or their face.
Nobody is immune to addiction.
Nobody is immune to beauty.
Nobody is immune to crime.
Nobody is immune to it.
Nobody is immune to political pressure and people are appointed for various reasons.
Nobody is immune to sexually transmitted infections.
Nobody is immune to STIs.
Nobody is immune to that.
Nobody is immune to the pitching process.
Nobody is immune to time.
Nobody is immune, and no protest can prevail.
Nobody is immune.
Nobody is impressed with the speakers.
Nobody is in a hurry here.
Nobody is in a hurry to leave.
Nobody is in a hurry.
Nobody is in a position to assure such a rapid development.
Nobody is in a position to tell what is likely to happen in the immediate future.
Nobody is in a rush to go on strike.
Nobody is in a tighter spot than the American Jewish community.
Nobody is in and nobody is going in.
Nobody is in any serious doubt about the gravity of the situation.
Nobody is in bed with each other within a couple of hours.
Nobody is 'in charge' and no single organization pays the costs.
Nobody is in charge anymore.
Nobody is in charge of finding out answers.
Nobody is in charge of the Internet, and anybody can put up a web page.
Nobody is in charge, they fume.
Nobody is in charge.
Nobody is in command.
Nobody is in control, nobody obeys the authorities.
Nobody is in control.
Nobody is in favor of child molesting.
Nobody is in favour of closing time.
Nobody is in front of the restroom door.
Nobody is in harmony with each other.
Nobody is in ignorance of it.
Nobody is in limbo.
Nobody is in the CLE business for the short run.
Nobody is in the dark as to their importance and value and ability to contribute.
Nobody is in the driver's seat.
Nobody is in the mood for patience.
Nobody is in the playoffs.
Nobody is in the way.
Nobody is in their competition mode.
Nobody is in their right mind to do such a thing.
Nobody is incapable of romance.
Nobody is independent.
Nobody is indispensable but everybody is an asset.
Nobody is indispensable.
Nobody is indispensible.
Nobody is infallible, at least in medicine.
Nobody is infallible.
Nobody is inferior, and nobody is superior.
Nobody is innocent and nobody is perfect.
Nobody is innocent, both inside and outside Serbia.
Nobody is innocent.
Nobody is inside.
Nobody is interested enough to put up the funds.
Nobody is interested in anything else.
Nobody is interested in coming to the theatres when the game show is on.
Nobody is interested in commercial sites here.
Nobody is interested in giving away the store.
Nobody is interested in hearing about deaths, unless they can be made pleasing or amusing.
Nobody is interested in hearing about other people's illnesses.
Nobody is interested in it until they hear it.
Nobody is interested in it.
Nobody is interested in Malaysia now.
Nobody is interested in pricing and valuating in unreliable peso terms.
Nobody is interested in subsidizing someone else s folly or evil.
Nobody is interested in subsidizing someone else's folly or evil.
Nobody is interested in that just the scandal.
Nobody is interested in that kind of a policy.
Nobody is interested in tweaking and fiddling with exotic, hard to understand solutions.
Nobody is interested in visiting a site with just a bunch of links to other sites.
Nobody is interested unless they're cheap.
Nobody is interested until there has been a disaster.
Nobody is interested.
Nobody is intimidated.
Nobody is invincible.
Nobody is irreplaceable.
Nobody is jinxed, if anything is jinxed it is the script.
Nobody is just a nerd or jock.
Nobody is just a number here.
Nobody is just an angry guy.
Nobody is just an atheist.
Nobody is just one sex.
Nobody is just one thing all the time.
Nobody is just somebody.
Nobody is justified by law of deeds.
Nobody is known to have passed it to a family member.
Nobody is left behind because of poor work.
Nobody is left here that knows.
Nobody is left out.
Nobody is left to avenge.
Nobody is left unhappy.
Nobody is liable for the hikers but themselves.
Nobody is liberated unless the deepest level of the mind is changed.
Nobody is likely to starve.
Nobody is listening,'' Redice says in stern tones to the somber-looking children.
Nobody is locked in.
Nobody is long distance anymore.
Nobody is lord, nobody is slave, in following Jesus.
Nobody is loser.
Nobody is lost because of their lack of good works.
Nobody is lost until they die.
Nobody is luckier.
Nobody is made of stone.
Nobody is made poorer by the change.
Nobody is master.
Nobody is messed up because of it.
Nobody is misled.
Nobody is more aware of the power of advertising than Europe's politicians.
Nobody is more competitive than a logger.
Nobody is more deserving of death than the one who killed the best men.
Nobody is more eager for literary kudos than the e-book community.
Nobody is more exciting to watch.
Nobody is more familiar with the connecting corridors of government and corporate power in America.
Nobody is more feminine.
Nobody is more frustrated over the Flint Generals' slow start than the players themselves.
Nobody is more in the spotlight than when they are in the tee box.
Nobody is more of a saint for laziness, just as nobody is more of a saint for activity.
Nobody is more selfish than a Pharisee.
Nobody is more than one group away from one end or the other.
Nobody is more valuable than another.
Nobody is naked.
Nobody is nearby, except for the few who are tending a wounded student.
Nobody is neccesarily wrong.
Nobody is needed to mow.
Nobody is neutral about wolves.
Nobody is nor ever was perfect.
Nobody is normal.
Nobody is obliged to do that, but everybody does.
Nobody is obliged to pursue a particular political good in a particular way at a particular time.
Nobody is oblivious to the downside of sharing the road.
Nobody is offended.
Nobody is on commission.
Nobody is on first.
Nobody is on the same continent.
Nobody is on trial for their religion.
Nobody is on trial.
Nobody is oppressed.
Nobody is out of anything yet, so keep fighting.
Nobody is out of the ring.
Nobody is outside it or affects it any less than anybody else.
Nobody is overconfident.
Nobody is overqualified to teach at a community college.
Nobody is overweight.
Nobody is owed a major championship.
Nobody is paid - just a humanitarian effort to save lives and educate .
Nobody is paid for anything.
Nobody is paid.
Nobody is pardoned.
Nobody is part of a portfolio.
Nobody is particularly good at picking the single best investment all the time.
Nobody is particularly interested in following up on it.
Nobody is passive.
Nobody is penalized for wrong answers.
Nobody is Perfect .
Nobody is perfect and mistakes do occur.
Nobody is perfect and nobody can be.
Nobody is perfect and nobody is entirely unredeemable.
Nobody is perfect and people can make mistakes.
Nobody is perfect but there is a difference in handling the future.
Nobody is perfect for one, and the scale of competition changes from tournament to tournament.
Nobody is perfect so relax, follow our instructions and charts.
Nobody is perfect, and anybody can make mistakes.
Nobody is perfect, and even our best efforts are often marred by sin.
Nobody is perfect, and no company is perfect.
Nobody is perfect, and nobody follows all of the rules all of the time.
Nobody is perfect, and problems come up.
Nobody is perfect, and problems happen.
Nobody is perfect, especially in the face of imperfect knowledge.
Nobody is perfect, however, and the same applies to Web sites.
Nobody is perfect, so let's find reasonable solutions to quality issues.
Nobody is perfect.
Nobody is permitted into the tunnels without notifying the mechanical distribution office.
Nobody is permitted just to study and neglect the routine work of the community.
Nobody is permitted to lose, but nobody is permitted to win, either.
Nobody is permitted to set their tent there either.
Nobody is playing fair, that's the problem.
Nobody is political or hoards information.
Nobody is positively bad.
Nobody is postin anything.
Nobody is predestined to be a criminal.
Nobody is prepared for incarceration.
Nobody is prepared to count.
Nobody is prepared to take a challenge.
Nobody is prepared to venture life and limb.
Nobody is prepared to walk away from better technology anymore.
Nobody is prepared.
Nobody is pressured into contributing.
Nobody is pro-abortion.
Nobody is property.
Nobody is protected from uttering a dumb statement.
Nobody is protected.
Nobody is proud of it.
Nobody is pure.
Nobody is purely evil, and no one is absolutely good.
Nobody is purr-fect.
Nobody is pushed into the ring.
Nobody is quite as systematic about it as they are.
Nobody is quite ready to answer that one.
Nobody is quite sure how colds are caught.
Nobody is quite sure of what exactly happens to a pulsar as it ages and slows down.
Nobody is quite sure when the first rubber chicken took flight.
Nobody is quite sure where the name comes from.
Nobody is quite sure which year it is.
Nobody is quite sure who made it or what it was used for.
Nobody is quite sure why the corona seems to violate the basic rules of thermodynamics.
Nobody is quite sure why, but many researchers believe it is an effect of repeated relapses.
Nobody is quite sure why.
Nobody is quite sure yet why the corona is so hot.
Nobody is quite sure.
Nobody is quite what they seem in the film.
Nobody is ready to break the news.
Nobody is ready to throw anything away.
Nobody is real in the North.
Nobody is really all that sure what it is.
Nobody is really all that surprised, though.
Nobody is really certain about membership numbers.
Nobody is really happy here.
Nobody is really like that.
Nobody is really sure how good they are.
Nobody is really sure what an inveteran is.
Nobody is really sure what the legislature is up to.
Nobody is really sure where hockey began.
Nobody is really sure whether long screws hold better than short.
Nobody is really sure.
Nobody is really to blame.
Nobody is really willing to miss the gorgeous foliage viewing season in new England.
Nobody is refused.
Nobody is rejected.
Nobody is required to anticipate someone else's negligence.
Nobody is required to be there.
Nobody is required to change in order to be accepted.
Nobody is required to memorize it, but it is encouraged.
Nobody is required to provide any clue about it since it is the duty of the government.
Nobody is required to send in their answers.
Nobody is required to stay in longer than their service commitment.
Nobody is required to visit the website or buy from the companies that advertise on it.
Nobody is responsible for any damn thing any more.
Nobody is responsible for anything here.
Nobody is responsible for it independently.
Nobody is responsible for somebody else's behavior.
Nobody is responsible for the global interconnection.
Nobody is responsible for the sins of their ancestors.
Nobody is responsible for what they do.
Nobody is responsible.
Nobody is right about everything.
Nobody is right all the time.
Nobody is right and nobody is wrong in their reasons.
Nobody is right and nobody knows.
Nobody is right or wrong.
Nobody is right, nothing done is appreciated.
Nobody is sacrosanct.
Nobody is safe and everybody is exposed.
Nobody is safe anymore, never mind the hackers, worry about the authorities.
Nobody is safe at home during baseball games anymore.
Nobody is safe because the police are just gun happy.
Nobody is safe forever anymore.
Nobody is safe from asset forfeiture - even elected officials.
Nobody is safe from fires they do happen on campus.
Nobody is safe from the injury bug.
Nobody is safe from the parody.
Nobody is safe from Turkish law.
Nobody is safe from viruses.
Nobody is safe here.
Nobody is safe now, man.
Nobody is safe, from folks enjoying a nice ski to boaters to helicopter pilots.
Nobody is safe.
Nobody is satisfied where they are with their children.
Nobody is satisfied.
Nobody is saved after the first twenty minutes any way.
Nobody is saved by their good works.
Nobody is scared.
Nobody is selfish.
Nobody is self-sufficient.
Nobody is served by a Yugoslavia in the midst of Europe which is physically devastated and isolated.
Nobody is served by stranding the hacker on the wrong side of the digital divide.
NObody is sick.
Nobody is sicker than a sick psychologist.
Nobody is silent.
Nobody is simply a man or a woman.
Nobody is slave to anybody and nobody is subject to anybody.
Nobody is so allowing.
Nobody is so sane as the man swayed by the Holy Spirit.
Nobody is spared from the mentally insane website staff.
Nobody is spared from the salary cap.
Nobody is spared, each and all join in the march of death.
Nobody is spared.
Nobody is special and gifted and divine.
Nobody is stronger today in shaping vertical depth into ground features.
Nobody is stronger, nobody is weaker than someone who came back.
Nobody is stupid.
Nobody is suicidal at all times.
Nobody is superior in every way to another force.
Nobody is superior, nobody is inferior.
Nobody is supposed to be Perfect.
Nobody is supposed to bear that.
Nobody is supposed to criticise each other, for that is academic bullying.
Nobody is supposed to escape the long arm of the law.
Nobody is supposed to fall through the cracks, even foreigners living in Italy illegally.
Nobody is supposed to know who gets the real one.
Nobody is supposed to sleep well in Casablanca.
Nobody is sure and there are lots of legends and myths about that.
Nobody is sure exactly how many software companies make their homes in Maine.
Nobody is sure how gladiatorial games got started.
Nobody is sure how long the storm has been going on.
Nobody is sure how many and to what extent Irish people speak their own language.
Nobody is sure how many people moved out of town, how many moved in, and how family size changed.
Nobody is sure how that engineering feat was achieved.
Nobody is sure how to stop new savers from making the old mistakes.
Nobody is sure just how severe or real the info-tech labor shortage is.
Nobody is sure just when.
Nobody is sure of the best answer.
Nobody is sure precisely how many overseas Florida voters there are.
Nobody is sure that all the guns that went missing have been returned.
Nobody is sure what consequences the exhaust fumes of their machines cause to the air.
Nobody is sure what is going to happen to interest rates.
Nobody is sure what the nose is for.
Nobody is sure what the ultimate situation is going to be, depending on the amount of precipitation.
Nobody is sure when Ghana came into being.
Nobody is sure when they stopped using it, but they did.
Nobody is sure which is true.
Nobody is sure who first proposed the barbell.
Nobody is sure who the land belongs to since both the city and the state have denied ownership.
Nobody is sure why more intelligent people are likely to live longer.
Nobody is sure why peanuts, a legume more related to soy than tree nuts, are so allergenic.
Nobody is sure why Perth has so many restaurants.
Nobody is sure why some nudibranchs are so brightly colored.
Nobody is sure why.
Nobody is sure, but riding the euphoria of the last three weeks, everyone is hopeful.
Nobody is sure.
Nobody is surprised if car companies want to show their products in the best light.
Nobody is surprised if the young imitate what they see.
Nobody is surprised to notice their presence on the web.
Nobody is surprised when vodka meets yearning, self-loathing, or rage.
Nobody is that bored.
Nobody is that crazy.
Nobody is that dumb.
Nobody is that enthusiastic about getting together for coffee.
Nobody is that much of an airhead.
Nobody is that naive.
Nobody is that smart.
Nobody is the better for it.
Nobody is the boss, and all the pieces are so far scaling admirably.
Nobody is the hero all the time.
Nobody is the least bit shocked by the existence of specialist women.
Nobody is the often answer.
Nobody is the star of the show, everybody is a participant and part of the whole experience really.
Nobody is the ultimate authority.
Nobody is their right mind opposes fairness.
Nobody is there to check their currency business.
Nobody is there.
Nobody is therefore in any real danger of losing an insurance policy or a paycheck.
Nobody is therefore in any real danger of losing an insurance policy or a paycheque.
Nobody is to be blamed.
Nobody is to be faulted.
Nobody is to be made worse off as a result of restructuring.
Nobody is to blame for anything.
Nobody is to blame for somebody else's gambling behaviour.
Nobody is to blame for that.
Nobody is to blame.
Nobody is to simply stay at home watching soaps and ballgames while the world burns.
Nobody is to wait on luggage or to take more than they can easily carry.
Nobody is today immune from the process of law.
Nobody is tone deaf.
Nobody is too far away.
Nobody is too important to make coffee, or wash up a cup.
Nobody is too old to enroll for a course in, say, history or literature.
Nobody is too old to go back to school.
Nobody is too poor to give a child for adoption.
Nobody is too young nor too old to deal with it.
Nobody is totally alone.
Nobody is totally healthy or totally sick.
Nobody is totally observant, and nobody is totally sinful.
Nobody is totally useless.
Nobody is tough enough.
Nobody is tougher.
Nobody is trouble-free.
Nobody is truly sure.
Nobody is turned away.
Nobody is unaware of the prevailing gloomy economic situation.
Nobody is uncertain.
Nobody is under any illusions about the extent of the challenge.
Nobody is under any obligation to download the test version of software.
Nobody is unhappier than the perpetual reactor.
Nobody is unhappy.
Nobody is until they get trained.
Nobody is untouchable.
Nobody is up to making conversation.
Nobody is up.
Nobody is upset.
Nobody is very clear about divorce rules here.
Nobody is very close in the love department.
Nobody is Vietnam's enemy anymore.
Nobody is voted off, the public has no say and there are very few scantily clad women.
Nobody is welcome here.
Nobody is willing to give up an advantage.
Nobody is willing to go out on a limb and rate medical care itself.
Nobody is willing to let go immediately.
Nobody is willing to let their hair down and be vulnerable in such a public place.
Nobody is willing to make that dream reality.
Nobody is willing to meet other people half way.
Nobody is willing to put a finger on that.
Nobody is willing to say anything for certain, just yet.
Nobody is willing to take a chance.
Nobody is willing to talk politics.
Nobody is willing to tell the story.
Nobody is within two metres.
Nobody is without hope.
Nobody is worried any longer about Soviet troops marching into Western Europe.
Nobody is worth dying for.
Nobody is worth more than anyone else.
Nobody is worthless, everybody can serve as a bad example to someone.
Nobody is yet confident that is possible.
Nobody is, however, bound to respect such an engagement.
Nobody is, however, called a professor there.
Nobody isa individual.
Nobody isa person.
Nobody isa somebody.
Nobody isa someone.
Nobody iz from around here.
Nobody joins a cult.
Nobody joins so they can get promoted or so they can pass inspection.
Nobody joins the circus.
Nobody jokes about it.
Nobody jumps on taxes when they're down.
Nobody just blows a horn anymore.
Nobody just looks at the stars anymore.
Nobody just passes by.
Nobody just sits back and listens, nobody just sits back and takes notes - all are participants.
Nobody just starts role-playing, it takes a while to get good.
Nobody just suggests barnyard sounds without an ulterior motive.
Nobody just takes a shot for their health.
Nobody keeps a cat.
Nobody keeps a journal anymore, they journal instead.
Nobody keeps a stopwatch by the hospital bed.
Nobody keeps money in banks.
Nobody keeps score and everyone who participates is a winner.
Nobody keeps score.
Nobody keeps the VPs earned before the team split.
Nobody keeps track of their medical history.
Nobody keeps track.
Nobody keeps up with anything in the world.
Nobody kicks a dead dog.
Nobody kicks on being interrupted if it's by applause.
Nobody kills the fuel pump.
Nobody kills the goose that lays the golden eggs.
Nobody kills themselves.
Nobody know everything about everything.
Nobody know how hard it was.
Nobody know how old.
Nobody know nothing.
Nobody know show it can be like that.
Nobody know what happens, what has nandrolone in it.
Nobody know where it came from, but it certainly is fun to sing.
Nobody know who is going to turn pro until the end of next week.
Nobody know why.
Nobody knowingly hires a negative person.
Nobody knows . . .
Nobody Knows .
Nobody knows a building better than the people who work in it.
Nobody knows a city like the people who live there.
Nobody knows a cure.
Nobody knows a damn thing really.
Nobody knows a ski town better than a ski instructor.
Nobody knows a star's current value more than a fame aficionado.
Nobody knows a thing about camels.
Nobody knows a way to stop a launch.
Nobody knows about it.
Nobody knows about minds, emotions from second-hand evidence or behavioral observations.
Nobody knows about such things as phytoplankton or bacteria.
Nobody knows about the amount of such assets today.
Nobody knows about the problem.
Nobody knows about their fate.
Nobody knows about what's happened to the others and they sit down to supper.
Nobody knows about women.
Nobody knows all about the Internet.
Nobody knows all the answers, least of all politicians and bureaucrats.
Nobody knows all the answers.
Nobody knows all the physiological risks associated with diving.
Nobody knows alligator shears better.
Nobody knows and it is all weather related.
Nobody knows and nobody cares.
Nobody knows and nobody wants to take a chance.
Nobody knows and that is why mankind is a mystery.
Nobody knows any better.
Nobody knows any machinery.
Nobody knows anybody who lives even near there.
Nobody knows anybody, really.
Nobody knows anything about anything.
Nobody knows anything about black spruce.
Nobody knows anything about the water, where it comes from and where it goes.
Nobody knows anything about their pharmacology.
Nobody knows anything and nobody can track anything.
Nobody knows anything any more.
Nobody knows anything around here.
Nobody knows anything for sure.
Nobody knows anything in the city.
Nobody knows anything now.
Nobody knows anything nowadays.
Nobody knows anything until the people and the public decide what they like.
Nobody knows anything, but everybody knows everything.
Nobody knows anything, nobody talks.
Nobody knows anything.
Nobody Knows arr.
Nobody knows at what level of accumulation fluoride starts causing health problems.
Nobody knows because when they're on stage, they have eyeballs they wear.
Nobody knows better how to push European buttons.
Nobody knows better than a columnist how truly therapeutic writing can be.
Nobody knows better than a professor that the best way to learn something is to teach it.
Nobody knows better than local communities how to deal with their own crime problems.
Nobody knows better than parents and teachers when it comes to teaching children.
Nobody knows but everyone has to give the Rockies a shot.
Nobody knows but the one who sits on the throne.
Nobody knows car sites.
Nobody knows chords like Dexter.
Nobody knows Colorado as a basketball powerhouse.
Nobody Knows ed.
Nobody knows enough to be a pessimist.
Nobody knows everybody' and 'Any schoolchild can master any language'.
Nobody knows everything about another person when they marry that person.
Nobody knows everything about computers or programming.
Nobody knows everything about computing.
Nobody knows everything about everything.
Nobody knows everything there is to know about self-defense, much less the martial arts.
Nobody knows everything.
Nobody knows exactly how far the human body can safely be pushed in a race car.
Nobody knows exactly how interferon beta works.
Nobody knows exactly how it developed, or who did the construction, or why.
Nobody knows exactly how it's going to be.
Nobody knows exactly how many bad debts Chinese banks carry.
Nobody knows exactly how many can be prevented with irradiation.
Nobody knows exactly how many children are working over the world, but it is very high indeed.
Nobody knows exactly how many deer there are in Australia, but they abound in almost every state.
Nobody knows exactly how many died in the great disaster.
Nobody knows exactly how many farmers save seed from their harvest each year.
Nobody knows exactly how many genetically modified products are on our grocery shelves.
Nobody knows exactly how many historical markers dot Georgia's landscape.
Nobody knows exactly how many isolated wetlands are left unprotected in Wisconsin.
Nobody knows exactly how many land mines are still buried in war-torn Kosovo.
Nobody knows exactly how many people have it.
Nobody knows exactly how many people have turned their lives into endless vacations.
Nobody knows exactly how many people live in the United States today.
Nobody knows exactly how many Russian children live on the streets.
Nobody knows exactly how many women have been trafficked into Bosnia.
Nobody knows exactly how many women suffer the after-effects of abortion.
Nobody knows exactly how many.
Nobody knows exactly how much alcohol is safe during pregnancy.
Nobody knows exactly how much music piracy has cost the industry.
Nobody knows exactly how they came into being.
Nobody knows exactly or where education is.
Nobody knows exactly what causes colon cancer.
Nobody knows exactly what causes testicular cancer.
Nobody knows exactly what happened to it.
Nobody knows exactly what happened to the dinosaurs, but scientists have many theories.
Nobody knows exactly what happened.
Nobody knows exactly what is going on.
Nobody knows exactly what it is or who is in charge of what.
Nobody knows exactly what it is, but everybody is on the lookout for it.
Nobody knows exactly what it means.
Nobody knows exactly what that means but it seemed noteworthy.
Nobody knows exactly what the audience wants because the audience's tastes are constantly changing.
Nobody knows exactly what they mean.
Nobody knows exactly what's coming because there are so many options.
Nobody knows exactly what's happening under the sarcophagus.
Nobody knows exactly when it started.
Nobody knows exactly when.
Nobody knows exactly where or how the yogic postures originated.
Nobody knows exactly where the seeds of life came from.
Nobody knows exactly where the wild horses originate.
Nobody knows exactly where they are produced and a source has yet to be precisely detected.
Nobody knows exactly where they came from or who the first one was.
Nobody knows exactly who can enter in the criterias.
Nobody knows exactly who discovered raspberries.
Nobody knows exactly why asthma seems to thrive on psychological distress.
Nobody knows exactly why CAPD occurs or what is wrong.
Nobody knows exactly why doctors say that.
Nobody knows exactly why the drying and cooling of the airway linings causes the asthma episode.
Nobody knows exactly why they left.
Nobody knows exactly why, although there is always much speculation.
Nobody knows exactly why, but the correlation is much too strong to question.
Nobody knows exactly why.
Nobody knows exactly.
Nobody knows except our parents, sisters, the minister and the pediatrician.
Nobody knows except the executive in the military or air force.
Nobody knows for certain what causes schizophrenia.
Nobody knows for certain what resveratrol does in plants.
Nobody knows for certain what they do the rest of the time.
Nobody knows for certain why it was created.
Nobody knows for certain yet.
Nobody knows for certain, however, there are several theories.
Nobody knows for certain.
Nobody knows for sure about the rest.
Nobody knows for sure but several trends and directions seem evident.
Nobody knows for sure how many American children are schooled at home.
Nobody knows for sure how pigeons are able to find their way back home from hundreds of miles away.
Nobody knows for sure how the mistakes happened.
Nobody knows for sure if they are still alive or in Iraqi prisons as prisoners of war.
Nobody knows for sure what causes autism.
Nobody knows for sure what causes the condition.
Nobody knows for sure what the hell's going to happen.
Nobody knows for sure what's going on.
Nobody knows for sure what's going to happen.
Nobody knows for sure when or how or where the custom developed.
Nobody knows for sure where it comes from.
Nobody knows for sure where it originated from.
Nobody knows for sure where the name came from.
Nobody knows for sure who build Stonehenge so the dress of the priest shown is complete conjecture.
Nobody knows for sure who exactly caused the Great War.
Nobody knows for sure yet.
Nobody knows for sure, although there are many theories.
Nobody knows for sure, because there is no investigation.
Nobody knows for sure, but a type of software known as information agents is very exciting.
Nobody knows for sure, but bad guys are out of luck, cause here comes.
Nobody knows for sure, but here is what most scientists of today think.
Nobody knows for sure, but here's the publisher's opinion.
Nobody knows for sure, but it's possible.
Nobody knows for sure, but perhaps they are singing the blues.
Nobody knows for sure, but scientists made some good hypotheses.
Nobody knows for sure, but there are arguments for and against several people.
Nobody knows for sure, but there are many theories.
Nobody knows for sure, of course.
Nobody knows for sure, though many claim to sell the answer.
Nobody knows for sure, yet.
Nobody knows for sure.
Nobody knows for which disease the gene is useful yet.
Nobody knows from where did disgust come.
Nobody knows how a cask is going to turn out.
Nobody knows how and when they got on the rocks, and the most divergent opinions prevail about it.
Nobody knows how bad the problem is, but they do know there are Superfund sites out there.
Nobody knows how big government is.
Nobody knows how big it can grow before routers start crashing from overload.
Nobody knows how clouds make lightning .
Nobody knows how clouds make lightning.
Nobody knows how destiny works until the end of life.
Nobody knows how did the accident the accident did to the accident happened.
Nobody knows how effective it is in practice, yet.
Nobody knows how either.
Nobody knows how far the universe goes or what is contained within.
Nobody knows how fast or slow addiction takes place.
Nobody knows how it began. . . .
Nobody knows how it can be like that.
Nobody knows how it got there or where it is now.
Nobody knows how it got there.
Nobody knows how it happened.
Nobody knows how it is transmitted from one animal to another.
Nobody knows how it started.
Nobody knows how it was settled exactly, because it was kept secret.
Nobody knows how it was used.
Nobody knows how it works and how it can be targeted.
Nobody knows how it works, but it works, they say.
Nobody knows how it works.
Nobody knows how it's going to peak or even when.
Nobody knows how large the nucleus is.
Nobody knows how long a body is going to last.
Nobody knows how long cotton has been in existence.
Nobody knows how long it takes to kill an olive.
Nobody knows how long it's going to be.
Nobody knows how long the mound has been around.
Nobody knows how long the rose has grown in the garden.
Nobody knows how long they live in the wild, but they do know that they live alone.
Nobody knows how long.
Nobody knows how many develop dependencies that continue after their careers end.
Nobody knows how many died.
Nobody knows how many domestic servants there are exactly, but it is very high indeed.
Nobody knows how many fences they demolished in hot pursuit.
Nobody knows how many have been abducted, but it is certainly in the thousands.
Nobody knows how many have been infected.
Nobody knows how many hormones the body makes.
Nobody knows how many innocent defendants have been executed or remain in prison.
Nobody knows how many Malayan tapirs are in the wild.
Nobody knows how many men worked on the ramparts.
Nobody knows how many mines there are over there.
Nobody knows how many more diamonds are smuggled out of Angola.
Nobody knows how many people are dead or wounded.
Nobody knows how many people are online.
Nobody knows how many people have committed suicide by jumping off the bridge .
Nobody knows how many people have committed suicide by jumping off the bridge.
Nobody knows how many people use the Internet, because, first of all, it is a network of networks.
Nobody knows how many planes actually carry the bad fuel.
Nobody knows how many populate the latter two categories.
Nobody knows how many result from extended periods of sitting during travel.
Nobody knows how many self replicating molecules are possible.
Nobody knows how many Syrian security forces out of uniform patrol the country.
Nobody knows how many teachers have a second masters.
Nobody knows how many there are because nobody can count that fast.
Nobody knows how many there are.
Nobody knows how many varieties there are, but they definitely number in the many thousands.
Nobody knows how much alcohol is too much.
Nobody knows how much fluoride Irish people are ingesting.
Nobody knows how much money has come to Gujarat.
Nobody knows how much of it is below the ground.
Nobody knows how much of the culture survives.
Nobody knows how much oil is buried beneath the refuge.
Nobody knows how much racing ability adds to a mare's producing potential.
Nobody knows how much time they have left.
Nobody knows how much tin or rubber or how many cars the world needs.
Nobody knows how much, but for now all bets are off.
Nobody knows how much.
Nobody knows how old it is.
Nobody knows how or really when it was delivered.
Nobody knows how or why.
Nobody knows how soon.
Nobody knows how that feels.
Nobody knows how that stuff works.
Nobody knows how that works.
Nobody knows how that's going to work.
Nobody knows how the builders determined the precise placement of their stones.
Nobody knows how the fire got started in the first place.
Nobody knows how the mechanism of war develops.
Nobody knows how the smallpox virus originated.
Nobody knows how the statue really looks.
Nobody knows how the thumb got there.
Nobody knows how the velcro patches are s upposed to work.
Nobody knows how they are doing it.
Nobody knows how they carried the heavy rocks in the air.
Nobody knows how they enter the country or acquire residence and work permits or business licences.
Nobody knows how they live.
Nobody knows how they navigate to Alaska.
Nobody knows how they really feel about another person in two weeks.
Nobody knows how they're going to handle.
Nobody knows how to audition anymore.
Nobody knows how to be married today.
Nobody knows how to clear the mess.
Nobody knows how to dance or sing at ritual events . . .
Nobody knows how to deal with it because debt crises have changed so much.
Nobody knows how to dictate.
Nobody knows how to do it.
Nobody knows how to do lunch anymore.
Nobody knows how to do that.
Nobody knows how to do the damn thing to compete at a level comparable to soccer-style kickers.
Nobody knows how to hunt it anymore.
Nobody knows how to make a masterpiece.
Nobody knows how to make coherent virii.
Nobody knows how to make it all just work in the first place.
Nobody knows how to make money on it yet.
Nobody knows how to make sense of the legal issues.
Nobody knows how to measure the effectiveness of offline advertising with that kind of precision.
Nobody knows how to predict stock-market crashes.
Nobody knows how to prove mathematically that a product cipher is completely secure.
Nobody knows how to put it on a ledger sheet and make decisions about it.
Nobody knows how to react.
Nobody knows how to stop it.
Nobody knows how to use 'em.
Nobody knows how, either.
Nobody knows how.
Nobody knows Hutchinson Island better.
Nobody knows if it really works or become true .
Nobody knows if it really works or become true.
Nobody knows if something is impossible.
Nobody knows if tapirs mate for life.
Nobody knows if that's right, if that's too low, if that's too high.
Nobody knows if the babies are gay or straight.
Nobody knows if the cancer cases are connected to the school.
Nobody knows if the feline seen with the coyote was that particular cat.
Nobody knows if the first event ever occurred, and everybody knows the second event never did.
Nobody knows if the gene is part of the cause.
Nobody knows if the hybrids are fertile.
Nobody knows if the new drug fights sleepiness as well as stimulants.
Nobody knows if there is a problem.
Nobody knows if there is a soul in a human being.
Nobody knows if there is a winner until after the drawing.
Nobody knows if they have unwanted side effects.
Nobody knows if they've got a job.
Nobody knows in the natural what the future holds.
Nobody Knows' is a phrase that the second album night complete as a sentence.
Nobody knows it all.
Nobody knows it better than the stars who have struggled with the problem themselves.
Nobody knows it better.
Nobody knows it exists.
Nobody knows it until several weeks ago.
Nobody knows it, and they get treated like they're dumb.
Nobody knows it, however.
Nobody knows it.
Nobody Knows It.
Nobody knows it's there until little eyes start to water or little lungs to wheeze.
Nobody knows just how a person becomes gay or lesbian, whether it's a choice or triggered by genes.
Nobody knows just what causes Progeria.
Nobody knows just what is in there besides fish and old shoes and the things people lose.
Nobody knows just what went wrong or exactly where their plane went down.
Nobody knows just when.
Nobody knows miniatures like North East Fasteners.
Nobody knows more about a product than the people who made it.
Nobody knows more about hitting.
Nobody Knows More About Less.
Nobody knows more about Napa Valley real estate then our company.
Nobody knows more about risk and how to live with it than entrepreneurs.
Nobody knows much about it.
Nobody Knows Nobody Knows the pain.
Nobody knows nothing here.
Nobody knows now.
Nobody knows of any boxing clubs around.
Nobody knows of any.
Nobody knows of anyone who is using it.
Nobody knows of aspects to it that give rise to either hope or frustration.
Nobody knows of course.
Nobody knows one single best way to teach.
Nobody knows or can seem to find out.
Nobody knows or cares who they are.
Nobody knows or even wonders.
Nobody knows or is telling.
Nobody knows or wants to tell.
Nobody knows or who controls.
Nobody knows our suffering.
Nobody knows Philadelphia lawyers and their needs better.
Nobody knows precisely how many children die each year from physical abuse at the hands of adults.
Nobody knows precisely how much corporate tax-sheltering goes on.
Nobody knows precisely when it began.
Nobody knows quite what the organ does just yet.
Nobody knows quite what to do.
Nobody knows quite why, but it seems to help.
Nobody knows really what the reason was.
Nobody knows right now.
Nobody knows shopping like teen girls.
Nobody knows snacks like kids.
Nobody knows such things.
Nobody knows sun like South Florida.
Nobody knows that answer.
Nobody knows that better than junior faculty members.
Nobody knows that better than someone who has plumbed the depths of bubble gum heavy metal.
Nobody knows that better than the criminals who wield power.
Nobody knows that better than the people directly involved.
Nobody knows that either.
Nobody knows that much.
Nobody knows that they are near a methanol fire until they feel the heat.
Nobody knows that yet.
Nobody knows that, because of the mental aspect of it.
Nobody knows that.
Nobody knows the actual number of listeners.
Nobody knows the actual number.
Nobody knows the actual size and shape of elementary particles such as quarks.
Nobody knows the age of the human race, but all agree it is old enough to know better.
Nobody knows the age of the human race, but everybody agrees that it is old enough to know better.
Nobody knows the answer and many are trying to find out.
Nobody knows the answer to percentage of abuse.
Nobody knows the answer to the question.
Nobody knows the answer.
Nobody knows the answers.
Nobody knows the bitterness of war more than the Eritrean people.
Nobody knows the business better.
Nobody knows the calendar but there is serious trouble ahead.
Nobody knows the cause of cancer, although there are many theories.
Nobody knows the cause of endometriosis.
Nobody knows the cause.
Nobody knows the child better than the parent.
Nobody knows the color of their own spot, but they do know the color of everyone else's.
Nobody knows the current survival rate for young.
Nobody knows the day.
Nobody knows the difference - Like nobody there before the film.
Nobody knows the difference between a good quarterback and a bad one unless they've played before.
Nobody knows the difference.
Nobody knows the exact number of adjuvant chemotherapy cycles which are optimal.
Nobody knows the exact origin of the ruins.
Nobody knows the exact way the question is going to be phrased.
Nobody knows the extent to which long term antipsychotic treatment is helpful in bipolar disorder.
Nobody knows the facts, and they are arguing unnecessarily.
Nobody knows the fate of Vermin.
Nobody knows the final goal of the reforms.
Nobody knows the fundamentals anymore.
Nobody knows the future of the Sino-American relationship.
Nobody knows the future.
Nobody knows the geological history of Mars .
Nobody knows the geological history of Mars.
Nobody knows the intimacies of any relationship or marriage except the couple involved.
Nobody knows the intricacies of the life systems.
Nobody knows the laws of nature, except for the creator of nature.
Nobody knows the life expectancy of the Galapagos tortoise.
Nobody knows the limits anymore.
Nobody knows the map of the future.
Nobody knows the market better than an experienced real estate professional.
Nobody knows the market or our customers better.
Nobody knows the mixture of mania and solid performance that underlies the stock market.
Nobody knows the molecule better than the manufacturer.
Nobody knows the name of the game.
Nobody knows the Net better than Net Talk Interactive .
Nobody knows the numbers and species being kept.
Nobody knows the operational side of steam on a tourist railroad better.
Nobody knows the order of the two shorts in an int.
Nobody knows the origin of the disease.
Nobody knows the outcome of the game.
Nobody knows the outcome.
Nobody knows the people who make it happen.
Nobody knows the perils of the ocean without facing it's fury and ferocity.
Nobody knows the perps.
Nobody knows the precise formula for successfully developing and sustaining community networks.
Nobody knows the real attendance figures.
Nobody knows the real cause of sex of maleness and femaleness.
Nobody knows the real estate market better than someone who has trained for it.
Nobody knows the real number - surveillance is inadequate.
Nobody knows the real potential in a generation.
Nobody knows the real story for sure, but both seem reasonable.
Nobody knows the reason of suffering.
Nobody knows the results yet, even the judges.
Nobody knows the rules.
Nobody knows the situation better than the people.
Nobody knows the size of the Internet nor exactly how many people use it.
Nobody Knows the sorrow.
Nobody knows the strength of the Soviet units until they are committed to combat.
Nobody knows the terror, and the confusion, and the madness that went on in the middle of that war.
Nobody knows the total number of bicycles that disappear due to theft.
Nobody knows the total values of our asset.
Nobody knows the truth.
Nobody knows the value of the item, but it is the same for everyone.
Nobody knows the way out or in.
Nobody knows the whole picture.
Nobody knows the world, but everybody has a mental image of it, a kind of small-scale model.
Nobody knows their fate.
Nobody knows their future.
Nobody knows their name, their address, or anything like that.
Nobody knows their names, except for the local people who fish the water.
Nobody knows theme.
Nobody knows they have something to offer one another.
Nobody knows tired like single parents of teens.
Nobody knows to date.
Nobody Knows to ten thousand people.
Nobody Knows to the stories section .
Nobody knows to what extent or exactly when.
Nobody knows Toronto better than the famous news duo .
Nobody knows unless they've been there.
Nobody knows until they come back from commercial.
Nobody knows very much about the house.
Nobody knows what a career plan is.
Nobody knows what a datum is.
Nobody knows what a fish thinks.
Nobody knows what a pirogue is, or how to spell it.
Nobody knows what a production designer is.
Nobody knows what a racket was there.
Nobody knows what a table tool rig is anymore.
Nobody knows what a trillion dollars is, so obviously it is huge.
Nobody knows what amount of exercise is best for anybody.
Nobody knows what anybody wants.
Nobody knows what are they going to attack tonight.
Nobody knows what body parts of chameleon get their food .
Nobody knows what can happen and how rapidly.
Nobody knows what caused the wave of speculation.
Nobody knows what causes breast cancer.
Nobody knows what causes bulimia, but there are probably many causes.
Nobody knows what causes focal sclerosis, or kidney disease in general.
Nobody knows what causes it to occur.
Nobody knows what causes it.
Nobody knows what causes lightning.
Nobody knows what causes most cases of childhood leukemia.
Nobody knows what causes stuttering.
Nobody knows what causes the process.
Nobody knows what chaos is, but everybody's right.
Nobody knows what chemicals are handled.
Nobody knows what colours Saint Louis had.
Nobody knows what comes afterwards, or even if there is anything but Oblivion after the final step.
Nobody knows what comes next.
Nobody knows what dose the participants or downwinders received.
Nobody knows what else has been mobilized.
Nobody knows what everyone else pledged.
Nobody knows what happened after that.
Nobody knows what happened and no one saw anything.
Nobody knows what happened between then and the time they rode up to the Leeds farm.
Nobody knows what happened but they also found a bowling ball in the bottom of the pool.
Nobody knows what happened here.
Nobody knows what happened to our children.
Nobody knows what happened to the earlier inquiry.
Nobody knows what happened to the fort, or where exactly it was.
Nobody knows what happened to the medicine bag.
Nobody knows what happened to the other.
Nobody knows what happened to the seriously wounded girls after that.
Nobody knows what happened to the third.
Nobody knows what happened, or why, but it did happen.
Nobody knows what happened.
Nobody knows what happens in the inner regions of a black hole.
Nobody knows what happens to any individual monkey after capture.
Nobody knows what happens.
Nobody knows what instigated the quake.
Nobody knows what is going on, or who is running the show.
Nobody knows what is going on.
Nobody knows what is going to happen at the end of the hand count.
Nobody knows what is going to happen tomorrow.
Nobody knows what is going to happen, and they want to be prepared.
Nobody knows what is going to happen.
Nobody knows what is happening to people off the welfare rolls.
Nobody knows what is the best way to do a Linux desktop - if, indeed, there is a single best way.
Nobody knows what is to happen to the inmates, and some manage to escape across the tomato fields.
Nobody knows what it does to fisheries.
Nobody knows what it eats, but it is more prey than predator.
Nobody knows what it is and what it does exactly.
Nobody knows what it is like to be resurrected from the dead.
Nobody knows what it is until they see it.
Nobody knows what it is, because they've never seen it, hence, there's no demand.
Nobody knows what it is.
Nobody knows what it means anyway.
Nobody knows what it means or how it works.
Nobody knows what it means, uhung in there v.
Nobody knows what it means.
Nobody knows what it really is, but everyone has an opinion.
Nobody knows what it says, but over the years it has been the subject of a lot of talk.
Nobody knows what it's really like until they come here.
Nobody knows what Libertarian means.
Nobody knows what love is.
Nobody knows what makes a hit.
Nobody knows what movie is going to make money.
Nobody knows what one looks like.
Nobody knows what proportion of the fires are caused by the different actors at the moment.
Nobody knows what purpose the research is meant to serve, but everyone does as they re asked.
Nobody knows what 'real' really means.
Nobody knows what real really means.
Nobody knows what really happened.
Nobody knows what s going on.
Nobody knows what shape it's in.
Nobody knows what sparked the blaze.
Nobody knows what sparked the bombing campaign.
Nobody knows what that is.
Nobody knows what that means, but everybody likes the sound of it.
Nobody knows what that means.
Nobody knows what that point is, but at least they made one.
Nobody knows what the answer is.
Nobody knows what the answer to that question is.
Nobody knows what the audience wants.
Nobody knows what the chemical formula for protoplasm is.
Nobody knows what the enemy looks like.
Nobody knows what the fully empowered individual can do, because there has never been one.
Nobody knows what the future brings.
Nobody knows what the future holds, so everybody's reluctant to show initiative.
Nobody knows what the future holds.
Nobody knows what the future of science and technology holds.
Nobody knows what the heck it did.
Nobody knows what the holes are for.
Nobody knows what the music of ancient Rome sounded like.
Nobody knows what the next thing is going to be.
Nobody knows what the outcome is going to be.
Nobody knows what the real force of gravity is at short distances.
Nobody knows what the right something is.
Nobody knows what the soul is.
Nobody knows what the truth is.
Nobody knows what the users think about push publishing, because nobody is using Pushing yet.
Nobody knows what they are buying or selling.
Nobody knows what they are doing here.
Nobody knows what they are doing there.
Nobody knows what they are, and nobody wants 'em.
Nobody knows what they are.
Nobody knows what they can do.
Nobody knows what they go through until it hits so close to home.
Nobody knows what they have in mind.
Nobody knows what they lost.
Nobody knows what they re doing but the artist.
Nobody knows what they really are.
Nobody knows what they want.
Nobody knows what they're doing here.
Nobody knows what they're doing.
Nobody knows what they're from.
Nobody knows what they're going to do in a crisis like that.
Nobody knows what time it is.
Nobody knows what to do about it.
Nobody knows what to do next.
Nobody knows what to do with it.
Nobody knows what to do with the clothes so Parish leaves, still pushing the little metal cart.
Nobody knows what to do with the napkin.
Nobody knows what to do, really.
Nobody knows what to do.
Nobody knows what to expect from Colorado.
Nobody knows what to expect next year.
Nobody knows what to expect.
Nobody knows what to say.
Nobody knows what was below the stones.
Nobody knows what winter is like in Sinai.
Nobody knows what's around the bend .
Nobody knows what's behind the shift.
Nobody knows what's being traded or produced.
Nobody knows what's causing the shift.
Nobody knows what's going on in the former Soviet Union.
Nobody knows what's going on out there.
Nobody knows what's going on.
Nobody knows what's going to be a hit.
Nobody knows what's going to happen next year.
Nobody knows what's going to happen on race day.
Nobody knows what's going to happen when the date rolls over.
Nobody knows what's going to happen yet.
Nobody knows what's going to happen, because it is open to litigation.
Nobody knows what's going to happen.
Nobody knows what's growing in Bridget.
Nobody Knows What's Happening To Love .
Nobody knows what's happening tomorrow.
Nobody knows what's happening.
Nobody knows what's in it any more.
Nobody knows what's next.
Nobody knows what's round the corner.
Nobody knows what's supposed to be done or in what order.
Nobody knows what's wrong, but they are blaming it on the computer.
Nobody knows when a lodestone was first used to point north.
Nobody knows when America's love affair with the noodle really began.
Nobody knows when an exile turns into a diaspora or when a diaspora becomes extinct.
Nobody knows when and where it is picked up.
Nobody knows when evolution first permitted speech.
Nobody knows when it was abandoned.
Nobody knows when or for whom the first grave was dug there.
Nobody knows when or how the slaves separated themselves into West, East, and South Slavs.
Nobody knows when the bass bug came into being.
Nobody knows when the custom started but it has allegedy been going on for centuries.
Nobody knows when the game location was moved.
Nobody knows when the picture was taken, just that it was in Germany.
Nobody knows when the war is going to end.
Nobody knows when the world enters a new period of history.
Nobody knows when to come in.
Nobody knows when, who's going to pay and who it's going to land on.
Nobody knows when.
Nobody knows where a shoe fits or hurts more than the person wearing the shoe.
Nobody knows where China is going.
Nobody knows where email hoaxes come from.
Nobody knows where in the house any of the slaves where hidden.
Nobody knows where it comes from.
Nobody knows where it is going to end, who is going to be standing at the end of the day.
Nobody knows where it is going.
Nobody knows where it is or what it says.
Nobody knows where it is.
Nobody knows where it went or why - all they know is that it's gone.
Nobody knows where it's all going to go.
Nobody knows where it's going to stop.
Nobody knows where or when.
Nobody knows where our procedures are.
Nobody knows where stocks are going from here.
Nobody knows where the body of Voltaire is.
Nobody knows where the bottom is.
Nobody knows where the camera is pointing at any given time.
Nobody knows where the dangers start.
Nobody knows where the journalist was taken.
Nobody knows where the lab that produces it is located.
Nobody knows where the other signs came from.
Nobody knows where they go.
Nobody knows where they live and it was sad.
Nobody knows where they live and where they operate from.
Nobody knows where they stand.
Nobody knows where they wound up.
Nobody knows where they're going.
Nobody knows where to look for it, so they look in the books they read.
Nobody knows where to put their money.
Nobody knows where.
Nobody knows whether graph coloring is really hard but that is what almost everybody suspects.
Nobody knows whether it is bipartisan.
Nobody knows whether such high levels are safe.
Nobody knows whether that door is fortunate or ominous before opening it.
Nobody knows whether the calf was given the injection and survived, or was simply overlooked.
Nobody knows whether the survivalists are delusional, dangerous, or the smartest people on earth.
Nobody knows whether varicoceles cause infertility in men.
Nobody knows which was the original name.
Nobody knows who anybody really is because everybody's disguised in some way.
Nobody knows who anyone is.
Nobody knows who built the first computer.
Nobody knows who built the lunar lander.
Nobody knows who did the tampering, or why.
Nobody knows who discovered it first but they both found it at about the same time.
Nobody knows who fired the first shot.
Nobody knows who fired.
Nobody knows who is going to be here next year.
Nobody knows who is in charge.
Nobody knows who it was, or where.
Nobody knows who made it.
Nobody knows who really .
Nobody knows who that character is.
Nobody knows who the man is.
Nobody knows who the people in the picture are.
Nobody knows who the target is, only that a target has been chosen.
Nobody knows who the vice president is.
Nobody knows who they are and apparently no one really cares.
Nobody knows who they are or what they want.
Nobody knows who they are.
Nobody knows who they really are as a person until they go at least a week without any sleep.
Nobody knows who they see or what strings they pull for themselves and their clients.
Nobody knows who won it.
Nobody knows who won or what happened.
Nobody knows who won.
Nobody knows who wrote 'em.
Nobody knows who wrote the tie rule, or why.
Nobody knows who's going to make it.
Nobody knows who's going where yet.
Nobody knows who's got responsibility.
Nobody knows whose dog.
Nobody knows whose is.
Nobody knows whose it is.
Nobody knows why acrocyanosis develops.
Nobody knows why and nobody seems to care.
Nobody knows why and there seems to be no speculation either.
Nobody knows why and who started the clashes, but the good thing is the situation is very calm now.
Nobody knows why Berlin was chosen.
Nobody knows why chewing stimulates the mind.
Nobody knows why extra sugar is so toxic.
Nobody knows why fibroids develop.
Nobody knows why firefighters are firefighters.
Nobody knows why homing pigeons really home, but they can be taught to do so.
Nobody knows why it happened.
Nobody knows why it was built so large.
Nobody knows why morning sickness occurs.
Nobody knows why or how to tell in advance.
Nobody knows why or whither.
Nobody knows why the boat actually sunk.
Nobody knows why the corals all spawn together.
Nobody knows why the fire went out, but it did.
Nobody knows why the laundry on the bedroom chair smells like root beer .
Nobody knows why the laundry on the bedroom chair smells like root beer.
Nobody knows why there are three generations of matter particles.
Nobody knows why they accumulate in the disease.
Nobody knows why they are so delicately decorated.
Nobody knows why they called Fries plants Fries plants.
Nobody knows why they do it.
Nobody knows why they've come.
Nobody knows why yet.
Nobody knows why, but it s a fact.
Nobody knows why, but some people think they re mourning the dead.
Nobody knows why, but the atmosphere is great.
Nobody knows why, but the higher the levels of prostaglandin, the greater the risk.
Nobody knows why, but the only theories which work are the mathematical ones.
Nobody knows why, but the pants fit everyone perfectly.
Nobody knows why, but there are a lot of theories.
Nobody knows why, but there are plenty of competing explanations.
Nobody knows why, but they assume that it represents the triumph of good over evil.
Nobody knows why, but they develop highly selective epoxide hydrolases.
Nobody knows why, but unfortunately it never has been.
Nobody knows why, just as nobody knows what BSAM really is.
Nobody knows why, nor why they sometimes occur also at the tips of the tail feathers.
Nobody knows why, Or how it feels, to starve.
Nobody knows why, or who did it.
Nobody knows why, They mourn and they cry.
Nobody knows why, though theories abound.
Nobody knows why, though.
Nobody knows why.
Nobody knows with certainty what shapes a personality.
Nobody knows yet what that is.
Nobody knows yet what two horses to breed to get a certain champion.
Nobody knows yet, but the signs are menacing.
Nobody knows yet, but there is a tremendous growth in the use of cyber shopping.
Nobody knows yet, for little is known about hot and humid museums.
Nobody knows yet, what the patient population was, so that's a very active question.
Nobody knows yet.
Nobody knows, actually.
Nobody knows, and it's none of our business.
Nobody knows, and nobody cares.
Nobody knows, and nobody s likely to fess up anytime soon.
Nobody knows, and nobody's even talking about it much.
Nobody knows, and that is quantum physics.
Nobody knows, and that is the point.
Nobody knows, and that needs to be investigated.
Nobody knows, and that says a lot.
Nobody knows, and the question is irrelevant to the morality of keeping war loot.
Nobody knows, and what is strange, nobody seems to care.
Nobody knows, at least nobody wants to tell.
Nobody knows, because nobody told.
Nobody knows, besides, the best type of mind to possess.
Nobody knows, but be wary of any proposed government solution.
Nobody knows, but here are some predictions.
Nobody knows, but it seems that at least one mysterious monster has been explained.
Nobody knows, but it's going to take a long time.
Nobody knows, but most mathematicians seem to think that it is true.
Nobody knows, but nobody was willing to take the risk.
Nobody knows, but probably a lot.
Nobody knows, but scientists have traditionally divided into two camps on the issue.
Nobody knows, but some guesses can be made.
Nobody knows, but stay tuned.
Nobody knows, but that never stopped Hollywood from guessing.
Nobody knows, but the answer is likely yes.
Nobody knows, but there are many theories.
Nobody knows, but they think there is a huge massive something in the center.
Nobody knows, but underneath the red robe is a white robe.
Nobody knows, but when they find it, it's going to be a blast.
Nobody knows, despite the unlocking of some of the secrets of Antarctic ice.
Nobody knows, even in the case of the known fields of physics.
Nobody knows, exactly.
Nobody knows, for certain.
Nobody knows, for example, why orientals have epicanthic eye folds or flatter facial profiles.
Nobody knows, for sure, just yet.
Nobody knows, for sure.
Nobody knows, however, how many of the physicians then ordered the drug.
Nobody knows, nobody cares.
Nobody knows, Nobody knows, At least nobody's said.
Nobody knows, nobody knows.
Nobody knows, nor really cares.
Nobody knows, now, how it originated.
Nobody knows, of course.
Nobody knows, or at least nobody who really knows is going to be talking.
Nobody knows, particle man.
Nobody knows, really, since research firms are playing the same catch-up game as everyone else.
Nobody knows, really.
Nobody knows, so the contagion spreads.
Nobody knows, the whole structure collapses in utter ignorance.
Nobody knows, though.
Nobody knows, Where they are going, Forever.
Nobody knows. . .
Nobody lands their tricks every time.
Nobody laugh some stick a glasses but chance eat over whatever atlanta hawks apparel.
Nobody laugh some stick a glasses but chance eat over whatever autographed photographs.
Nobody laugh some stick a glasses but chance eat over whatever baltimore ravens hat.
Nobody laugh some stick a glasses but chance eat over whatever boston college memorabilia.
Nobody laugh some stick a glasses but chance eat over whatever louisville slugger softball bats.
Nobody laugh some stick a glasses but chance eat over whatever san diego chargers watch.
Nobody laugh some stick a glasses but chance eat over whatever tpx baseball equipment.
Nobody laughs and nobody cries.
Nobody laughs anymore.
Nobody laughs at our church.
Nobody laughs at people who are blind or deaf.
Nobody laughs at the sight of their own blood.
Nobody laughs harder or fights harder than sisters.
Nobody laughs outrageously loud and makes a scene and falls over in Nashville.
Nobody lays down.
Nobody lead our believe a manager otherwise job reading near one honda dealers.
Nobody learns anything from a guy that's looking for an exit before the first round.
Nobody learns anything that way.
Nobody learns everything by birth.
Nobody learns from a one-round knockout.
Nobody learns from history anyhow.
Nobody learns in a vaccum.
Nobody learns in the classroom.
Nobody learns just by reading some hypertext or by filling out forms.
Nobody learns theology in a movie theater.
Nobody learns to write poetry in school.
Nobody learns well or teaches well when scared or intimidated.
Nobody leaves a rent-controlled apartment.
Nobody leaves anybody or the body with somebody.
Nobody leaves here hungry.
Nobody leaves hungry.
Nobody leaves the group unless they die.
Nobody leaves the house.
Nobody leaves the jetty.
Nobody leaves the service without some form of healing.
Nobody leaves their cave.
Nobody leaves their dog tied up for that long.
Nobody leaves until the end either.
Nobody leaves until their novel is published.
Nobody leaves untouched by the serenity.
Nobody leaves, and nobody enters.
Nobody let they hide some market while task yield out an mens sweater vests.
Nobody let up on the religious community.
Nobody let up.
Nobody lets their kids play outside at night anymore.
Nobody lie others struck that carpet and mile rode with all umbro soccer shorts.
Nobody lifts the phone when it rings.
Nobody lights a lamp and then covers it with a basin or puts it under a bed.
Nobody like to budget, but it's a fact of married life.
Nobody likes a bad sport.
Nobody likes a bad time.
Nobody likes a basement fire.
Nobody likes a blue day.
Nobody likes a bookworm.
Nobody likes a braggart.
Nobody likes a broken record.
Nobody likes a bug.
Nobody likes a bugaboo while they're wrapped up in the plot.
Nobody likes a bully, and only disreputable people accept an ignorant person's word as truth.
Nobody likes a bum who waits for the girls to do everything so, go and conquer, ole boy.
Nobody likes a butt kisser.
Nobody likes a coach who is waving the runner home with one hand and back to third with the other.
Nobody likes a complainer.
Nobody likes a crisis.
Nobody likes a crybaby, and everyone envies a player who can shake it off and soldier on.
Nobody likes a cynical, skeptical naysayer.
Nobody likes a dirty house.
Nobody likes a dirty weasel.
Nobody likes a dog that runs around the neighborhood making messes in other people's yards.
Nobody likes a drunk.
Nobody likes a dull magician.
Nobody likes a fake.
Nobody likes a fibber, and even fewer like computer viruses.
Nobody likes a frenzy.
Nobody likes a fussbudget.
Nobody likes a grouch, sour puss, or someone who is moody.
Nobody likes a grump, even when it s deserved.
Nobody likes a hag or a nag or a weed.
Nobody likes a huge pile of dirty dishes.
Nobody likes a jerk.
Nobody likes a kiss-ass .
Nobody likes a know it all.
Nobody likes a library without a good card catalog.
Nobody likes a litterbug.
Nobody likes a lopsided testicle in their fruit salad.
Nobody likes a loser in the travel industry.
Nobody likes a loser.
Nobody likes a math geek, Scully.
Nobody likes a math geek.
Nobody likes a nag.
Nobody likes a party-pooper.
Nobody likes a person that claims they did it all themselves.
Nobody likes a pessimist.
Nobody likes a phony, and nobody likes a sell-out.
Nobody likes a phony.
Nobody likes a poseur.
Nobody likes a powder hog especially when precious time and dollars are being spent by all.
Nobody likes a quitter.
Nobody likes a red light runner.
Nobody likes a self-absorbed narcissist, and even fewer less people want to work with one.
Nobody likes a show-off .
Nobody likes a show-off.
Nobody likes a shriveled up, dehydrated triathlete.
Nobody likes a site that is difficult to explore.
Nobody likes a smart arse.
Nobody likes a smart ass.
Nobody likes a smart-ass woman.
Nobody likes a smartass.
Nobody likes a smarty-pants.
Nobody likes a snoop.
Nobody likes a sore loser.
Nobody likes a sorehead.
Nobody likes a spoiled kid.
Nobody likes a spoiler.
Nobody likes a spoilsport.
Nobody likes a stale site.
Nobody likes a strong discipline in their life.
Nobody likes a stupid battery.
Nobody likes a stupid computer.
Nobody likes a tattletale.
Nobody likes a telemarketing call.
Nobody likes a trade off of another health problem just to solve the one they have.
Nobody likes a whiner anyway.
Nobody likes a whiner.
Nobody likes a wimpy dad.
Nobody likes a winner is the theory.
Nobody likes a winner.
Nobody likes a wise guy.
Nobody likes a wise-ass.
Nobody likes a wiseguy.
Nobody likes ads.
Nobody likes agreement all the time.
Nobody likes all the rules.
Nobody likes an airport.
Nobody likes an asshole.
Nobody likes an unpleasant surprise.
Nobody likes an uptight speaker.
Nobody likes anybody who does a good job because they want to take the credit.
Nobody likes arrest quotas because they tempt some law-enforcers to trump up charges.
Nobody likes Atlanta.
Nobody likes audits much, because everything comes to light.
Nobody likes bad news.
Nobody likes balljoints, anyway.
Nobody likes being a victim of crime.
Nobody likes being an object of consumption.
Nobody likes being analyzed and evaluated.
Nobody likes being blamed.
Nobody likes being labeled an extremist on the right or the left.
Nobody likes being marooned on a lame website.
Nobody likes being ordered out of a car.
Nobody likes being played.
Nobody likes being shocked.
Nobody likes being shown up by the power of a good example, least of all the state.
Nobody likes being slagged off in the papers.
Nobody likes being told what to do.
Nobody likes being yelled at.
Nobody likes big government bureaucracies.
Nobody likes big-government bureaucracies.
Nobody likes bitchy men, unless they are nice bitchy men.
Nobody likes biting into an apple and getting a mouthful of mush.
Nobody likes bureaucracy.
Nobody likes cat hair in their food.
Nobody likes change and religious institutions are no exception.
Nobody likes change.
Nobody likes changes, but sometimes it's necessary.
Nobody likes cheap and sleazy stuff.
Nobody likes cheaters.
Nobody likes classical music.
Nobody likes closing bases.
Nobody likes clumsy theorems like the former.
Nobody likes cockroaches, but cockroaches are a common problem.
Nobody likes cold canvassing.
Nobody likes condoms.
Nobody likes contemplating death.
Nobody likes criticism.
Nobody likes dead links.
Nobody likes deadbeats.
Nobody likes dealing with an angry person.
Nobody likes desperate, clingy, terminally depressed people, herpes or no-herpes.
Nobody likes disasters.
Nobody likes discount selling because it changes customer expectations, they expect a lower price.
Nobody likes disruptions, troubles, tragedies, calamities, wars.
Nobody likes doing laundry in the basement.
Nobody likes driving after carving the whole day through.
Nobody likes efficiency.
Nobody likes em much.
Nobody likes every kind of music.
Nobody likes everything in it, but on the whole it's a solid step forward.
Nobody likes exams.
Nobody likes face-eating masks.
Nobody likes feeling helpless.
Nobody likes feeling like a phony.
Nobody likes feeling like the train's departed and they're just arriving at the station.
Nobody likes feeling, that they're being screwed.
Nobody likes form letters.
Nobody likes frameworks.
Nobody likes freaks and losers.
Nobody likes frostbite.
Nobody likes getting a shot.
Nobody likes getting a speeding ticket.
Nobody likes getting a ticket.
Nobody likes getting cut off at the knees or paid less than other folks for doing the same job.
Nobody likes getting poked with needles.
Nobody likes getting their jokes back.
Nobody likes getting turned down for a loan.
Nobody likes going to the dentist.
Nobody likes government bureaucrats.
Nobody likes government waste.
Nobody likes hanging out their dirty stained linens for the whole world to see.
Nobody likes hauling heavy equipment to an important presentation.
Nobody likes having points of view imposed, whether it's about religion or any other topic.
Nobody likes having to take time out from getting the job done to mess around with security.
Nobody likes high gas prices.
Nobody likes hunger and homelessness.
Nobody likes infomercials.
Nobody likes interviews.
Nobody likes it clogged up by morons.
Nobody likes it when a stranger comes over and pukes on the floor.
Nobody likes it when gas prices are high.
Nobody likes it when prices are artificially controlled.
Nobody likes it, but they can live with it.
Nobody likes it, of course.
Nobody likes it.
Nobody likes junk mail.
Nobody likes kung fu films anymore.
Nobody likes LA, even people who live there.
Nobody likes lawyers.
Nobody likes long e-mail messages.
Nobody likes looking foolish.
Nobody likes loosing money.
Nobody likes losing, and losing a conference game is big.
Nobody likes losing.
Nobody likes madness.
Nobody likes math at our house anymore.
Nobody likes modems because they are a pain to install.
Nobody likes mosquitoes except people who sell mosquito repellent.
Nobody likes mushy lamb.
Nobody likes name calling.
Nobody likes nasty.
Nobody likes needles - especially kids.
Nobody likes needles.
Nobody likes negative criticism.
Nobody likes new or higher taxes.
Nobody likes nobody.
Nobody likes old snow.
Nobody likes pain or suffering.
Nobody likes paint on their back.
Nobody likes paperwork, but sometimes it's just unavoidable.
Nobody likes parents who refuse to support their children.
Nobody likes paying legal fees, especially the other side's if the case is lost.
Nobody likes paying more taxes.
Nobody likes paying taxes.
Nobody likes paying tuition bills.
Nobody likes people like that, no matter how much fun they are at parties.
Nobody likes people who spend all day everyday, fuming, fussing and fighting.
Nobody likes pizza cheese that runs, blisters, burns or turns to greasy oil when the oven gets hot.
Nobody likes plagerism.
Nobody likes playing logistics wargames.
Nobody likes post-holiday letdowns, and they can be especially traumatic for a child.
Nobody likes prison.
Nobody likes prophets.
Nobody likes pushing paper.
Nobody likes regulations, including the land management agencies.
Nobody likes roaches, but roaches are a common problem.
Nobody likes rude kids.
Nobody likes rules and regulations.
Nobody likes sales tax, of course, but everyone has to pay it.
Nobody likes screaming.
Nobody likes scrolling through endless screens of text.
Nobody likes scrolling.
Nobody likes searching through magazines or newspapers for grocery coupons.
Nobody likes sitting through other people's slides.
Nobody likes slow play.
Nobody likes somebody elses' musical tastes forced down their throats.
Nobody likes someone who snores.
Nobody likes someone who sounds sanctimonious.
Nobody likes spam glutting their inbox.
Nobody likes spam.
Nobody likes stereotypes.
Nobody likes sunburn slappers.
Nobody likes surprises, particularly when they involve money.
Nobody likes surprises.
Nobody likes taxes and the car tax is particularly bothersome.
Nobody likes taxes, but there are few things more worthy of tax dollars than libraries.
Nobody likes taxes.
Nobody likes that kind of stuff.
Nobody likes that word.
Nobody likes that, and viewers can tell that the news anchors hate each other anyway.
Nobody likes that.
Nobody likes the backgrounds.
Nobody likes the bad sport, the bully who picks on the other guy.
Nobody likes the cleanup so let's get it over with.
Nobody likes the colour it is now.
Nobody likes the effects that the conditioning has on men.
Nobody likes the ever-increasing price of oil that forces gas stations to raise their prices.
Nobody likes the hassles involved with moving, much less finding rental housing that accepts pets.
Nobody likes the idea of having to go on a cart.
Nobody likes the maverick or the visionary.
Nobody likes the military regime in Myanmar.
Nobody likes the new design.
Nobody likes the out of touch pontiff.
Nobody likes the problems associated with job hunting.
Nobody likes the rules to change in midstream.
Nobody likes the situation with stray voltage in the countryside right now.
Nobody likes the state.
Nobody likes the sting of sunburn.
Nobody likes the stuff.
Nobody likes the sucker punches.
Nobody likes the suggestion that the park coddles the rich while ignoring needs of the poor.
Nobody likes the system yet everybody likes part of it.
Nobody likes the term paraprofessional.
Nobody likes the thought of cancer-causing chemicals circulating throughoutourhouses and apartments.
Nobody likes their ass kissed in public.
Nobody likes their business 'out there.
Nobody likes their lungs to be shockingly overdeflated.
Nobody likes their whiny younger sibling.
Nobody likes things forced down their throat.
Nobody likes to admit defeat when they think it's an unfair result.
Nobody likes to admit that someone else is more important.
Nobody likes to admit they are wrong.
Nobody likes to agree with critics.
Nobody likes to be a fool.
Nobody likes to be a guinea pig.
Nobody likes to be accused or personally attacked.
Nobody likes to be afraid.
Nobody likes to be around a moody mackerel or an abalone with an attitude.
Nobody likes to be around a moody mackerel or an abalonewith an attitude.
Nobody likes to be around a negative person.
Nobody likes to be around a sourpuss.
Nobody likes to be around people who are always grumbling and arguing.
Nobody likes to be arrested, so they do what they can against the cops sometimes.
Nobody likes to be ashamed or be always apologizing for the place where they live.
Nobody likes to be attacked by another.
Nobody likes to be blamed for setting a brush fire that destroys a few hundred acres.
Nobody likes to be bossed around.
Nobody likes to be called a fool.
Nobody likes to be called a rat.
Nobody likes to be called stupid.
Nobody likes to be called weak and pathetic.
Nobody likes to be chained to the wall by somebody else's imagination.
Nobody likes to be conned.
Nobody likes to be criticized.
Nobody likes to be damp and laughed at.
Nobody likes to be deceived.
Nobody likes to be demoted.
Nobody likes to be direct damaged to death.
Nobody likes to be embarrassed on their own court.
Nobody likes to be embarrassed.
Nobody likes to be excluded because of the color of their skin.
Nobody likes to be expendable.
Nobody likes to be exploited.
Nobody likes to be forced to read specific books.
Nobody likes to be harassed in any way, and it's just as illegal on the internet as it is otherwise.
Nobody likes to be humiliated.
Nobody likes to be ignored.
Nobody likes to be in pain.
Nobody likes to be in the dark about anything.
Nobody likes to be in the first pair of cars.
Nobody likes to be in the wrong.
Nobody likes to be interrogated when they apply for a job.
Nobody likes to be labelled.
Nobody likes to be laughed at, and that is exactly what the mayor did.
Nobody likes to be laughed at.
Nobody likes to be left behind but few like the changes that come with keepin up.
Nobody likes to be left behind.
Nobody likes to be left hanging in suspense.
Nobody likes to be lied to.
Nobody likes to be made fun of, period.
Nobody likes to be mandated.
Nobody likes to be manipulated.
Nobody likes to be on the wrong end of prejudice.
Nobody likes to be ordered around.
Nobody likes to be part of a team that moans and groans all the time.
Nobody likes to be pressured.
Nobody likes to be put on hold.
Nobody likes to be referred to as Tubby.
Nobody likes to be rejected especially the Queen.
Nobody likes to be reminded of the shortness of life.
Nobody likes to be rushed or stressed out when they are taking a test.
Nobody likes to be rushed.
Nobody likes to be sad.
Nobody likes to be scolded or talked down to.
Nobody likes to be shown the door by the boss.
Nobody likes to be sick, and sometimes people lose patience with the slow pace of medicine.
Nobody likes to be sick.
Nobody likes to be singled out as being different growing up.
Nobody likes to be slandered and maligned by others.
Nobody likes to be slandered.
Nobody likes to be swindled, still less where considerable sums of money are involved.
Nobody likes to be tail-gated either.
Nobody likes to be tailgated.
Nobody likes to be taken advantage of.
Nobody likes to be taken for granted.
Nobody likes to be talked to, but nobody can resist the eloquence of unconscious preaching.
Nobody likes to be telefragged, and that goes double when it's unnecessary.
Nobody likes to be the bearer of bad news.
Nobody likes to be the butt of ridicule.
Nobody likes to be told that the guys down the street are better.
Nobody likes to be told they are irrelevant.
Nobody likes to be told what to do, especially in New Hampshire.
Nobody likes to be told what to do.
Nobody likes to be treated like a number or nickeled and dimed.
Nobody likes to be used and lied to for the benefit of others.
Nobody likes to be wrong.
Nobody likes to be wronged.
Nobody likes to beg.
Nobody likes to buy condoms.
Nobody likes to change jobs all the time and a die is no different.
Nobody likes to clean the toilets.
Nobody likes to clean their bikes.
Nobody likes to come out and watch the other guys play.
Nobody likes to cut programs and nobody likes to increase taxes.
Nobody likes to deliver bad news.
Nobody likes to die.
Nobody likes to diet, especially fat cats curled up in safeguarded monopolies.
Nobody likes to diet.
Nobody likes to do a lot of work and find it was duplicated effort.
Nobody likes to do either one.
Nobody likes to do that.
Nobody likes to eat there bread without butter so when buttering never butter it in the air.
Nobody likes to end up in litigation, especially a nonprofit institution.
Nobody likes to face the results of pollution.
Nobody likes to feel as if they're being bossed around.
Nobody likes to feel embarrassed.
Nobody likes to feel foreign.
Nobody likes to feel guilt-tripped.
Nobody likes to feel guilty.
Nobody likes to feel inadequate or intimidated.
Nobody likes to feel stupid.
Nobody likes to feel unappreciated.
Nobody likes to fight on a full stomach, so the bees, bloated, are calmer and easier to handle.
Nobody likes to finish second.
Nobody likes to fish in ankle deep clear water.
Nobody likes to fulfill an extra work so the responsibility of the data saving moves to a user.
Nobody likes to get booed, but it's just part of the job.
Nobody likes to get called names.
Nobody likes to get lost.
Nobody likes to get needles, but sometimes it's well worth a little discomfort.
Nobody likes to get out of a car, especially one that they know can win the race.
Nobody likes to get sick from food.
Nobody likes to get yelled at.
Nobody likes to give that kind of power away.
Nobody likes to give up power.
Nobody likes to go home to a number or an address.
Nobody likes to have a show interrupted by a squawking radio.
Nobody likes to have change.
Nobody likes to have the cage rattled.
Nobody likes to have the same thing to eat every single day.
Nobody likes to have their address changed so frequently.
Nobody likes to have their hard work ignored or downplayed.
Nobody likes to have their work examined.
Nobody likes to have to negotiate sex, and nobody likes to have to use condoms.
Nobody likes to hear about evil and injustice, especially when times are good.
Nobody likes to hear that their death was dumb.
Nobody likes to hear that, but it has to be done soon.
Nobody likes to hear that.
Nobody likes to hear the truth.
Nobody likes to hear they are going to have to face failure in life.
Nobody likes to hex a pass to home.
Nobody likes to hire strangers.
Nobody likes to initiate judicial proceedings.
Nobody likes to just buy a single item when there's unlimited cash.
Nobody likes to just throw out whatever they already have, if there can be ways to use it.
Nobody likes to kill animals, but it is a reality that mature people have to accept.
Nobody likes to know that their idols sometimes have flaws.
Nobody likes to lay off workers, least of all small companies.
Nobody likes to leave a message with a secretary, and secretary s don t like taking messages.
Nobody likes to listen to boasting, and self-righteous, religious boasting is the worst of all.
Nobody likes to live in financial mediocrity.
Nobody likes to look foolish.
Nobody likes to look inside and see their own pathology mirrored by the patient s psychosis.
Nobody likes to lose an election.
Nobody likes to lose but in a game like rugby there are too many variables.
Nobody likes to lose but it is part of the game.
Nobody likes to lose calves.
Nobody likes to lose money.
Nobody likes to lose or come in second.
Nobody likes to lose to a team three times in a row.
Nobody likes to lose, that is for sure.
Nobody likes to lose.
Nobody likes to make concessions during an election campaign.
Nobody likes to make mistakes knowingly.
Nobody likes to make mistakes.
Nobody likes to miss games.
Nobody likes to pack the evening before.
Nobody likes to pay attention in class, or take notes or study.
Nobody likes to pay for a strategy guide.
Nobody likes to pay hundreds of millions of dollars, and nobody likes to wait five years.
Nobody likes to pay more for gas and it keeps going up.
Nobody likes to pay more for gas, and it keeps going up.
Nobody likes to pay taxes so it is often a sad day.
Nobody likes to pay taxes, but they want to get value for their money.
Nobody likes to pay taxes.
Nobody likes to pay their taxes.
Nobody likes to pay unless they have to.
Nobody likes to play right field.
Nobody likes to play second fiddle.
Nobody likes to practice, but it's never a burden to practice for a national championship.
Nobody likes to put themselves on report.
Nobody likes to raise taxes.
Nobody likes to read about somebody else's early life except their mom.
Nobody likes to read alot.
Nobody likes to read an excessively long e-mail message.
Nobody likes to read long resumes.
Nobody likes to read manuals.
Nobody likes to read pages and pages of text.
Nobody likes to read that kind of stuff.
Nobody likes to read the same messages over and over again.
Nobody likes to read through fog.
Nobody likes to read unnecessary rambling.
Nobody likes to receive postage due mail.
Nobody likes to rock the boat.
Nobody likes to scroll.
Nobody likes to search a tape for the song they want to hear.
Nobody likes to see a friend suddenly go away.
Nobody likes to see a play made with the aid of gloves.
Nobody likes to see a sloppily dressed person.
Nobody likes to see a wildlife species end up on the Endangered Species List.
Nobody likes to see anyone lose their job.
Nobody likes to see baby birds harmed.
Nobody likes to see change in Washington, particularly when there are so many jobs at stake.
Nobody likes to see chinks in the armor.
Nobody likes to see dead kids, period.
Nobody likes to see death and it is just an awful waste, dreadful waste.
Nobody likes to see death and it is just an awful waste.
Nobody likes to see flies buzzing about, expecially customers and health inspectors.
Nobody likes to see or hear guns being used.
Nobody likes to see someone too much.
Nobody likes to see tanks riding down main street of their town.
Nobody likes to see the civilian casualties in any conflict.
Nobody likes to see the gun fired.
Nobody likes to see their country torn apart.
Nobody likes to see trees come down.
Nobody likes to see uncontrolled fits of anger.
Nobody likes to sit down.
Nobody likes to slip and skate around on greasy, slippery floors.
Nobody likes to sort through old, expired links.
Nobody likes to spend their hard earned cash, even when it is for a worthwhile item.
Nobody likes to spend time at the rental counter when they've got places to be.
Nobody likes to spend time in meetings.
Nobody likes to stand in a circle and just watch one person showboat and then drop the ball.
Nobody likes to stare a long document in the face.
Nobody likes to stare at a non-moving object.
Nobody likes to start trouble where they can be seen.
Nobody likes to stubb their toe.
Nobody likes to suffer from injustice, yet they do it to others.
Nobody likes to suffer.
Nobody likes to support a secondrate institution or invest time or money in a shabby cause.
Nobody likes to take players on, so go at players.
Nobody likes to take the blame, but everyone likes to point the finger.
Nobody likes to talk about bed-wetting.
Nobody likes to talk about death and dying.
Nobody likes to talk about dying.
Nobody likes to talk about hell today.
Nobody likes to talk about the death of a family member.
Nobody likes to talk about their mistakes, especially when it appears that everyone is getting rich.
Nobody likes to talk to a sleeping puppet.
Nobody likes to think about being robbed by an employee, but it can happen.
Nobody likes to think about buying life insurance.
Nobody likes to think about death and funerals.
Nobody likes to think about depressions when the going is good.
Nobody likes to think about getting sick or injured.
Nobody likes to think about giving up their pet but, it does happen in certain circumstances.
Nobody likes to think about going to that big cattle ranch in the sky.
Nobody likes to think about hell.
Nobody likes to think about insurance.
Nobody likes to think about it, but lets face it, things do happen.
Nobody likes to think about it.
Nobody likes to think about tax audits, but they are a fact of life for many business owners.
Nobody likes to think of their child taking risks by having sex outdoors or in the back of a car.
Nobody likes to think they voted for a loser.
Nobody likes to train with someone who is dirty.
Nobody likes to try and read something with no grammar or punctuation.
Nobody likes to type in email messages.
Nobody likes to type the same thing over and over.
Nobody likes to visit a bank.
Nobody likes to visit a site with old stuff.
Nobody likes to wait for a huge image to load.
Nobody likes to wait for their PCs to load applications.
Nobody likes to wait for web pages to load.
Nobody likes to wait in line.
Nobody likes to wait in lines.
Nobody likes to wait.
Nobody Likes to Wait.
Nobody likes to walk a bald dog through the neighborhood.
Nobody likes to waste time debugging a combo already known to be problematic.
Nobody likes to watch a carcass just sink into the ground inexplicably.
Nobody likes to wear condoms.
Nobody likes to win with such a score around here.
Nobody likes to work for a dictator.
Nobody likes to work for downtrodden, miserable folks.
Nobody likes to work hard.
Nobody likes to work in a harsh environment that is full of infighting.
Nobody likes to work together.
Nobody likes to work with a slacker.
Nobody likes to work.
Nobody likes too many questions.
Nobody likes treading water forever.
Nobody likes ugly web sites.
Nobody likes unpleasant suprises.
Nobody likes used yeast.
Nobody likes visiting a ghost town.
Nobody likes waiting decades for graphics to stream through a slow modem.
Nobody likes waiting for long video and audio files to download before they play.
Nobody likes waiting in line.
Nobody likes waking up to disco music.
Nobody likes war.
Nobody likes what is going on.
Nobody likes whiners.
Nobody likes wise guys.
Nobody likes wishy-washy stalkers.
Nobody likes working on something for a year for free.
Nobody likes X-rays.
Nobody likes youth crime.
Nobody link learn to play out some event that anybody climb whose astonish out sink.
Nobody listen to number two.
Nobody Listened is, above all, testimony and denunciation.
Nobody listens - and then everybody disagrees.
Nobody listens and then everybody disagrees.
Nobody listens anymore.
Nobody listens or cares.
Nobody listens to a fucking veteran anymore.
Nobody listens to punk kids.
Nobody listens to the Arbour commission.
Nobody listens to the majority anymore, only the minority groups.
Nobody listens to women anyway.
Nobody listens, of course.
Nobody lists it anywhere.
Nobody Lives Forever .
Nobody lives forever.
Nobody lives happily ever after.
Nobody lives here anymore.
Nobody lives here full time now.
Nobody lives here now.
Nobody lives here.
Nobody lives in a vacuum.
Nobody lives in an insulated Jewish world.
Nobody lives in bliss.
Nobody lives in complete independence of others.
Nobody lives in somebody else's back yard.
Nobody lives in that world but some believe it is the nature of reality.
Nobody lives in the building now.
Nobody lives in the house because it is to uncomfortable.
Nobody lives inside.
Nobody lives long enough to ever really understand two different centuries.
Nobody lives long enough.
Nobody lives longer than five years.
Nobody lives now.
Nobody lives off campus except a very small number of seniors.
Nobody lives on the island and a gate blocks access to the footbridge.
Nobody lives or dies unto themselves.
Nobody lives that way today.
Nobody lives there anymore.
Nobody lives there now but the flying horse.
Nobody lives there now.
Nobody lives there, and tourism has switched off.
Nobody lives there, workers commute via train from their resident icity.
Nobody lives there.
Nobody lives to tell of the unimaginable carnage.
Nobody lives up here.
Nobody living a normal life in an industrialized country today is hard to find.
Nobody locks a house or a car door.
Nobody locks 'em up the way the U.S. does.
Nobody locks their bicycles.
Nobody locks their doors in downtown Cleveland.
Nobody logs out, nobody changes.
Nobody look after the two children.
Nobody looks a lot fatter, and nobody's talking.
Nobody looks around at other people around on the subway.
Nobody looks at a lantern without light.
Nobody looks at it that way anymore.
Nobody looks at the ads.
Nobody looks at the denomination of a bill when paying for a taxi.
Nobody looks at the excessive food and thinks how far they are from starving.
Nobody looks down on anybody else.
Nobody looks for male nip slips, because shirtless pics are readily available.
Nobody looks forward to doing their taxes.
Nobody looks forward to waiting in line or waiting for a movie to download, it pisses people off.
Nobody looks good.
Nobody looks great.
Nobody looks like the doggie, either.
Nobody looks like they really care, and nothing about the movie seems real.
Nobody looks stupid if they ask the right questions to make more informed decisions.
Nobody looks to Japan to do it.
Nobody looks to the future to figure out what's going to happen to their investment.
Nobody looks too happy.
Nobody looks torn and tormented.
Nobody looks twice.
Nobody looks up.
Nobody looses face, nobody is to blame.
Nobody loses a game up here with that kind of officiating.
Nobody loses a job because of it.
Nobody loses a thumb, but several characters do end up moving back in with their parents.
Nobody loses heart when things are going well, only when they seem to be going badly.
Nobody loses out by performing the mitzvah of tzedokoh.
Nobody loses sleep over it.
Nobody loses the draft.
Nobody loses their small farms or businesses.
Nobody loses, everyone wins.
Nobody loves a genius child.
Nobody loves a grouch.
Nobody loves a logger.
Nobody loves a loser.
Nobody loves a mystery like a library lover.
Nobody loves a parade.
Nobody loves a wet dog.
Nobody loves a wimp.
Nobody loves anyone anymore.
Nobody loves baseball more than our owner.
Nobody loves everybody in the same manner.
Nobody loves it anymore.
Nobody loves life like an old man.
Nobody loves the baseball game.
Nobody loves the hats.
Nobody maintains it and it's just awful.
Nobody makes a better garment bag at any price.
Nobody makes a big deal of simple natural things.
Nobody makes a big fuss about it.
Nobody makes a decision in a vacuum.
Nobody makes a decision to be saved.
Nobody makes a frame with more drop than that.
Nobody makes a fuss.
Nobody makes a kevlar glove for the motorcycle industry.
Nobody makes a lot of money selling boxes.
Nobody makes a lot of money writing children's books.
Nobody makes a monumental sculpture in one step.
Nobody makes a penny off of anything listed here.
Nobody makes a stronger impact on parents than their children.
Nobody makes all their own parts.
Nobody makes an intimate friend of a snake.
Nobody makes any money breeding dogs responsibly.
Nobody makes any money doing a fanzine.
Nobody makes any money.
Nobody makes any such claims for an emu.
Nobody makes armor for warriors two and a half feet tall.
Nobody makes better cues.
Nobody makes central decisions about price in the market.
Nobody makes coffee like Seattle coffeehouses do.
Nobody makes conscious decisions around here.
Nobody makes dessert.
Nobody makes fun of anybody, nobody calls anybody else names, there's no sexual teasing.
Nobody makes fun of anyone's ideas.
Nobody makes fun of games anymore.
Nobody makes great looking websites that easily.
Nobody makes hitting the three look better.
Nobody makes it by themselves.
Nobody makes it the first time.
Nobody makes it.
Nobody makes more money than the other.
Nobody makes more money when consumers use less product.
Nobody makes much sense.
Nobody makes one leap from the pinnacle of praise to the swamp of carnality.
Nobody makes people spend their money.
Nobody makes poor people play, of course.
Nobody makes rugs or fine cabinetwork, or carves ladles out of whalebone.
Nobody makes that trip in summer-time now.
Nobody manufactures a counterfeit dollar bill and designs it like a baseball card.
Nobody manufactures slide rules anymore.
Nobody marries with the expectation of failure.
Nobody matches our expertise in marketing cull cows.
Nobody matters more in a camper's life - A counsellor is mom, dad, teacher and best friend.
Nobody mean everything open an action so duty examine around one buying wakeboards.
Nobody means more than anybody else.
Nobody measures the same way.
Nobody mentions it later.
Nobody mentions it.
Nobody mentions the budget.
Nobody mentions the design shortcoming and cost error.
Nobody mentions the silence of anything.
Nobody mentions the tremendous stories that make up our heritage from the days before slavery.
Nobody mentions the walks.
Nobody messes with expats, that's our view.
Nobody messes with it.
Nobody messes with 'ol J.R .
Nobody messes with the cook.
Nobody minds being called a futurist if they are getting paid big.
Nobody minds redirection in itself.
Nobody minds the odd broken link.
Nobody minds to work for money - that's the point.
Nobody minds, because everything here is worth it.
Nobody minds, but they are curious and want a demo when the service is over.
Nobody misses a week of school for illness without some paper evidence of medical attention.
Nobody misses anyone like candy.
Nobody misses the notary public.
Nobody Move Please' Air traffic control tapes capture apparent words of attackers.
Nobody moves or appears coherent.
Nobody moves out.
Nobody moves that slowly anymore.
Nobody moves the target or turns out the lights.
Nobody moves to New Jersey.
Nobody moves to shortstop.
Nobody much eats the claws of the crawfish.
Nobody much likes bureaucrats to begin with.
Nobody names a siege, or even a terrorist attack, after the religious persuasion of the perpetrator.
Nobody names names.
Nobody needs a blown head gasket on a hot day, upgrade now.
Nobody needs a boring blowbyblow product feature description.
Nobody needs a box at the opera.
Nobody needs a clone of themselves.
Nobody needs a fair and effective treaty more than the South, but they arent getting it.
Nobody needs a gun.
Nobody needs a near-Earth asteroid behaving erratically.
Nobody needs a new car.
Nobody needs a partner who acts like a parent.
Nobody needs a scout rifle.
Nobody needs additional protection because of what kind of sex they have.
Nobody needs an appointment.
Nobody needs an unserious undertaker.
Nobody needs another widget.
Nobody needs any support or help from someone who is hiding their identity.
Nobody needs anything.
Nobody needs bad karma.
Nobody needs better highways more than the truckers.
Nobody needs cock like an older gal.
Nobody needs colostrum supplements.
Nobody needs extra jerky.
Nobody needs five flavors of vanilla.
Nobody needs it for any purpose whatsoever.
Nobody needs it, and nobody needs to put up with it.
Nobody needs low-paying jobs or name tags.
Nobody needs more problems.
Nobody needs one.
Nobody needs pitching more than Colorado.
Nobody needs prioritization and Jumbo frames on their inkjet print server.
Nobody needs sex.
Nobody needs that aggravation.
Nobody needs that kind of bullshit.
Nobody needs that kind of car, but it's sure nice to have one.
Nobody needs that kind of trouble.
Nobody needs that more than a poor person.
Nobody needs that much character development.
Nobody needs that much room to store deleted files.
Nobody needs that.
Nobody needs the divine champion around any more.
Nobody needs to be a poet to describe Rome.
Nobody needs to be in a gang or sell drugs to be popular, or to have money.
Nobody needs to be in the business of handling paper.
Nobody needs to be left out.
Nobody needs to be out of work.
Nobody needs to be reminded about the problems posed by introduction of the cane toad.
Nobody needs to be reminded how important snow and ice removal is in the winter.
Nobody needs to be right here.
Nobody needs to be scared.
Nobody needs to be taught how-to.
Nobody needs to be taught that.
Nobody needs to be that connected.
Nobody needs to be that rich.
Nobody needs to be told that Washington is a peculiar place.
Nobody needs to call anything.
Nobody needs to call.
Nobody needs to claim anything.
Nobody needs to do that.
Nobody needs to drink in a car.
Nobody needs to eat.
Nobody needs to get hurt.
Nobody needs to give anything up.
Nobody needs to go anywhere else.
Nobody needs to grieve alone.
Nobody needs to hear about it.
Nobody needs to hear that.
Nobody needs to juggle.
Nobody needs to keep up with journalists.
Nobody needs to know how many guns are in a school.
Nobody needs to know when the show is over.
Nobody needs to know.
Nobody needs to knows how to generate electricity to use it.
Nobody needs to learn about sexual assault by being sexually assaulted.
Nobody needs to make themselves sicker.
Nobody needs to move around any more, either to canvass or to vote.
Nobody needs to parrot back information.
Nobody needs to psychoanalyze the relationship between the president and the first lady.
Nobody needs to remind the Arkansas Razorbacks that they rank last nationally in total offense.
Nobody needs to see a stalled car in traffic from a helicopter.
Nobody needs to see that.
Nobody needs to start from scratch.
Nobody needs to strap anybody to an altar.
Nobody needs to suffer a really bad cyber twice.
Nobody needs to suffer from the consequences of hypertension any more.
Nobody needs to take a malaria shot before coming to Dubai.
Nobody needs to tell anyone the future is electronic.
Nobody needs to tell the movie theaters and coffee houses to close, it s a natural response.
Nobody needs to upgrade.
Nobody needs to waste their money in porn shops anymore.
Nobody needs to worry about having the wrong version.
Nobody needs to worry how the other members' are doing.
Nobody needs to, since the barber is a woman.
Nobody needs unfounded guilt.
Nobody needs yer stinkin' time here', it tells the latecomers.
Nobody notices a kid around here.
Nobody notices any blood.
Nobody notices anyway.
Nobody notices older women.
Nobody notices that, either.
Nobody notices that.
Nobody notices the big errors.
Nobody notices the plot has been disturbed.
Nobody notices the point after touchdown attempt until it's missed.
Nobody notices the silver-abdomened fugitive until the afternoon sun betrays it's silky flight path.
Nobody notices what occurs in their neighbourhoods anymore.
Nobody notices when they slip away for their own wacky antics.
Nobody notices when things go right.
Nobody now has the opportunity to visit a lush, pastoral country.
Nobody now needs to be stuck in a dead end job or in unemployment.
Nobody nowadays speaks their language.
Nobody nowadays values marriage anymore.
Nobody objects to a simple gross-out proposition on the big screen.
Nobody objects to saving lives by transplanting animal organs.
Nobody objects to scooter safety.
Nobody objects to the government's interference with the car driver's conduct.
Nobody objects to the use of the phrase 'dark light' in a poem.
Nobody offends, because everybody is defending only.
Nobody offers a complete solution.
Nobody offers any cash.
Nobody offers as many performance SRAM solutions for demanding applications.
Nobody offers as much for the money.
Nobody offers better service and support.
Nobody offers help.
Nobody offers more for less.
Nobody offers more fuel delivery options.
Nobody offers more interracial sex stories about cheating wives and the cuckold hubby.
Nobody offers more measurement and inspection technologies from one source.
Nobody offers more variety for filling a home's openings.
Nobody offers more.
Nobody offers such a package anywhere on the net.
Nobody offers the same insurance plans at a lower cost.
Nobody offers the same life insurance plans at a lower cost.
Nobody offers the same policies at a lower price.
Nobody officially knows what the other partner earns.
Nobody opens a business.
Nobody opens a shop downtown anymore.
Nobody opens the mail either.
Nobody operates better in digital media that digital people.
Nobody opposes it.
Nobody opposes the natures of the sexes as they are naturally.
Nobody orders old men.
Nobody organises conferences and banquets for fun.
Nobody organize everything suggest many roof how chapter remember against one auction.
Nobody organizes or directs it.
Nobody organizes the discussions in the coffee shop.
Nobody ought to kill two snook in a single day.
Nobody outgrows the richness of family reading.
Nobody outworks Woods, whose devotion to practice is almost scary.
Nobody overcomes the material but, then, nobody has to.
Nobody overdoses five times.
Nobody overseas cares much about our tax system.
Nobody owes any public duty to pay more than the law demands.
Nobody owes anybody anything.
Nobody owes anything to anybody.
Nobody owes the elderly anything for being nice enough to live a long time.
Nobody owns a cave any more than anyone owns the sky or the trees or a waterfall.
Nobody owns a job, nobody owns a market, nobody owns a product.
Nobody owns anybody .
Nobody owns 'em.
Nobody owns every strong point that exists on earth.
Nobody owns it yet.
Nobody owns it, but it's the basis of hundreds of new businesses.
Nobody owns it, it's people who have agreed to connect each others networks.
Nobody owns it, so it becomes a very creative platform.
Nobody owns it.
Nobody owns language.
Nobody owns th earth .
Nobody owns that air.
Nobody owns that territory yet.
Nobody owns the air that blows from the United States into Canada.
Nobody owns the air, for example, and nobody controls which way it blows.
Nobody owns the atmosphere, so nobody takes account.
Nobody owns the blues.
Nobody owns the factory for ideas.
Nobody owns the forum.
Nobody owns the Internet, and nobody is in charge of it.
Nobody owns the Internet, just as nobody owns the world's telephone network.
Nobody owns the Internet.
Nobody owns the job.
Nobody owns the land.
Nobody Owns the Sky.
Nobody owns the street and no-one has the power to achieve overall improvement.
Nobody owns the truth.
Nobody owns the web.
Nobody owns the Web.
Nobody owns the word.
Nobody owns their land today anymore than they did then.
Nobody paces the aisles encouraging quick production.
Nobody paints better.
Nobody paints without outlines.
Nobody particularly cares to be called insane.
Nobody particularly likes high density.
Nobody particularly wants that.
Nobody passes joints on a silver tray, though.
Nobody passes judgment in Crime Scenes.
Nobody pays a consultant for lying in bed.
Nobody pays a flop hero.
Nobody pays any attention to anyone else.
Nobody pays any attention to private property up here.
Nobody pays any attention.
Nobody Pays Any Attention.
Nobody pays attention to anyone more tha themselves themselves.
Nobody pays attention to anything.
Nobody pays attention to job titles.
Nobody pays attention to reality.
Nobody pays attention to the powe rless.
Nobody pays attention.
Nobody pays faster.
Nobody pays folks to upload programs.
Nobody pays for it.
Nobody pays for lemons in Southern California.
Nobody pays for that.
Nobody pays full retail any more.
Nobody pays it but the dumb, the distressed, and the divorced.
Nobody pays it.
Nobody pays money for that.
Nobody pays more than they want to pay.
Nobody pays much attention to it until there is an accident, and then it's too late.
Nobody pays much attention to laws here anyway.
Nobody pays much for access.
Nobody pays rate card.
Nobody pays retail anymore.
Nobody pays that much attention.
Nobody pays the slightest attention to the lieutenant-colonel s words.
Nobody pays the water any money.
Nobody pays their fair share.
Nobody pays to be listed here.
Nobody pays to see anything on a website.
Nobody pays to watch high school sports.
Nobody pees on the diva.
Nobody permanently removes all thoughts and continues to live, except in a comatose condition.
Nobody picks it up and plays with it, or comments on it at all.
Nobody picks up immediately, at goes right to the highest level of experience.
Nobody picks up sailing as an older person.
Nobody picks up their dog's poop.
Nobody pitches a no-hitter in the World Series .
Nobody plans a coup of a dictator through fax.
Nobody plans a movie to be the greatest.
Nobody plans a trip to the emergency room.
Nobody plans for an illness or a medical emergency.
Nobody plans for either.
Nobody plans it.
Nobody plans on it.
Nobody plans on needing a kidney transplant.
Nobody plans or allows for anybody to travel any way but by car.
Nobody plans to eat just one.
Nobody plans to fail, they just fail to plan.
Nobody plans to have a heart attack.
Nobody plans to loot anyone.
Nobody plays a game to have a bad time.
Nobody plays a perfect game.
Nobody plays any sports.
Nobody plays as long and hard as players of that caliber without yearning to win the ultimate game.
Nobody plays at the professional level from day one.
Nobody plays drums.
Nobody plays harder and nobody wants to win more than Tampa Bay's leftfielder.
Nobody plays it.
Nobody plays lotto just to win a lower division prize.
Nobody plays that good off the cuff.
Nobody plays the organ in our parish.
Nobody Plays With a Cabbage .
Nobody Plays With a Cabbage.
Nobody plays with more finesse, marrying grace and guts, swing and sagacity, wit and warmth.
Nobody plucks the strings to make music.
Nobody plunders anybody.
Nobody points out the dim figure at astronomy open houses.
Nobody possesses rights without responsibilities to oneself and to others.
Nobody practices free throws by the hundreds.
Nobody practices genetics by offering every test there is to a pregnant woman.
Nobody prefer camping catalogs thru many quarrel though somebody argued everyone bake down sprung.
Nobody prefer camping tent thru many quarrel though somebody argued everyone bake down sprung.
Nobody prefer colorado camping thru many quarrel though somebody argued everyone bake down sprung.
Nobody prepares better and no one can match their timely accounts of the game.
Nobody presses after missed shots.
Nobody pretends it's real life.
Nobody pretends that low-cost drugs are the whole solution.
Nobody pretends that teaching is easy.
Nobody pretends that the issues raised by young people who kill are easy.
Nobody pretends that the present level of resourcing is adequate.
Nobody pretends to fully understand the causes of depression.
Nobody probably knows.
Nobody produces an extended emergency brake line for cherokees.
Nobody professes knowledge of that.
Nobody progresses unless they have really learned.
Nobody promotes the gigs, so nobody ever shows up.
Nobody proposes euro-entry right now, though convergence is getting closer.
Nobody proposes new taxes.
Nobody proposes that.
Nobody proposes to do that today.
Nobody prosecutes people over things like that anymore.
Nobody protects a cluster of tarantula eggs quite like a mama tarantula.
Nobody protects our beautiful oceans like the people here.
Nobody prove everything said any lesson so mate feed through the paintball auction.
Nobody provides a better program for bank sales veterans.
Nobody provides better technical expertise.
Nobody punches a time clock.
Nobody puts a damper on a film festival quite like China.
Nobody puts a foot wrong throughout the entire film.
Nobody puts a great deal of pressure on themselves.
Nobody puts a part number on the grains of rice in a bag.
Nobody puts a slug out there.
Nobody puts baby in a corner.
Nobody puts genuine faith in someone who has no faith in themselves.
Nobody puts money down and just says 'Get on with it' any more.
Nobody puts new wine into old wineskins.
Nobody puts on lipstick for school pickups.
Nobody puts one here, ever.
Nobody puts out a cigarette.
Nobody puts the sales price on a sign.
Nobody puts up a web page with the intent to mislead.
Nobody qualifies for grace.
Nobody questions a defendant's right to an interpreter in a courtroom proceeding.
Nobody questions how anybody else lives.
Nobody questions it when things are going great.
Nobody questions the mobile mantra anymore.
Nobody questions the possibility.
Nobody questions the promotion of a male colleague by a male manger.
Nobody questions the requirement.
Nobody questions the system, or they are out as well.
Nobody questions their conviction.
Nobody questions two guys or two gals camping together.
Nobody quite dares to believe.
Nobody quite gets up one fine morning and decides to go for an insurance cover.
Nobody quite knows the answer.
Nobody quite knows where it is going to end up.
Nobody quite knows why.
Nobody quite knows, but the speculation is flying.
Nobody quite knows.
Nobody quite remembers.
Nobody quits till it's fixed.
Nobody raises a question about their proselytizing.
Nobody raises that with the guys.
Nobody raises their hand.
Nobody rank often the sports medicine under an brain.
Nobody raps like that.
Nobody reaches out to the people beyond that.
Nobody reads a mystery to get to the middle.
Nobody reads a work straight through or at a uniform speed.
Nobody reads an essay.
Nobody reads any more.
Nobody reads anything every day.
Nobody reads comic books for the writing.
Nobody reads disclaimers.
Nobody reads in a visual age . . .
Nobody reads instructions.
Nobody reads it anyway.
Nobody reads it.
Nobody reads or speaks English, translations are rather uncommon.
Nobody reads or understands a long letter with lots of issues.
Nobody reads over summer vacation.
Nobody reads poetry nowadays anyway.
Nobody reads soc.women.
Nobody reads subtitles.
Nobody reads that chapter, which is full of information on the question.
Nobody reads that magazine anyway. . . .
Nobody reads that out of a book in Japan.
Nobody reads that stuff.
Nobody reads the articles, but many readers go straight to the problem section.
Nobody reads the contents pages.
Nobody reads the copy anyway.
Nobody reads the damn things and promotion is based on the weight of ink per annum.
Nobody reads the reports just the conclusions.
Nobody reads the stuff anyway.
Nobody reads, and no new books are available anyway.
Nobody realizes it's going on because no one talks about it.
Nobody realizes that all the great, ancient prophets had the same basic message.
Nobody realizes that some people expend tremendous energy merely to be normal.
Nobody realizes that teenagers today are all dealing with so many problems.
Nobody realizes that.
Nobody realizes they re in danger until it s too late.
Nobody really agrees on what pop is.
Nobody really believes in communism any longer in China.
Nobody really believes it.
Nobody really believes so, but many wonder about the status of the book in the coming years.
Nobody really believes that except parents who have been in the same situation.
Nobody really bothers anybody.
Nobody really bothers because cotoneaster can easily be cloned.
Nobody really breaks free, until the end, which seems very forced.
Nobody really buys that.
Nobody really can do that.
Nobody really can.
Nobody really cares about ergonomics until they have it.
Nobody really cares about sex scandals.
Nobody really cares about the patient anymore.
Nobody really cares anymore.
Nobody really cares as long as the comedy is funny and the tunes are well-sung.
Nobody really cares if the big mail-order CD clubs are scammed.
Nobody really cares or understands what anybody else is doing.
Nobody really cares or understands what anyone else is doing.
Nobody really cares that much how it's pronounced.
Nobody really cares to admit defeat.
Nobody really cares.
Nobody really checks on it.
Nobody really communicates with words anymore.
Nobody really desires to hurt.
Nobody really dies.
Nobody really digs a kid.
Nobody really does.
Nobody really dominates storage as a category.
Nobody really expects prostitution to go away, and it's hard to believe anyone ever did.
Nobody really expects the secular press to get anything right, and they fulfilled our expectations.
Nobody really expects to get an accurate portrayal of history in that class.
Nobody really gets thrills from blood and gore on stage anymore.
Nobody really gives a fuck.
Nobody really goes to the hymnbook, they sing from memory.
Nobody really grows up dreaming of a future as an equipment manager.
Nobody really has a definite answer.
Nobody really has an attention span anymore.
Nobody really has anything new to say.
Nobody really has responsibility for ensuring that preschool programs are in fact available.
Nobody really has the answer to that question until that moment.
Nobody really has the answer.
Nobody really invents anything totally unique.
Nobody really is in art anymore.
Nobody really IS their behavior or their apparent qualities.
Nobody really is.
Nobody really knows ahead of time.
Nobody really knows anything about poor people.
Nobody really knows Apparently, nobody really knows the answer.
Nobody really knows boxing.
Nobody really knows either what another accord among some synesthetics means.
Nobody really knows except for each of the guys in the band.
Nobody really knows for certain.
Nobody really knows for sure what caused the Gulf War syndrome.
Nobody really knows for sure where it came from.
Nobody really knows for sure, but the best guess of the experts is three to five years.
Nobody really knows for sure.
Nobody really knows how a movie's going to do on the first weekend.
Nobody really knows how bad the derivative problem is.
Nobody really knows how big or how small it really is going to end up.
Nobody really knows how big the market is.
Nobody really knows how epinephrine affects a normal heart.
Nobody really knows how long they live, but they're very very long lived.
Nobody really knows how many animals are dying on our roads each year.
Nobody really knows how many because nobody can count that high.
Nobody really knows how many computers and networks actually make up the internet.
Nobody really knows how many days, nights, and weekends passed.
Nobody really knows how many orangutans are left.
Nobody really knows how many salmon ran in the Columbia River before it was dammed.
Nobody really knows how many species are in danger of becoming extinct.
Nobody really knows how many there are.
Nobody really knows how many users there are because there's no central authority over the Internet.
Nobody really knows how many wild tigers there are.
Nobody really knows how many, because nobody can count that high.
Nobody really knows how much of our time children require.
Nobody really knows how much poaching is going on.
Nobody really knows how much water is down there.
Nobody really knows how normally plants grow in the minimal gravity of outer space.
Nobody really knows how or when gymnastics really started.
Nobody really knows how solid it is.
Nobody really knows how that happens.
Nobody really knows how the brain works.
Nobody really knows how they do it.
Nobody really knows how they work, either.
Nobody really knows how they work.
Nobody really knows how to compare the top newsgroups with the top web pages.
Nobody really knows how to do that.
Nobody really knows how to measure a person s mercury level.
Nobody really knows how to measure a person's mercury level.
Nobody really knows how to program parallel computers.
Nobody really knows if it works.
Nobody really knows if the bugs have been fixed properly, yet, though.
Nobody really knows if they're safe.
Nobody really knows it's there.
Nobody really knows just why.
Nobody really knows much about breast cancer.
Nobody really knows much about it.
Nobody really knows now anyway.
Nobody really knows quite how distribution and technology are going to change things.
Nobody really knows right now.
Nobody really knows the absolute risk.
Nobody really knows the advantage of digital compared to conventional mammography.
Nobody really knows the answer.
Nobody really knows the full story, but a number of factors are thought to be to blame.
Nobody really knows the mechanism that couples the ferromagnet to the antiferromagnet.
Nobody really knows the overall effect of e-commerce on the environment.
Nobody really knows the size of the universe.
Nobody really knows the truth about what anything is completely.
Nobody really knows the truth.
Nobody really knows until it happens.
Nobody really knows until they live here.
Nobody really knows what a bureau chief does, but our loss is their gain.
Nobody really knows what a business is worth until they do detailed homework.
Nobody really knows what cats do in private while the owners are out at work or shopping.
Nobody really knows what causes it to grow.
Nobody really knows what 'dark matter' is.
Nobody really knows what end users are doing on the Web site.
Nobody really knows what happened.
Nobody really knows what happens after death.
Nobody really knows what is going on during a battle.
Nobody really knows what it looks like inside a black hole, on the other side of the event horizon.
Nobody really knows what kinds of rules they're working with.
Nobody really knows what life is about.
Nobody really knows what pass interference is.
Nobody really knows what s going in the project and what it s going to cost taxpayers.
Nobody really knows what started it.
Nobody really knows what that means.
Nobody really knows what the court is looking for.
Nobody really knows what the darned thing means.
Nobody really knows what they are.
Nobody really knows what to do.
Nobody really knows what to expect.
Nobody really knows what to think.
Nobody really knows what's going on.
Nobody really knows what's going to happen.
Nobody really knows when it was introduced to Japan.
Nobody really knows when the game was first played, nor where it actually originated from.
Nobody really knows when.
Nobody really knows where it's going and nobody controls it.
Nobody really knows where the infection is occurring.
Nobody really knows where the native peoples of Sarawak come from.
Nobody really knows where they come from or why.
Nobody really knows where today s networks are heading.
Nobody really knows whether driving while using a cellular phones causes more accidents.
Nobody really knows whether self-promotion helps sell books.
Nobody really knows which way developers are going to go, and it's the critical point.
Nobody really knows who designed the flag or made the first version.
Nobody really knows who invented the kite.
Nobody really knows who they are.
Nobody really knows who won until they open the envelope.
Nobody really knows who's going to do good at the next level.
Nobody really knows who's going to win.
Nobody really knows who's producing the most.
Nobody really knows why breast cancer sits around so long waiting before it explodes.
Nobody really knows why carbon nanomaterials are good at storing hydrogen.
Nobody really knows why for sure, except for the barons.
Nobody really knows why it is there.
Nobody really knows why reiki works.
Nobody really knows why sexual reproduction is there.
Nobody really knows why some people are attracted to the same sex.
Nobody really knows why that is.
Nobody really knows why the bombs are being dropped.
Nobody really knows why the symptom of spinal shock occurs.
Nobody really knows why they arise and why they heal.
Nobody really knows why they wanted to move .
Nobody really knows why they wanted to move.
Nobody really knows why.
Nobody really knows yet, experts say.
Nobody really knows, although lots of people have opinions.
Nobody really knows, although their are a lot of different theories around.
Nobody really knows, because no one had ever pressed the issue before.
Nobody really knows, because so far no behavioural research has been done to find out.
Nobody really knows, but a lot of people have pretty strong opinions.
Nobody really knows, but it is certainly well into the hundreds of millions.
Nobody really knows, but one thing is known.
Nobody really knows, but people are finally looking because they have become so valuable.
Nobody really knows, but rumor has it that the ladies walked away the victors.
Nobody really knows, but theories are plentiful.
Nobody really knows, but there are a lot of ideas out there.
Nobody really knows, but to say that it's a tragedy is an understatement.
Nobody really knows, if there is such a thing as an appropriate exchange rate.
Nobody really knows, in fact.
Nobody really knows, who has built the skyglobe.
Nobody really knows.
Nobody really likes asparagus.
Nobody really likes change.
Nobody really likes to make predictions.
Nobody really likes toads anyway.
Nobody really likes war.
Nobody really lives here.
Nobody really lives in Las Vegas.
Nobody really looks at it, but a lot is passed down.
Nobody really looks at the lapsed voter market.
Nobody really loses here.
Nobody really loses in the junior angler tournament.
Nobody really loves nowadays.
Nobody really minds.
Nobody really mourns the death of wrinkled, old women.
Nobody really needs it anymore.
Nobody really needs to go large, but it's so easy.
Nobody really notices mail services when it works well.
Nobody really overcomes any preconceived notions of their acting skills or their characterizations.
Nobody really owns it.
Nobody really owns or controls the Internet.
Nobody really owns their own equipment as far as audio gear.
Nobody really owns their own gear except instruments and amplifiers.
Nobody really pays any attention to it.
Nobody really pays attention to it.
Nobody really pays attention to the automatic impasse dates.
Nobody really pays attention to the limit.
Nobody really picks it up.
Nobody really relaxes.
Nobody really says much about it.
Nobody really seems to be sure and the inhabitants sometimes call it Bay Town.
Nobody really settles here.
Nobody really sits down and works out what the true cost is.
Nobody really takes scary movies seriously anymore.
Nobody really talks about it anymore, though.
Nobody really talks about it, but let's face it - big problem.
Nobody really talks.
Nobody really thinks about that person too much.
Nobody really thinks in such terms, yet the statement is completely true. . . .
Nobody really thinks it has a vital interest.
Nobody really thinks that they can get a job in that industry.
Nobody really thinks the company is going to fail.
Nobody really thinks they're a bad person.
Nobody really understands all of the causes for rising and falling crime rates.
Nobody really understands d,ja vu.
Nobody really understands how star formation proceeds.
Nobody really understands that side except the IT group.
Nobody really understands the dynamics of that.
Nobody really understands the web.
Nobody really understands what inertia is.
Nobody really understands where the difference lies.
Nobody really uses all the facts, appropriately weighted, in reasoning.
Nobody really uses guns for legitimate self-defense, especially women or children.
Nobody really uses it to get ammo.
Nobody really wants a jetport in the backyard.
Nobody really wants it to expand.
Nobody really wants nuclear war.
Nobody really wants that.
Nobody really wants to allow in their place.
Nobody really wants to be alone.
Nobody really wants to be called a dork, probably one of the ugliest words in the English language.
Nobody really wants to be last in line.
Nobody really wants to buy car insurance.
Nobody really wants to buy one.
Nobody really wants to do the running and weightlifting.
Nobody really wants to drive all the way to Pasadena on New Year's Day, anyway.
Nobody really wants to form a separate state.
Nobody really wants to go back into the past except a bunch of space cookies.
Nobody really wants to go backwards.
Nobody really wants to go to the outside.
Nobody really wants to know.
Nobody really wants to mess with it too much.
Nobody really wants to read it.
Nobody really wants to see that shit anyway.
Nobody really wants to take a chance.
Nobody really wants to touch immigration.
Nobody really wants to wake up in the morning.
Nobody really wants to watch a show where the fun of it is seeing people get humiliated like that.
Nobody really wants to wipe out the banking system, but some things are unavoidable.
Nobody really wants to witness that.
Nobody really wants to work anymore.
Nobody really wants war.
Nobody really wears any clothes in Australia.
Nobody really wins in a strike.
Nobody really wins when prices run up.
Nobody really wins.
Nobody really worries about the old-time taboos.
Nobody recalls exactly who came up with Northern Lights.
Nobody receives a hand-out.
Nobody recognises that charitable act.
Nobody recognizes it, or talks about it.
Nobody recognizes the man on the throne.
Nobody recollects a credit basis of conducting manufacture now.
Nobody refurbishes equipment to our degree of detail.
Nobody regulates who can make that claim or what it means.
Nobody rejoices ALL the time.
Nobody relaxes in a situation like that.
Nobody relishes hanging around a funeral when the ghoul is bombing.
Nobody relishes having to drive in adverse weather conditions.
Nobody relishes the idea of a mass extermination of the resident geese.
Nobody remains a beginner.
Nobody remains to inherit the land.
Nobody remembers a copycat.
Nobody remembers a missed free throw.
Nobody remembers anything but the song.
Nobody remembers anything really.
Nobody remembers back that far.
Nobody remembers because it was such a great event.
Nobody remembers being told about it at all.
Nobody remembers Carling as anything but beer and ale, but nobody ever knew who Carling was anyway.
Nobody remembers correct predictions.
Nobody remembers enemy soldiers.
Nobody remembers fourth place.
Nobody remembers it.
Nobody remembers paying for it, but they paid a little something.
Nobody remembers that stuff.
Nobody remembers that.
Nobody remembers the also-rans.
Nobody remembers the exact moment, but suddenly the experience of time changed.
Nobody remembers the failings.
Nobody remembers the Finland game, which is why nobody asks about the Finland game.
Nobody remembers the other four bug reports, and discussion peters out.
Nobody remembers the runner-up.
Nobody remembers the URL for some site they visited last week without a bookmark.
Nobody remembers their name.
Nobody remembers three governors on any panel anyone's ever held.
Nobody remembers to buy toilet paper.
Nobody remembers what happened.
Nobody remembers what it was like back then.
Nobody remembers where it started.
Nobody remembers where.
Nobody remembers who finishes fourth in the Olympics.
Nobody rents the office space.
Nobody repays any debts in Hollywood.
Nobody repeats a year.
Nobody replaces the child who has died.
Nobody report motion after effect for whatever temper before it wore our win near weep.
Nobody respects a back-biter.
Nobody respects a country with a poor army, but everybody respects a country with a good army.
Nobody respects a liar, a gossip, a cynic, or a whiner.
Nobody respects a liar.
Nobody respects sales reps.
Nobody respects that.
Nobody respects the government anymore.
Nobody respects the rights of privacy more than old Hippies.
Nobody responds to positive, revealing posts.
Nobody responds to questions that appear here.
Nobody responds to that question immediately.
Nobody restricts access.
Nobody retires in boxing.
Nobody returns the call.
Nobody reverts to an earlier stage of maturity unless they have to.
Nobody rides bikes.
Nobody rides for free.
Nobody rides free forever.
Nobody rides horses around.
Nobody rings a bell when a bull market is over.
Nobody rises from the dead.
Nobody rises to low expectations.
Nobody rules out talks with Pakistan.
Nobody running at full speed has either a head or a heart.
Nobody runs a business out of the goodness of their heart.
Nobody runs all night.
Nobody runs any real applications anyway.
Nobody runs around a forehand.
Nobody runs away from here.
Nobody runs things anymore.
Nobody runs when they can walk.
Nobody s against a library, but people are against wasting money.
Nobody s ever good enough or smart enough or honest enough.
Nobody s ever happy in Hollywood.
Nobody s ever happy with what they have.
Nobody s fault.
Nobody s home but the kids.
Nobody s home.
Nobody s hungry.
Nobody s in danger of starving.
Nobody s interested in just piling up hours.
Nobody s job.
Nobody s mission in life is to commit suicide.
Nobody s neutral.
Nobody s off limits.
Nobody s perfect, and nobody can expect the president to be.
Nobody s perfect.
Nobody s quite sure what it is a recession, soft landing or a mere slowdown.
Nobody s that good.
Nobody satisfy they forest the appearance either weight situated alongside any nevada smith.
Nobody satisfy they forest the appearance either weight situated alongside any super speedway.
Nobody saves a house by staying in it.
Nobody saves anymore.
Nobody saves babies with such bad luck.
Nobody say customized baseball uniform of an skirt indeed our bury whoever settle of belief.
Nobody say nothin, even stop soft laughin.
Nobody says a damn word about the professional football players who dodged the draft.
Nobody says a parish needs to do weekly inquiry, as many do when functioning in a school-year model.
Nobody says a word about snakes.
Nobody says a word except for running the pre-launch checklist.
Nobody says a word when a golfer or tennis player leaves college early.
Nobody says a word.
Nobody says accelerating back into the fast lane is easy.
Nobody says an application form has to be neat.
Nobody says anything about men having babies later in life.
Nobody says anything about our schedule.
Nobody says anything at all.
Nobody says anything except when they have to pay their taxes.
Nobody says anything for a while.
Nobody says anything openly.
Nobody says anything straight out, everything is an exhaustive ramble round and round the bush.
Nobody says anything to anybody.
Nobody says anything unpleasant.
Nobody says anything, for fear of being used as motivation by the other team.
Nobody says anything, nobody knows anything, nobody hears anything.
Nobody says anything.
Nobody says cops have it easy or even safe.
Nobody says fucking shit after that.
Nobody says go in a street fight.
Nobody says it any better.
Nobody says it is.
Nobody says it like Hallmark.
Nobody says it out loud.
Nobody says it.
Nobody says it's easy.
Nobody says it's going to be easy.
Nobody says no when they re asked to homecoming.
Nobody says otherwise.
Nobody says that about Mexican food restaurants.
Nobody says that any more even if it's true.
Nobody says that any more.
Nobody says that anymore either.
Nobody says that anymore.
Nobody says that it is going to be easy.
Nobody says that Mt. Rainier is going to erupt any time soon.
Nobody says that now.
Nobody says that occurred.
Nobody says that there is a freaky looking being with two heads.
Nobody says that very often.
Nobody says that.
Nobody says the women have to go.
Nobody says they are part of our soul.
Nobody says they wanna be a junkie when they grow up.
Nobody says they're against it.
Nobody says they're being creative out of joy.
Nobody says 'toll' anymore.
Nobody says when, how, for how long - in other words, no witnesses.
Nobody says, Come on.
Nobody scolds like a coward.
Nobody scores from the bench.
Nobody scratches games anymore.
Nobody screams about that.
Nobody screams in anguish as they push any buttons.
Nobody secretly wonders if it's silicon.
Nobody see the movement of sub-atomic particles in any chamber with naked eye.
Nobody seeks or believes a retrograde movement to the past is possible or even desirable.
Nobody seeks to fly an automobile.
Nobody seem to observe anything on that telescope.
Nobody seems able to get it to work though.
Nobody seems all that interested in it.
Nobody seems bothered about the variations in the stories of how things happened, though.
Nobody seems ever to visit it.
Nobody seems exactly sure how to pronounce that word.
Nobody seems exactly sure.
Nobody seems happy.
Nobody seems interested.
Nobody seems moved by anything anymore, nobody reacts.
Nobody seems prepared to talk compromise.
Nobody seems remotely aware of their existence.
Nobody seems satisfied with original material.
Nobody seems sure who they have actually sold it to.
Nobody seems sure why it takes forever to put a few pills in a prescription bottle.
Nobody seems surprised to see an adult sledding down the middle of the road.
Nobody seems to agree on tab stops.
Nobody seems to ask why such a large difference of three million people exists.
Nobody seems to be able to answer that question.
Nobody seems to be able to get routing to work.
Nobody seems to be able to get that big hit to break an inning open.
Nobody seems to be able to remember their religion any more or to adequately describe it.
Nobody seems to be arguing that the rule itself is wrong nor the ruling unfair.
Nobody seems to be blaming the government.
Nobody seems to be budging.
Nobody seems to be challenging that.
Nobody seems to be complaining and the club is still the strongest in the league.
Nobody seems to be concerned about the brazenly racial slant of the proverb.
Nobody seems to be concerned about their impact on the upcoming sales launch for The Village.
Nobody seems to be head and shoulders above everybody else.
Nobody seems to be in a rush.
Nobody seems to be in charge.
Nobody seems to be interested in that concept.
Nobody seems to be interested or hungry.
Nobody seems to be learning from one another.
Nobody seems to be leaving.
Nobody seems to be listening.
Nobody seems to be looking to the future.
Nobody seems to be maintaining it any more.
Nobody seems to be making a move.
Nobody seems to be suggesting a large force.
Nobody seems to be trying very hard to fix it.
Nobody seems to be very serious about making their foul shots anymore.
Nobody seems to be worrying about anything.
Nobody seems to care about anything but what they want.
Nobody seems to care about that.
Nobody seems to care about the place, the customers or the bands.
Nobody seems to care about the water shortages.
Nobody seems to care about wrestling anymore.
Nobody seems to care much or do anything about it.
Nobody seems to care that they can make free money.
Nobody seems to care what effects other people.
Nobody seems to care what the criminals are doing.
Nobody seems to care, and they quickly turn their attention back to the tequila.
Nobody seems to care.
Nobody seems to catch the irony.
Nobody seems to complain.
Nobody seems to do it.
Nobody seems to dominate for very long.
Nobody seems to even oppose the measure.
Nobody seems to exemplify the value of good attitude better than the people in Thompson.
Nobody seems to get it.
Nobody seems to have a clear idea about Kosovo's future.
Nobody seems to have a cure.
Nobody seems to have a longstanding love interest in most sitcoms.
Nobody seems to have a motive for the arson attack.
Nobody seems to have a personal agenda.
Nobody seems to have a proposal for reform of the world's financial architecture.
Nobody seems to have a special name for male or female lobsters.
Nobody seems to have an explanation as to why it is performed.
Nobody seems to have an explanation for it either.
Nobody seems to have any definitive answers.
Nobody seems to have any doubt on that score.
Nobody seems to have any idea who the best two or three teams in the country are.
Nobody seems to have any idea.
Nobody seems to have asked that question.
Nobody seems to have been prepared to state publicly their dissatisfaction.
Nobody seems to have bothered to break the news to the guys in Entombed, though.
Nobody seems to have explored two important questions.
Nobody seems to have full answers yet.
Nobody seems to have hedgerows anymore.
Nobody seems to have hit on a formula carrying it forward dramatically.
Nobody seems to have it.
Nobody seems to have knowledge regarding the effects on the feotus.
Nobody seems to have much confidence in digital TV broadcasting yet.
Nobody seems to have much to complain about with it.
Nobody seems to have noticed but the Canadian labor movement is tearing itself apart.
Nobody seems to have paid any attention to what anyone else has said.
Nobody seems to have read it, even then.
Nobody seems to have seen much non-western dance.
Nobody seems to have suspected a toy submarine.
Nobody seems to have talked much about a compromise.
Nobody seems to have the answer.
Nobody seems to have the answers.
Nobody seems to have the right answers.
Nobody seems to have tried it.
Nobody seems to have underestimated the financial lure of the Super Bowl since then.
Nobody seems to have written any such libraries yet.
Nobody seems to know a way out.
Nobody seems to know about the new event today.
Nobody seems to know an outsider is there.
Nobody seems to know anything about it's itiology.
Nobody seems to know exactly which Native American tribes lived here.
Nobody seems to know for absolute certain.
Nobody seems to know for certain.
Nobody seems to know for sure what media is best for long-term archiving of personal computer files.
Nobody seems to know for sure.
Nobody seems to know how mohair got in the mix.
Nobody seems to know how the custom got started, but it's a state institution now.
Nobody seems to know how to compensate for the playwright's shortcomings.
Nobody seems to know how to deal with it.
Nobody seems to know it.
Nobody seems to know much about it or wants to understand anything about it.
Nobody seems to know much about the town.
Nobody seems to know our name in the marketplace.
Nobody seems to know the answer except the Chinese government.
Nobody seems to know the answer for sure.
Nobody seems to know what anaerobic cement is.
Nobody seems to know what became of the doll.
Nobody seems to know what happened to the author.
Nobody seems to know what happened.
Nobody seems to know what holds the seas at different levels.
Nobody seems to know what is was.
Nobody seems to know what it is.
Nobody seems to know what it'll do.
Nobody seems to know what that's all about either.
Nobody seems to know what the information highway is.
Nobody seems to know what their real agenda is.
Nobody seems to know what they're doing.
Nobody seems to know what to do, and the train gets held up while the chief is sent for.
Nobody seems to know what's going on with that.
Nobody seems to know where exactly the the parent language was spoken.
Nobody seems to know where it came from or when it was started, but everybody seems to remember it.
Nobody seems to know where it is now.
Nobody seems to know where it is.
Nobody seems to know where it was purchased.
Nobody seems to know where the cat came from.
Nobody seems to know where the German word came from.
Nobody seems to know where the water goes.
Nobody seems to know where they come from.
Nobody seems to know who does.
Nobody seems to know who it is.
Nobody seems to know who the other person is.
Nobody seems to know who was the first person to be buried there.
Nobody seems to know why it's there.
Nobody seems to know why the regulation has never been enforced.
Nobody seems to know why.
Nobody seems to know, but many have what they think are answers.
Nobody seems to know.
Nobody seems to leave their seats, even to go to the bathroom.
Nobody seems to like each other in the beginning.
Nobody seems to like it.
Nobody seems to like mice.
Nobody seems to listen.
Nobody seems to look at cross breeding seeds.
Nobody seems to make money selling tools for game development.
Nobody seems to mention insurance.
Nobody seems to mind except the coyotes.
Nobody seems to mind in the least.
Nobody seems to mind landing a nice bass and finding that it chewed off the tail.
Nobody seems to mind much.
Nobody seems to mind the unevenness.
Nobody seems to mind, though.
Nobody seems to mind.
Nobody seems to notice a thing.
Nobody seems to notice that little anomaly.
Nobody seems to notice.
Nobody seems to predict a quick end.
Nobody seems to promise that.
Nobody seems to realize that.
Nobody seems to really know.
Nobody seems to register the change.
Nobody seems to remember when and why it was built.
Nobody seems to remember.
Nobody seems to see how vital and necessary the crocodile is.
Nobody seems to speak plain English any more.
Nobody seems to take any notice.
Nobody seems to take responsibility.
Nobody seems to take that beauty for granted.
Nobody seems to think of that any more.
Nobody seems to think that's a good thing.
Nobody seems to throw anything away.
Nobody seems to to why they started or why they stopped.
Nobody seems to track the data publicly.
Nobody seems to understand all the trouble they have.
Nobody seems to understand exactly how that causes quakes.
Nobody seems to understand that multiple measures really means of the same thing.
Nobody seems to understand that.
Nobody seems to understand.
Nobody seems to use it.
Nobody seems to visit here anyway.
Nobody seems to visit it nowadays, but it's still a quite beautiful site.
Nobody seems to walk by the Thailand consulate.
Nobody seems to want a Day job.
Nobody seems to want an electric car.
Nobody seems to want to buy stocks, no matter how low the price .
Nobody seems to want to buy stocks, no matter how low the price.
Nobody seems to want to give kids that.
Nobody seems to want to recognize that.
Nobody seems to want to say anything.
Nobody seems to want to stop throwing money at the state's ever-ballooning prison system.
Nobody seems to want to talk about it.
Nobody seems to want to test the theory that high-ticket software can also be open source.
Nobody seems to work alone anymore.
Nobody seems to worry about flying-wing models though.
Nobody seems to worry about that.
Nobody seems to.
Nobody seems too concerned.
Nobody seems very excited, to put it mildly, about next week's primary election.
Nobody seems very interested in plugs.
Nobody seems willing to explain what they mean by 'complicated' however.
Nobody seems willing to talk about it.
Nobody seems willing to work with each other.
Nobody sees a percentage in escalation.
Nobody sees anybody truly but all through the flaws of their own egos.
Nobody sees anybody.
Nobody sees anything wrong.
Nobody sees Death, Nobody sees the face of Death, Nobody hears the voice of Death.
Nobody sees how they happen.
Nobody sees it.
Nobody sees radiation.
Nobody sees that.
Nobody sees the blood and nobody learns the lesson.
Nobody sees the face as any kind of trick.
Nobody sees the full roundness of our personalities.
Nobody sees the page except for the spider.
Nobody sees the same movie.
Nobody sees the site.
Nobody sees the time and effort they put into the season.
Nobody sees the week of planning that took place before.
Nobody sees what they are doing to themselves.
Nobody sells anything around here.
Nobody sells for less.
Nobody sells secrets that make money.
Nobody sells the most demanded books for less.
Nobody seriously contests that millions are dying of starvation.
Nobody seriously disputes that.
Nobody seriously wants to put the clock back on human progress.
Nobody seriously watches the game.
Nobody sets dates to chat with friends.
Nobody sets out saying they want to distort the story.
Nobody sets out to be sneered at.
Nobody sets out to get into a legal battle, but it can and does happen in Canada.
Nobody sets out to join a cult.
Nobody sets the pace like production framers.
Nobody sets the table in space.
Nobody sets up a political party to make money.
Nobody sets up house in a sinking ship.
Nobody shares a bathroom.
Nobody shares any data, or works as a team.
Nobody shaves down.
Nobody sheds their value system when talking about public policy.
Nobody shoots down planes loaded with cash.
Nobody shoots on location in Bombay.
Nobody shoots the same, but it all comes together.
Nobody shoots up small private schools where the kids get lots of attention.
Nobody shout it keep lots three so aunt die onto all easton hockey gear.
Nobody shouts or gestures rudely.
Nobody shouts there.
Nobody shouts, nobody runs.
Nobody show up.
Nobody shows off quite like an annual.
Nobody shows their real speed until the medals are on offer.
Nobody shows up for parents' night.
Nobody shuns cancer patients any more.
Nobody signs anybody to a multiyear contract coming off surgery.
Nobody sings anymore.
Nobody sings it.
Nobody sings with the teacher during the music class.
Nobody sings Zionist songs around campfires anymore.
Nobody sings, heals or fires a synapse.
Nobody sink always a optics across one plan.
Nobody sits around and thinks about how good they can be as individuals. . .
Nobody sits down to a breakfast of high-fiber synergy and pretends to like it.
Nobody sits in the rocker.
Nobody sleds on campus unless they are traying.
Nobody sleeps in the sky.
Nobody sleeps on the floor or couch.
Nobody sleeps up there.
Nobody slides into first.
Nobody smiles and nobody takes pictures.
Nobody smokes in a band, no weed, no drugs, no whores.
Nobody smokes to look like a kid.
Nobody smokes without some benefit to themselves.
Nobody snows it better.
Nobody solves a problem by creating another.
Nobody speaks about the non-Jewish deportees.
Nobody speaks certain eloquence without the truth.
Nobody speaks English.
Nobody speaks for a moment, then one of the boys grins.
Nobody speaks for seniors when they go to the pharmacy to buy their prescription drugs.
Nobody speaks Hamamatsu pidgin or Yokohama pidgin anymore.
Nobody speaks in sentence fragments.
Nobody speaks Italian.
Nobody speaks like that. . . .
Nobody speaks like that.
Nobody speaks much as the car is dragged out of the mud, slowly along the river bottom toward shore.
Nobody speaks much.
Nobody speaks of it anymore, however.
Nobody speaks on the journey.
Nobody speaks or even breathes, it seems.
Nobody speaks out.
Nobody speaks that way.
Nobody spends all their time as effectively as humanly possible.
Nobody spends more money on furniture, decorating and home improvement than new homeowners.
Nobody spends so much money on statistics because they are useless.
Nobody spends that much time on research, creating a site, and listing it for free.
Nobody spends the time to develop people any more.
Nobody stands alone.
Nobody stands around.
Nobody stands out.
Nobody stands still here.
Nobody stands up to say that the emperor has no clothes on.
Nobody starts freaking if some guys go down.
Nobody starts from zero.
Nobody starts off as a literary giant.
Nobody starts out an expert.
Nobody starts out living for the sake of others on the worldwide level.
Nobody starts out wanting to be a drug addict.
Nobody starts out with heroin and coke.
Nobody starts out with nothing.
Nobody starts receiving and abandons it.
Nobody starts worrying about it until someone everybody knew gets killed.
Nobody starves up there.
Nobody stays cute forever.
Nobody stays in a job forever.
Nobody stays in that range once they get out of college.
Nobody stays in the cinema for that.
Nobody stays in the limelight forever.
Nobody stays in the water very long.
Nobody stays inside the house.
Nobody stays on top forever.
Nobody stays perfect forever.
Nobody stays under the water of baptism.
Nobody steals anything in Hollywood.
Nobody steals our act.
Nobody steps away from a problem.
Nobody steps into the same river twice.
Nobody sticks Brezhnev's posters to wind shields of their cars.
Nobody sticks out, which is good and bad.
Nobody still has permissions to do things on the server.
Nobody stirs, in fact, nobody even notices.
Nobody stops for stop signs.
Nobody stops in the middle of the street to offer rides to complete strangers.
Nobody stops making a mess until they have to pay for the cleanup.
Nobody stops to consider the residents.
Nobody stops to even appreciate the view.
Nobody stops to gaze.
Nobody stops to smell the roses anymore.
Nobody stops to think about how the other fellow feels.
Nobody streaks any more.
Nobody strongly supports that.
Nobody studies it.
Nobody studies to do it.
Nobody succeeds alone.
Nobody succeeds without knowing the science.
Nobody sues for a righteous apology.
Nobody suffers like artists, it seems.
Nobody suffers material deprivation.
Nobody suffers more over a turnover than the young man making it.
Nobody suffers quite like Jeremiah.
Nobody suffers the agonies of wading through complex regulations and impossible government forms.
Nobody suggests repealing laws compelling automobile manufacturers to use airbags.
Nobody supports direct action all of the time.
Nobody supports everyone equally.
Nobody supports prohibition, nowadays.
Nobody supports skating better anywhere else in the world.
Nobody supports terrorism of whatever kind and source.
Nobody supports their selling of unlabeled modified products. . . . .
Nobody supposes that active intervention with captive breeding is ideal.
Nobody supposes that the security forces can forge a peace anyway.
Nobody surfs the perfect waves.
Nobody surveyed is identified in any report or release of survey information.
Nobody survives head-on collision with freight trains.
Nobody survives The King Is Alive .
Nobody suspects a thing at the insurance office.
Nobody suspects anything.
Nobody suspects foul play.
Nobody suspects that the pretty woman is bald and lacking part of a breast.
Nobody suspects the cute, single, neat male.
Nobody swears or runs around indecently dressed or commits adultery.
Nobody synthesizes their own DNA anymore.
Nobody takes a close look at where the money goes and what kind of results the money gets.
Nobody takes a flop hero.
Nobody takes a fresh graduate from India to come over here.
Nobody takes a late-comer seriously.
Nobody takes a seat and the train just rocks the whole way home.
Nobody takes a strong position against it.
Nobody takes any notice.
Nobody takes any responsability on the completeness or correctness of the a bove represented data.
Nobody takes any responsability on the completeness or correctness of the above represented data.
Nobody takes attendance, so taking a canoe trip or sleeping late is always an option.
Nobody takes attendance.
Nobody takes care of the religious problems and needs.
Nobody takes chances.
Nobody takes death lightly.
Nobody takes driving while intoxicated lightly anymore.
Nobody takes it serious.
Nobody takes it seriously.
Nobody takes much notice.
Nobody takes notice.
Nobody takes offense, everybody understands budgets.
Nobody takes or gets much credit for playing it, but people hear it all the time.
Nobody takes out the garbage - there is no garbage.
Nobody takes perfect pictures all the time.
Nobody takes responsibility for prevention.
Nobody takes responsibility for the lost message.
Nobody takes responsibility.
Nobody takes satire seriously anymore.
Nobody takes seriously anymore the idea of a nation that stretches from Morocco to Kuwait.
Nobody takes that away.
Nobody takes the Bible literally anymore.
Nobody takes the long view of it.
Nobody takes the time to communicate to the tower while it's going on.
Nobody takes their star dates more seriously.
Nobody takes their top off.
Nobody takes things personally.
Nobody talks about aid to dependent corporations.
Nobody talks about cameras stealing their souls any more, but many musicians have been ripped off.
Nobody talks about convergence anymore.
Nobody talks about drug testing in victory.
Nobody talks about fighting for an authority derived from a majority of the people.
Nobody talks about Hawaii.
Nobody talks about how American that is.
Nobody talks about how much American life has been infiltrated by European culture.
Nobody talks about it any more.
Nobody talks about it anymore.
Nobody talks about it much unless it storms.
Nobody talks about it, but every, body does somethnig about it.
Nobody talks about it, but it can happen in any family.
Nobody talks about it, but there is something going on.
Nobody talks about it, nobody describes it.
Nobody talks about it.
Nobody talks about music as having intrinsic meaning, how it engages the mind.
Nobody talks about peace and kills children.
Nobody talks about religion.
Nobody talks about that at the station, or even at the academy.
Nobody talks about that.
Nobody talks about the hours, the scheduling.
Nobody talks about the lack of high-paying jobs.
Nobody talks about the ten thousand yuan households any longer.
Nobody talks about their work.
Nobody talks any more about the promised soft landing.
Nobody talks at first.
Nobody talks during a game - they focus on the game.
Nobody talks during it.
Nobody talks for anyone anymore.
Nobody talks in such a family, the children scream and the dog barks.
Nobody talks in the car.
Nobody talks like that.
Nobody talks much about it, everybody just does it.
Nobody talks much.
Nobody talks that quickly anymore.
Nobody talks that way anymore.
Nobody talks that way in real life.
Nobody talks that way today.
Nobody talks there.
Nobody talks to anybody anymore.
Nobody talks to children.
Nobody talks to each other in The Love Letter .
Nobody talks too fast.
Nobody talks very much about syphilis or gonorrhea anymore.
Nobody teaches anything to anyone.
Nobody teaches it, school prepares for the race, people believe in it - blindly.
Nobody teaches nonfiction as writing, as literature.
Nobody teaches numeracy.
Nobody teaches social sciences, the understanding of the behavior of people in institutions.
Nobody teaches the kitten to use the litter box.
Nobody teaches until they go through the training.
Nobody tell the gyro makers.
Nobody tells bad trail running jokes on prime time television.
Nobody tells our story.
Nobody tells students.
Nobody tells ten people anymore.
Nobody tells the truth about sex or weather.
Nobody tells the truth very often.
Nobody tells the truth.
Nobody tells to work without any expectation.
Nobody tends the soil anymore, grass starts to occupy the garden that was once full of life.
Nobody tends to like the unvarnished truth.
Nobody there analyzes.
Nobody there cares anymore.
Nobody there cares.
Nobody there cooks, they just eat out.
Nobody there has a complete picture of how anything really works.
Nobody there is sponge-worthy.
Nobody there knows where it came from.
Nobody there seems to have any inkling that the separatist leaders are to speak.
Nobody there wants someone with actual knowledge on the scene.
Nobody there wants to go back to that.
Nobody think they honor that comfort but land hit till none verb tense.
Nobody thinks abortion is easy and pleasant.
Nobody thinks about death on a nice spring day.
Nobody thinks about how cultures have changed and how they once thrived.
Nobody thinks about it.
Nobody thinks about metal fatigue aboard a ship, but that's what it is.
Nobody thinks about money.
Nobody thinks about that.
Nobody thinks about what it means to be American.
Nobody thinks all religious people are crazy.
Nobody thinks all the changes that are necessary for Texas colleges are going to happen overnight.
Nobody thinks anything about it down there.
Nobody thinks it can help.
Nobody thinks it is particularly wacko.
Nobody thinks it's bad for students to be bilingual and biliterate.
Nobody thinks it's written in stone.
Nobody thinks less of the character of the coach or the owner.
Nobody thinks like that anymore.
Nobody thinks more about race and in more purely racial terms than the professional antiracist.
Nobody thinks much about what goes on inside of one.
Nobody thinks of baseball as the national pastime anymore.
Nobody thinks of chocolate as a healthful food.
Nobody thinks of enjoying poetry any more, and that's too bad.
Nobody thinks of feeding the system.
Nobody thinks of improving the breed.
Nobody thinks of it, no they don t.
Nobody thinks of pine forests , huge caves brimming with stalagmites, and pidgeon plum trees.
Nobody thinks of pine forests, stalagmite-filled caves, and mangrove swamps.
Nobody thinks of the end consequences, the loss of lives, limbs, property, etc.
Nobody thinks or worries about it.
Nobody thinks Seattle can win.
Nobody thinks so anymore.
Nobody thinks so.
Nobody thinks Taiwan can survive that.
Nobody thinks that anymore.
Nobody thinks that that is necessarily good national policy.
Nobody thinks that they are being shot.
Nobody thinks that they are using a foreign language with mathematical notations.
Nobody thinks that undermines our antidrug message to young people.
Nobody thinks that way about electricity.
Nobody thinks that way anymore.
Nobody thinks that way.
Nobody thinks that.
Nobody thinks that's all that unusual, apparently.
Nobody thinks that's fair.
Nobody thinks that's what's happening here.
Nobody thinks the optical is in for a five-year slump.
Nobody thinks the price was unjust anymore.
Nobody thinks the sentence is too harsh.
Nobody thinks the stock market can keep doubling every four years.
Nobody thinks the technology is going away.
Nobody thinks they are being sissies by adding lethal injection.
Nobody thinks they are the ones putting stress on their animals.
Nobody thinks they can live through the death of a child.
Nobody thinks they'll grow up to be a correctional officer.
Nobody thinks things are perfect.
Nobody thinks through their fingertips anymore.
Nobody thinks to ask the computer nerd out.
Nobody thinks to care who they are impressing with the way they look.
Nobody thinks twice about expressing displeasure by way of a slap across the face.
Nobody thinks without making assumptions.
Nobody throws a better half-court lob.
Nobody throws a flag, but they sure blow their whistles a lot.
Nobody throws a party quite like a spex.
Nobody throws a swankier musical party.
Nobody ties up the loose ends.
Nobody touch it 'cause it's a wurnitj place.
Nobody touches anybody anymore.
Nobody touches books on that day.
Nobody touches the originals.
Nobody trains in college to become an agent.
Nobody transacts business that way.
Nobody translate partially that cheap bicycling equipment down either seven.
Nobody travels down the river of life without encountering turbulence.
Nobody tries a quad in the short program.
Nobody tries to conceptualize the magnitude and meaning of an infinitesimal point of time.
Nobody tries to do that.
Nobody tries to escape.
Nobody tries to keep inflation on target every minute or even every quarter.
Nobody tries to outgun anybody.
Nobody tries to outshine anybody else.
Nobody tries to take the spotlight.
Nobody trips over mountains.
Nobody trowels out the underside as smooth as a baby's behind.
Nobody truly knows what it means.
Nobody truly likes to do it.
Nobody truly loves performing fellatio.
Nobody trumps the end market.
Nobody trusts a flash in the pan.
Nobody trusts a thief.
Nobody trusts anybody anymore for anything in the field of intelligence.
Nobody trusts anybody.
Nobody trusts anyone.
Nobody trusts law enforcement in any country, of course.
Nobody trusts official guarantees of safety anymore.
Nobody trusts someone who has lied and been discovered.
Nobody trusts the government anymore.
Nobody trusts the hackers.
Nobody trusts the Potomac River.
Nobody turns up to seminars any more.
Nobody understands all they entail, except insiders.
Nobody understands and explains that culture better than the Rodent.
Nobody understands anybody.
Nobody understands anything they say.
Nobody understands crowd-pleasing better than sites developed to serve a narrow market slice.
Nobody understands emet.
Nobody understands everything the first time they read it.
Nobody understands film business.
Nobody understands how bad it hurts.
Nobody understands how they lost that game.
Nobody understands it better.
Nobody understands it or can justify it.
Nobody understands it.
Nobody understands prospectuses, let alone reads 'em.
Nobody understands regex's except geeks.
Nobody understands that better than a bow hunter.
Nobody understands that better than an independent insurance agent.
Nobody understands that better than Shurmur.
Nobody understands that stuff.
Nobody understands that.
Nobody understands the Bible perfectly.
Nobody understands the boy's artistry.
Nobody understands the dangers of racing better than the drivers.
Nobody understands the German right better than the German left.
Nobody understands the great pain and confusion that bombards a victim s mind after the rape.
Nobody understands the job like the people who do it.
Nobody understands the pattern of prime numbers.
Nobody understands the title, but people turn up anyway, and the run sells out.
Nobody understands the uniqueness of Florida more than one who's been here for a long time.
Nobody understands torture like a teen ager.
Nobody understands what is going on.
Nobody understands what it has been like living with a drug addict.
Nobody understands what the first part of the sentence means.
Nobody understands what the other person is saying.
Nobody understands what the startup stocks are worth.
Nobody understands what they are going through.
Nobody understands why horses fear and loathe harmless barnyard piggies.
Nobody understands why it is so.
Nobody understands why or how they are there.
Nobody understands why there is so much interested.
Nobody understands why.
Nobody urinates in the hallway.
Nobody use to glide like they.
Nobody uses a javelin or discus in war anymore.
Nobody uses a post office inside an airport.
Nobody uses coax any more.
Nobody uses fine language when teaching geometry.
Nobody uses it.
Nobody uses love anymore.
Nobody uses technology in isolation.
Nobody uses that cup anymore.
Nobody uses that method today.
Nobody uses that word anymore.
Nobody uses the holodeck for a week.
Nobody uses the old technology unless they are already locked into it.
Nobody uses 'to lend' anymore.'' On that dispiriting note, the old year ends.
Nobody uses turn signals, they are a sign of weakness.
Nobody ventures to say how infrequently and at what hour the small fry visit the spring.
Nobody ventures too far.
Nobody visits in order to read the same material that was posted six months ago.
Nobody visits it, and the search engines are ignoring it.
Nobody visits our pages.
Nobody visits the temple without displaying at least one ear.
Nobody visits their compost heap in the dark.
Nobody votes against more money for their own schools.
Nobody votes for a judge.
Nobody votes for matthew.
Nobody votes in a bloc more than whites do, at least when it comes to voting for a black candidate.
Nobody votes to fill the atmosphere with soot.
Nobody waits for an introduction.
Nobody waits for anyone else to log off as everyone can access the net simultaneously.
Nobody waits to see if, say, root canal surgery is painful enough to require medication.
Nobody wakes up and says, 'Gee, honey, what a great day.
Nobody wakes up until midday and then the party begins again.
Nobody walks anymore.
Nobody walks away from a good or bad message more empowered when the meeting ends with a smile.
Nobody walks in Detroit.
Nobody walks or jogs or takes the downtown bus before the grand jury anymore.
Nobody walks out the door with the intention of being victimized.
Nobody walks their dog on a rainy day.
Nobody walks with another man s gait.
Nobody walks. . . .
Nobody wants a bad experience due to a poorly maintained piece of gear.
Nobody wants a bad launch.
Nobody wants a bankrupt preacher.
Nobody wants a bitter life, everyone wants a sweet life.
Nobody wants a budget.
Nobody wants a bullet in the eye.
Nobody wants a clumsy eyesore of a site.
Nobody wants a conceited employee.
Nobody wants a consolation prize.
Nobody wants a crack dealer in their home.
Nobody wants a crash.
Nobody wants a criminal conviction.
Nobody wants a degree in Web browsing.
Nobody wants a disease.
Nobody wants a disgruntled borrower to have to deal with month in and month out.
Nobody wants a fire or earthquake, but disasters do happen.
Nobody wants a fleabitten mutt.
Nobody wants a forty year old woman.
Nobody wants a gas pipeline through their community.
Nobody wants a golden pit in their windshield.
Nobody wants a half-hearted believer or servant.
Nobody wants a hand-out.
Nobody wants a hot war in the present state of technology.
Nobody wants a huge blinking animation right above their comic.
Nobody wants a landfill in their backyard.
Nobody wants a landfill next door.
Nobody wants a legal hassle.
Nobody wants a multi-purpose stadium any more.
Nobody wants a mushroom cloud either.
Nobody wants a naked goose.
Nobody wants a neighbor running in at all hours, with or without an errand.
Nobody wants a new runway in their back yard.
Nobody wants a new solid waste repository in their community.
Nobody wants a nosey roommate.
Nobody wants a nothing.
Nobody wants a nuclear war .
Nobody wants a one design sailboat that nobody races.
Nobody wants a pain in the neck, especially a literal one.
Nobody wants a pitcher that's already batted on the other team.
Nobody wants a player who is cool with being a bench player.
Nobody wants a poem.' . .
Nobody wants a power plant in their county.
Nobody wants a race to get messed up because of something stupid like that.
Nobody wants a rainy meeting.
Nobody wants a repeat of last year.
Nobody wants a repeat of that scenario.
Nobody wants a rifle ball as a surprise visitor.
Nobody wants a sequel.
Nobody wants a spill, however, accidents do happen.
Nobody wants a storm to strike, but if one does, it helps to be in a good frame of mind.
Nobody wants a strike.
Nobody wants a stupid man.
Nobody wants a tablet as large as a jaw breaker or hockey puck.
Nobody wants a tax cut.
Nobody wants a trade war.
Nobody wants a used vehicle anymore.
Nobody wants a vehicle to be disabled while it's traveling down the freeway.
Nobody wants a white elephant any more.
Nobody wants a woman hero.
Nobody wants a work stoppage.
Nobody wants above-ground freeways through downtown.
Nobody wants academic mediocrity.
Nobody wants advances in auto efficiency or styling to come at the expense of safety.
Nobody wants all the effort of job search to end in the wrong job.
Nobody wants America to become Texas.
Nobody wants an arborist on the job who is high on pot.
Nobody wants an influx of unemployed polar bears.
Nobody wants an older person's car that looks retrofitted.
Nobody wants an on-screen brochure.
Nobody wants an orphan.
Nobody wants an ugly barren landscape.
Nobody wants an unscrupulous hacker to get their credit card number through the Internet.
Nobody wants another actor.
Nobody wants another decade of senility.
Nobody wants another war in Lebanon.
Nobody wants any extra positions on their books at year-end.
Nobody wants any help with anything.
Nobody wants any local government or state government to be deprived of revenue.
Nobody wants any piece of that guy.
Nobody wants any, but to be polite the guys closest to the bar force themselves.
Nobody wants anybody to do better than everybody else.
Nobody wants anyone in that situation.
Nobody wants anyone to lose their job, or their freedom to crack a few extra keys.
Nobody wants anyone who's desperate.
Nobody wants anything less than eternal duration, eternal continuance.
Nobody wants anything less than that.
Nobody wants anything new in their backyard.
Nobody wants anything to be built in their back yards.
Nobody wants anything to run at a loss and cost the organisers extra money if there is a loss.
Nobody wants athletes to harm their health with alcohol, drugs or tobacco.
Nobody wants bad water.
Nobody wants blasting in their neighborhoods.
Nobody wants change.
Nobody wants constructive criticism.
Nobody wants criticism.
Nobody wants crossed-out girls around.
Nobody wants cutting-edge.
Nobody wants damaged goods.
Nobody wants dictatorial government. . .
Nobody wants dirty air.
Nobody wants drooling, sappy gush.
Nobody wants electrical shocks either.
Nobody wants 'em.
Nobody wants employees spying on each other.
Nobody wants errors in testing materials or reports of results.
Nobody wants European or American troops because of the neo-colonial overtones.
Nobody wants extra trouble.
Nobody wants federal time.
Nobody wants flat beer or flat tires.
Nobody wants food that's contaminated.
Nobody wants gears that fly apart under a load.
Nobody wants gloom.
Nobody wants golf to be a drive and a flip wedge.
Nobody wants information they've already got.
Nobody wants insomnia, but some people have been suffering with it for a long time.
Nobody wants irony.
Nobody wants Israel to get into another shooting war, the danger of escalation is too great.
Nobody wants it badly enough to fight for.
Nobody wants it but lots of people have it.
Nobody wants it here.
Nobody wants it suggested that fish are bothered by the testing instruments.
Nobody wants it to such an extent that a vote seems called for.
Nobody wants it, but the law is the law.
Nobody wants it, nobody has anything to do with it.
Nobody wants it, showing that once burned, investors are twice smart.
Nobody wants it.
Nobody wants just vanilla anymore.
Nobody wants justice.
Nobody wants kids to live in that kind of isolation.
Nobody wants lamb after a round of golf.
Nobody wants legal hassle.
Nobody wants misspelled words in their spelling dictionary.
Nobody wants money only.
Nobody wants more print.
Nobody wants much fuss, and the scientists involved just want to see their projects running again.
Nobody wants multiple standards for the same thing.
Nobody wants old stuff anyhow.
Nobody wants one, but they do happen.
Nobody wants overseas postings any more, and few want quick-return foreign holidays.
Nobody wants people to be forced to do something that is bad for themselves or their families.
Nobody wants people, with or without mental illness, to be walking the streets and harming others.
Nobody wants plain old french fries anymore, so tater tots win.
Nobody wants polluted air, whether they are liberal, conservative or whatever.
Nobody wants power struggles.
Nobody wants private investigators to go around breaking the law.
Nobody wants public funds to go towards abortions.
Nobody wants quid pro quo.
Nobody wants Redskins tickets anymore.
Nobody wants refineries built in their neighborhoods.
Nobody wants risk.
Nobody wants road noise, thus tire makers have sound standards to meet.
Nobody wants rollback.
Nobody wants safe.
Nobody wants security people killing thier vibe inside a party.
Nobody wants shareholders to be determining the color of the paint on the walls in the rest rooms.
Nobody wants simple toys anymore.
Nobody wants so see a picture like that.
Nobody wants soiled diapers in their garbage or landfill sites.
Nobody wants somebody who's been violent.
Nobody wants sympathy for child molesters.
Nobody wants that - including the county, the ranchers and the rural homeowners.
Nobody wants that again.
Nobody wants that any more.
Nobody wants that at first.
Nobody wants that kind of life.
Nobody wants that on their record.
Nobody wants that stock.
Nobody wants that to happen in Panama.
Nobody wants that to happen, least of all the many good police officers in town.
Nobody wants that to happen.
Nobody wants that.
Nobody wants the Ambrose clan to go through that same wringer of trauma.
Nobody wants the bird to disappear.
Nobody wants the clashes to end.
Nobody wants the cookie-cutter approach in which every scientist thinks in the same way.
Nobody wants the girls.
Nobody wants the good person to die.
Nobody wants the government butting in with messianic intentions of statist salvation.
Nobody wants the highest taxes in America.
Nobody wants the landfill in their backyard, yet everybody uses the services it provides.
Nobody wants the lights to go out.
Nobody wants the make-up days at the end of school.
Nobody wants the prostitutes and drug dealers around.
Nobody wants the same old thing.
Nobody wants the same thing all the time.
Nobody wants the stocks.
Nobody wants the time-waster, and the guru was a pest, but the knowledge worker clearly has virtues.
Nobody wants the truck making lots of extra trips up and down the block in front of their house.
Nobody wants the war to spread.
Nobody wants the world blown up.
Nobody wants their butter tasting like fish.
Nobody wants their city or state to be chosen as a repository of nuclear waste.
Nobody wants their computer broken into.
Nobody wants their equipment to break, but duct tape is cheap insurance.
Nobody wants their family to shit in the streets, do without water, electricity and school.
Nobody wants their hospital to turn down smart surgeons and hire more stupid ones.
Nobody wants their kid to get measles.
Nobody wants their lives stripped of context and reduced to one image or one headline.
Nobody wants their problems solved.
Nobody wants their stars getting tired out before Worlds.
Nobody wants their streets to crack.
Nobody wants their valuable information bouncing all over the Internet.
Nobody wants there to be a hiatus.
Nobody wants to admit it, but revitalization means change.
Nobody wants to admit it.
Nobody wants to admit that they are self medicating to escape life's realities.
Nobody wants to admit they made the wrong decision for the wrong reason.
Nobody wants to admit to wallowing in resentment and self-pity.
Nobody wants to age.
Nobody wants to answer the long form.
Nobody wants to attend a class where screaming is the most effective manner of communicating.
Nobody wants to attend.
Nobody wants to back a loser, much less the press.
Nobody wants to back a loser.
Nobody Wants To Back Down.
Nobody wants to be - and as a result there are thousands of diets out there.
Nobody wants to be a chicken.
Nobody wants to be a code slave.
Nobody wants to be a fool or a loser.
Nobody wants to be a hero.
Nobody wants to be a life insurance agent anymore.
Nobody wants to be a loser.
Nobody wants to be a nerd in New York City.
Nobody wants to be a partner of one.
Nobody wants to be a penny hog.
Nobody wants to be a slave.
Nobody wants to be a snob.
Nobody wants to be a square plug in a round hole.
Nobody wants to be a substitute teacher.
Nobody wants to be a victim, and our new anti-fraud booklet can help keep that from happening.
Nobody wants to be able to see a transmission line from their front yard.
Nobody wants to be an apologist for a rapist.
Nobody wants to be around dead things because of the stench.
Nobody wants to be associated with a loser.
Nobody wants to be associated with failure.
Nobody wants to be authoritarian.
Nobody wants to be average.
Nobody wants to be awakened early by a barking dog or for that matter to hear one barking at all.
Nobody wants to be away.
Nobody wants to be beaten to a pulp in their old age by a drug-crazed thug.
Nobody wants to be blamed.
Nobody wants to be bothered by countless telemarketing calls.
Nobody wants to be called or looked upon as a racist.
Nobody wants to be chasing from the back of the pack.
Nobody wants to be controlled, coerced or forced into doing something.
Nobody wants to be controlled.
Nobody wants to be crammed in a car for long trips.
Nobody wants to be criticized.
Nobody wants to be dependent.
Nobody wants to be different, to be out.
Nobody wants to be embarrassed.
Nobody wants to be exclusive.
Nobody wants to be exploited or taken advantage of.
Nobody wants to be fined around here.
Nobody wants to be followed, spied upon, and tracked in real life.
Nobody wants to be hit at the last minute when it's too late.
Nobody wants to be homeless, and everybody is struggling to get rid of life on the roads.
Nobody wants to be humiliated.
Nobody wants to be hurt on the job.
Nobody wants to be hurting the next day.
Nobody wants to be identified with the decision.
Nobody wants to be in a black neighborhood.
Nobody wants to be in a position where the attendant . . .
Nobody wants to be in a shelter.
Nobody wants to be in a situation where survival is the bottom line.
Nobody wants to be in favor of closed networks, just as no one is in favor of dirty water.
Nobody wants to be in the hospital for a holiday.
Nobody wants to be in the parking lot.
Nobody wants to be invited somewhere and then realize that the invitation is very, very short-lived.
Nobody wants to be just a face in the crowd.
Nobody wants to be killed, nobody want to hate their neighbors.
Nobody wants to be known as a campus rapist.
Nobody wants to be labeled by greenhouse promoters as a skeptic or an agent of the oil lobby.
Nobody wants to be labeled mediocre.
Nobody wants to be lectured, they want to be entertained.
Nobody wants to be left behind in the great American youth restoring sweepstakes.
Nobody wants to be left behind.
Nobody wants to be left holding the joke.
Nobody wants to be left out again.
Nobody wants to be left out.
Nobody wants to be left with orphaned software.
Nobody wants to be lonely'.
Nobody wants to be lonely.
Nobody Wants To Be Lonely.
Nobody wants to be nailed to the cross as a bad mother.
Nobody wants to be named on TV as a gun toter.
Nobody wants to be ogled when they're hurting.
Nobody wants to be on probation.
Nobody wants to be on the low-performing list.
Nobody wants to be on the prima donna's side.
Nobody wants to be on the team that loses a consecutive championship streak.
Nobody wants to be on welfare.
Nobody wants to be or employ an unhappy worker.
Nobody wants to be ostracized for being a snitch.
Nobody wants to be part of a failure.
Nobody wants to be phobic.
Nobody wants to be poor.
Nobody wants to be put back there.
Nobody wants to be regulated.
Nobody wants to be rejected.
Nobody wants to be reminded of a past they re ashamed of.
Nobody wants to be responsible for shooting someones eye out.
Nobody wants to be responsible.
Nobody wants to be saddled with the worst shift available.
Nobody wants to be seen as being against the hospital.
Nobody wants to be seen as being unable to take a joke.
Nobody wants to be seen denying Africa a chance at peace, even if the odds are poor.
Nobody wants to be seen on the wrong side of that issue.
Nobody wants to be sent home early.
Nobody wants to be stranded at work without transportation when there is an emergency.
Nobody wants to be subject to a rule based on what someone thinks someone looks like.
Nobody wants to be subjected to an undue level of risk.
Nobody wants to be surprised anymore.
Nobody wants to be surprised.
Nobody wants to be taking Finals longer than they have to.
Nobody wants to be the astronaut who breaks the toilet in space.
Nobody wants to be the boy who cried wolf.
Nobody wants to be the caretaker.
Nobody wants to be the class nerd.
Nobody wants to be the first to ask a question.
Nobody wants to be the first to leave.
Nobody wants to be the first to start a development.
Nobody wants to be the first, but when they see their buddies in the black, they're quick to follow.
Nobody wants to be the guinea pig.
Nobody wants to be the last casualty.
Nobody wants to be the last one to realize when the party is over.
Nobody wants to be the laughing stock of their profession.
Nobody wants to be the next Palm Beach.
Nobody wants to be the one to tell the granting agency what they're seeing.
Nobody wants to be the one who slows down the team.
Nobody wants to be the pioneer, yet everyone wants to emulate successful ventures.
Nobody wants to be the poster child to do the first, and worst, deal.
Nobody wants to be the risk manager of the public entity that blew the dividend for the group.
Nobody wants to be the test case.
Nobody wants to be the turd in the punchbowl.
Nobody wants to be the victim of violent crime.
Nobody wants to be the weak link.
Nobody wants to be there.
Nobody wants to be third or even second.
Nobody wants to be thought ill of.
Nobody wants to be thought over-pious or to get in the way.
Nobody wants to be threatened, wants to put the world through thattrauma anymore.
Nobody wants to be told they are wrong.
Nobody wants to be told what to do all of the time.
Nobody wants to be tossed aside.
Nobody wants to be treated unfairly or be the target of an unfair act.
Nobody wants to be unhappy.
Nobody wants to be unpleasantly surprised on a vacation.
Nobody wants to be visiting food distribution centers the rest of their lives.
Nobody wants to be watched.
Nobody wants to be where they are.
Nobody wants to become hypocritical.
Nobody wants to believe a decision has already been made without the benefit of their input.
Nobody wants to believe a scandal.
Nobody wants to believe it, or it's something easy for a lot of media people to write about.
Nobody wants to believe people can be cruel.
Nobody wants to believe that.
Nobody wants to believe they're second or third bananas, even if they are.
Nobody wants to blow Nobody wants to be Left out.
Nobody wants to blow up Fort Knox anymore.
Nobody wants to borrow a loan - but it is a reality.
Nobody wants to borrow a student loan - but it is a reality.
Nobody wants to break a finger trying to bring home dinner.
Nobody wants to breathe polluted air or to drink poisoned water.
Nobody wants to bring up abortion.
Nobody wants to build a wall between America and Canada.
Nobody wants to build inventories when they think the price is going to fall.
Nobody wants to buy a 'bad' house.
Nobody wants to buy a home full of other people's belongings.
Nobody wants to buy a pig in a poke.
Nobody wants to buy a r sum , just as nobody wants to buy a coffin, or a filling for their teeth.
Nobody wants to buy a scratched up cooking pan.
Nobody wants to buy anything from a bulk email anyway.
Nobody wants to buy boxes off a shelf anymore.
Nobody wants to buy into death.
Nobody wants to buy it.
Nobody wants to buy products or support practices that destroy forests, but it can be hard to avoid.
Nobody wants to buy small cars.
Nobody wants to buy software that can be broken into in a few hours.
Nobody wants to canoe down a river scattered with garbage.
Nobody wants to catch.
Nobody wants to change a tire in the cold.
Nobody wants to change that.
Nobody wants to change windows twice a year anymore.
Nobody wants to clean out the stomachs anymore.
Nobody wants to close a bad public school.
Nobody wants to come into a community whose members are at war with each other.
Nobody wants to come out all that much because of the weather.
Nobody wants to come out and fight for the either side.
Nobody wants to come.
Nobody wants to connect to a web page that is nothing but screenful after screenful of text.
Nobody wants to cook at a party.
Nobody wants to cook much any more, it seems.
Nobody wants to create a counterpart of America's Bible belt in India.
Nobody wants to cry.
Nobody wants to cure disease, just treat it.
Nobody wants to damage the ecology.
Nobody wants to deal at a table left chaotic by the previous dealer.
Nobody wants to deal with a germie person.
Nobody wants to deal with crooks.
Nobody wants to deal with it.
Nobody wants to deal with the disappointment of paying for an item and never getting it in the mail.
Nobody wants to deal with the facts.
Nobody wants to deal with the issue.
Nobody wants to defect to Mexico.
Nobody wants to defend the caveman anymore.
Nobody wants to delete good stuff without reading it.
Nobody wants to destabilise Russia's democratic process, as general and presidential elections loom.
Nobody wants to destroy the economy in the process of doing that.
Nobody wants to devote the time to learn a martial art anymore.
Nobody wants to die alone.
Nobody wants to die so in order to avoid death, they succumb.
Nobody wants to die today.
Nobody wants to die.
Nobody wants to disarm the public.
Nobody wants to do a comb-over, so that's a good thing.
Nobody wants to do anything about it.
Nobody wants to do anything.
Nobody wants to do business with a slob.
Nobody wants to do business with someone who doesn t appear to be doing well.
Nobody wants to do it twice.
Nobody wants to do it, but it has to be done.
Nobody wants to do it.
Nobody wants to do that again.
Nobody wants to do that for the same reason they feel comfortable receiving praise.
Nobody wants to do that.
Nobody wants to do the drugs alone.
Nobody wants to do the right thing anymore.
Nobody wants to drink somebody else's homemade beer.
Nobody wants to drive a fine team and equipage over streets congested with traffic.
Nobody wants to drive jobs out of town.
Nobody wants to drop the ball.
Nobody wants to eat nothing but salt.
Nobody wants to eat spinal cord or pig bristles.
Nobody wants to eat spinal cord.
Nobody wants to eat unappetizing or old food, especially when it comes to fruits and vegetables.
Nobody wants to eat yet.
Nobody wants to eliminate jobs.
Nobody wants to embarrass Lebanon.
Nobody wants to end their season with a loss.
Nobody wants to end up in traction after a move.
Nobody wants to end up lost.
Nobody wants to end up plugged into machines and wired to tubes.
Nobody wants to expose their friends and colleagues to an inferior product.
Nobody wants to face it that close.
Nobody wants to face the looming apocalypse now.
Nobody wants to fall.
Nobody wants to feel dependent on something.
Nobody wants to feel like a wallet with a person attached.
Nobody wants to feel like they're going to be preached at in the theatre.
Nobody wants to feel stuffed, especially when they're going to have a romantic evening.
Nobody wants to feel they're being manipulated, and people can get very cynical very quickly.
Nobody wants to fight a war unless they know there's at least a chance of winning.
Nobody wants to fight in rough terrain so the rough-terrain guys become spectators and redundant.
Nobody wants to fight when they re high.
Nobody wants to fight.
Nobody wants to find 'it' only to lose it for lack of attention and care.
Nobody wants to find the real story.
Nobody wants to finish last.
Nobody wants to fish among dead fish, or play on the beach with dead fish and dead birds. . . .
Nobody wants to follow a name.
Nobody wants to follow leaders who reverse course all the time.
Nobody wants to get a babysitter so they can do laundry.
Nobody wants to get a poor quality, one channel, hiss aircheck tape.
Nobody wants to get burned.
Nobody wants to get caught being naughty.
Nobody wants to get caught red-handed.
Nobody wants to get caught running a red light, but it is a potentially fatal traffic violation.
Nobody wants to get caught.
Nobody wants to get fleeced.
Nobody wants to get high alone, man.
Nobody wants to get hit by a freight train.
Nobody wants to get hurt.
Nobody wants to get in that kind of hot water.
Nobody wants to get injured.
Nobody wants to get inside the head of a phony character.
Nobody wants to get involved because there's fear of litigation.
Nobody wants to get left behind.
Nobody wants to get old, but it beats the only available alternative.
Nobody wants to get old, yet every year they get older.
Nobody wants to get on the bus.
Nobody wants to get rid of blue skies.
Nobody wants to get ripped off.
Nobody wants to get sick on their holidays.
Nobody wants to get sick.
Nobody wants to get stuck in voice mail jail.
Nobody wants to get swept, especially against a bunch of old guys.
Nobody wants to get swept.
Nobody wants to get voted off.
Nobody wants to give a gift just to find out the recipient had to return it.
Nobody wants to give an inch.
Nobody wants to give anybody a break.
Nobody wants to give credit to the team on top, the team that stays on top.
Nobody wants to give money to a comatose organization.
Nobody wants to give money to criminals, junkys.
Nobody wants to give their money to a flake.
Nobody wants to give up anything.
Nobody wants to give up their golf course.
Nobody wants to go all pale and white.
Nobody wants to go all the way through.
Nobody wants to go back to hand assembly and depending on floppies as our main storage device.
Nobody wants to go back to hyperinflation.
Nobody wants to go back to spraying ten applications of insecticide.
Nobody wants to go back to the days of one telephone company.
Nobody wants to go back to the fifties.
Nobody wants to go back to using gold coins or gold dust to buy horses or houses.
Nobody wants to go down there to collect olives.
Nobody wants to go down there to do any work.
Nobody wants to go fishing and catch no fish, or go shelling and find no shells.
Nobody wants to go home more riddled with guilt than when they came.
Nobody wants to go into new situations thinking negatively.
Nobody wants to go into that dark alley.
Nobody wants to go on strike.
Nobody wants to go out and have a different guy playing quarterback.
Nobody wants to go out and stink up the court.
Nobody wants to go out losing.
Nobody wants to go out with an injury.
Nobody wants to go out.
Nobody wants to go public with sexual harassment.
Nobody wants to go there.
Nobody wants to go through divorce.
Nobody wants to go through every page to find the page needed.
Nobody wants to go through life like that.
Nobody wants to go through that twice.
Nobody wants to go to a destination and just while away the time, especially the younger lot.
Nobody wants to go to a nursing home for their long term care.
Nobody wants to go to a school of last resort.
Nobody wants to go to a web page and it looking like ransom letter.
Nobody wants to go to back-alley abortions.
Nobody wants to go to Colorado down three games to one.
Nobody wants to go to jail for messing with the quality.
Nobody wants to go to prison because the penal concept of penance is based on free time.
Nobody wants to go to school during the summer.
Nobody wants to go to the moon.
Nobody wants to go to the transmission shop.
Nobody wants to golf in a toxic zone.
Nobody wants to grope for the tire iron tonight.
Nobody wants to grow up.
Nobody wants to grow.
Nobody wants to have a chronic illness.
Nobody wants to have a conversation with someone who's drunk or stoned.
Nobody wants to have a fag for a kid.
Nobody wants to have a lot of job-hopping, and nobody wants to have to conduct continual recruiting.
Nobody wants to have a military confrontation with Iraq.
Nobody wants to have a serious injury.
Nobody wants to have a troop struggling or suffering.
Nobody wants to have an abortion.
Nobody wants to have an accident.
Nobody wants to have dead bodies lying around.
Nobody wants to have enemies as neighbours.
Nobody wants to have mis-expectations.
Nobody wants to have one around.
Nobody wants to have physical disabilities.
Nobody wants to have to hold a child back in school.
Nobody wants to have to plug in one more device.
Nobody wants to have to resort to the bombing, or military action.
Nobody wants to have to run over someone in order to stop drinking.
Nobody wants to have ugly children.
Nobody wants to hear a fresh story.
Nobody wants to hear a preacher.
Nobody wants to hear a rant.
Nobody wants to hear about injuries.
Nobody wants to hear about it.
Nobody wants to hear about money.
Nobody wants to hear about successful blacks as it spoils the historical image.
Nobody wants to hear about the average Palestinian or Israeli going about their business.
Nobody wants to hear air guitar anymore or play air golf or air tennis.
Nobody wants to hear all that political junk anyway.
Nobody wants to hear artistic expression in music.
Nobody wants to hear bad news or deal with it.
Nobody wants to hear busy signals on a business call.
Nobody wants to hear excuses.
Nobody wants to hear it anymore.
Nobody wants to hear it.
Nobody wants to hear our side of it.
Nobody wants to hear someone stand up and read from a manuscript.
Nobody wants to hear that in a relatively safe, prosperous time in history.
Nobody wants to hear that message.
Nobody wants to hear that rude cynicism, of course.
Nobody wants to hear that small-minded, negative thinking.
Nobody wants to hear that their baby is ugly.
Nobody wants to hear that they have a brain injury.
Nobody wants to hear that.
Nobody wants to hear the facts when they clash with a happily imagined reality.
Nobody wants to hide it now.
Nobody wants to hire a person that complains about past employers.
Nobody wants to hire a sourpuss.
Nobody wants to hire an adult who has never learned to be at work on time or complete work properly.
Nobody wants to hire somebody with an attitude.
Nobody wants to hire someone without any work experience.
Nobody wants to hire the most hated woman in America.
Nobody wants to hurt a guy.
Nobody wants to hurt anybody.
Nobody wants to hurt baby caribou, of course.
Nobody wants to hurt nobody.
Nobody wants to hurt their feelings.
Nobody wants to hurt themselves.
Nobody wants to hurt.
Nobody wants to implement an expensive system that they know nothing about.
Nobody wants to interfere with progress.
Nobody wants to invest anything.
Nobody wants to invest in the fifth best company.
Nobody wants to invest their money right before a tax shelter goes into effect.
Nobody wants to investigate the lawyers.
Nobody wants to investigate the police.
Nobody wants to join a church where people are at each other's throats.
Nobody wants to jump to conclusions.
Nobody wants to just give money to the government and see it disappear into the wind.
Nobody wants to keep involved with a project that's failing.
Nobody wants to kill anybody, but it has to be done to killers to save face for the good of society.
Nobody wants to kiss when they are hungry.
Nobody wants to know what cops know.
Nobody wants to know why the Catholic countries are much poorer.
Nobody wants to know.
Nobody wants to leave after rehearsal.
Nobody wants to leave the established mainstream press.
Nobody wants to let down the team.
Nobody wants to let the pen and pencil set go when they sell.
Nobody wants to linger in Bethlehem.
Nobody wants to listen or question whether the conviction is wrong.
Nobody wants to listen though.
Nobody wants to listen to a lecture during the summer.
Nobody wants to listen to an egoist.
Nobody wants to listen.
Nobody wants to live a bland an tasteless life.
Nobody wants to live a life of unhappiness.
Nobody wants to live in a concrete jungle.
Nobody wants to live in a house without heat or electricity.
Nobody wants to live in an atmosphere where expectations are undefined and punishment is quick.
Nobody wants to live in close quarters with someone they hate and with whom they fight constantly.
Nobody wants to live in fear of worst-case scenarios, litigations, and such.
Nobody wants to live in Vladivostok.
Nobody wants to live next to a clear-cut.
Nobody wants to live next to a swamp there either . . .
Nobody wants to live on a freeway.
Nobody wants to live outside their home.
Nobody wants to live there.
Nobody wants to live with a wet dog.
Nobody wants to live with one.
Nobody wants to live with their parents forever.
Nobody wants to load and unload it again, and ten bucks is better than nothing.
Nobody wants to locate in a country which is creaking at the joints.
Nobody wants to lock in a milk price only to find out the market went higher.
Nobody wants to log in again and again.
Nobody wants to look at a bunch of banners.
Nobody wants to look at a screen for long.
Nobody wants to look at big piles of concrete and debris as they look out the window.
Nobody wants to look at their future in a nursing home.
Nobody wants to look at themselves and ask what is really going on.
Nobody wants to look down the road.
Nobody wants to look dumb, so nobody lets on.
Nobody wants to look foolish or amateurish or both.
Nobody wants to look like a fool.
Nobody wants to look like an Oscar.
Nobody wants to look like anyone else, and that's problem number one.
Nobody wants to look like that.
Nobody wants to look like they're denying help to cancer patients.
Nobody wants to look like they've had plastic surgery.
Nobody wants to look stupid, or, worse, like a suck-up.
Nobody wants to look to the past, everythings in the future now everyone lives in hope.
Nobody wants to lose a good employee.
Nobody wants to lose a player.
Nobody wants to lose a single egg, let alone an entire hatching.
Nobody wants to lose and somebody else wins.
Nobody wants to lose ground.
Nobody wants to lose intentionally.
Nobody wants to lose on Senior Night.
Nobody wants to lose out on market share in that area.
Nobody wants to lose the baby they have fallen so deeply in love with.
Nobody wants to lose the game and feel they got cheated out of it.
Nobody wants to lose the school.
Nobody wants to lose their identity.
Nobody wants to lose two home games in a row.
Nobody wants to lose.
Nobody wants to make a mistake and be stuck with something that doesn t deliver as promised.
Nobody wants to make a mistake out there.
Nobody wants to make an error.
Nobody wants to make crazy investments anymore.
Nobody wants to make major mistakes.
Nobody wants to make that first initial payment out of pocket.
Nobody wants to make that plane ride.
Nobody wants to make the mistake of spending a lot of money in vain.
Nobody wants to make themselves that vulnerable.
Nobody wants to manage that.
Nobody wants to marry a creep.
Nobody wants to minimize the pain, frustration and anxiety associated with a serious illness.
Nobody wants to miss that key putt in front of the boss.
Nobody wants to miss that opportunity.
Nobody wants to miss the event and spectators and helpers hitch a ride wherever they can.
Nobody wants to move into a neighborhood having already made enemies of all their new neighbors.
Nobody wants to move things frequently and over long distances one at a time.
Nobody wants to move.
Nobody wants to negotiate.
Nobody wants to nitpick in such a context.
Nobody wants to offend any major advertisers.
Nobody wants to offer bulletin board material, much less cause a riot.
Nobody wants to open a business near a Superfund site and risk being sued.
Nobody wants to open it.
Nobody wants to outlaw smoking.
Nobody wants to outplay anybody.
Nobody wants to overlook any bets.
Nobody wants to over-pay on a particular deal if they don t have to.
Nobody wants to own a wimpy dog.
Nobody wants to own it.
Nobody wants to own stocks any more.
Nobody wants to partner with a lion.
Nobody wants to pass it without it going to a ballot.
Nobody wants to pay an arm and a leg at the pump.
Nobody wants to pay an inflated price for a fixer-upper.
Nobody wants to pay for a business agent.
Nobody wants to pay for advertising on the Internet.
Nobody wants to pay for content on the web.
Nobody wants to pay for it.
Nobody wants to pay for proper editing anymore.
Nobody wants to pay for that.
Nobody wants to pay more for a car than what it is worth.
Nobody wants to pay more for the same.
Nobody wants to pay more for their education.
Nobody wants to pay more than they have to.
Nobody wants to pay people what they're worth.
Nobody wants to pay retail.
Nobody wants to pay taxes.
Nobody wants to pay the bill.
Nobody wants to pay too mach but everybody needs specialists agreeable to the modern standards.
Nobody wants to pay.
Nobody wants to perpetuate a military intervention.
Nobody wants to place a family member in an extended care facility.
Nobody wants to plant a lawn with seed that is full of weeds.
Nobody wants to play because nobody is playing.
Nobody wants to play CMU at home.
Nobody wants to play Dallas.
Nobody wants to play defense.
Nobody wants to play it now.
Nobody wants to play lousy golf.
Nobody wants to play second fiddle.
Nobody wants to play the Blues when the playoffs come around.
Nobody wants to play the principles-game when kids are involved.
Nobody wants to play with a broken toy.
Nobody wants to play with bullies.
Nobody wants to plow through a corporate home page to get to what they want to see.
Nobody wants to pour good money after bad.
Nobody wants to preach that.
Nobody wants to preside over a dead collection.
Nobody wants to process a rental application from someone out of state.
Nobody wants to produce something to sit on a shelf, gathering dust.
Nobody wants to promote a complainer.
Nobody wants to provide a lot of space for free anymore.
Nobody wants to push back the launch date, so everyone starts running around in a big rush.
Nobody wants to put a baby in the paper.
Nobody wants to put any money into that industry.
Nobody wants to put anybody out of business, but the taxpayers are our ultimate customers.
Nobody wants to put innocent people on Death Row.
Nobody wants to put others out of business by destroying oneself, too.
Nobody wants to put themselves in a hole at the beginning of the season.
Nobody wants to put to death an innocent person.
Nobody wants to put unnecessary barriers in the way of offering Internet content.
Nobody wants to rain on the web's inauguration parade.
Nobody wants to raise taxes.
Nobody wants to raise tuition in any amount.
Nobody wants to reach retirement without being able to enjoy their old age in dignity and comfort.
Nobody wants to read a full-page signature block.
Nobody wants to read a movie about a movie by somebody who's only seen movies.
Nobody wants to read about a minor event that occurred two years ago.
Nobody wants to read about a witless wimp.
Nobody wants to read about it.
Nobody wants to read about somebody who has a pristine life and a spotless record.
Nobody wants to read about the problems of the rich.
Nobody wants to read bitter.
Nobody wants to read books about the war.
Nobody wants to read chopped sentences or mis-spelled words.
Nobody wants to read post after post of incoherent nonsense.
Nobody wants to read the small print in dreams.
Nobody wants to receive autogreets.
Nobody wants to re-invent the wheel.
Nobody wants to relearn an app, so the competition has to be darned good to get people to switch.
Nobody wants to remain a beginner.
Nobody wants to remember.
Nobody wants to repeat that.
Nobody wants to repeat work someone else has already completed.
Nobody wants to respond.
Nobody wants to return to the tribalism and violence of the past.
Nobody wants to ride the train anymore.
Nobody wants to risk a military confrontation with nuclear-armed Russia over Chechnya.
Nobody wants to risk having a bore on their show.
Nobody wants to risk life and health to crawl on their church roof in the middle of a hard rain.
Nobody wants to risk losing voters, or viewers, by actually saying something.
Nobody wants to risk their vehicle on the rough back roads even to bring material half way.
Nobody wants to rock the boat.
Nobody wants to roll out just because people are clamouring for roll out.
Nobody wants to root for big companies trying to make money.
Nobody wants to round out the bottom of the bell curve.
Nobody wants to row anymore.
Nobody wants to ruffle any feathers before they know that they're welcome forever.
Nobody wants to run the risk of being knocked off by a woman.
Nobody wants to run.
Nobody wants to sacrifice.
Nobody wants to say anything negative about homosexuals.
Nobody wants to say much about it, even though a new law now requires reports.
Nobody wants to say that.
Nobody wants to say they lagged the popular standards.
Nobody wants to screw up, so there are lots of compliance officers and consultants involved.
Nobody wants to see a ballplayer using a bat as a walking cane.
Nobody wants to see a boring race.
Nobody wants to see a car full of people pull up to a spot and paddle out into the line up.
Nobody wants to see a face of a dirty person.
Nobody wants to see a fifty year old hick's backside.
Nobody wants to see a group of people standing around, moving side to side.
Nobody wants to see a loser.
Nobody wants to see a naked pregnant chick.
Nobody wants to see a one-rounder, either.
Nobody wants to see a recycled film that everyone else makes.
Nobody wants to see a repackaged version of what was there before.
Nobody wants to see a war on the Korean peninsula.
Nobody wants to see a war or attacks.
Nobody wants to see a washed-up pitcher.
Nobody wants to see American military men killed.
Nobody wants to see an accident with technology.
Nobody wants to see an athlete undergo an operation unless it's absolutely necessary.
Nobody wants to see and hear someone make a fool of themselves.
Nobody wants to see anybody suffer, but there are alternate drugs available.
Nobody wants to see anymore bench-clearing fiascoes like the one in Detroit.
Nobody wants to see court-tangled antitrust efforts.
Nobody wants to see farmlands and greenfields given up to suburban sprawl or industrial development.
Nobody wants to see great players taken from the game because of injury.
Nobody wants to see harvesting begun, only to be curtailed the next year.
Nobody wants to see Islamabad eat crow or be seen to be humbled though it deserves that treatment.
Nobody wants to see it, they just want it to function properly in the background.
Nobody wants to see kids go uneducated.
Nobody wants to see lame web sites anymore.
Nobody wants to see mass failure.
Nobody wants to see more than that.
Nobody wants to see one team wallop another, because it is very unentertaining.
Nobody wants to see or hear unnecessary verbiage.
Nobody wants to see original movies high in creativity.
Nobody wants to see people driving to work, working, then driving back home.
Nobody wants to see people get hurt and that is acceptable.
Nobody wants to see people put out of work.
Nobody wants to see products they paid hard earned cash for turn to rust in a short time.
Nobody wants to see second-hand cartoons.
Nobody wants to see sites damaged.
Nobody wants to see someone die or really get hurt.
Nobody wants to see staff harassing students or vice versa.
Nobody wants to see stuff that usually happens behind closed doors.
Nobody wants to see such a boring genius.
Nobody wants to see that happen again.
Nobody wants to see that happen.
Nobody wants to see that kind of wife-swapping sex anymore.
Nobody wants to see that property abandoned.
Nobody wants to see that shit.
Nobody wants to see that.
Nobody wants to see the army on their streets.
Nobody wants to see the economy go down.
Nobody wants to see the judiciary lurch to the far right or the far left.
Nobody wants to see the new doctor.
Nobody wants to see the same thing over and over again.
Nobody wants to see the things they love about the Valley and Arizona vanish.
Nobody wants to see the whole issue militarized.
Nobody wants to see two sweaty men roll around in their underwear.
Nobody wants to see Usagi die.
Nobody wants to seem strange.
Nobody wants to seem weak-willed or to have a lack of self control.
Nobody wants to sell an item to lose money.
Nobody wants to send e-mail when surfing.
Nobody wants to shake things up.
Nobody wants to share a cabin with the seasick guy.
Nobody wants to share an apartment with bugs or rats.
Nobody wants to shoulder the blame.
Nobody wants to show money, and know one is working.
Nobody wants to shrug their shoulders at that.
Nobody wants to sift through sand for a few pennies.
Nobody wants to sit in a room with nothing to look at.
Nobody wants to sit on the sidelines and watch another man play.
Nobody wants to sit still long enough to read eight or ten screens worth of text.
Nobody wants to sit through a blackout anymore.
Nobody wants to slow it up.
Nobody wants to sound like a book.
Nobody wants to spend much money doing it.
Nobody wants to spend much money.
Nobody wants to spend that time.
Nobody wants to spend their life hiding from the world.
Nobody wants to spend their life walking through a mess.
Nobody wants to spend too much on advertising.
Nobody wants to starve.
Nobody wants to stick it to anybody.
Nobody wants to stick to only one business at a time.
Nobody wants to stop a party, but there are neighbors to consider.
Nobody wants to strike.
Nobody wants to struggle.
Nobody wants to subsidize the lawyer next door.
Nobody wants to suck.
Nobody wants to suffer rejection, go through hardships etc.
Nobody wants to suffer.
Nobody wants to support the president.
Nobody wants to surf the web anymore.
Nobody wants to switch to a product that is going to eliminate their freedom in the future.
Nobody wants to tackle it.
Nobody wants to take a beating.
Nobody wants to take a boring job.
Nobody wants to take along a complainer.
Nobody wants to take any blame for sin.
Nobody wants to take any chances.
Nobody wants to take home their own stuff.
Nobody wants to take on a headache.
Nobody wants to take responsibility for anything anymore.
Nobody wants to take responsibility for it.
Nobody wants to take responsibility for noise pollution which results in actual damage.
Nobody wants to take responsibility or ownership for the problem.
Nobody wants to take responsibility.
Nobody wants to take risks.
Nobody wants to take that first step.
Nobody wants to take that risk.
Nobody wants to take the bar exam more than once.
Nobody wants to take the blame.
Nobody wants to take the full blunt of the budget cutting ax.
Nobody wants to take the president on.
Nobody wants to take the risk of making a big change.
Nobody wants to take the thrill away from victory, but burning a flag is dangerous stuff.
Nobody wants to take the wrong path.
Nobody wants to talk about anything but the president's dick.
Nobody wants to talk about anything.
Nobody wants to talk about apartheid.
Nobody wants to talk about asset allocation.
Nobody wants to talk about being sick and old.
Nobody wants to talk about bugs.
Nobody wants to talk about digestive problems.
Nobody wants to talk about dying.
Nobody wants to talk about it.
Nobody wants to talk about that.
Nobody wants to talk about the status of the habitat.
Nobody wants to talk to a stuck-up person.
Nobody wants to talk.
Nobody wants to testify because of intimidation by a defendant s fellow gang members.
Nobody wants to think about a downturn while the economy is humming along.
Nobody wants to think about cancer, but it's important to be prepared.
Nobody wants to think about dying, but, like taxes, it is one of life's inevitabilities.
Nobody wants to think about rape and sexual assault because it is extremely hard to stomach.
Nobody wants to think about what's going on in their heads.
Nobody wants to think anything they do is their own fault.
Nobody wants to think like that right now.
Nobody wants to think of their kids playing in an area that's infested with rats.
Nobody wants to think they are a bad person.
Nobody wants to think they have fallen into a rut, stagnant and unchanging.
Nobody wants to throw out the votes of thousands of citizens who did nothing wrong.
Nobody wants to touch it.
Nobody wants to touch operating systems.
Nobody wants to travel a road filled with potholes and detours.
Nobody wants to travel back and forth between the hospitals.
Nobody wants to travel that far the first time, let alone twice.
Nobody wants to travel to Montana and eat a steak from a grocery-store wrapper.
Nobody wants to try something on that big a scale anymore.
Nobody wants to turn their backs on people who've already bought equipment.
Nobody wants to use a polluted body of water.
Nobody wants to use force.
Nobody wants to use or wear stuff made in wretched conditions.
Nobody wants to use the word tobacco.
Nobody wants to use their own money.
Nobody wants to visit a directory that returns useless results.
Nobody wants to visit a polluted city.
Nobody wants to wade through garbage to get to meaty messages.
Nobody wants to wait around to get married.
Nobody wants to wait for anything anymore.
Nobody wants to wait for huge image files to load.
Nobody wants to wait for the next gravy train to come by.
Nobody wants to wait forever to receive their goods that they are willing to pay for.
Nobody wants to wait.
Nobody wants to wake a sleeping baby.
Nobody wants to wake up and hear about crime for the whole hour.
Nobody wants to wake up and hear there's a recall.
Nobody wants to walk a mile before they reach their class.
Nobody wants to walk all the way to the library to get one book just to read the title page.
Nobody wants to wash cars on rainy days.
Nobody wants to waste bandwidth collecting and dispatching multiple copies of files.
Nobody wants to waste their time reading trivial, repetitive, or off-topic posts.
Nobody wants to waste time on outdated information and redundant sites.
Nobody wants to waste vitamins.
Nobody wants to watch a beautiful young couple play secondary, supporting players.
Nobody wants to watch a semipro ice hockey player try and skate on wheels and call it a pro sport.
Nobody wants to watch men's fencing either.
Nobody wants to watch the video alone.
Nobody wants to wear a dead man's glasses.
Nobody wants to win more than the players and coaches.
Nobody wants to wish a stroke on anybody.
Nobody wants to work anymore.
Nobody wants to work for a boss who takes all the credit and transfers all the blame.
Nobody wants to work for it anymore.
Nobody wants to work hard.
Nobody wants to work in such dangerous and demanding factory.
Nobody wants to work longer than necessary, but no one wants to make a mistake either.
Nobody wants to work with a whiner.
Nobody wants to work with an operator with an attitude.
Nobody wants to work with embryo cells in the long-term.
Nobody wants to work.
Nobody wants to, so most people put on screen protectors in hopes of preventing the scratches.
Nobody wants to.
Nobody wants today to be the last day of the season.
Nobody wants trees that are harder to process or plants that are harder to digest.
Nobody wants trucks of nuclear waste passing near their homes.
Nobody wants truly impaired drivers on the road.
Nobody wants turkey and gravy anymore.
Nobody wants two-tapers anymore.
Nobody wants U.S. beef to be next.
Nobody wants uninterested people to plan a wedding because it takes away the excitement.
Nobody wants unnecessary trouble, so cancel the Belfast date.
Nobody wants video that looks like a cheesy little security video.
Nobody wants war.
Nobody wants what everybody else can have.
Nobody wants yesterday's medicine.
Nobody warms the bench.
Nobody watches in the woods to report misbehavior, so it is here where people do as they wish.
Nobody watches it.
Nobody watches TV anymore.
Nobody watches, nobody cares.
Nobody waters it, but it grows strong and sturdy.
Nobody wears an overcoat.
Nobody wears fool's-gold medals to the Olympics.
Nobody wears helments here because the cars are so respectful of bikes.
Nobody wears shiny boots like that now.
Nobody wears shoes here.
Nobody wears shoes.
Nobody wears that anymore.
Nobody wears the body suits.
Nobody welcomes good news, or freedom, or joy by feeling guilty about it.
Nobody welcomes novel ideas more than the libertarians.
Nobody wells up out of the sea like that, particularly dressed in a snazzy three piece suit.
Nobody willingly gives up, all the pleasures of the past.
Nobody willingly produces in the prospect of loss.
Nobody wins a divorce.
Nobody wins a game by just being better than all the other contestants.
Nobody wins a liquid nitrogen fight.
Nobody wins a nuclear war.
Nobody wins all the time.
Nobody wins and everybody loses.
Nobody wins any games on National Signing Day.
Nobody wins any war.
Nobody wins anything through terrorism.
Nobody wins by being there.
Nobody wins by deceit.
Nobody wins by trying to even the score.
Nobody wins conversations.
Nobody wins elections nowadays on grand international gestures.
Nobody wins forever.
Nobody wins here, and everybody is a tragic figure.
Nobody wins here.
Nobody wins if one community wins and one community loses.
Nobody wins in a war.
Nobody wins in war.
Nobody wins or loses.
Nobody wins that way.
Nobody wins unless everybody wins.
Nobody wins when children see their computers primarily as toys.
Nobody wins when Fargo is involved.
Nobody wins when that happens.
Nobody wins when there is an accident.
Nobody wins when there's peace.
Nobody wins with proportionality quotas.
Nobody wins with random doodles, kids.
Nobody wins, everyone loses.
Nobody wins, except the casino.
Nobody wins, least of all the consumer.
Nobody wins, nobody loses.
Nobody wins, the whole nation suffers.
Nobody wishes to admit that.
Nobody wishes to change their employment if they feel comfortable at their employment.
Nobody wishes to die.
Nobody wonders about anything any more.
Nobody working in Oregon can expect any benefit from a claim to have First Amendment rights.
Nobody works at the same pace everyday for a thousand different reasons.
Nobody works by fireworks Everybody has money to burn.
Nobody works every day of every week of every year.
Nobody works for free.
Nobody works harder and cares more.
Nobody works harder at both ends of the court.
Nobody works harder in practice.
Nobody works harder on and off the court.
Nobody works harder shift in and shift out.
Nobody works harder to protect our children.
Nobody works here.
Nobody works in a vacuum.
Nobody works in an academic library to get rich.
Nobody works in here.
Nobody works longer, for less reward.
Nobody works more effectively.
Nobody works that hard for something.
Nobody works well in a cluttered workspace.
Nobody works, everyone sits around all day, and the buildings slowly rot.
Nobody worries about cholesterol.
Nobody worries about endangered cows.
Nobody worries about fat when they eat a chili burger.
Nobody worries about how it's done, they just enjoy it.
Nobody worries about it when the weatherman gets it wrong.
Nobody worries about the place being shut down any time soon though.
Nobody worries about the post-game party being spoiled.
Nobody worries about upsetting a droid.
Nobody worries whether the blokes are the right blokes.
Nobody wraps manuscript boxes.
Nobody writes about that.
Nobody writes about the first mothers.
Nobody writes about the joy of war.
Nobody writes any specific essay perfectly the first time.
Nobody writes anything anymore, they just steal something they've seen.
Nobody writes anything for awhile and then it gets going again.
Nobody writes books about women in the Midwest.
Nobody writes business plans anymore.
Nobody writes here.
Nobody writes in a vacuum and is influenced by the writing they read.
Nobody writes legibly anymore, but the letters sure look bold and indelible.
Nobody writes letters anymore.
Nobody writes poorly deliberately.
Nobody writes songs about requited love.
Nobody writes with more flair.
Nobody yet has a compelling answer for that.
Nobody yet has a non-invasive way of making a road map of the brain.
Nobody yet has everything, everywhere, at the right price.
Nobody yet is the dominant player.
Nobody yet knows how the human memory works.
Nobody yet knows the full cost of the disaster.
Nobody yet knows the speed limit.
Nobody yet knows what caused the crash.
Nobody yet knows, however, whether the halt is permanent or merely a pause.
Nobody yet knows.
Nobody's a bishop.
Nobody's a natural.
Nobody's a one-trick pony.
Nobody's a passive observer in the sacrament.
Nobody's a rhythm guitar player anymore.
Nobody's a snob.
Nobody's a winner in a war.
Nobody's above the constitution.
Nobody's above the law.
Nobody's actually from here Fast reloading lanes available The really long state.
Nobody's actually from here.
Nobody's afraid to say anything.
Nobody's against punishing people for a crime.
Nobody's against that part.
Nobody's against the use of uncoerced, voluntary confessions.
Nobody's all good or all bad.
Nobody's an idiot up here.
Nobody's an island, so sail on by.
Nobody's as important as the actors.
Nobody's at all sure what causes gamma ray bursts.
Nobody's at the phone booths.
Nobody's at their best when they're forced to coddle a jealous lover.
Nobody's awful anymore.
Nobody's bad, nobody's great.
Nobody's be different.
Nobody's better than anyone else.
Nobody's Better Than Ezra -Well, duh.
Nobody's big on the internet.
Nobody's bigger than the game of golf.
Nobody's blind to the fact that other teams cheat.
Nobody's bouncin' to their Good Morning Boom.
Nobody's confused, nobody's concerned.
Nobody's crazy anymore.
Nobody's dead, thank god.
Nobody's deep enough to lose that many players and overcome it.
Nobody's desirous of convicting an innocent person.
Nobody's down in the nil by mouth.
Nobody's entitled to votes.
Nobody's even a close second.
Nobody's even qualified to have an opinion on a slogan without watching the accompanying videos.
Nobody's even sure what the time-scale is going to be, which makes it doubly difficult.
Nobody's ever dismissive of somebody for being too tall.
Nobody's ever ready for death, especially with someone so young.
Nobody's ever ready for it, and it overwhelms anyone whom it directly affects.
Nobody's exactly sure what's in it, but it seems to be pretty high-quality.
Nobody's exactly sure.
Nobody's exempt from that.
Nobody's expecting it, so everybody's elsewhere.
Nobody's fast is anyone else's business.
Nobody's flipped out or hung up, so there's a lot of laughter in the cars.
Nobody's for child labor.
Nobody's four deep in any one position, let alone two.
Nobody's free until everybody's free.
Nobody's goddamn perfect.
Nobody's going to want to do it if that happens, so then they'd stop doing it.
Nobody's happy about it.
Nobody's happy and everybody's narcissism runs wild as they talk each other's heads off.
Nobody's happy here.
Nobody's happy living in Sudan.
Nobody's happy thats for sure.
Nobody's happy with having to walk or ride a bike in the streets.
Nobody's happy with support to begin with, and it's tougher when it's remote.
Nobody's happy with the way it came out.
Nobody's happy with traffic congestion.
Nobody's here .
Nobody's here on earth for that long a time.
Nobody's here to win, there's nothing to win.
Nobody's home to take deliveries anymore.
Nobody's hungry in our city.
Nobody's hurtin' nobody.
Nobody's immune from aging.
Nobody's immune from attack.
Nobody's immune from scrutiny when grumpy retail investors are on the prowl.
Nobody's immune to cyber fever.
Nobody's immune to getting their ass kicked.
Nobody's in a hurry.
Nobody's in charge, just as the same as peak hour every other day.
Nobody's in charge.
Nobody's in court arguing for the right to copy movies.
Nobody's in double digits.
Nobody's in jail yet.
Nobody's in the mood to hear any belching.
Nobody's in the town.
Nobody's in the way.
Nobody's in town .
Nobody's interested in sweetness and light.
Nobody's interested in that.
Nobody's interested in the truth.
Nobody's is the same.
Nobody's just a face in the crowd.
Nobody's like an in-law.
Nobody's little brother when it comes to strength.
Nobody's lonely till somebody's gone.
Nobody's long enough.
Nobody's looking, so let's talk.
Nobody's loyal anymore.
Nobody's lucky till love comes along.
Nobody's mature at that age.
Nobody's more demanding when it comes to a service department than a new car manufacturer.
Nobody's more impatient than baseball people.
Nobody's nervous, of course.
Nobody's normal-whatever that is.
Nobody's on second.
Nobody's opposed to fighting cyber-crime.
Nobody's original anymore.
Nobody's out of it.
Nobody's out of pocket.
Nobody's outstanding, but generally they get into the spirit.
Nobody's particularly witty.
Nobody's perfect . . .
Nobody's perfect No company is perfect, of course, and messages get mixed.
Nobody's perfect, after all.
Nobody's perfect, and everybody slips up now and then.
Nobody's perfect, and nobody cares.
Nobody's perfect, and unpaid hobbyists are probably among the least perfectionist of all.
Nobody's perfect, as the saying goes.
Nobody's perfect, but some are special.
Nobody's perfect, however, or above criticism.
Nobody's perfect, however.
Nobody's perfect, it's true.
Nobody's perfect, or even close.
Nobody's perfect, so none of the services achieve that.
Nobody's perfect, they generously observe.
Nobody's perfect, though.
Nobody's perfect, ya know.
Nobody's perfect. . . .
Nobody's positive that's even going to come out.
Nobody's proud of it, it's just part of the game.
Nobody's quaking and shivering.
Nobody's quite sure when.
Nobody's quite sure.
Nobody's ready to panic about it, though.
Nobody's really a prospect among the reinforcements.
Nobody's really black.
Nobody's really certain yet.
Nobody's really close.
Nobody's really creative anymore.
Nobody's really ever a brand-new artist.
Nobody's really happy with that lot.
Nobody's really sure where their home ground is.
Nobody's really sure who the collected data is shared with.
Nobody's really sure.
Nobody's really the biggest pessimist.
Nobody's really too far out of it in any stretch right now.
Nobody's really white.
Nobody's really worried about it.
Nobody's right if everybody's wrong.
Nobody's right till somebody's wrong.
Nobody's safe when there's random violence.
Nobody's secure here.
Nobody's selfish at all.
Nobody's sick right now.
Nobody's sled is perfect.
Nobody's sorry, anymore.
Nobody's starving, they argue.
Nobody's sure exactly how much oil is under the refuge.
Nobody's sure how much oil is under the refuge.
Nobody's sure what's going on.
Nobody's sure what's going to happen.
Nobody's sure why.
Nobody's sure, and ice core records are rare.
Nobody's that clever.
Nobody's that close.
Nobody's that crazy.
Nobody's that dense.
Nobody's that good, no matter what.
Nobody's that good.
Nobody's that lucky.
Nobody's that nuts about nuts.
Nobody's that perfect.
Nobody's that safe.
Nobody's that stupid.
Nobody's the next anybody.
Nobody's the next rock icon here.
Nobody's the same.
Nobody's the target of brutal hate jokes.
Nobody's the wiser.
Nobody's There .
Nobody's there now though.
Nobody's there yet.
Nobody's to blame.
Nobody's too busy to miss out on that vote.
Nobody's too flashy about doing it.
Nobody's too old, either.
Nobody's too young to start saving for retirement.
Nobody's very good looking.
Nobody's very interested in anybody's spouse anyway.
Nobody's weak till somebody's strong.
Nobody's willing to give up pitching, no matter how inexperienced.
Nobody's worried about getting something done in two minutes.
Nobody's worried about their stats.
Nobody usually notices when leaders of students' unions in UK universities ban things.
NOBS members are an exciting bunch, loving bunch, talented and committed bunch.
Nocardia bacteria are common saprophytes in the soil and water.
Nocardia infection shows both suppurative and granulomatous features.
Nocardia species are aerobic gram-positive bacilli commonly found in soil and decaying plant matter.
Nociceptive pain is caused by damage to tissue.
Nociceptive pain is pain.
Nociceptive pain means pain caused by an injury or disease outside the nervous system.
NOCpulse services are expensive.
Noctiluca dinoflagellate is called 'night light'.
Noctilucent cloud is an unusual phenomenon of the Earth's upper-atmosphere.
Noctilucent clouds become visible after sunset.
Noctilucent clouds look similar to cirrus clouds.
A noctuid moth is a moth
Noctuid moths migrate using the moon as a primary reference point.
Some noctuid moths use the moon light for their migration.
A noctuid is a moth
Many noctuids have larvae which are serious agricultural pests.
Noctural enuresis is involuntary urination at night, commonly known as bed wetting.
Noctural lemurs are typically smaller and more reclusive than their diurnal counterparts.
Nocturnal activities have advantage.
Nocturnal activities have distinct advantage.
Nocturnal activity enables species to avoid daytime extremes in temperature.
Most nocturnal activities have advantage.
Most nocturnal activities have distinct advantage.
Nocturnal adults look like a cross between a cicada and a moth.
Nocturnal animals are a favorite to read and learn about.
Nocturnal animals are active at night.
Nocturnal animals are active by night and sleep during the day.
Nocturnal animals are animals.
Nocturnal animals are awake at night and asleep during the day.
Nocturnal animals are more active just after dark and just before dawn.
Nocturnal animals are up and active.
Nocturnal animals are usually active during the night.
Nocturnal animals become prey.
Nocturnal animals begin to wake up and move around.
Nocturnal animals can have big eyes and even bigger ears.
Nocturnal animals climb out after dark.
Nocturnal animals do come out during the day.
Nocturnal animals do it the other way round .
Nocturnal animals do it the other way round.
Nocturnal animals have a structure in which human lack called tapetum.
Nocturnal animals have eyes.
Nocturnal animals have larger corneas iii.
Nocturnal animals have proportionally larger eyes than humans do.
Nocturnal animals have specialized pupils to shut out damaging bright light.
Nocturnal animals hunt for food.
Nocturnal animals look for food.
Nocturnal animals rely on senses.
Nocturnal animals seen during the day are likely to be sick or injured.
Nocturnal animals take center stage.
Nocturnal animals tend to have larger eyes for better night vision.
Nocturnal animals tend to have proportionally bigger eyes than diurnal animals and human beings do.
Nocturnal animals use senses.
Most nocturnal animals become prey.
Most nocturnal animals have big eyes and pupils that let in as much light as possible.
Most nocturnal animals have eyes.
Most nocturnal animals look for food.
Most nocturnal animals rely on senses.
Most nocturnal animals use senses.
Some nocturnal animals avoid heat.
Some nocturnal animals come out at nights.
Some nocturnal animals have eyes that can see the infrared light produced by their prey or enemies.
Some nocturnal animals hide in crevices.
Some nocturnal animals hide in holes.
Some nocturnal animals hide in moist crevices.
Some nocturnal animals leave burrows.
Some nocturnal animals live on slopes.
Nocturnal asthma is an example of a waking disorder which is typically exacerbated by sleep.
Nocturnal asthma is defined as any sleep-related worsening of reversible airway disease.
Some nocturnal bats eat fruit.
Nocturnal bees visit plants.
Most nocturnal bees visit plants.
Nocturnal beetles have incredibly large eyes so they can see well in the dark.
Some nocturnal behavior provides advantage.
Some nocturnal behavior provides certain advantage.
Nocturnal cats use keen sight.
Nocturnal cats use sight.
Most nocturnal cats use keen sight.
Most nocturnal cats use sight.
Some nocturnal cats found here are the leopard cat, jungle cat and fishing cat.
Nocturnal creatures are active during the hours of darkness and sleep during daylight.
Nocturnal creatures come out to hunt at night, but sleep in caves during the day.
Nocturnal creatures feed on insects.
Nocturnal creatures feed on small insects.
Nocturnal creatures have ability.
Nocturnal creatures have poor sight.
Nocturnal creatures have sight.
Nocturnal creatures live on diets.
Nocturnal creatures look for food.
Nocturnal creatures lurk in every shadow.
Nocturnal creatures reside in burrows.
Nocturnal creatures search for food.
Most nocturnal creatures feed on insects.
Most nocturnal creatures feed on small insects.
Most nocturnal creatures have ability.
Most nocturnal creatures have poor sight.
Most nocturnal creatures have sight.
Most nocturnal creatures live on diets.
Most nocturnal creatures look for food.
Most nocturnal creatures reside in burrows.
Most nocturnal creatures search for food.
Some nocturnal creatures come out at nights.
Nocturnal diarrhea is unusual.
Nocturnal eaters tend to have poor sleep habits.
Nocturnal eating is primarily a problem in infancy.
Nocturnal enuresis is incontinence that occurs during sleep.
Nocturnal enuresis is more common in boys than in girls.
Nocturnal enuresis is the medical term for bed-wetting.
Nocturnal enuresis is the medical term for urinating during sleep .
Nocturnal enuresis is the most common form of incontinence in children.
Nocturnal erections are a normal component of REM sleep.
Some nocturnal feeders have diets.
Nocturnal fish tend to have larger eyes then diurnal fish.
Nocturnal flowers are three and a half inches in size.
Nocturnal golfers enjoy swinging nightclubs.
Nocturnal hunters eat prey.
Nocturnal hunters feed on large prey.
Nocturnal hunters feed on prey.
Nocturnal hunters have diets.
Nocturnal hunters have vary diets.
Nocturnal hunters search for prey.
Most nocturnal hunters eat prey.
Most nocturnal hunters feed on large prey.
Most nocturnal hunters feed on prey.
Most nocturnal hunters have diets.
Most nocturnal hunters search for prey.
Nocturnal hypotension seems to be an important precipitating factor in the susceptible patient.
Nocturnal insect species diversity in a cloud forest ecoystem in Panama.
Nocturnal insects begin life.
Most nocturnal insects begin life.
Some nocturnal insects make up diets.
Nocturnal lemurs feed on fruit.
Most nocturnal lemurs feed on fruit.
Some nocturnal lemurs feed on insect larvae.
Some nocturnal lemurs feed on larvae.
Some nocturnal lifestyle contributes to development.
Some nocturnal lizards have adhesive pads.
Some nocturnal lizards have adhesive toe pads.
Some nocturnal lizards have pads.
Some nocturnal lizards have slit pupils, others are round.
Some nocturnal lizards have toe pads.
Nocturnal mammals belong to families.
Nocturnal mammals have large well-developed eyes.
Nocturnal mammals inhabit areas.
Nocturnal mammals inhabit forest areas.
Nocturnal mammals patrol territory.
Most nocturnal mammals belong to families.
Most nocturnal mammals inhabit areas.
Most nocturnal mammals inhabit forest areas.
Some nocturnal mammals feed on insects.
Some nocturnal mammals live in burrows.
Nocturnal marsupials care Nocturnal marsupials care Sugar gliders are nocturnal marsupials.
Nocturnal migrants minimize predation, avoid overheating, and can feed during the day.
Nocturnal myoclonus is involuntary jerking that occurs during sleep.
Nocturnal myoclonus is repetitive stereotypic leg movements.
Nocturnal omnivores have diets.
Most nocturnal omnivores have diets.
Nocturnal owls use bills.
Some nocturnal owls feed on insects.
Nocturnal pain occurs in the low back only at night while recumbent.
Nocturnal paresthesia is characteristic.
Nocturnal people are superior.
Nocturnal pollinators produce somewhat less fruit set than diurnal pollinators.
Nocturnal primates are primarly active at night.
Nocturnal professors are just the reverse.
Some nocturnal prosimians inhabit parts of Africa and Asia.
Nocturnal pruritus is a highly characteristic complaint associated with scabies infestation.
Nocturnal pruritus is characteristic of scabies infestation.
Many nocturnal pythons use heat sensitive pits in their lower jaw to locate warm-blooded prey.
Nocturnal raccoons move through the swamp, too, as evidenced by their five-clawed footprints.
Nocturnal reptiles are most active on above average temperature nights during the summer months.
Nocturnal reptiles live in cold temperate zones.
Nocturnal reptiles live in temperate zones.
Nocturnal reptiles live in zones.
Most nocturnal reptiles live in cold temperate zones.
Most nocturnal reptiles live in temperate zones.
Most nocturnal reptiles live in zones.
Nocturnal safaris are also possible.
Nocturnal seizures are very uncommon and their mechanisms poorly understood.
Nocturnal snakes prefer to do their hunting after the sun goes down.
Nocturnal species are more tolerant to low temperatures in comparison with diurnal species.
Nocturnal species are normally larger.
Nocturnal symptoms occur more than twice a month.
Nocturnal symptoms seen with carpal tunnel syndrome are typically absent.
Nocturnal trips are typical for the bigger, offshore mangrove snapper.
Nocturnal walks reveal another dimension of rain forest life.
A nocturne is a piece
Nocturnes get no respect.
Nocturnes is quite soothing at night.
Nod factor spreads through the soil and is soon detected by the root that sent out the flavonoid.
NOD forces control everything in the eastern three-quarters of the map.
Nod is motion
Nod isa movement.
NODs identify and request that the applicant provide any missing information.
Nodal conjunctions are important.
Nodal derivatives are with respect to the arc length of the corresponding element edge.
Nodal functions execute on each parallel node.
Nodal planes are flat and extend infinitely in two dimensions.
Nodal positions are unconscious .
Nodal positions are unconscious.
Nodal roots are secondary roots that arise from belowground nodes.
Nodal tissue has the characteristics of both muscle and nerve.
A nodding onion is a wild onion
Nodding onions are excellent wild plants for dry interior gardens.
Nodding onions make excellent garden plants for dry sunny sites.
Nodding trilliums are usually white.
Node types are now class constants defined in class Node.
Some node types can have children.
Some node types have additional fields which are given below.
A node is a point
Node isa shape.
NODE wins hands down here for simplicity and going to the heart of the modern sense.
Nodes abort their transmission as soon as they detect a collision.
Nodes act as in-series filters for lymph carried in lymphatic vessels.
Nodes allow internal loads from one element to be transferred to another element.
Nodes also contain information about their relationship to each other.
Nodes also produce corpuscles.
Nodes also produce shoots that can produce new plants.
Nodes also represent the balancing of a polarity across the horoscope.
Nodes are abstractions of various real-world objects and concepts.
Nodes are approx.
Nodes are computers.
Nodes are connections.
Nodes are containers of attributes and other nodes.
Nodes are control points situated at the edges of vector objects.
Nodes are crossbar switches capable of connecting any input to one or more outputs.
Nodes are crossbar switches, capable of connecting any input to any or to many outputs.
Nodes are devices that have network interfaces.
Nodes are either standard nodes or boundary nodes.
Nodes are failure independent.
Nodes are far less permanent, and much more violent.
Nodes are field containers .
Nodes are fixed-size arrays of capabilities.
Nodes are generally street intersection points.
Nodes are green or purplish.
Nodes are important when propagating plants by stem cuttings.
Nodes are in no particular order within a given level.
Nodes are intermediate nodes.
Nodes are junction points in the network .
Nodes are negative.
Nodes are on and off the network frequently which can invalidate addresses on the built-in list.
Nodes are part of computer networks.
Nodes are passive repositories of information.
Nodes are people and devices.
Nodes are places to which people are drawn by shopping, dining, entertainment, etc.
Nodes are points in space that have zero probability for locating an electron there.
Nodes are points where an orbit crosses a plane.
Nodes are points.
Nodes are positions where the wave function is equal to zero.
Nodes are positions.
Nodes are scaleable to arbitrary sizes.
Nodes are simply the places on any vector shape where a change in direction takes place.
Nodes are slightly reddish purple, wings are prominent and double.
Nodes are slightly swollen and green with green internodes and waved wings.
Nodes are slightly swollen and green, the internodes have a slight reddish-purple pigmentation.
Nodes are somewhat swollen and reddish.
Nodes are spatial interruptions of ordinariness in rural life.
Nodes are spheres, cones or cylinders whose color changes according to their level in the hierarchy.
Nodes are strategic spots in the city where observers can enter.
Nodes are subject to an applied force by other nodes within the space.
Nodes are the basic building blocks of scenes listed as a scene graph.
Nodes are the computers that users access.
Nodes are the end points of any kind of line or line-like feature.
Nodes are the end points of the arcs and the other points along the line are called shape points.
Nodes are the end systems and fabric is the collection of switching elements.
Nodes are the individual systems within the Net.
Nodes are the places where new growth happens in a grass plant.
Nodes are the points where leaves join to the stem.
Nodes are the primary anchor points, the major intersections, in the rural lifescape.
Nodes are the result of the meeting of a crest with a trough.
Nodes are the stopping points or the gathering points along the paths of the rural area.
Nodes are the things, the centers of activity.
Nodes are the various endpoints on a network, connected together to form a network.
Nodes are the weakest part of the bamboo.
Nodes are usually less than an inch apart along the stem.
Nodes are usually red.
Nodes become unused only when the user starts to descend down the hierarchy.
Nodes belong to categories, identified by labels.
Nodes bridge the spine to massage back muscles and apply pressure for deep massage.
Nodes can be junctions and edges can be segments of a road or a pipeline.
Nodes can be junctions and edges can be segments of a road.
Nodes can be nationally, regionally, or locally deployed.
Nodes can be processors, controllers, or workstations.
Nodes can be shapes, properties, transformations, cameras, and lights.
Nodes can be subdirectories, or file descriptors.
Nodes can change position, have contents changed, or be deleted.
Nodes can compute in parallel.
Nodes can contain functions, data, or other nodes.
Nodes can contain text, images, sound, or animations.
Nodes can have order, and that order can also affect the objects in the scene.
Nodes can join the system at any time.
Nodes can leave and join the group during the computation.
Nodes can now expand and collapse.
Nodes can participate in multiple domains.
Nodes can represent an element, textual content, an attribute, etc.
Nodes carry occurrence probabilities of the characters belonging to the subtree.
Nodes come in various sizes and can be combined differently for downstream and upstream use.
Nodes communicate by dropping objects into the database, which other nodes can then extract.
Nodes communicate via a heartbeat over an IP link.
Nodes communicate with each other across one of the subnetworks to which both belong.
Nodes communicate with one another using a common protocol.
Nodes connect one ancestor with two descendant groups.
Nodes connected by dotted lines are order interchangeable node sets.
Nodes contain conceptually related ideas.
Nodes contain fields and events .
Nodes contain fields, and events.
Nodes contain values and operators.
Nodes correspond to processors and edges correspond to two-way channels.
Nodes create an object that references where the content or application is located.
Nodes created in a temporary class are visible only to expressions also evaluated within the braces.
Nodes define the location of the endpoints of every line.
Nodes describe shapes, light, sounds, etc.
Nodes determine their addresses dynamically the first time that power is applied.
Nodes determine when the network is available for sending packets.
Nodes establish and maintain the network without user intervention.
Nodes fail and throughput drops dramatically as two things occur.
Nodes have a special place in astrology and particularly in spiritual astrology.
Nodes have certain characteristics.
Nodes have fields which define what actual values the node has associated with it.
Nodes have fields, which are just places to put stuff.
Nodes have some further characteristics.
Nodes have three statuses.
Nodes inform OPER of the success of respective preparation.
Nodes multilacunar .
Nodes multilacunar with several leaf traces.
Nodes now become authoritative for only events that origionated at the node.
Nodes now clip text instead of shrinking it.
Nodes provide flexibility in location, density and type of service offered.
Nodes range from six to ten.
Nodes repel each other, whilst links provide an attractive force.
Nodes represent a single piece of data in the tree, and provide all of the popular tree operations.
Nodes represent certain documents.
Nodes represent concepts and links represent the relations between concepts.
Nodes represent locations, while arcs represent the adjacency relationships between the locations.
Nodes represent modules, and boxes around the modules represent module groups.
Nodes represent operations which are called actors .
Nodes represent SR endpoints.
Nodes represent the individual agents and edges define their interconnection.
Nodes represent units in the network, while edges represent the interactions between the units.
Nodes representing atomic values are leaves and are labelled with the atomic value.
Nodes result from destructive interference.
Nodes run a hierarchical testing strategy, which is a hypercube when all nodes are fault-free.
Nodes send a request for a cell to upstream nodes.
Nodes stand for fuzzy sets or events that occur to some degree.
Nodes stay connected for only the period of time necessary to transfer the messages.
Nodes stay connected when moved.
Nodes store the index categories constructed by the user.
Nodes turn black when selected with the cursor.
Nodes use context info to instantly and safely restart after bus reset conditions.
Nodes often have a blue to reddish- purple color.
All node have some common properties and some properties which are overriden for specific objects.
All nodes allocate an update queue for all the other nodes, including the local node.
All nodes are candidate origin and destination points.
All nodes are dual-processor systems.
All nodes are equivalent.
All nodes are identical.
All nodes are reachable and all symbols are reducable.
All nodes are roughly equal communication distance apart.
All nodes are unique categories.
All nodes attached to a multipoint subinterface belong to the same network number.
All nodes begin to update their internal routing tables.
All nodes can perform the same function.
All nodes can see the packets.
All nodes can simultaneously perform such calls to enter local matrices in global objects.
All nodes can simultaneously perform such calls to enter local vectors in global objects.
All nodes can sort their children in a variety of ways.
All nodes contain the exact same number of entres.
All nodes have a name attached which uniquely represents that node.
All nodes have demands which can be satisfied by the depot.
All nodes have direct access to storage.
All nodes have enough lcons for ungrouping.
All nodes have identical sets of outgoing arrow labels.
All nodes have local scratch storage.
All nodes have no global significance until they are associated with a higher-level system.
All nodes have one or more ports.
All nodes having hidden descendants appear with asterisk.
All Nodes interact with the database regularly, entering data, conducting searches and so on.
All nodes provide both functions in some manner.
All nodes run the same program but calculate different parts of the data.
All nodes support introspection operations on their fields.
All nodes then execute paroff and quit and the simulation is over.
All nodes turn red when activated.
All nodes use the same file pointer.
Any node can be a client and publish.
Any node can be a member of, at most one pairing.
Any node can have any number of any succeding node.
Any node can put information onto the network.
Any node can use the full data rate.
Every node usually maintains a distance vector.
Every node can become idle, ie.
Every node can contain a shortcut to an action, like cloning itself or displaying another page.
Every node can have up to three links, as well as a binary string.
Every node can have zero or more parents.
Every node contains one separate bit of information for every path.
Every node has a popup menu associated with it.
Every node has a reference monitor, through which all accesses to node resources occur.
Every node has a set of local variables whose contents specify the local state of the node.
Every node has an identifier for each direct connection.
Every node has at most two children.
Every node is administered by some authority.
Every node is an interval except for the L-node .
Every node is as addressable as every other node.
Every node is colored either red or black.
Every node is connected to every other node with some strength.
Every node is explain in deep and some tips and tricks of the pro are given.
Every node is in at least one tree.
Every node is reachable from the initial node via a path of zero or more arrows.
Every node refers to as many as two other nodes in the tree.
Every node represents a transformation of the data, every edge represents an intermediate state.
Every node reserves an area of memory to store incoming messages.
Many nodes act as redistribution centres to national research institutes.
Many nodes also have a debugging state, which is used during development and testing.
Many nodes can tap into the bus and begin communication with all other nodes on that cable segment.
Many nodes have exclusive rights for their locations and countries.
Many nodes own some of the the target entries in the linear algebra object.
More nodes can be counterproductive.
More nodes means shorter wave length and higher energy.
Most nodes also have descriptive textual names called object descriptors .
Most nodes contain a move as a property.
Most nodes have one or more children .
Some nodes allow any kind or most kinds of return types.
Some nodes also implement other, more specialized interfaces.
Some nodes are already so equipped.
Some nodes can contain an infinite number of other nodes.
Some nodes can have a pre- fixed position.
Some nodes have extensive databases available.
Some nodes have fields that are exposed .
Some nodes have many neighbors in common.
Some nodes have similar facilities, but the name and commands probably are different.
Some nodes have whorls.
Some nodekit parts are lists of parts.
Nodeless construction allows the rodmaker to view the culm differently.
Nodine soils are fine-loamy.
Nodine soils have rock fragments that are dominantly chert and sandstone.
Nodular acne can result in permanent scarring.
Nodular acne is the most severe form of inflammatory acne.
Nodular chert is common.
Nodular goiter remains one of the great enigmas of thyroid disease.
Nodular goiters are a common result of maternal iodine deficiency.
Nodular lesions have the typical appearance of focal tumor growths.
Nodular melanoma arises directly in the vertical growth phase with dermal invasion.
Nodular melanoma is the most aggressive form of malignant melanoma.
Nodular melanomas are aggressive tumours and occur in a slightly younger age group.
Nodular melanomas are more penetrating than superficial melanomas.
Nodular melanomas are rare but deadly invasive melanocytic tumors.
Nodular melanomas are the second most common form of melanoma.
Nodular melanomas tend to grow rapidly, over the course of several months.
Nodule activity is sacrificed.
A nodule is a node
Nodules actively fixing nitrogen for the plant are pink or red inside.
Nodules affect the whole skin, the subcutaneous tissue and sometimes the musculature.
Nodules appear pink to brown or red.
Nodules are a dense mass of fibroblasts and collagen encircled by small vessels.
Nodules are aggregates of hemocytes that entrap invading microbes.
Nodules are benign growths on the vocal folds that usually result from vocal abuse or misuse.
Nodules are deeper and more substantive than papules.
Nodules are diseases.
Nodules are firm or hard and cold and painful.
Nodules are firm, tender, and domed.
Nodules are growths that form under the skin.
Nodules are larger than oolitic forms.
Nodules are more common in the cutaneous variant.
Nodules are nodes.
Nodules are often multiple and recurrence is common after excision.
Nodules are rare.
Nodules are responsilble for nitrogen fixation.
Nodules are structures on plants where nitrogen fixation is done by symbiotic bacteria.
Nodules are the most severe form of acne lesion.
Nodules are typically bilateral.
Nodules are very apparent on carefully dug soybeans.
Nodules burst and ooze serum, later hardening to form scabs.
Nodules can form in lungs surrounding spherules.
Nodules consist mainly of collagen fibers surrounding one to several adult worms.
Nodules develop on tender tissue of hair roots rather than corky tissue of older roots.
Nodules grow around the root, forming a collar-like structure.
Nodules have to maintain just the right amount of oxygen.
Nodules lack evident, orderly, internal organization.
Nodules leave scars.
Nodules occur when the control of cell growth within the nodule is abnormal.
Nodules seem to easily form around objects.
Nodules vary from a few millimeters to a few centimeters.
Nodules sometimes do show stress - normally on the very sm all nodules.
All nodules seen on chest x-ray are cancerous.
Many nodules are of similar size.
Most nodules are benign and cared for easily.
Most nodules produce no symptoms.
Some nodules are banded or cloudy, and one specimen was evenly banded with greenish and black bands.
Nodulocystic acne comprises a broad spectrum of clinical presentations.
Noesis also indexes several on-line journals in philosophy and two encyclopedias.
Noesis is an entity
Noesis is an index and search engine of philosophical content written by professional philosophers.
Noesis is another philosophy search engine.
Noesis is designed by the makers of Argos.
Noesis ovulates philosophy.
Noesis searches across a wide variety of resources, including a set of journals.
Noesis searches Noesis search for disagreement or pluralism .
Noetic magic is extremely difficult for the mundane mind to comprehend.
Noetic structures contain a index of depth of ingression.
Noetic time is defined by birth and death and by our linear life experiences.
Noetic vision sees the glass itself.
Noetic vision takes a look at life through a foreground of mind and consciousness.
Nofire textiles are also available for wraps and tape applications.
Noggin mutants suffer severe reduction in sclerotomal derivatives.
Noggin protein contains a group of amino acids that bear resemblance to certain protease inhibitors.
Noh masks are so important as to be considered the very core of noh.
NOIR sunglasses are available in many hues.
NOIS meetings occur once per month.
Noise abatement is also an important part of the competition.
Noise amplification is a problem, as for all maximum likelihood techniques.
Noise attenuation is accomplished by the use of an array of evenly distributed precision orifices.
Noise avoidance is likely important, but even here the story is complicated.
Noise barriers are solid obstructions built between the highway and the homes along the highway.
Noise categorization is complex, but falls into two major types, radiated and conducted.
Noise channel has a special 'looped noise' setting that allows it to produce a metallic sound.
Noise characteristics are another important question.
Noise characteristics vary from site to site, and from day to day.
Noise compensation Compare spectral subtraction and matched models results.
Most noise complaints arise from the use of stereos in urban areas.
Noise components are a primary determinant of the quality of an image.
Noise control is a major objective of the club.
Noise control is absolutely essential.
Noise control is an essential concern when designing a library.
Noise control is another possible avenue.
Noise control is fundamentally important to the success of any building for listening.
Noise control is important.
Noise control is up to the airports themselves.
Noise damage can occur at any age, including infancy.
Noise damage is very harmful to the understanding of speech.
Noise detection is an interesting research problem in itself.
Noise deterrents are often effective in cats.
Noise effect depends on the manner of data acquisition.
Noise effect is taken into account such that a scene can consist of noisy sub-parts of a model.
Noise exposure appears to be the culprit.
Noise exposure can also change as a result of the construction of new runways and runway extensions.
Noise exposure can cause hearing loss.
Noise exposure is an increasing concern among insurance companies and corporations.
Noise exposure is often responsible for loss of hearing, especially in the male population.
Noise exposure is the most common source of hearing loss.
Noise exposure occurs at home and leisure activities just as it does in the workplace.
Noise factors are an additional category, the mirror the customer's environment.
Noise factors cause variability in the function of products and processes.
Noise filters eliminate electromagnetic interference.
Noise floor is minimal.
Noise gate works fine and gives almost a noisless output even with the hard distortion patches.
Noise gates are basically automatic level controls.
Noise gates are great for getting rid of annoying extraneous sound.
Noise gates kill tone and cut off some great licks.
Noise generation is minimized in a number of ways.
Noise generator is definately a plus.
Noise immunity is achieved by incorporating concepts from robust statistics into the algorithm.
Noise injection is produced through special radiators fed by a distributing microstrip line.
Noise interference can cause information loss.
Noise isolation is much improved.
A noise level is amplitude
Noise level can get high.
Noise level is appropriate with smooth transitions from one task to another.
Noise level is at a maximum, especially when a cannon is fired.
Noise level is shown by multiplying the latter curve with a factor of a hundred.
Noise level is sometimes high.
Noise level is that of a manufacturing environment and is usually loud.
Noise level is to be kept at a minimum.
Noise level is too high.
Noise level needs to be taken into consideration.
Noise level remains moderately high, as with the other indoor portrait.
Noise levels are amplitude.
Noise levels are comfortably low, and the ride compliant.
Noise levels are good, and in terms of economy, the car records impressive figures.
Noise levels are greatest during the week.
Noise levels are high and attention spans are short.
Noise levels are high, but there's a positive energy that fills the room.
Noise levels are low compared to vehicles fitted with internal combustion engines.
Noise levels are low, lower than wind noises in nearby trees or ocean surf.
Noise levels are low.
Noise levels are to be kept at a minimum.
Noise levels are very idiosyncratic and mutable.
Noise levels are very low as well.
Noise levels are very low.
Noise levels are very very very low.
Noise levels are virtually the same.
Noise levels associated with the equipment are well below the requirement for hearing protection.
Noise levels can be a problem of significant concern in residence hall communities.
Noise levels can cause distress and hypertension.
Noise levels drop quickly with distance from the source.
Noise levels exceed permissible exposure levels.
Noise levels range from moderately quiet to very noisy.
Noise levels run from a low rumble to an all-out resounding chat fest.
Noise levels vary depending upon distance from the source.
Noise margin is a quantitative measure of a device s noise immunity.
Noise margin is designed into digital devices.
Noise mitigation can be a tremendous secondary benefit of freeway lids.
Noise mitigation needs to have real target numbers identified.
Noise modulation is inevitable.
Noise nuisance is much reduced and large airports can operate around the clock.
Noise ordinances come in many shapes.
Noise output is comparable to the original silencer.
Noise performance is reasonable.
Noise pollution can be a substantial issue with air-cooled chillers.
Noise pollution can be another problem.
Noise pollution can be overwhelming, and diminishes quality of life.
Noise pollution can cause ear problems or even permanent deafness , especially to older people .
Noise pollution can cause ear problems or even permanent deafness, especially to older people.
Noise pollution can have tremendous psychological effects on people.
Noise pollution can put the health of community members at risk.
Noise pollution creates problems.
Noise pollution disrupts the direction-finding abilities and reproductive systems of river dolphins.
Noise pollution is a major concern in today's market.
Noise pollution is addressed as but one of a plethora of environmental concerns.
Noise pollution is also a factor in the quality of life.
Noise pollution is an intrusion into the commons.
Noise pollution is another a serious issue in urban areas.
Noise pollution is another problem - whales use sound primarily to observe their world.
Noise pollution is documented to be the worst thing for stress and sickness.
Noise pollution is one example.
Noise pollution is one of the causes of headache so stay away from high sound.
Noise pollution is pollution
Noise pollution is pollution.
Noise pollution is still an issue, particularly in built-up areas.
Noise pollution is the direct result.
Noise pollution makes bells less effective today.
Noise pollution plagues many cities and national parks.
Most noise pollution creates problems.
Noise radiation is limited by control of the output current slew rate.
Noise reduction is accomplished with a wide-narrow noise blanker.
Noise reduction is an important part of the process.
Noise reduction is less dramatic with a full-face helmet, too.
Noise reduction varies from industrial ratings to hospital ratings.
Noise reduction works better that way.
Noise reduction works very well.
Noise regulations apply to all places of entertainment.
Noise restrictions constrain arrival and departure routes thereby exacerbating the delay problem.
Noise sensitivity is reduced and speed increased.
Noise sources can also come from exterior sources such as aircraft and highway traffic.
Noise sources considered include cross coupling noise, charge sharing noise and supply noise.
Noise sources represent unwanted environmental sounds.
Noise sources vary in digital cameras.
Noise spectrum is here .
Noise standards are the same across the United States.
Noise test is useful for detecting microphonic tubes.
Noise traders make their money more quickly.
Noise variance is the same for all subsets of inputs.
Noise voltage is independent of the individual resistor construction and material.
Noise walls are free-standing barriers built parallel to a highway.
Noise accompanies decompression.
Noise affects hearing and can result in several adverse physiological and psychological effects.
Noise affects human behavior.
Noise affects millions of people worldwide on a daily basis, especially children.
Noise affects people in several ways, from nature cause noise to artificial noise.
Noise appears as small, random variations in brightness or color.
Noise attracts attention.
Noise becomes something seen, something literally invasive of privacy.
Noise brings predators.
Noise carries better at night.
Noise carries easily from carrel to carrel.
Noise carries many properties with it including the number, size and speed of vehicles.
Noise causes multiple transitions.
Noise causes stress, and stress is a leading cause of illness and suicide.
Noise causes tension.
Noise comes from the Latin word nausea, originally meaning seasickness.
Noise consists of all unwanted sound - sound that is loud, unpleasant or unexpected.
Noise creates tension and therefore reduces productivity.
Noise dampening panels are available for stainless steel cages for only a few dollars each.
Noise depends on vehicle design, age, maintenance, operating speeds and track conditions.
Noise destroys everything.
Noise destroys many noise-sensing cells in the inner ear that no hearing aid can replace.
Noise diminishes our sense of civility, numbs compassion, and breeds aggression and hostility.
Noise disturbs our sense of place.
Noise downloads Few suggestion argued few any illness.
Noise enacts An order.
Noise equals music.
Noise equals party, and party equals chicks, and chicks equal clouds of loud, drunk guys.
Noise erupts daily from the migrant waterfowl inhabiting the freshwater marshes.
Noise exists in every area, where some sorts of energy of any kind occur.
Noise feel underneath the goose when was earn money with computer.
Noise feels like an intrusion, an attack.
Noise fills the gym like a helium tank fills a balloon.
Noise generated by an external source can often create disruption in electronic circuits.
Noise generated by tractors, harvesters, chain saws, and other equipment can cause hearing loss.
Noise generates errors.
Noise goes away several minutes after start up.
Noise increases it as well.
Noise interferes seriously with the efficiency of the worker.
Noise interferes with sleep.
Noise interferes with speech communication.
Noise introduces glitches and errors into executable programs and data files.
Noise is again a problem.
Noise is almost unbearable.
Noise is also of concern to the residents.
Noise is always a factor living in the dorms.
Noise is always what the others make.
Noise is better than silence.
Noise is better.
Noise is by far the greater demon and more difficult, compared to visibility, to control.
Noise is by far the greatest cause of neighbour disputes.
Noise is by far the major problem.
Noise is combination of intake and mechanical.
Noise is completely random.
Noise is cries.
Noise is everywhere at every time on every channel.
Noise is everywhere.
Noise is garbage perceptible to the ear.
Noise is garbage, and it is a particularly insidious form of garbage.
Noise is in general an irregular vibration in the air.
Noise is in pairwise steps due to the subtraction of successive pairs of frames.
Noise is in stark contrast to the disciplines of peace, meditation and contemplation.
Noise is inherent in a telephone system and can have many sources.
Noise is intermittent if there is a mix of relatively quiet periods and noisy.
Noise is larger for smaller patch areas but is smaller for increased model temperatures.
Noise is less noticeable when no one part of the audible spectrum is apparently dominant.
Noise is less than stock.
Noise is located in big cities.
Noise is located in carnivals.
Noise is located in casinos.
Noise is located in classrooms.
Noise is located in concerts.
Noise is located in crowds.
Noise is located in factories.
Noise is located in streets.
Noise is located in transmissions.
Noise is located in work.
Noise is of course the environmental issue of most concern to airport neighbours.
Noise is present both in the environment and in the sensory system of the observer.
Noise is present in all analog devices, but the digital domain is principally noise free.
Noise is probably the most health-damaging emission' at present.
Noise is so well isolated that whispering is required for conversation.
Noise is sound
Noise is sound.
Noise is trouble.
Noise is uncontrollable and largely unpredictable.
Noise is used for alerting.
Noise is used for warning.
Noise is usually present, and gaps in the salient lines can appear.
Noise is usually the result of unavoidable random electron motion in electronic devices.
Noise is waves.
Noise isa sound.
Noise limits all forms of communication, including vision.
Noise making shape sorters are cool.
Noise means life, silence means death.
Noise needs to be better controlled, especially the hum from the overhead paging system.
Noise negatively affects learning and behavior.
Noise never exists on the line, which leads to optimum and best performance with minimum errors.
Noise offends other users of the trail system.
Noise offers distraction, distortion and distress.
Noise plays a crucial role in communication systems.
Noise plays an interesting part in that pipeline of tools.
Noise prevents many people from operating fans.
Noise produced by animals and animal care activities is inherent in animal facilities.
Noise proves nothing .
Noise proves nothing.
Noise raises blood pressure without impairing auditory sensitivity.
Noise rather is a psychological problem than a scientific one.
Noise reduces an ADC's useful bits.
Noise refer to the signal level and noise level in dBm.
Noise refers to disturbances which take place in the communication process.
Noise refers to natural noises such as static.
Noise refers to unwanted electromagnetic waveforms which corrupt a message signal.
Noise resist near lots threat if calculate adult movies.
Noise resist near lots threat if calculate southpark movie.
Noise serves as a good example.
Noise shaping at the recording level can add real information.
Noise shows irregular wave patterns.
Noise sounds lighter.
Noise suppressing filters enhance the quality of the raw data.
Noise take Set onto inch toward that new baby gifts but enjoy of most hall.
Noise tests Some of the newer hand held fault tools measure noise levels on the cable.
Noise travels great distances across lakes.
Noise wipes out noise.
Noises are good to add too.
Noises are just that, noise.
Noises are likely to break the meditation effort.
Noises are sounds that someone or something makes.
Noises are subjective, too.
Noises can be beautiful.
Noises can damage hearing, too.
Noises can result from a narrowing of the nasal passage which generates a whistling noise.
Noises come in handy with cats, too.
Noises made by chevrotains include screams, an alarm bark, and a high chatter.
Noises seem especially to call it forth.
Noise always reduces the reliability of predictions in a very drastic way.
Noises often scare animals unnecessarily.
All noise ceases, replaced by overwhelming quiet.
All noise comes from the analog end of the connection.
All noise is waste.
All noise stops.
All noises are miscellaneous combinations of tones, unpleasant because they are unrelated.
Any noise annoyes an oyster, but an noisy noise annoys an oyster most.
Any noise annoys an oyster but a noisy noise annoys an oyster more.
Any noise carries successfully, thus an company past that shame rest.
Any noise made by the feathers is muffled by the tatty feathers on the rear of the wing.
Any noise pick up cancels out neatly.
Any noise source other than a fixed noise source.
More noise works best on rough surfaces, and in dark, murky, or densely structured water.
More noises come from nearby animals.
Most noise exposures at mining operations vary in level and frequency during a working shift.
Most noise is associated with the vibrations of a structure, or of surrounding structures.
Much noise follows.
Much noise is generated during the summer by neighbors partying, playing music too loud.
Some noise always exists on a phone line.
Some noise begins.
Some noise comes from bison.
Some noises are good.
Some noises are so loud they can cause immediate permanent damage.
Some noises can be unsettling to a toddler.
A noisemaker is a device
Noisemakers Put a few beans or marbles in an aluminum pie pan.
Noisy animals can create neighborhood arguments, resentment, etc.
Noisy behavior is inappropriate in an academic library.
Noisy birds use calls.
Most noisy birds use calls.
Some noisy birds have vocabulary.
Noisy breathing is the main sympton.
Noisy chaos reigns on the playground.
Noisy children are welcome.
Noisy children underfoot are a turn off for many people and distract from the business at hand.
Noisy classrooms impede learning for other children as well.
Noisy cockpits make communication between pilots difficult, increasing the potential for error.
Some noisy creatures become pets.
Noisy critics convene outside of the conference center.
Noisy devices can degrade power supply rails and can generate noise on grounds.
Noisy dissent violates etiquette during the days of wine and roses.
Noisy distractions can just add up to a lot of unnecessary frustration.
Noisy environments can cause hearing damage and health effects.
Noisy environments can lead to increased anxiety, hypertension, and fatigue.
Noisy fan can overpower weak internal speaker.
Noisy images increase error in locating pattern, part sizing, and other calculations.
Noisy lines can cause high-speed transmissions to error or even drop the line.
Noisy miners make louder alarm calls in noisier sections of urban environments, such as main roads.
Noisy neighbors are a nationwide epidemic.
Noisy neighbors are always bad news.
Noisy neighbors are in for a warning or even a fine.
Noisy neighbors can still disrupt studies, but the problems are much less frequent.
Noisy neighbours can be deeply offensive.
Noisy places provide camouflage, but take the kids outside if they act up.
Noisy power can cause erratic device behavior.
Noisy rooms are full of echo, reverberation and background clamor.
Noisy rooms can be full of echo, reverberation and background clamor.
Noisy scene parallels noise and movement at the archeological dig.
Noisy Shakers Make festive Purim noise makers using a bottle and rice.
Noisy signals can occur in any application, and especially in industrial environments.
Noisy talkers are already a pain in the ear.
Noisy tinnitus has a hissing or roaring quality.
Noisy toys can hurt children's hearing.
Noisy turkeys dismount from their lofty roosts, calling their places, forming their groups.
Noisybridge style is definitely classic and refined, yet smooth and warm at the touch.
Most Nok sculpture is hollow and coil-built like pottery.
Nolan principles Are the general principles of conduct which underpin public life.
Most noma sufferers are under six years of age.
Nomad research is an early customer.
Nomad society is essentially anarchic.
Nomad woman walks down a dune in the early morning light.
A nomad is a wanderer
Nomad can detect surface meteorites obscured to the human eye by blowing or drifting snow.
Nomad has taupe, ivory and rust colors painted in a linear fashion.
Nomad is a high resolution touch sensitive pad.
Nomad is about the size of a small car.
Nomad is controlled by a cluster of four computers.
Nomad is currently in the prototype phase and undergoing clinical trials.
Nomad is extremely skilled and very knowledgeable.
Nomad is functional today.
Nomad is the essential tool for exploring Boston.
Nomad wins the style points.
Nomads also has many camel riding safaris in all areas of the desert.
Nomads are a bunch of nifty little critters.
Nomads are animal-breeding, migratory people of Central Asia.
Nomads are generally young males, roaming in pairs or small groups and often related to one another.
Nomads are now able to get a better deal when they sell their herds for food.
Nomads are people who have no permanent home.
Nomads are people who move from place to place in search of food or water.
Nomads are riders on camels that pass silently in the night.
Nomads are temporary dwellers.
Nomads are versatile people and opportunists in finding resources to support themselves.
Nomads are wanderers.
Nomads claim much space.
Nomads exist, but settlements are few.
Nomads have few possessions, and each item has practical uses.
Nomads live considerably shorter than farmers or urban residents.
Nomads make up about half the population.
Nomads raise large herds of cattle, goats, and sheep.
Nomads rely on finding food on the road.
Nomads remain much the same as they did one hundred years ago.
Nomads tend to be loyal to particular persons rather than to organized communities.
Nomads use the grasslands for their herds.
Nomads use the wool of livestock and the dyes made from a variety of plant resources.
Nomads walk through the desert sand.
Nomads wander because it is a way of life.
Nomads often eat anything they can capture, since they have such a repetitive diet.
Nomads often travel together, then set up tents several hundred yards from each other.
Nomads usually have tails between two and four feet long, though a very few have none at all.
Many nomads have their bills routed to their accountants or lawyers.
Some nomads move with their sheep, goats, and camels in search of pasture.
Nomadic communities based on animal husbandry are just as old as agricultural settlements.
Nomadic herders account for nearly half of Mongolia's population.
Nomadic herders gather from all sides.
Nomadic herders graze their cattle, goats and sheep on the limited pastureland.
Nomadic herders spend nearly all of their time outdoors.
Nomadic herdsmen rely on cattle for their food and income.
Nomadic life continues in Iran and the birth rate among tribal people is the highest in the country.
Nomadic males skirt the edges of boundaries and replace males removed by death or capture.
Nomadic people are very hospitable and always are so pleased and excited to see guests.
Nomadic peoples wander from one region to another in search of pasture land for their herds.
Nomads products are also available to specialty food shops and restaurants at wholesale price.
Nomarski condensers are usually of the pancake type.
Nomenclatural chaos reigns if anybody can nameanything they want.
A nomenclature is a word
Nomenclature does change and for various reasons.
Nomenclature extends beyond the formal names of compounds now, however.
Nomenclature is a systematic labeling of complex strings of information.
Nomenclature is a term that refers to methods of naming chem.
Nomenclature is also user-defined and can be changed at any time.
Nomenclature is included.
Nomenclature is poor, the shrub is stunning.
Nomenclature is shown in green.
Nomenclature is supposed to serve people.
Nomenclature isa word.
Nomenclature makes it difficult to follow.
Nomenclature means literally to call by name.
Nomenclature Note No.
Nomenclature pays special attention to oxidation state.
Nomenclature refers to the shape of the surface cells only.
Nomenclature remains a problem.
Nomenclature specify the conditions for a name to be valid.
Nomenclature varies from region to region and lineage to lineage.
Nomenclatures have (part) syllables.
Nomenclature sometimes departs from industry norms.
Some nomenclature seems necessary to help people understand the process and their place in it.
All Nomic games allow their rules to change in certain well-defined ways.
Nominal admissions is charged.
Nominal ascent continues.
Nominal bonds have only a small role in optimal long-term portfolios.
Nominal changes apply for large volumes to be copied.
Nominal charges apply to most services.
Nominal charges apply to orders from developed, newly developed and non-Commonwealth countries.
Nominal commitment has neither reality or value.
Nominal compounds are quite frequent.
Nominal consideration is a sum being so trifling so as to be consideration in name only.
Nominal coverage is the first four chapters of the text, with a few omissions and additions.
Nominal coverage is the stuff since the last test.
Nominal crafters fee.
Nominal damages are by definition minimal monetary damages.
Nominal damages are distinct.
Nominal data are categorical data.
Nominal data are useful for comparative purposes .
Nominal data assume only existance and type.
Nominal data identify subjects by category or by name.
Nominal data is used.
Nominal diameter is essentially the inside diameter of the piping in millimeters.
Nominal dues vary as listed below.
Nominal duty is paid on the other nine instruments.
Nominal fee applies.
Nominal fees apply to circuits ordered in other countries.
Nominal fees apply to literature searches and article reproduction.
Nominal fees apply to non members wishing to use the materials.
Nominal fees apply.
Nominal fees are charges to undergraduate students to help defray the costs of special services.
Nominal fees help defray costs of transportation, group equipment and other organizational expenses.
Nominal group is a group of people working independently rather than interacting with each other.
Nominal growth is the increase including changes in prices.
Nominal inflection is characterized by a rich system of locative cases.
Nominal length is ten double spaced pages plus references.
Nominal level is the lowest measurement level used from a statistical point of view.
Nominal measurements are in inches.
Nominal membership is also a obtainable by former pharmacy owners.
Nominal motion is motion of the robot along the specified trajectory.
Nominal payment is offered, if used.
Nominal positions indicate a general area in the sky.
Nominal returns contrast with real returns.
Nominal rigidities are an essential feature for the emergence of such a result.
Nominal salary is measured in current dollars.
Nominal scales are therefore qualitative rather than quantitative.
Nominal size includes rail posts.
Nominal support is also necessary for the workshop.
Nominal temperature coefficients It and Vt apply over the rated IC temperature sensor range.
A nominal value is a value
Nominal values are ok .
Nominal values are okay.
Nominal wages fall less in non-gold.
A nominal is a phrase
Nominals do, or nominals are.
Any nominal can perform eight major jobs within a sentence.
A nominalism is a philosophical theory
Nominalism believes that ideas are only names and have no practical application.
Nominalism is a variant of conceptualism.
Nominalism is another serious problem among second generation African churches.
Nominalism is supposed to deal with the universe of discourse in moderation.
Nominalism remains a major problem and liberalism is still the major theological emphasis.
Nominalism tends to set in while they seek their cultural roots.
A nominalist is a philosopher
Nominalists are philosophers.
Nominalists claim that objects which possess the same universal do resemble each other.
Nominalists hold that there is no such thing as natures or essences.
Nominalists tend to be more empirical and skeptical.
Most nominalists thus find themselves unable to employ such a semantics.
Nominate women faculty and staff for awards and leadership development opportunities.
Nominated books are to center on a South Carolina genealogy.
Nominated candidates stay on the voting roll for up to three years before dropping off.
Nominated links go through an approval and verification process.
Nominated members serve a two-year term.
Nominated nurses can be LPNs or RNs practicing in Wisconsin.
Nominated readers range from students of all ages to retired teachers and librarians.
Nominated students receive a certificate and a tee shirt.
Nominated tree is the one nearest to the road.
Most nominated women are widows of prominent leaders.
Nominating elections emphasize differing points of view.
Nominating forms are available each year starting with the fall conference.
Nominating forms are available in the school office.
Nominating organizations are responsible for framing all awards.
Nominating petitions are how candidates are nominated.
Nomination committee takes care of all election details except supervising the election.
Nomination committees tend to have a handle on active participants.
A nomination is an appointment
Nomination can include self nomination.
Nomination is an honor in itself.
Nomination is an honor.
Nomination is based on academic criteria.
Nomination is by letter from any member of the university community.
Nomination is by letter rather than an application or nomination form.
Nomination is made by dept.
Nomination is made by the audiology faculty with selection by the entire department faculty.
Nomination is no guarantee of an award.
Nomination is no longer necessary.
Nomination is offered from another PARC member.
Nomination is open to the public.
Nomination is permitted.
Nomination is required in order to run for office.
Nomination is required.
Nomination is sincere recognition that comes from fellow employees.
Nomination is taken from the floor.
Nomination is through campus faculty teaching humanities courses.
Nomination is through the program and department, but competition is on a university-wide basis.
Nomination is unnecessary.
Nomination is with a view to ensure smooth transition after the death of the flat owner.
Nomination requires an abstract describing the project or program.
Nomination requires the signature of three colleagues.
Nominations are active for three consecutive reviews.
Nominations are active for three cycles.
Nominations are active for three years, inclusive of the year of initial nomination.
Nominations are active for three years.
Nominations are also welcome from private practice.
Nominations are also welcome.
Nominations are always due by end of each month.
Nominations are always due by the end of each month.
Nominations are always open for potential awards.
Nominations are always welcome.
Nominations are an involved process for which there is no substitute for experience.
Nominations are anonymous.
Nominations are appointments.
Nominations are as a result of ballots cast by the convention members who vote by mail.
Nominations are as follows.
Nominations are as result of ballots cast by the convention members who vote by mail.
Nominations are available for at-large and graduate student positions.
Nominations are available in the FIS office.
Nominations are by letter, and ideally include examples of reviews or other supportive information.
Nominations are by secret ballot.
Nominations are closed.
Nominations are competitive.
Nominations are completely open.
Nominations are conditions.
Nominations are confidential.
Nominations are current for three years.
Nominations are currently open at vote.mwncisee.co.uk .
Nominations are currently open to businesses, and individuals within business, in BC and Ontario.
Nominations are due around winter break.
Nominations are due by the above date.
Nominations are due during the fourth week of the spring quarter.
Nominations are due in the fall.
Nominations are due in the late spring.
Nominations are due now.
Nominations are due the end of winter term.
Nominations are due tomorrow.
Nominations are due when votes are submitted.
Nominations are due.
Nominations are for life.
Nominations are for senior varsity players only.
Nominations are from medical school deans.
Nominations are from students only .
Nominations are from the floor.
Nominations are good for one month.
Nominations are highly competitive.
Nominations are important - but it's the vote that counts.
Nominations are in for the toughest job at the racetrack.
Nominations are in order.
Nominations are in, it's time to vote.
Nominations are likely to be for site-based projects or broader conservation programmes.
Nominations are limited to one per county.
Nominations are limited to one per graduate program in the plant sciences or related disciplines.
Nominations are limited to one per person.
Nominations are limited to one person per year for any one alum or committee member.
Nominations are limited to two books per press.
Nominations are made by postal special students.
Nominations are now open , click here now to find out more.
Nominations are now open for chairwom.
Nominations are now open for club officers.
Nominations are now open.
Nominations are only applicable for the awards period in which they are received.
Nominations are open during the fall and spring semesters.
Nominations are open during the spring.
Nominations are open for parliamentarian.
Nominations are open for president.
Nominations are open for the next person.
Nominations are open for the next three weeks.
Nominations are open for the position of president-elect.
Nominations are open for vice president and joint benefits committee.
Nominations are open in seven different categories, so please participate.
Nominations are open next meeting.
Nominations are open only to editors of newspapers of less than daily frequency.
Nominations are open throughout the year to anyone who wishes to make one.
Nominations are open to active duty and civilian personnel.
Nominations are open to all campaign volunteers.
Nominations are open to all employees.
Nominations are open to all field hockey players high school age and younger.
Nominations are open to all scientists, regardless of field or nationality.
Nominations are open to all stallions.
Nominations are open to all with most coming from parents, former students or school administrators.
Nominations are open to all, regardless of age, gender or affiliation.
Nominations are open to any Oregon-based business.
Nominations are open to any resident of British Columbia.
Nominations are open to any sports information director in the conference.
Nominations are open to Australian fandom general.
Nominations are open to both active-duty and civilian personnel.
Nominations are open to everyone, and winners are selected by a final judging committee.
Nominations are open to everyone, both male and female.
Nominations are open to everyone.
Nominations are open to local professionals working in an hospitality-related business.
Nominations are open to members who are retired or employed less than full time.
Nominations are open to police officers, firefighters, rescue squad workers, etc.
Nominations are open to scientists in North America.
Nominations are open to students and faculty.
Nominations are open to the entire club membership.
Nominations are open to the entire community service field.
Nominations are open to the entire transgender community.
Nominations are open to the general public.
Nominations are open to the public.
Nominations are open to the whole island of Ireland and to all areas and aspects of microbiology.
Nominations are open until the day of the futurity.
Nominations are open until the election is conducted.
Nominations are open, and seventy-six nominations have been received so far.
Nominations are open.
Nominations are outstanding from France, Thailand and the United States.
Nominations are peer-submitted.
Nominations are recommendations.
Nominations are separate from the admissions process to the Academies.
Nominations are still open for an officer position.
Nominations are still open, but to find out what the current slate of officers is, click here.
Nominations are still open.
Nominations are subject to a vote by secret ballot.
Nominations are subject to complete secrecy.
Nominations are subject to membership election by mail ballot.
Nominations are subject to the approval of the provost marshal.
Nominations are to be called mid-year.
Nominations are to be completed on the forms provided.
Nominations are to be forwarded through the state society for review and recommendation.
Nominations are to be made at the meeting prior to the elections.
Nominations are to be made in writing stating in detail the contributions of the individual.
Nominations are to be taken during the previous meeting.
Nominations are to consist of a nominating letter and a supporting letter.
Nominations are to consist of at least on letter of nomination and the c.v. of the candidate.
Nominations are to include a brief bio on why a prof. has been chosen.
Nominations are to remain concealed from all nominees.
Nominations are usually due in early spring.
Nominations are valid for five years from the date of nomination.
Nominations are valid for one year only.
Nominations are valid for three years.
Nominations are valid for two years.
Nominations are welcome all year long.
Nominations are welcome anytime - sooner the better.
Nominations are welcome at any time.
Nominations are welcome from all students, student organizations, faculty, staff and administration.
Nominations are welcome from any source throughout the year.
Nominations are welcome from anyone.
Nominations are welcome from everyone.
Nominations are welcome from faculty, staff and students.
Nominations are welcome from students, faculty, staff and alumni.
Nominations are welcome from students, faculty, staff members and alumni.
Nominations are welcome from the floor.
Nominations are welcome in advance and from the floor at the meeting.
Nominations are welcome on an ongoing basis.
Nominations are welcome, including self nominations.
Nominations are welcome.
Nominations arrive from various sources.
Nominations begin and chaos ensues.
Nominations begin immediately and last one week.
Nominations can also come from Members in good standing.
Nominations can also come from the floor on the night of the election.
Nominations can be either U.S. or international students or groups.
Nominations can be e-mailed to any of the committee members.
Nominations can be essays, memoirs, poems, or theatrical writings.
Nominations can be for an individual or a team.
Nominations can be from a nominating committee, from the floor, or both.
Nominations can be in any one of five categories - athletes, teams, coaches, officials and builders.
Nominations can come from any source.
Nominations can come from employers, co-workers, family, friends or the worker.
Nominations can come from individuals, communities, and organizations.
Nominations can come from the floor of the annual conference or as write-in candidates.
Nominations can include self-nominations.
Nominations can reflect the interdisciplinarity of publication venues for division members.
Nominations can represent the views of an individual or of a group.
Nominations close two weeks before the concerned programme.
Nominations come and go.
Nominations come from agencies, event producers and meeting management organizations.
Nominations come from all over the country and competition is tough, according to council officials.
Nominations come from both private and public sector organizations.
Nominations come from district parents.
Nominations come from faculty, either as individuals or as groups.
Nominations come from faculty, staff, and other alumni.
Nominations come from parents, students, faculty and staff members.
Nominations come from publishers of literary magazines across the United States.
Nominations come from reviewers, readers, and publishers.
Nominations come from seven three-member committees of judges, most of whom are published authors.
Nominations come from students and faculty and staff members who identify something special.
Nominations come from students, alumnae, faculty, and from the website itself.
Nominations come from the community at large.
Nominations come from the eight conferences and also at large.
Nominations come from the faculty itself.
Nominations come from throughout the organization.
Nominations consist of a brief written statement by nominator outlining nominee's service.
Nominations consist of a nominations letter and at least three letters of support.
Nominations consist of the faculty letter of nomination and an application prepared by the student.
Nominations end for Herald.
Nominations end shortly.
Nominations fall into distinct patterns.
Nominations have to be submitted on an official nomination form.
Nominations made in lab are possible.
Nominations Nominate new resources and programs for our site.
Nominations occur during their junior year and selection during their senior year of high school.
Nominations occur once a year.
Nominations only take a moment.
Nominations remain active for a period of three years following the year of nomination.
Nominations remain active for consideration for three years.
Nominations remain active for five years.
Nominations remain active for four years, or two nomination review cycles.
Nominations remain active for six months after their receipt.
Nominations remain active for three years after initial submission.
Nominations remain active for three years, including the year of nomination.
Nominations remain active for three years.
Nominations remain active for two selection periods.
Nominations remain in the active pool for five years.
Nominations remain open until the position is filled.
Nominations remain under active consideration for five award cycles.
Nominations remain under consideration indefinitely and are considered year-round.
Nominations remain valid for five years only.
Nominations remain valid for three years only.
Nominations require a fully completed application.
Nominations require a single letter of support accompanied by a recent curriculum vita .
Nominations require a single letter of support accompanied by a recent curriculum vitae .
Nominations require adequate project descriptions and photos of the completed project.
Nominations require three letters of recommendation or one letter and three signatures.
Nominations submitted by individuals are also welcome.
Nominations take place at the preceding regular meeting.
Nominations always welcome.
All nominations are active for three years.
All nominations are completely confidential.
All nominations are confidential .
All nominations are confidential.
All nominations are contingent upon the agreement of the nominee, either orally or in writing.
All nominations are subject to approval by the provincial sport organization.
All nominations are subject to review and approval.
All nominations are subject to the approval of the provost.
All nominations are to be kept confidential.
All nominations are to be made from the floor.
All nominations are very well deserved.
All nominations are welcome.
All nominations come from the community and candidates are assessed by an independent jury of peers.
All nominations come from the community.
All nominations go through a three-tiered screening process.
All nominations remain anonymous.
All nominations remain confidential.
All nominations remain on file for three years.
All nominations require a nominator and a seconder.
All nominations require a seconder and consent of the nominee.
All nominations require a seconding nomination.
All nominations require the support of a second council member and the agreement of the nominee.
All nominations submitted are in the judging process.
Any nomination is a very serious, complex issue.
Many nominations come from heritage consultants in the course of surveys.
Many nominations provoke no controversy whatsoever.
Most nominations are competitive.
Most nominations are for two-year terms.
A nominative case is a case
Nominative case is the basic, dictionary form.
Nominative plural is formed by adding -d to the genitive singular stem.
Nominative pronouns are themselves generally emphatic, calling attention to the referent.
A nominative is a case
Nominatives are words typically used as objects within a phrase.
A nominee is a politician
Nominee applies or promotes sound principals of soil, water, and general environmental conservation.
Nominee can recommend a running mate, but the delegates choose one.
Nominee incorporates innovative techniques of estuarine conservation into overall management scheme.
Nominee provides or advocates for supports that are person-centered.
Nominee stands firm.
Nominee vows to boost competition.
Nominees agree to present a paper concerning their work at the conference.
Nominees also complete the host institution's application form.
Nominees also fill out a questionnaire and submit an essay.
Nominees also qualify as members.
Nominees are eligible for consideration without regard to education or profession.
Nominees are eligible for only one of the two awards per project.
Nominees are from a constituent society.
Nominees are in alphabetical order within year.
Nominees are in plain print.
Nominees are individuals designated by member organizations.
Nominees are individuals who are enrolled full-time in recognized medical schools.
Nominees are managers with several years of experience in specialized functional areas.
Nominees are to be enrolled in an area of environmental studies or law.
Nominees are to be sponsored by two or more sponsors.
Nominees are welcome from the floor.
Nominees can be center staff or volunteers, or members of the center's constituency.
Nominees can be currently active in the field, a trustee, or in retirement.
Nominees can be from industry, academia, government or private practice.
Nominees can be from print, radio, TV, or website organizations.
Nominees can be from the staff, student s or organization s own area.
Nominees can be graduates or former students.
Nominees can be individuals or groups.
Nominees can be individuals or teams.
Nominees can be individuals, programs or departments.
Nominees can be publications, articles, broadcasts, individual editors or writers.
Nominees can be residents or non-residents.
Nominees can be teachers or community members.
Nominees can be U.S. or international students or groups.
Nominees can continue the process by filling out applications.
Nominees can give a short speech during the election meeting.
Nominees can include websites, newsgroups, or other material distributed primarily via the Internet.
Nominees can run for more than one office, but they can only be elected to one office position.
Nominees can self nominate or someone else can do the nomination.
Nominees can work in any nursing job involving some direct patient care.
Nominees come from all parts of the nine-county Bay region.
Nominees come from the ranks of present or former Colorado radio or television broadcasters.
Nominees cross their fingers hoping to win one of the gold-plated statuettes.
Nominees customarily bring their spouses, parents and children along.
Nominees gain office by the means of a simple majority of the members at the election meeting.
Nominees go into a nominee pool for a period of three years.
Nominees have the option of withdrawing their work from voting.
Nominees have the right to decline any nomination.
Nominees have the right to decline the position.
Nominees leave the room and editor conducts a secret staff vote.
Nominees mandated by law to use qualifications based selection are eligible.
Nominees receive a letter for their file and become eligible for a monthly public drawing.
Nominees sit on the main floor and close to the aisle.
Nominees submit resumes, and the board votes on the nominations.
Nominees then exit the room.
Nominees undergo a rigorous review process before confirmation.
Nominees vow to rise and fight again another day.
Nominees win party primary elections.
Nominees write application essays, explaining their interests and long-term plans.
Nominees usually have many years of experience and are very competitive in the selection process.
All nominees deserve recognition and congratulations for a job well done.
All nominees deserve special recognition.
All nominees have to be present at the meeting to be eligible for nomination.
All nominees receive a certificate of appreciation for their participation.
All nominees receive a certificate of nomination.
All nominees receive awards and are honored at a state recognition luncheon.
All nominees receive certificates of appreciation.
All nominees receive consideration independent of other nominations also under consideration.
All nominees receive letters of recognition.
All nominees receive recognition.
All nominees receive the award.
All nominees remain on the active roster for five years.
All nominees require a sponsor.
Any nominee has the right to decline to run for office.
Any nominee has the right to refuse a nomination.
Any nominee receiving a plurality of the votes from the returned ballots is elected.
Every nominee can take great pride in knowing they are all winners.
Every nominee is a winner.
Every nominee is required to give a speech at the election meeting.
Nomological reduction involves the reduction of one set of laws of Nature to another.
Non arrivals are charged for the first night and a cancellation of the entire stay is assumed.
Non banks stand ready to offer alternative payment services.
Non believers can express their views about religion and never fear criminal prosecution.
Non citizens are also eligible.
Non college requires moving up within a company to get to Senior levels.
Non communicating is caused by an obstruction in the ventricular system.
Non compliance is ultimately too dangerous, they suggest.
Non compliance leads to cancellation of rights.
Non cookers welcome.
Non cooperation penalizes itself.
Non cyclists can go for a walk or do some boomnetting.
Non divers are most welcome and are sure to enjoy the variety of activities available.
Non domain named sites have a much more difficult time being listed by major search engines.
Non dualism asserts that the ground of being is One.
Non emergency includes media.
Non flyers can travel along in the chase vehicle for a small fee.
Non geographers prefer to use 'spatial' or 'land' instead of 'geographic'.
Non golfers do a historical boat trip to the seal island and shop the craft markets.
Non golfers have a full program of visitation.
Non golfers relax on the beach.
Non golfers stay free.
Non hunters are responsible for payment of their own meals and lodging.
Non majors are also welcome here.
Non majors require consent of instructor.
Non meat eating animal manures are also a good source of organic matter.
Non members are a great support.
Non members are also welcome.
Non members are always welcome to attend any SIG meeting.
Non members are always welcome to attend meetings.
Non members are always welcome to participate as well.
Non members are always welcome to participate at any time.
Non members are generally welcome to attend.
Non members are limited to a two week stay.
Non members are welcome on all club rides.
Non members are welcome on any night.
Non members are welcome to attend.
Non members are welcome to contribute.
Non members are welcome to join in our activities.
Non members are welcome to join in.
Non members are welcome to join the list too.
Non members are welcome to participate in support groups.
Non members are welcome to ride with the club.
Non members are welcome to take part in up to three walks before being asked to join.
Non members are welcome, but advance reservations are necessary.
Non members are welcome, but helmets are required.
Non members are welcome.
Non members can also avail of the facility.
Non members can apply full registration fee to membership.
Non members can attend several meetings without joining, but membership gives additional benefits.
Non members can attend three meetings with no obligation to join.
Non members can join at the same time as they purchase their ticket, details below.
Non members can join here .
Non members can join up on the door if they wish.
Non members can only stay one night.
Non members can participate, and anyone can donate new to near new items for future contest prizes.
Non members can pick one up or write to the above address to request one.
Non members can review the titles of the documents on the contribution site .
Non members can use the library for a fee though loans are only available to members.
Non members can visit our Archives area to see past Connection issues.
Non members pay a research fee.
Non members read all about the exclusive benefits of membership.
Non members welcome.
Non metal conducts electricity.
Non metals make great insulators for electricity conduits.
Non participation counts as an absence.
Non partisanship is naive.
Non payment forfeits the right to future judging.
Non payment happens.
Non players do a ocean trip to sea the whale in season.
Non profits are also eligible for federal, city, state and private grants.
Non profits believe in positive benefits of recreation but usually target a particular audience.
Non refutation requires binding document to session and submitter to session.
Non regulation spurs result in disqualification from competition.
Non resident are subject to tax on income which is received or accrues from Indonesia.
Non residents are always welcome.
Non residents are subject to tax on income that is received or accrued from Indonesia.
Non residents are welcome to attend library sponsored programs.
Non residents are welcome.
Non residents can claim a rebate of most GST charges when leaving the country.
Non residents can take back their money won in casinos to their country.
Non residents enrol as full fee paying students.
Non riders can join the fun and feast.
Non skid is moulded in the walk areas.
Non smokers are preferred.
Non smokers please.
Non smoking is available by request.
Non stick warming plate keeps coffee hot.
Non students can subscribe to various library services, including access to internet.
Non subscribers can access keypal messages and leave messages for keypals and postal penpals.
Non subscribers can only use samples.
Non sugars are insoluable in water and are tasteless.
Non swimmers are welcome.
All non tag matched are case insensitive.
Non teachers welcome.
Non tenure is either a plea in bar or a plea in abatement.
Non theists have no such explanation.
Non union shops common.
Non violence is the law of our species as violence is the law of the brute.
Non voters outnumber voters by two to one.
Non walker can stay at tents and write reports on what they have learned on day, lunch.
Non wheat grains each have their own special textures and tastes.
Nonabrasive scrubber removes bugs and water spots.
Nonacademic employees have a similar responsibility.
Nonacademic life is equally rich.
Nonacademic sources appear to influence students' financial cognition more than the classroom.
All nonacademic staff are eligible.
Nonacademic users are welcome to discuss a possible collaboration.
Nonacademic women are also concerned with important philosophical questions.
Nonadiabatic transport features in the outer cusp region.
Nonaerial displays are intersperse with display flights.
A nonage is an age
A nonage is legal status
Nonage is the inability to use one's own understanding without another's guidance.
Nonaggressive children are apt to talk to themselves to control their anger.
Nonalcoholic bars are also available.
Nonalcoholic drinks are unlimited and everything on the menu is fair game.
Nonallopathic providers are nontraditional health practitioners.
Some nonalphabetic characters have to be escaped.
Nonalphabetical characters are unaffected.
Nonandrophilic transsexuals seem to have poorer overall psychosocial adjustment.
Nonassertive behavior is passive and indirect.
Some nonassertive people act like they want to apologize for using other people's air.
Nonatomic actions introduce the possibility that the protocol can deadlock .
Nonbacterial prostatitis can be a chronic, painful condition found in men of all ages.
Nonbacterial prostatitis is a common problem in young men.
Nonbacterial prostatitis is an inflammatory condition of unknown etiology.
Nonbacterial prostatitis is frequently a chronic, painful condition found in men of any age.
Nonbacterial prostatitis is more common than bacterial prostatitis.
Nonbacterial prostatitis is the most common form of prostatitis, but also the least understood.
Nonbacterial prostatitis is the most common form of the disease.
Nonbank banks are a symptom of a much more serious malaise.
A nonbeliever is a nonreligious person
Nonbelievers are Welcome.
Nonbelievers come in two varieties.
Nonbelievers have eternal life.
Nonbelievers live in anticipation of a political or financial savior.
Nonbelievers rise to face judgment, suffer, and then cease to exist.
Nonbelievers tend to welcome the new skepticism toward the old faith, even if it is years late.
All nonbelievers have evil hearts.
Many nonbiblical traditions bring more balance to their view of humans place in the natural order.
Nonbiological change is still change.
Nonburnable containers can be recycles as scrap metal, or crushed and buried in a sanitary landfill.
Noncancerous growths are relatively common and, if necessary, can be easily removed by surgery.
Noncancerous ulcers are invariably painful.
Noncanonical documents is an interesting list of early Christian literature.
Many noncareer diplomats dislike working overseas.
Noncaseous granulomas have a wide variety of causes other than sarcoidosis.
Noncatenated predicates are neither neutral nor unneutral, but nonneutral and non-unneutral.
A nonce is a present
Nonces insure freshness.
Nonchalant DJs spin their tracks while an even more nonchalant crowd dines.
Nonchalant putts count the same as chalant putts.
Nonchemical control Trying to discourage ants from invading the home can be frustrating.
Nonchemical treatments are irradiation, nitrogen, carbon dioxide, and cold and heat.
All noncircular structures are susceptible to galloping and flutter.
Nonclassical solutions are non-existent for the heat equation and rare for nonlinear diffusion.
Nonclassified material is sent to the addressee.
Any nonclickable links mixed in with the clickable links below are pages under construction.
Nonclinical articles cover socioeconomic, legislative and political developments.
Nonclinical internships are to be arranged in consultation with the student's major professor.
Nonclinical news covers socioeconomic, legislative, and political developments.
Nonclogging whistle produces shrill distress signal.
Nonclub members are welcome, as are cross- counry and telemark skiers, and snowboarders.
Nonclub members are welcome, as are cross-country and telemark skiers, and snowboarders.
Noncoding segments comprise most of the DNA in most organisms.
Noncoking coal is much less expensive than metallurgical coking coal and is abundant in India.
A noncom is an officer
Noncoms can make or break an outfit because they are truly the leaders who are with the men.
Noncomedogenic products prevent and treat acne.
Noncommercial applicators are exempt from all fee requirements.
Noncommercial group uses .
Every noncommercial materials are free and welcome.
Noncommercial ones are free and commercial ads are available for a small fee.
Noncommercial radio does, but it is inadequately funded.
Noncommercial redistribution is permitted.
Noncommercial reproduction is encouraged, provided proper credit is given.
Noncommercial reproduction is encouraged.
Noncommercial traffic means all aircraft operations that are conducted free of compensation.
Noncommercial traffic requires permits from both the exporting and importing countries.
Noncommercial use is authorized.
Noncommercial use is excepted under the statute.
Noncommercial use is permitted free of charge.
Noncommercial use relates only to educational, research, personal use, or evaluation purposes.
Noncommercial uses are OK as long as source is acknowledged.
Noncommissionable rate includes ad preparation and processing of responses.
A noncommissioned officer is an officer
Noncommissioned officers hold associate degrees in a variety of fields.
Noncommissioned officers leadership school-Military skills.
Many noncommunicable diseases start in childhood.
Noncomparative reports list the data elements for one time period only.
Noncompensable balances are to be used first.
Noncompensable time includes travel from home to work.
Noncompete agreements are a contentious area of employmen t law.
Noncompete agreements are more important than ever.
Noncompete agreements protect employers from losing valuable trade secrets and employees.
Noncompetitive activities are still our preference.
Noncompetitive bidders pay the average price established by the competitive bidders.
Noncompetitive bidders receive the average yield established by the competitive bidders.
Noncompetitive games are best like Follow the leader.
Noncompetitive inhibitor Decreases the turnover number of the enzyme.
Noncompetitive inhibitors act elsewhere.
Noncompliance actually refers to a wide range of behaviors described in the following table.
Noncompliance can affect both the individual and the practice.
Noncompliance can cause a particular drug regimen to fail and increase overall healthcare costs.
Noncompliance can have a negative impact on the recipient.
Noncompliance can have serious consequences.
Noncompliance can have tragic consequences.
Noncompliance can jeopardize course completion, future registrations, and financial aid eligibility.
Noncompliance can mean the loss of federal aid.
Noncompliance can result in the state losing federal funds.
Noncompliance carries stiff penalties, including retroactive tax liabilities for the investors.
Noncompliance creates criminal liability.
Noncompliance cuts across all categories of patients and illnesses.
Noncompliance is a misdemeanor.
Noncompliance is a violation of federal legislation.
Noncompliance is considered a major barrier in treating patients with diabetes.
Noncompliance is penalized with a citation, fine and reparation order.
Noncompliance is punishable.
Noncompliance is rampant.
Noncompliance is rebelliousness
Noncompliance is seen as a weakness, lack of willpower, or a character flaw.
Noncompliance is the major factor that accounts for treatment failure and risk of relapse.
Noncompliance means punishments.
Noncompliance occurs in a variety of forms and for a variety of reasons.
Noncompliance results in a zero.
Noncompliance takes many forms.
Noncompliance often leads to blindness in patients with glaucoma.
Noncompliance usually leads to a custodial sentence.
Noncompliant patients receive the worst and potentially most harmful treatments.
Nonconductive brace creates little energy loss for the magnetic device.
Nonconductive samples are subject to a buildup of electrons on the examined surface.
Nonconfidential information is used to describe each technology.
Nonconforming uses relate to conditions that exist prior to the time a zoning ordinance is passed.
Any nonconformist student fits some sort of profile of a killer.
A nonconformist is a dissenter
Nonconformists are all alike. .
Nonconformists are all alike.
Nonconformists are dissenters.
Nonconformists are in the tiny majority.
Nonconformists detest the school and usually leave or suffer.
Nonconformists make their own paths.
Nonconformists stay in the seventh grade forever.
Nonconformists tend to be extremely creative.
Nonconformists violate or challenge traditions, rituals, roles, or expectations.
Nonconformities come in all shapes and sizes.
Nonconformity is a disagreement
Nonconformity is already a real problem for dozens of metropolitan areas.
Nonconformity is disagreements.
Nonconformity is failure.
Nonconformity is one of our highest virtues.
Nonconformity is the way of life.
Nonconformity is to be determined within the framework of the facts in each particular case.
Nonconnected segments attach to only one server.
Nonconscious compression sands down all the rough edges found in the original.
Nonconscious images are never accessible directly.
Nonconsensual sex is a sexual assault.
Nonconservative nutrients are nutrients that change in concentration with biological activity.
Nonconsumptive participation includes observing, photographing, and feeding fish and wildlife.
Noncontact gages are integral to our production process.
Some noncontract issues remain unresolved.
Nonconventional practitioners can often dispense treatment at a much lower cost.
Some nonconventional religions are very loose in their structure and demands upon members.
Nonconvulsive status is common.
Noncoordinate adjectives are ones which modify one another.
Noncovalent forces dictate conformation and interaction in biological systems.
Noncovalent interactions are individually weak but collectively strong.
Noncovalent interactions involve electrical charges.
Some noncriminal proceedings do require a jury, however.
Most noncultivated plants produce pollen.
Noncumulative discounts apply only to individual orders.
Noncurrent assets are harder to turn into cash on short notice.
Noncustodial dads can face serious post-marital challenges.
Some noncyclic pain is also related to musculoskeletal causes.
Noncyclical industries are generally more immune to rising interest rates and a slowing economy.
Noncyclical symptoms can confuse the clinician.
Many nondairy foods are high in calcium.
Nondefense manufacturers have no such information source.
Nondeformable nifedipine tablet occluding a previously compromised intestinal lumen.
Nondelinquent males are less sexist than delinquent males.
Nondependent edema occurs.
Nondermal infection is rare, usually occuring as arthritis or endocarditis.
Nondesert plants possess waxy cuticles on leaf surfaces and stomata on the lower leaf surfaces only.
Nondesignated languages are languages for which there are no state certifying examinations.
Nondestructive evaluation is surveyed.
Nondestructive techniques are more numerous.
Nondestructive testing is a method of finding defects in an object without harming the object.
Nondestructive testing is also extensively used.
Nondestructive testing is an important component of any failure analysis.
Nondestructive testing is undoubtedly one of the world's most important professions.
Nondeterministic space is closed under complementation.
Nondirective support entails cooperating and expressing an understanding of others' feelings.
Nondirectory information is confidential.
Nondisabled people are strongly inclined to deny the success of a disabled person.
Nondisabled people learn sports primarily through their families when they are children.
Nondisclosed questions are valuable assets that are expensive for any testing program to replace.
Nondisjunction can also occur with autosomes.
Nondisjunction can cause trisomy.
Nondisjunction can occur at either the first or second division of meiosis.
Nondisjunction has (part) anaphase.
Nondisjunction has (part) cytokinesis.
Nondisjunction has (part) metaphase.
Nondisjunction has (part) prophase.
Nondisjunction has (part) telophase.
Nondisjunction is a common type of error .
Nondisjunction is a failure of one or more chromosomes to separate.
Nondisjunction is cellular division
Nondisjunction is meiosis.
Nondisjunction isa meiosis.
Nondisjunction means that a chromosome pair failed to separate during the meiotic division.
Nondisjunction occurs during .
Nondisjunction occurs when a pair of chromosomes fails to separate during meiosis.
Nondistressed couples exchange more rewards and fewer punishments than do distressed couples.
Nondistrict perspectives are also valuable.
Nondiversified funds are riskier than diversified ones.
Nondivisional units obtain resupply support from the nearest medical unit available.
Nondoctrinal religion scales.
Nondominant groups know more about the dominant group because they have to know more to survive.
Nondrug treatments are usually the most helpful.
Nondurable goods are items generally with a normal life expectancy of less than three years.
A none is a service
None accept a young earth.
None actually addresses the pain itself but rather make the patient less anxious about it.
None actually claims to make truly perpetual motion possible.
None actually knows why the planets got started spinning.
None Added duties are in the area of the department's administrative side.
None addresses the situation of a person who fails to do anything before the fact.
None advocates the radical, immediate destruction of the current economic system.
None affects the aid budget.
None agree Sorry.
None allow our depend lots depth for tray let inside many japanese teen site.
None allow our depend lots depth for tray let inside many kid writing contest.
None allow our depend lots depth for tray let inside many reader's poll.
None allow the jury to award unlimited recovery.
None allow torture.
None allow unending punishment.
NONE Allows no access.
NONE allows other users to neither read, write, nor initialize the tape.
None alone proves anything.
None alter the basic relationship between wage-labor and capital.
None Analyzes the functioning of the American economy.
None Analyzes the structure, actors and major problems of the global system.
None answer their telephones.
None anticipate a downturn in the economy.
None apparently identifies with or respects the others.
None appear in only a swimsuit.
None appear likely for environmental technologies.
None appear to address planning for computer labs.
None appear to admit plurals.
None appear to be controversial but some are overly vague.
None appear to be missing.
None appear to be significant.
None appear to be students.
None appear to be subject to landslides or rock falls.
None appear to be unmanageable.
None appear to be worried.
None appear to consider ethno-cultural diversity adequately.
None appear to have a clear lead in usage.
None appear to have been spent.
None appear to have changed during the lifetime of the network.
None appear to have had enough evidence to back such speculation.
None appear to have sufficient political momentum.
None appears at any other land during nonbreeding season.
None appears in the book, beyond mystic insight.
None appears to have been set up scientifically and none appears to have been monitored correctly.
None appears to have dominated the commission.
None appears to speak any English.
None Applies no screening to the incoming data yielding a threshold image.
None approaches print quality.
None are a serious threat to national security, but each is capable of occasional acts of terrorism.
None are a threat to humans.
None are able to maintain a mature, consensual relationship with another adult.
None are able to pay what is owed.
None are about agriculture.
None are about loving same-gender relationships.
None are about music or traditions.
None are above criticism, in and of themselves.
None are absolutely objective.
None are accessible by road, but can be reached by trail, boat or small airplane.
NONE are active yet.
None are actually on the beach.
None are addictive.
None are against.
None are air-conditioned and they still contain chalk blackboards.
None are alive and remaining on the earth to be translated.
None are ambulance planes, and none are equipped for medical emergencies.
None are anime. . .
None are anywhere near complete yet.
None are as advanced as the mammalian egg, but they do show a nice progression.
None are as dangerous as the robed and tattered mages know as Liches.
None are as familiar as covey of quail or flock of seagulls.
None are as good as the speech above.
None are as yet iron-clad cases.
None are available as stock items.
None are available at the moment.
None are available commercially.
None are available for credit.
None are available for loan.
None are available for reprint or for use on other websites.
None are available for sale.
None are available for use anywhere else.
None are available if there was a general verdict.
None are available of their individual birthplace or their ages or antecendents.
None are available online.
None are available second hand.
None are available to read online.
None are available yet , but feel free to submit one or two.
None are available yet, though.
None are available.
None are availible in seperate folders.
None are avialible at the present time.
None are aware of the ludicrousness of their remarks.
None are backward compatable.
None are bad kids.
None are bad, but some are definitely better than others.
None are bad, they just require different handling and living situations.
None are bad.
None are before or after, above or below, another.
None are better than others.
None are better than the others.
None are better then the other.
None are better.
None are big enough for more than one soldier with a rifle.
None are bigger than an adult thumbnail.
None are bilingual.
None are binding as fadhl.
None are binding, they are just part of the process.
None are branches of foreign denominations or organizations.
None are capable of creating their own food directly from inorganic substances.
None are carcinogenic.
None are caricatures.
None are catchable sport fish.
None are central Ohio cases.
None are certified organic.
None are cheap.
None are Chinese.
None are Christian fundamentalists.
None are Christian per se.
None are clearly male or female.
None are clearly useful today for the diagnosis of early stages of fibrosis.
None are close enough to tell if they belong with other groups of graves.
None are close to implementing it, however.
None are close to market.
None are commercial in nature.
None are common.
None are compatible.
None are complete or integrate empirical relations.
None are completely opaque, none are fully soluble in acid, and most are light in weight.
None are completely satisfactory.
None are comprehensive and none search postings to the lists.
None are comprehensive.
None are computer technology experts.
None are confident they'll be in business next year.
None are considered carriers for illness or disease.
None are copy right protected.
None are copy right restricted.
None are correct.
None are cost-effective.
None are court-ordered cases.
None are critical.
None are cults.
None are currently available for individual sale online.
None are currently available.
None are currently overdue, but the quality has been slipping - very few substantive comments.
None are dangerous and all are fun.
None are decent predictors of intelligence for dull, normal, or bright children.
None are deep or complex, but each makes it points quickly, directly and clearly.
None are definable.
None are developing countries.
None are difficult to tie and all can be mastered with a little practice.
None are difficult, but all require close attention, especially the documents.
None are directly enterable.
None are disappointed.
None are disdainful, contemptuous or turned off by the homeless.
None are dispensable.
None are easy tasks.
None are easy to precisely identify much less correct.
None are easy.
None are eligible unless they fill the following qualifications.
None are empty.
None are English.
None are en-suite.
None are enthusiastic about it, and it seems more rote than anything else.
None are entirely satisfactory.
None are essential as the course is designed to be self contained.
None are eternal spirit, but live, copulate, get old and have children etc.
None are ethical.
None are ever busy due to their inaccessibility.
None are ever the same.
None are exact clones.
None are exact.
None are exceptionally skinny.
None are exempt from moral, medical, financial and other problems.
None are exempt from the unexpected malady.
None are exempt.
None are expensive.
None are extant.
None are extremely expensive, and all are very useful.
None are factory made or decorated, ready-made hats.
None are facts.
None are family members.
None are far from the Loire River.
None are fault-free.
None are feasible today.
None are financially self-sustaining.
None are first year direct loan schools.
None are fit.
None are flammable.
None are foolproof, and they can be a real pain for users.
None are foolproof, however.
None are foolproof.
None are fools always, though everyone sometimes.
None are for general drug or medicinal use on humans.
None are for outright sale.
None are for sale.
NONE are for sale.
None are forth coming.
None are found in captivity.
None are found.
None are free but they are very reasonably priced.
None are free until all are free.
None are frequency matched or frequency sorted.
None are freshwater animals.
None are from databases.
None are from endangered species.
None are from Iowa, although three new walk-ons are natives.
None are from Nebraska.
None are from southern England or London.
None are from the Roanoke Valley.
None are full text.
None are full time professional bodies.
None are fully operational.
None are generally available.
None are German.
None are good cut flowers.
None are good enough reasons to contribute to the killing of dogs.
None are great seats, but the price is face.
None are green, or purple with green rings, or green with yellow rings, or yellow with blue rings.
None are green, Or purple with green rings, Or green with yellow rings, Or yellow with blue rings.
None are hard and fast rules.
None are hard to find.
None are harmful.
None are healthy.
None are here, and none can be conjured back to life.
None are here, now all are here.
None are Hi.
None are higher or lower.
None are hostile, but some are unsure about some areas of Libertarian positions.
None are household names.
None are ideal.
None are identical.
None are immune, however.
None are impossible.
None are in active stage but all seem prepared to live out their lives there.
None are in any particular order.
None are in any position of administrative influence.
None are in captivity.
None are in custody.
None are in English.
None are in flyable condition.
None are in full text.
None are in Garden City.
None are in isolation.
None are in orbits that pose a threat for the foreseeable future.
NONE are in RAW metal.
None are in Richmond, yet.
None are in Russia, Turkey or the Balkans.
None are in showbiz.
None are in the area of potential effect.
None are in the Coastal Bend.
None are in the Fox Valley.
None are in the lead for now.
None are in the middle.
None are in the rural areas.
None are in the third category.
None are in the United States.
None are in walking distance.
None are in wheel chairs, have false limbs or blind.
None are inconsistent with neurophysiological reductionism.
None are innocent.
None are insignificant.
None are instant technical credentials.
None are interested.
None are irrelevant to the world of economics and investing.
None are juniors.
None are justified.
None are knowingly unsuitable for All Family viewing.
None are lame.
None are larger than Cendant, however, the third largest employer in the tri-county region, in fact.
None are legitimate.
None are likable.
None are likely to be even seriously considered.
None are likely to grow into huge spot markets or become a font of cost-saving reverse auctions.
None are links to an html document.
None are lost.
None are marine related.
None are married.
None are mass produced.
None are masters.
None are monolingual except the very old and the very young.
None are more desirable or effective when freely massed.
None are more highly respected or have as few enemies.
None are more hostile to the fight for equality than the trade union bureaucracy.
None are more important than improved understanding of international markets and related policies.
None are more misunderstood than sharks.
None are more needy in our day than the unborn.
None are more shocking, though than some of the graphic descriptions of the carnage and destruction.
None are more skilled in the arts, few are better architects or boast purer laws.
None are more than an inch high.
None are more than seven and one-half inches long.
None are more victimized than the uninsured.
None are motivational speakers, but their passions are inspiring.
None are mutually exclusive.
None are muzzy unless muzzyness is needed.
None are native to the islands.
None are native to the New World.
None are Native, two are black, the rest white.
None are natural.
None are near source of noise, ie bar or disco.
None are necessary.
None are new employees.
None are new.
None are now in print.
None are now.
None are of a pornographic nature, but some people are wussies and are offended easily.
None are of national or even statewide importance.
None are of public health significance.
None are on campus.
None are on emergency credential.
None are on the college network.
None are on the schedule.
None are on-line.
None are open for dinner, but there is a heavy schedule of evening events and client entertainment.
None are open to the public.
None are optional extras because each feeds off the other.
None are original.
None are out of reach.
None are over fourteen pages.
None are overtly malicious.
None are partial to direct sunlight.
None are particularly cheap when considered just in the light of dollar cost.
None are particularly effective.
None are particularly funny.
None are particularly reliable.
None are patent reform advocates.
None are pathogenic.
None are pending.
None are perfect and there are side effects such as weight gain and irritability.
None are perfect for all conditions.
None are perfect solutions for every problem or every classroom.
None are perfect, and none can be implemented immediately.
None are perfect, but each one is a step in the right direction.
None are perfect, but the biological species concept is the most applicable.
None are perfect, but they do a good enough job at what they do that people tolerate their flaws.
None are perfect.
None are permanent cures.
None are permanent repairers, for nothing can repair split ends.
None are permanent residents of the area.
None are permanent.
None are perpendicular to one another.
None are photosynthetic.
None are photosythetic.
None are pilots.
None are planets like our own.
None are Pontiacs.
None are poorer than the children of lone mothers.
None are preconditions for the others, examined one at a time.
None are prepared to comment publicly.
None are prepared to do anything about it.
None are present at today's meeting.
None are present in the example above.
None are presently available in Southern California.
None are presently available.
None are problem-free but all have features that can be incorporated into a Canadian system.
None are published nor proven.
None are punishable.
None are query-able.
None are quite true.
None are quite up to date with all the changes.
None are rare.
None are ready for implementation.
None are ready for the influx of financial, legal and policy issues that dementia poses.
None are ready yet for routine use in humans but the research is intense.
None are real diseases or syndromes.
None are really good.
None are really practical as regular holiday beaches unless one has use of a boat.
None are really pro-civil society, or seriously committed to freedom of expression.
None are registered for preplant residual or post-emergence application on buckwheat in New York.
None are registered for woodchuck control.
None are right at the terminal, but all are a few minutes away by agency shuttle buses.
None are right or wrong.
None are safe.
None are saints, but some kennel clubs are worse than others.
None are salesmen.
None are seconds.
None are sensitive to general background light.
None are sensitivity enhanced.
None are serious candidates, but can expect better speaking fees after dropping out.
None are serious.
None are seriously approachable without peace and justice.
None are servants.
None are silent.
None are singles.
None are smoke or alcohol free.
None are so blind as . . . . . .
None are so blind as . . .
None Are So Blind.
None are so high as to prevent the ferrite adequate discharge time between proton injections.
None are so important, however, as father and mother.
None are so observant and thoughtful and intelligent as the elephant family.
None are so reflective and sensitive and friendly as the elephant family.
None are so rich that they can get along without it, and none are so poor, but richer for a smile.
None are so rich that they can get along without it.
None are soft.
None are spam.
None are specific people, however.
None are specifically nutritional.
None are staff members.
None are steep or difficult.
None are still in use.
None are subject to excessive inflation.
None are successful in all circumstances.
None are such real enemies as false friends.
None are sufficiently low enough to promote recovery.
None are tasteless.
None are terribly spectacular at first blush.
None are the agreed upon standard, none are tested, and none are in the formal acquisition pipeline.
None are the best for everything.
None are the island's major trading partners and none are important players on the world stage.
None are the pinnacle of creation like the elephant family.
None are there today.
None are there yet, but they are getting closer to being an approximation of a learning community.
None are time-limited and all are fully functionable.
None are time-limited and all are fully functional.
None are to be excluded as possibilities.
None are to be found along the way from Turkey to South America.
None are to be found.
None are to be made redundant.
NONE are to be reproduced in any form without the written consent of their respective owners.
None are to be used without prior authorization and our expressed written consent.
None are to be used without written permission and our expressed written consent.
None are to live outdoors on a regular basis.
None are too big or too small.
None are too big to handle or too small to consider.
None are too difficult for anyone with a bit of kitchen savvy.
None are too hard, except for climbing a few layers of trees.
None are too lost to be found.
None are too precise.
None are too small or too large.
None are too small, too feeble, too poor to be of service.
None are too young, either in years, or in understanding, because healing is so simple.
None are totally right or wrong.
None are transparent gifs.
None are travel agents or have ever done work in travel.
None are true.
None are truly indigenous to the islands.
None are truly marine but they occupy virtually every terrestrial niche.
None are truly marine.
None are under the protection of the city, state or federal government.
None are undergraduates.
None are unethical.
None are unfriendly, but some ytpes just seem more interested in boats.
None are unique to Hosta and most are much more serious in other plant species.
None are up for the year.
None are valid for any vehicular operation.
None are valid.
None are very big.
None are very bright, clever, moral, or quite frankly interesting people.
None are very close, but some are within reasonable walking distance.
None are very comprehensive.
None are very deep.
None are very difficult.
None are very good.
None are very long.
None are very noticeable, very lovely piece.
None are very practical.
None are very precise.
None are vibrantly healthy, but they do manage to dodder along.
None are violations.
None are visible from the observing areas.
None are visible to unaided vision.
None are visible today.
None are waterproof or warm enough for winter use.
None are well-followed, even the bans on chemical weapons.
None are wild-collected.
None are willing to give a contract to someone with a unique style or sound.
None are within reasonable walking distance, but some offer kitchenettes.
None are without complications.
None are without consequences for our environment.
None are worth anything without each other.
None are worth saving to memory card.
None are worthy of the title.
None are wrong - just different.
None are Wrong as long as they are based in love.
None are wrong.
None are yet official, but each is supported by various web browsers and sites.
None argue longingly the bicycling to a range.
None Ask children to talk about what time they get up and what time they go to bed.
None Ask each child to choose an animal to role play.
None Ask for two volunteers.
None Ask the children to name some two person games.
None Ask the children what TV characters they like to imitate.
None asks directly about oral sex.
None attend school.
None attends school.
None be few stop none passenger both effort subscribe on little telecom.
None Be ready for the rains to taper off but patchy dense fog to replace it later tonight.
None bear much annotation.
None bears any witness to protohumans at all.
None bears collectibles gives stiff before exact, also event begin everyone.
None believe that breaking the laws of the secular authorities is okay.
None believe that the late arrival of influenza vaccines has influenced the rate of illness.
None believe when the prime suspect is a quadraplegic.
None believes in any pneumonia risk.
None belong to the natinal organizations listed below.
None bicycling remember useful when thick, unless operation encourage anybody.
None born among women are greater.
None builds new bone, the elusive goal of any future osteoporosis drug.
None bundle financial software aside from calculators.
None burns therein except the wicked.
None buy computer game changed natural consequently British, though song struck someone.
None buy sell telephone report earnest since useful, after translation crash something.
None calls for justice, nor any pleads for truth.
None calls the use oE artificial teeth, eyes and limbs as 'unnatural'.
None can actually sing.
None can affect man's instinctive abasement in the contemplation of power and rank.
None can afford much of it for long.
None can afford such ignorance.
None can afford to show indifference to our situation.
None can afford to suffer by comparisons.
None can afford to waste opportunities.
None can agree on exactly what is happening, but all are happy with the results.
None can answer.
None can approach it in quality.
None can appropriate it in exclusives ways.
None can appropriate it in exclusivist ways.
None can argue with that.
None can be a healer of wounds.
None can be better.
None can be met with only one department doing it alone, it is a combination of all.
None can be more debilitating than degenerative joint disease or osteoarthritis.
None can be right-triangles or isosceles, but all shapes can be arbitrarily approximated.
None can be truly itself without the others.
None can be unaware of the new context to which they belong.
None can be Vedantists, and at the same time admit of privilege for anyone.
None can beat the other.
None can belie the truth.
None can buy without taking the mark of the Beast.
None can claim religious priority over another.
None can claim to be a refugee.
None can claim to do so perfectly.
None can come from company revenues.
None can come from the use of it.
None can compare to the shit they have there.
None can compare, down came the wall.
None can complain about the generous fairways and unassuming rough.
None can confer the gift of eternal life but thou alone.
None can conflict with any other, or be deemed to.
None can constitute more than a fraction of dark matter.
None can defend themselves or produce their own vital resources.
None can demand credence on any other than rational grounds.
None can dent or destroy our culture, our inherent Love for India.
None can deny a new world vision is being born.
None can deny that having only female speakers is an uncommon occasion.
None can deny that the archaeologists have been careful in their work.
None can deny that the city is a hive of possibilities, both good and bad.
None can deny the freeness with which it is offered.
None can deny the iconic greatness of a ridiculously large car spoiler.
None can destroy their faith.
None can discharge thy functions better than thine own self.
None can do it for another.
None can do it.
None can do the work of the other.
None can doubt the fullness of the scheme of redemption contained.
None can e'er prize it too fondly or well.
None can either advance or retreat if the ground be measured.
None can either advance or retreat if the ground is measured.
None can either advance or retreat, if the ground be measured.
None can escape feeling the peculiar spirit of the place.
None can escape it.
None can escape reading about Israel in Holy Writ or in newsprint.
None can escape the righteous requirements of the law by deliberate opposition to it.
None can ever fully know themselves, let alone claim to truly know another person.
None can ever have it better.
None can ever interrupt.
None can ever steal.
None can exist for long without the others.
None can fashion such roads now, but the king suffers no grass to grow upon it.
None can fulfill the higher functions of helping to generate the quality material most readers want.
None can fully sing the glory Of the resurrection story.
None can fundamentally alter the political economy of a community or the nation.
None can go further.
None can Go wrong.
None can grasp it except the sincere.
None can have complete autonomy if the system is to be integrated effectively.
None can hold advanced degrees.
None can hunt for the term of their probation.
None can hunt wildlife for the term of probation.
None can just wait.
None can know for another the mysteries of spiritual companionship.
None can know, however, the joys of being holy and pure but the holy.
None can less afford to delay than the aged sinner.
None can live in a loch.
None can live when the sun is veiled by clouds.
None can make perfect speed all the time.
None can match it.
None can match our commitment to our clients and our employees.
None can match the mother in imparting sacred teachings to the children.
None can measure it.
None can move without affecting all of the others.
None can offer a lasting and happy solution to the spiritually disturbed Japanese people.
None can offer what U of L can.
None can open is an equally pungent truth.
None can pass up a Dove Bar while arguing the merits of the book under discussion.
None can perform all the tasks of preventive diplomacy adequately alone.
None can provide specific reunion notice information over the phone.
None can reach beyond the grave.
None can really adopt asceticism without the knowledge of the self.
None can reasonably claim to embody the flourishing that is uniquely human.
None can remove sin's poisoned dart Or purify our guileful heart, So deep is our corruption.
None can replace parents . . .
None can reply-all seems eternal now.
None can resist.
None can say exactly.
None can say where life begins or where it ends, nor where one colour becomes the next.
None can say.
None can shirk that responsibility.
None can stand alone to accomplish recovery.
None can stand alone.
None can stand before it without trembling at it's strength.
None can stand upon water, but upon a rock all find a secure footing.
None can stem the tide, none can hold it back for a minute.
None can succeed without the others.
None can survive without the other two.
None can swim with another s buoy.
None can teach the doctrine of salvation but thyself.
None can tell exactly what they are.
None can understand or believe it unless they see it.
None can walk over rocky, uneven terrain.
None can work alone.
None cancels another.
None cancels the animation.
None capture the spirit.
None carries a signature.
None carries a very harsh penalty, however.
None carry an admission charge.
None carry guns, but all nevertheless manage to prostrate their enemies with a few graceful kicks.
None check out billiards book tear deep also none current absence include a yellow stretch.
None choose business.
None claims lordship over the others.
None claims to have reached it, but all press toward it.
None Clears all non-Access selections.
None Clears all selections.
NONE Click the links below to go to previous bulletins.
None Click the OK button.
None Closes the conversion stream.
None come close to it.
None come from Topeka or Kansas.
None come immediately to mind.
None come out and say why they prefer siberians.
None come out the same.
None come to mind as far as utility, but just about every one was interesting and informative.
None come to mind.
None come with sheet feeders.
None come with the game in doubt.
None comes close.
None comes forth.
None comes from a distance.
None comes from an ethnic minority.
None comes without a cost.
None commands the respect it once did.
None communicate in full sentences, and all require special attention and patience.
None compare auto insurance near immediate, usual handle bet a social bit around few shame.
None compare to thee.
None compares to the original.
None compete with each other.
None competes with one another.
None complains about wet clothes, and everyone enjoys the feast with water.
None completes the entire task alone.
None concludes that any human health hazard has been proved.
None conduct photosynthesis .
None conduct photosynthesis.
None confer an advantage over the fresh vegetable, high fiber pellets, and unlimited hay diet.
None connect everything play several skirt how fact smile out few cheap skateboards.
None consider women's own accounts of how they feel when angry.
None constitute a danger to man or the environment.
None contain cholesterol.
None contain nitrates.
None contain people weekly magazine from an hook both they whisper anybody cause by follow.
None contain Sailing from an hook both they whisper anybody cause by follow.
None contain violence intended to thrill the audience.
None contains any formaldehyde.
None contradict it.
None contribute to the riparian ecology.
None cover all.
None cover routine maintenance, such as oil changes or tune ups.
None Covers arithmetic topics necessary for other mathematics and related courses.
None Covers the application of building practices covered in the first semester classes.
None Create new session.
None crosses another.
None currently broadcasts on the Internet. . .
None currently exists at the university.
None currently exists in industry.
None currently exists in Irish statute law.
None currently exists.
None currently Return to Links page or Public Policy Forum page.
None dare call it collusion.
None dare call it praise, of course. . .
None dare call it sentiment.
None dare denounce it directly.
None dare forge a new path with their own views.
None dare to make a sound.
None deals with a release-transfer hearing in a juvenile proceeding.
None deals with the full range of information privacy issues.
None deals with the substance.
None deals with third parties.
NONE defines a button that indicates none of the other choices.
None Deletes an entire subtree.
None denies the importance of using the Internet.
None depend on remembering content.
None depends on another.
None describe the present practice of psychiatry accurately.
None Describes and explains the evolution of adult behavior over the life span.
None deserve more praise than our Thai hosts.
None deserve our support.
None deserves to be quickened.
None deserves to die.
None Designed for non-majors, the course explores the global problems facing society today.
None Determines the number of printing positions required for a wide character.
None develops a general analytical framework.
None disables logging.
NONE disables the font rendering features.
None disbelieves therein except the transgressor, the sinful.
None discover something begin lots court before mud match with an msr helmet.
None display the green cast often associated with peralkaline glasses.
None do a thing.
None do it any better, or worse.
None do it automatically.
None do it better.
NONE Do no checks.
NONE Do no inlining.
None do now.
None do that now and few claim to.
None do that so well as fantasy novels.
None Does relieve bone pain.
None does when one is dead.
None dominates, but together all create a pleasing dissonance.
None doubts it.
None drinks alone.
None durst come near for fear of sudden death.
None earn nothing reading all witness also twelve mistake upon many wakeboards overtons.
None ease the backaches, abdominal cramps, migraines and mood swings.
None eat plants.
None Eat, drink, be merry.
None employs the full range of evaluation possibilities.
None Enable the serial line interface protocol for the console port.
None ends up on the ground, reducing the risk of runoff.
None enjoy a more beautiful setting.
None enjoy the pleasures of bodily health, but they who are in health.
None enter into the Kingdom except by the way of the cross.
None equals thee.
None escape from any family until they have altered their entire nature.
None escape the fearful entail.
None even come close to approaching U.S. sub capability.
None even comes close.
None even offers it as a possibility.
None ever are.
None ever born can answer that.
None ever come close.
None ever condemns or tries to negate oneself.
None ever does so in evidence.
None ever has.
None ever marries.
None ever modifies source code.
None exactly reveals a smoking gun, but many do at least seem to be related to smoking of some sort.
None exhibit enzymatic activity, suggesting they operate solely as signal adapters.
None exist at present.
None exist for Kentucky.
None exist in Georgia.
None exist in nature.
None exist thus far.
None exist today.
None exists at present.
None exists at the present moment.
None exists except lissencephaly.
None exists here.
None exists in isolation.
None exists in New York state regulation of reflexology.
None exists in the literature claiming that one species has been shown to evolve into another.
None exists now.
None exists on Earth.
None exists that cuts across cellulosic crops.
None exists yet, but some are getting close.
None exists, and information on juveniles is incomplete and often unreliable.
None expect their volume to decrease.
None expects great improvement for another decade or two.
None expects to be profitable anytime soon.
None Explores the variety of cultures and social organization around the world.
None expressly requires the roles to be separate or the chairman to be a nonemployee director.
None faces criminal charges.
None faces longer odds against survival.
None find adverse health effects associated with significant increases in radiation doses.
None finds it.
None flows through the fingers after exerting full compression.
None fold for storage.
None Foundered Do.
NONE Generates no debug information.
None get a chance to get old.
None get it right all the time.
None Get the previous message in the collection.
None Get URL Loads the document from the URL into the specified window.
None Gets a little die back in the winter.
None gets high marks for beauty.
None gianni versace fashion to special, hopeful wine delivering lots large shoppers off an movie.
None give a scientific explanation.
None give credit for shipping charges.
None give library locations.
None give thanks but the turkey.
None given Full-time graduate minority students are eligible for awards to study accounting.
None gives it the same level of visible attention.
None Gives no permissions to the selected user.
None gives suggestions for other, outside sources.
None Giving gifts to family and friends can be a way to express caring and love.
None go home disappointed.
None go long stretches idle.
None Go there for the price.
None go to the medial pterygoid plate.
None Go to the previous , next section.
None go up.
None goes for overhead.
None goes up there hacking away when it's time to lay down a bunt.
None golfballs cobra cook recent likewise accurate, until survey contact it.
None guarantees concrete benefits to anyone to the exclusion of anyone else.
None happens to be a music major.
None has a basis in law.
None has a clear answer to the problem of the massive debts afflicting many countries.
None has a clear beginning nor end and none has an author that is the sole source.
None has a clear lead.
None has a computer at home.
None has a corner on corruption.
None has a death wish.
None has a defining editorial personality.
None has a drug problem.
None has a formulaic answer, but each reminds that material issues of fact remain unresolved.
None has a greater claim to live free.
None has a greater position than another.
None has a home or family.
None Has a large loft area.
None has a listed telephone number.
None has a monopoly of power.
None has a monopoly on the answers.
None has a murkier part than Lt.-Gen.
None has a name, just a number scrawled in blue felt tip on each bag.
None has a real clunker, though some titles are more winsome than others.
None has a secure future.
None has a special status.
None has a superior right.
None has a track record of effectiveness, save for andedotal claims.
None has a vote in the matter.
None has an agent.
None has an integrated environmental geology and biology curriculum.
None has an obligatory null onset.
None has any announced opposition.
None has any assets to protect in a bankruptcy.
None has any obvious connection with the automotive sector.
None has any outstanding characteristics and, at least, one has a low moral threshold.
None has any reason to shift.
None has any trim and all are unbelted.
None has any use outside of the context of the specific exercises that came with it.
None has authority to hire or fire other journalists.
None has been established, so start out small and increase as desired.
None has cancer.
None has charges outstanding, but a few have been convicted of crimes.
None has comprehensive coverage of the Web.
None has everything open.
None has five toes.
None has franchises in or near Texas.
None has freshness, uniqueness, or strangeness.
None has health insurance.
None has inaccurate information.
None has incentive clauses in their contract for making the Pro Bowl.
None has Internet access.
None has involvement in animal research.
None has lyrics.
None has merit.
None has much time for the Booker-winning elite.
None has previous head coaching experience.
None has professional experience.
None has sewer hookups, but a dump station is in the camp ground.
None has special training for the position.
None has substantial scientific evidence, yet.
None has such a right as the believer has to rejoice and be happy.
None has superiority in varying degree of piled up wealth.
None has the built-in features of Spinnaker.
None has the credentials of Northern Iowa.
None has the inserting volume necessary to justify new equipment purchases on their own.
None has the potential to fully revitalize the downtown core.
None Has the potential to reduce the overall processing time for permit approval.
None has the right to judge another.
None has the same animal, smokes the same brand or drinks the same beverage.
None has to be abandoned or redone.
None has to date.
None has totally independent status.
None has TVs.
None has twin beds.
None has yet, so any putative royalties are at least six to ten years away.
None Have a discussion circle with the children.
None have a fence.
None have a health department number.
None have a standard regarding degree of authenticity or accepted experts.
None have a well expanded tooth crowns.
None have a window office.
None have a woolly undercoat.
None have access to potable water.
None have adequate federal safeguard to protect against discrimination.
None have adequate federal safeguards to protect against discrimination.
None have adequate kitchen or bathroom facilities.
None have an approved system of sewage disposal.
None have an equivalent in any of the health and physical education professional programs.
None have any affiliation with the university.
None have any claim to salvation.
None have any connection with any administration offices of any school.
None have any credentials , some of the predications they give are just bonkers.
None have any discomfort, and so far show no signs of infection or rejection.
None have any financial or other pecuniary interest in any aspect of the pipfruit industry.
None have any lasting value because they're artificial.
None have any problems.
None have any rules changes.
None have any signs of positive resolution.
None have any sort of expertise on contemporary international fiction.
None have any spirituality beyond that of an ersatz compassionate humanism run amok.
None have any support for their existence outside of their depictions in a book.
None have anything to do with sexual abuse.
None have as a principal or primary effect the advancement or inhibition of religion.
None have balconies.
None have basements, but all have crawl spaces.
None have beaches, but several offer attractive marine views.
None have better.
None have cholesterol, and all are terrific sources of dietary fiber.
None have close rivals.
None have colds.
None have conclusive answers.
None have employee benefits.
None have enough RAM to bring up any intricate websites consistantly.
None have execution dates.
None have finality.
None have floating lens elements.
None have funeral director.
None have grasping tails.
None have guns, attempts at world domination, or trips to a technologically terrifying future.
None have hard drives.
None have indoor plumbing.
None have large black populations.
None have lenses.
None have made it out of committee, much less become law.
None have membership requirements.
None have mineralcorticoid activity.
None have more or less.
None have more.
None have notable flaws.
None have phones.
None have portholes.
None have prerequisites.
None have prior board experience.
None have prior records.
None have private baths.
None have reeular lobs.
None have reporters on staff.
None have rings.
None have siphons.
None have sleeves.
None have so profound importance than the following two areas.
None have telephones or televisions.
None have the authority to report legislation.
None Have the children sit in a talking circle and review some things that happened in the show.
None Have the children sit in a talking circle.
None have the courage to do what the man just did, even if they often imagine that.
None have the effect of law, and compliance is voluntary.
None have the making of original music as their primary focus.
None have the mobility to provide greetings for their children and few have money to buy gifts.
None have the new laundry, however.
None have the potential to justify relief.
None have the security forces' code of silence.
None have the strength to move about as younger people do.
None have union representation.
None have wings, though a few can glide on leaves or are naturally buoyant.
None have yet to be brought forth.
None have yet to certify their equipment prompting fears of a last minute rush.
None have zip codes.
None have, yet.
None Help low income families with food and utilities.
None Helps prospective foster parents to understand the role of temporary parents and caregivers.
None here are in wide screen.
None here are more important than the next.
None Hides the progress bar.
None Highlights the current line.
None holds an edge in machinery or crew.
None however challenge the local people's passion for camel-racing and falconry.
None identify the use of a deadly weapon as an element of the offense.
None implies such information is obsolete for that move.
None indexes the entire web.
None indicate where a bigfoot is .
None indicates no ammo nor fuel is necessary for that weapon, thus providing endless use.
None indicates no screen echo.
None indicates no typing echo.
None indicates that no global default hit counter has been specified.
None indicates, with any assurance, that it has any possible pre-natal application.
None Initializes a conversion stream by identifying the source and the target codesets.
None Introduces many important aspects of rape and the consequences associated with the act.
None Introduces the basic techniques used in engineering and scientific communication.
None Introduces the student to the basic principles of macroeconomics.
None Introduces the student to the basic principles of microeconomics.
None Introduces the student to the basic principles of the information highway.
None Introduces the use of bronze sand-casting processes.
None Introduces various aspects of each exceptionality.
None involve a significant amount of travel.
None involve any program of watershed improvement.
None involve Citrus County.
None involve costly architectural changes.
None involve inadvertent disclosure of client information.
None involve maintaining the status quo.
None involve mere memorization.
None involve unethical conduct.
None involve waivers, entry fees, awards.
None involves a uniform anything.
None involves an inquiry into a person's subjective state of mind.
None involves quotas.
None involves stretching the ordinary meaning.
None involves using commas to set off explanatory material.
None is a cancer patient.
None is a cure-all.
None is a guarantee.
None is a healthy or wholesome love.
None is a household title.
None is a member of a targeted ethnic group.
None is a mere means or an instrument to the ends of others or to the larger collectivity.
None is a parent.
None is a portion word and is plural here because of neighbors .
None is a precise parallel for Algeria, but each shows that better solutions are possible.
None is a prenatal test.
None is a professional, but all are dedicated, and marvelous and wonderful things happen.
None is a professional, but all are dedicated.
None is a required course text.
None is a required item.
None is a slave whose acts are free.
None is a speedster, but they all handle E-mail, Web surfing, and word processing well.
None is a typical, everyday researcher.
None is a wonderful number.
None is able to accommodate large boats.
None is able to reliably and completely share information with other jurisdictions.
None is absolutely better than the others.
None is achieved.
None is actually on the riverbank, but all three are very close to it.
None is adduced.
None is affected.
None is albino.
None is allocated to UVa.
None is among the finalists.
None is an adjective, jack-ass.
None is an appealing alternative to continuing high sales.
None is an authority on spiritual matters.
None is an urban legend.
None is an utter dog, and plenty are good to great.
None is anticipated.
None is any brighter nor better than any other.
None is anywhere near profitable.
None is applicable universally.
None is approved of for that alone.
None is around anymore.
None is as complex as a word processor or a spreadsheet.
None is as expensive as a new bike.
None is as nurturing to our kind, however, as breast-feeding.
None is as obscure as, say, a little-known African dialect or such.
None is as rich.
None is as true of use of the term 'para'.
None is as yet satisfactory to all parties.
None is asked for and none is received.
None is assigned, none is accepted.
None is available at present.
None is available because none is enthroned in the western countries.
None is available in Ecuador.
None is available in Salina.
None is available on site.
None is available on the island.
None is available yet.
None is avilable now.
None is based on travel charged to government grants or contracts.
None is Before or After in time than the other.
None is believed to be captive bred.
None is believed to have openly violated immigration laws.
None is benthic, deepwater, or oceanic.
None is better or worse.
None is better than another.
None is better than any other.
None is better, only different.
None is better, worse, stronger or weaker than the others.
None is better.
None is boldly dramatic.
None is bulky, but the smaller the better.
None is celebrated at the ninth hour.
None is cited because no such requirement exists.
None is clearly better than the rest.
None is clearly so important that it by itself justifies the construction of DNA computers.
None is close to being enforced.
None is complete in itself.
None is complete without the other.
None is complete, although some are in the advanced stages of construction.
None is compliant.
None is comprehensive except the final.
None is conceivable without the others.
None is considered a masterpiece.
None is considered a serious concern.
None is considered fully effective at control, much less eradication.
None is considered serious.
None is considered the official or standard time scale.
None is considered toxic by U.S. government agencies.
None is consigned to a sheltered workshop, but all are out and about in town.
None is correct.
None is crassly commercial in genesis or implementation.
None is created in vain.
None is cropped, either.
None is crossed out.
None is cut for administrative costs, and all money stay in Owensboro.
None is dead or in jail.
None is decaffeinated.
None is desired here.
None is diagnostic, and none reveals the pathogenesis of the disease process.
None is digital.
None is displayed if there is no screen saver active.
None is dissimilar in Substance than the other.
None is driven to be or to do anything specific.
None is dropped.
None is easy.
None is either all good or bad.
None is elected.
None is eligible as a state or county champion tree.
None is endemic to the atoll.
None is endemic.
None is established.
None is even close.
None is ever forthcoming, for quantum theory is like nothing they've ever seen before.
None is ever so busy as death.
None is exempt from change.
None is expendable.
None is expressible or definable in terms simpler than themselves.
None is far from reception.
None is far-fetched.
None is for normal printing on one side of the paper.
None is forthcoming.
None is found in grains, legumes, fruits, vegetables, nuts or seeds.
None is found in the hall in southeast Fresno.
None is found to be entirely satisfactory.
None is found.
None is free to take sovereign decisions, and none is doing well.
None is free until all are free.
None is frivolous.
None is from the Roanoke Valley.
None is given in text.
None is given.
None is glamorous, none is a worthy role model for anyone.
None is good .
None is good, save one.
None is governed by any religious sect or denomination.
None is greater or wiser by nature than any other.
None is greater than the other.
None is Greater than the other.
None is greater.
None is grown commercially in Australia.
None is Haitian.
None is happy about the arrival of Planet Hollywood.
None is hardier or more adaptable.
None is higher or more praiseworthy.
None is higher.
None is ideal.
None is identical to any other.
None is identified by name.
NONE is ignored.
None is illegitimate.
None is implied.
None is imported.
None is in a position of authority or high salary.
None is in any way as well known and as highly respected as the Nobel Peace Prize.
None is in captivity.
None is in charge but all can contribute.
None is in custody, but each faces up to three years in prison if convicted.
NONE is in effect.
None is in Kentucky.
None is in North Carolina.
None is in sight.
None is in Tennessee.
None is in the library.
None is included in the RFD rafts.
None is included with the product.
None is inherently superior to the other.
None is intended for nor suitable for cosmetic drug food agricultural or household use.
None is intended.
None is intrinsically right or wrong.
None is invited to cocktails.
None is involved in the case.
None is involved, directly or indirectly, in weapons programs.
None is just like the next.
None is just superior or inferior.
None is known for management ability.
None is known to be active at present, but our data is very limited.
None is known to be alive today.
None is known to be alive.
None is known to eat ladybirds, but several, including bluetits and warblers, feed on aphids.
None is known to exist.
None is known to grow hair or prevent baldness.
None is known, but treatment of the disorder prevents recurrence.
None is known.
None is labeled.
None is labelled.
None is larger than a quarter-inch.
None is left behind.
None is left on the center grounds.
None is left with any doubt as to their ancient wisdom and royal status.
None is left.
None is less important than the other.
None is less than five acres.
None is less than six foot four.
None is licensed or otherwise eligible to sell insurance in Texas.
None is likely to be habitable.
None is likely to happen without organized political effort.
None is likely to reject a proposition on political or economic grounds.
None is likely to retreat without a good fight.
None is listed as a co-author with another band member.
None is located.
None is married.
None is mentioned in the complaint.
None is monolithic.
None is more affected than the manufacturing of framesets with composites technology.
None is more applicable to today's investment climate than The Go-Go Years.
None is more challenging or potentially more beneficial to the nation than precision agriculture.
None is more crucial.
None is more destructive, however, than the disintegration of the family.
None is more distinctive than that of the Virgin Islands.
None is more ecologically spectacular or economically vital than the tambaqui.
None is more explosively factional than the ethics of underwater archaeology.
None is more helpful, more active, more dedicated than the Friends of the Venice Public Library.
None is more important than another.
None is more important than education.
None is more important than embracing opportunities presented by the Internet.
None is more important than our cooperation in the field of law.
None is more important than the information contained in The Bottom Line .
None is more important than the one the two researchers are working on in Sydney.
None is more important than to share the blessings of faith with others.
None is more important.
None is more indicative of life than that of the lady with the dust cloth.
None is more intriguing than the many stone rows.
None is more likely to guarantee outstanding financial performance than another.
None is more noble.
None is more obvious than fall foliage especially here in Vermont.
None is more or less valuable.
None is more powerful than love.
None is more regular than another.
None is more relevant in the present context than the principle of freedom of association.
None is more remarkable than the persistence of a low and stable rate of inflation.
None is more so than another.
None is more special or treasured in the Australian ethos than the Anzac tradition.
None is more suited to the job than one of cinema's favorite psychos.
None is more than a five-minute bus or train ride away.
None is more than three hours from Phoenix.
None is more than two hundred pages in length.
None is more true.
None is more valid than the other, none less valid.
None is mounted.
None is mutually exclusive.
None is necessarily any better or worse than any other.
None is necessary.
None is needed .
None is needed for the USB version.
None is needed here at all.
None is needed if all the breast was removed.
None is needed to be on the team.
None is needed to hunt Exotics.
None is needed under anticipated use conditions with adequate ventilation.
None is needed.
None is new or experimental.
None is non-performing.
None is occupied.
None is of a higher or lesser value.
None is of self.
None is of significance in pollinating our cultivated crops.
None is offered every semester.
None is offered to the reader.
None is on record.
None is online.
None is optimal yet.
None is overburdened with equations.
None is paid for their service to the state.
None is part of the lawsuit.
None is particularly historically accurate.
None is particularly useful in sorting the rich variety of tribal formations in Iran.
None is perfect because of sin.
None is perfect because the two kinds of sperm are very similar.
None is perfect or inspired.
None is perfect, and none provides the final answer.
None is perfect, and one is actually insane.
None is perfect, and only one is fully free.
None is perfect, nor all-encompassing, but one is free and the others are fairly inexpensive.
None is perfect.
None is permitted to scale the glorious heights but after discipline of sorrow.
None is persuasive.
None is planned right now but stay tuned.
None is possible.
None is precisely right.
None is preferable.
None is prerequisite to any other.
None is present in traditional media.
None is proved by ''scientific'' demonstration.
None is quoted.
None is rare.
None is really better than the other.
None is really more vital than any other and no one alone ensures victory.
None is recommended for the very high soil test category.
None is remotely amusing or worthy of note.
NONE is required as the default case, and succeeds when no stoppers are in.
None is required as the receiver is tested with a new message at least once a week.
None is required but the following treat aspects of the subject matter well.
None is required to access our pages.
None is required under normal conditions.
None is required whatsoever.
None is required, but some parents and students like to shop.
None is required.
NONE is returned if there are no accents, and multi is returned if there is more than one.
NONE is returned if there are none.
NONE is returned otherwise.
None is right for everyone, or for every occasion.
None is run through straw bale walls.
None is satisfactory, but all are useful for separating grossly different risks.
None is scheduled now.
None is second class.
None is seeded higher than fourth, yet here they are, one victory from going to the Final Four.
None is seen reaching the stomach by x-ray.
None is separate.
None is seriously ill.
None is short term or easy to achieve.
None is short-term.
None is signed.
None is significant.
None is significantly ahead of another.
None is significantly more effective, and only ibuprofen can claim an edge in safety.
None is singular, except when it is plural.
None is singular.
None is so burdened with contradictions and misinformation.
None is so good as to earn it, none so bad as to be denied it.
None is specified by statute or by rule.
None is specified.
NONE is specified.
None is stable.
None is static.
None is still alive, three dying on descent and the others dying shortly thereafter.
None is substantial.
None is sufficient alone to justify the objectionable in a work of literature.
None is sufficient by itself.
None is sufficient in itself to make the diagnosis.
None is sufficient, for an honors paper achieves a remarkable synthesis of a number of attributes.
None is sufficient.
None is suitable to be used for small flows from a small, on-farm watershed.
None is superfluous.
None is superior or inferior.
None is superior over the other.
None is superior to the other elements in the system.
None is superlative.
None is taken out for administration or other purposes.
None is the ace.
None is the answer.
NONE is the answer.
None is the best.
None is the creator or the destroyer of the other.
None is the default value.
NONE is the default, and does nothing.
None is the default.
None is the final word on the topic.
NONE is the first choice domain name box.
NONE is the last priority examined.
None is the measure.
None is the plain English meaning.
None is the product of any private organization.
None is 'the right answer' in every circumstance.
None is the top producer in every environment, every field, every year.
None is the wrong answer.
None is threatened or endangered.
None is to be excluded.
None is to bury or burn a corpse in the city.
None is too complicated or too easy.
None is too deep and none is too rough.
None is too godless to have been invited long ago.
None is too highly colinear and thus together combine for a good grouping of technical tools.
None is too large or too small.
None is too lost or too insignificant to be sought.
None is Too Many.
None Is Too Many.
None is totally innocent and none is totally to blame.
None is totally reliable for all purposes.
None is under construction.
None is unique to family medicine.
None is used to advance any religious cause.
None is usually necessary.
None is value free or value neutral.
None is wasted in the lower transistor.
None is wasted on pathways.
None is wilder or more valuable than Alaska s Arctic National Wildlife Refuge.
None is with the organization, but they showed promise at that point in their careers.
None is within a mile of a toxic dump, the analysis shows.
None is without complications.
None is without problems.
None is written in blood or is sacrosanct.
None is younger than sixty.
None is zero.
None is, and none can answer Where to thy asking.
None is, conversely, capable of being disproved.
None is, however, the parish, village or county from which the colonial New England line comes.
None join unless they've been immersed.
None justifies the execution of persons with mental retardation.
None keeps the flash off at all times.
None know divine order and headship better than the angels.
None know for fiberglass.
None know it better.
None know of the child who still cries inside.
None know what became of the little tot.
None know what it is.
None know why it works and there is reluctance to talk about it since it is so simple.
None know why they choose there, but they did, and returned with seeds.
None know, possibly skin or respiratory diseases.
None known since product is a gas at room temperature.
None known, the vendor suggest placing a firewall infront of the websweeper application.
None knows any of the others.
None knows the day nor the hour.
None knows what the word quit means.
None ladies golf until lean, green cheer gain several latest suggestions aboard whatever goose.
None lands on earth because it is diverted away by the earth's magnetic field.
None lead back to the same place.
None leaps out as the cause.
None Learn a variety of basketball games that can be played individually or in groups.
None Learn how to play dominoes.
None Learn how to use the Internet efficiently and effectively for academic research.
None legally exists unless one acquieses to such law.
None Let's Make Contact Note About Contacts.
None lies within an urban growth boundary.
None likely exists.
None listed but position is available immediately.
None live at home.
None live in Madagascar.
None live in the Northern Hemisphere.
None live in the rain forests of West Africa or the Congo.
None live in trees .
None live in trees.
None live then.
None live there now.
None lives alone.
None lives naturally in the wild here.
None look at each other, but there is small talk and polite laughter.
None look dangerous in the context of mobile phones or radio masts.
None look like a bodybuilder.
None looks poised to resume testing.
None looks promising.
None looks the environmentalist's way.
None looks to have any immediate fantasy value.
None lusts after a contested primary.
None maintains it cause lots mud when sailor recommends below all foot warmer.
None make a reference to the views of the inmates.
None make clear exactly how to start authoring.
None make sense, and most importantly, none help.
None make some qualified to live and others unqualified.
None makes any sense.
None makes it big.
None makes it into the new year.
None makes reference to crucifixion.
None match human translation.
None match the standard exactly since it is evolving.
None matches that from breast milk.
None mean hunger.
None means default to the largest win year.
None means no color is masked out.
NONE means no ports are provided or offered as an option.
None means none.
NONE means that there are no inside borders.
None means that there is no border.
None means the fund charges no sales or redemption fees.
None means the motor has no protection.
None means zero.
None mention accessibility or usability.
None mentions the story related here.
None micron full exhaust Completely stock at present.
None moves faster than the speed of light.
None moves from place to place.
None mysteriously appear.
None needed - size is universal.
None needs to go into the export chain.
None Never gets chlorotic, despite the alkiline soil and being right by the foundation.
None Note About Contacts.
NONE Note About Contacts.
None notice few lain one opinion as rules archived across lots bennington golf bag.
None now remain.
None nowadays denies it.
None obtains a salary or expense reimbursement.
None occur in both oceans.
None occur north of the Missouri River in our state.
None occurs in fresh water.
None offer a unified voice and data solution as compelling or as seamless as Europe s.
None offer any real proof.
None offer diagnosis and treatment, but some do offer recoded information.
None offer lower rates to drinkers.
None offer structured programs around their higher end dedicated and collocated services until now.
None offer the ability to recognize arbitrary shapes, symbols or graphics.
None offer to filter the trash.
NONE offer two-tiered commission structures which IS the most fair structure for webmasters.
None offers a single, comprehensive view that supports the needs of all users.
None offers air conditioning or room service, never mind laptop-friendly phone lines.
None offers free abridged versions.
None offers much threat except the finale at Colorado.
None operate in the same manner.
None originate from the United States.
None ought to part withit themselves, or deprive others of it, but upon most mature Consideration.
None outshines the others across the board.
None overpowers the other.
None own the buggy or the mule.
None paint a pretty picture of the hiring process at the collegiate level.
None paints a pretty picture.
None pass inside, unless on wings.
None Passes one or more command-line flags to the compiler.
None pay gold, that alaska opposite essential travel within honest tray.
None Performs a single redo operation.
None Performs a single undo operation.
None perish alone in their iniquity.
None permit the execution of even moderately complex searches.
None pisces weekly horoscope seek ripe still sick, and corner satisfy whomever.
None plans to fail, they simply fail to plan.
None plans to retire anytime soon.
None plans to scan paper bills into electronic images forever.
None play games online bake practical otherwise any, however brain fit everyone.
None play goalie yet.
None play our particular blend of highly listenable soft contemporary hits.
None plays the stereotyped part one or another of the West's contradictory myths dictates.
None pose a greater potential threat to America than Moscow's hydra-headed missiles.
None poses any danger.
None Posted at the present time, please check back.
NONE predict a runaway greenhouse effect.
None predict an unusually high warming localised in the Antarctic Peninsula.
None presently exist.
None presumes that human beings think, feel, or act alike in every context.
NONE prints no lines or bars.
None Prints the active document.
None Prints various messages using a string parameter.
NONE Produce no ACF values at all - i.e. ACFs are all zero.
None Produces top quality silage.
None promise a pain-free delivery.
None promise land report earnest since useful, after translation crash something.
None promises to be easy.
None provide any flood control.
None provide cost,salary or bonus figures, making it impossible to guess atrelative profitability.
None provide free e-mail updates.
None provide in-person access to Pacific employees.
None provide prescription coverage.
None provide video.
None Provides a template class for storing and manipulating complex numbers.
None Provides a variety of services.
None Provides economic security for a worker during temporary periods of unemployment.
None Provides food, clothing, medicines, assistance with utilities.
None Provides housing, food and various services for battered women and their children.
None Provides instruction on types, ways, and principals of effective communication.
None Provides links to venture capital sites as well as to professional services.
None Provides patient education and detection, professional education and research.
None Provides patient self-help courses and offers a support group.
None provides reason to stray from the tried and true.
None provides the level of help required by a tax novice or a taxpayer with a complicated return.
None provides the perfect answer, especially when it comes to menopause.
None pursue the redistributionist objectives that draw ordinary economic interests into the Beltway.
NONE Push the object 'None' onto the stack.
None question the basic outlines of the new global order.
None quotes peer-reviewed articles.
None rawlings out cherry, mere can forgive many difficult newspaper before few leader.
None reach second.
None reach the summit.
None reach the surface of the Earth.
None reaches all of the billions of Web pages out there.
None reaches the deepest part known as the dark zone.
None really explains all the malformations.
None really intend anything of the sort.
None receive any financial support from Kettering for holding forums.
None receive any remuneration.
None Receive technical instruction in using digital cameras.
None recommend a ban on clearcutting.
None refer to removing or cutting the hair.
None refer to vague or undefined longer ages.
None reflect a particular investment.
None regret their decision and the path they took.
None relates to specific pieces on the list.
None relies upon a consistent tempo.
None remain flying.
None remain for Delaware.
None remain hidden.
None remain in service.
None remain in the family.
None remain in the Southwest.
None remain in the wet Highlands.
None remain on Easter Island.
None remain standing.
None remains hospitalized.
None remains in Russia.
None remove their eyes from the plates.
NONE Removes all interior table borders.
None render it as the new versions do.
None report the proper about of memory to linux.
None represent any standard interval,except as established human observers.
None represents specific organisations or countries.
None require access to technology other than a hand held calculator.
None require complicated, expensive, or new technologies.
None require glue.
None require in normal use.
None require less.
None require much scenery or props.
None require painting.
None require prerequisites for Theme participants.
None require violent action, but many have some parts with no educational value.
None requires a technical training or background.
None requires any special equipment or knowledge.
None requires coercion.
None requires immediate attention.
None requires legislation.
None requires prerequsites.
None requires the average voter to choose more blindly.
None requires turning on the oven.
None result about rafts compose active and all sure bath stroke a just potatoes.
None result about society compose active and all sure bath stroke a just potatoes.
None result within queen latifah said active and all sure bath compose a just potatoes.
None retain any military aspects.
None Returns the milliseconds in the specified date according to local time.
None rollerblade grinding plate stored smooth until tasteful, than difference determine our.
None rollerblade wheels feed convenient before direct, but opposite causing anyone.
None routinely involves physical inspection of shipments.
None runs daily.
None runs funnies behind a medicine after that belief anybody collect underneath threaten.
None runs more than a few blocks in a straight line.
None save good physical fitness.
None say that now.
None Scheduled The above listings are subject to change without notice.
None search the entire Web.
None See our latest rates for the accounts that pay interest.
None seem applicable here.
None seem bluesy or rounded off enough, just shallow and biting.
None seem dull, vague, unclear, or inappropriate.
None seem in touch with reality.
None seem likely to provide full protection against a viral attack.
None seem ready to make a difference yet.
None seem to be able to figure it out.
None seem to be both safe and effective.
None seem to be combining extremely low prices with guaranteed high quality and high visibility.
None seem to be exactly it.
None seem to be facing a strong challenger.
None seem to be very easy to use.
None seem to be working.
None seem to engender the kind of emotion that Boston does, however.
None seem to give any regard as to how to pull their heads back and serious injuries are the result.
None seem to have any interest in real law.
None seem to have been ancestral to modern mammals.
None seem to have been explored.
None seem to have observed their obvious volcanic origin.
None seem to have regretted it.
None seem to know what it is.
None seem to make much money and always work really long hours.
None seem to mind the skull-liquefying acoustics of a band playing under a galvanized tin ceiling.
None seem to mind.
None seem too hopeful.
None seem willing to answer any questions about their internal administration policies.
None seem worried about the future.
None seem worth a hiking effort.
None seems able to seriously challenge for the American presidency.
None seems aimed at a particular set of concerns or sensibilities.
None seems as rich and distinctive as the above.
None seems complete in and of itself.
None seems ever to have been made.
None seems more popular than the area covering caffeine .
None seems the worse for a second look.
None seems to be a neat idea though.
None seems to be necessary.
None seems to be significantly better than the others.
None seems to fit.
None seems to get it.
None seems to have done any lasting damage.
None seems to have escaped the hysteria.
None seems to have much to do.
None seems to have taken into account the historical standards.
None seems to hibernate.
None seems to stand out, however.
None seems to work for all.
None seems very interested until the smells of baking bread fill the farmyard.
None sees the organ of speech being merged in the mind.
None sell millions without it.
None sellers up teaching reading thank pure hence any special tear billed few direct straw.
None sellers up walking advice thank pure hence any special tear billed few direct straw.
None Send e-mail information.
None Send mail to the course co-ordinator for more information.
None Sends the main window to the behind all other applications.
None Sets the insertion point position.
None shadowline gifts for rude, effective king spoken lots secret thirty with no weapon.
None Shifts the current line one character to the left.
None show any signs of either gates or fortification walls.
None show any signs of wear after a dozen trips and just as many wash cycles.
None show any visible leaf tissue, nor any signs of swelling.
None show any weapon hits from the attackers, but they all register the firing of weapons.
None show dry rot.
None show evidence of recent geologic activity.
None show if the check box is cleared.
None show up on the task bar.
None shows no axes.
None shows poetic aspirations.
None Sing So Wildly.
None snowboarding tips consider ripe still sick, and corner seek someone.
None snowmobile arctic cat aboard quick, long wheel shipped an level storm against any caution.
None so strait.
None speak Arabic or Swahili, but four speak Spanish and one speaks Hindi.
None speak the whole truth and nothing but the truth.
None speaks of instrumental music in the worship of the church.
None speaks up in forthright condemnation.
None specialize in sports - until now .
None specifically relate to security.
None specifies that the board have no authentication at all.
None stand alone.
None stands apart or risks being redundant.
None stands much chance of passage.
None stay longer than a fortnight.
None stick out as particularly memorable.
None Stop All Sounds Stops all sounds.
None stop hosue music here.
None succeed because all develop false values to adapt to lifestyle.
None suggest that TV or movies are responsible for violence.
None suggests modelling requires anything more than an attitude, a body and walk.
None support it.
NONE Suppresses all inlining of routines.
NONE suppresses the slope field plot.
None survive insularly.
None survive on art alone.
None survive the war.
None survive today.
None survives today.
None swim off the shores of Israel.
None take a great deal of acting experience.
None Take the main lift to the top on a good powder day.
None talk more absurdly than murmurers.
None There are currently no job openings in Finance.
None There are currently no other job openings.
None There are different ways to lift weights.
None There are no time limits in the game.
None think a free ride for injured workers is in order.
None think for a second that they can be lions.
None think I. As for their texture, it is divine.
None think the great unhappy but the great.
None threatens global stability but each entails unacceptable human suffering.
None throws away the apple for the core.
None Turn the lights down low and get ready for a spooky adventure set in the midst of pulp-mania.
NONE Turns blending off for the current layer.
None uncover rampant corruption.
None uniquely represents the views of the author.
None upholds consistent good results when repeated.
None Use None to leave a button unassigned.
None use only male or only female images.
None use parallel processing effectively.
None used here is designed like the infamous Palm Beach, Fla., punch-card ballots.
None uses a musical notation that can be deciphered.
None Visit our curriculum page .
None walk away as minutes turn into hours, and young ones carried behind settle in for a nap.
None wants to go with a loser.
None wants to open the letter.
None warrants the exceptional measures proposed in the Consultation Document.
None wastes time.
None wear the Egyptian kilt.
None wears any makeup.
None wears gaiters .
None Why does the citation have to be on top of the index card.
None wish they'd had less.
None wish to be seen in the light of a cold-hearted passion of ignoring the needs of people.
None wish to dare venture out.
None wish to see the spiral of violence spin out of control to plunge the entire region into chaos.
None wist how to tell of better knightly weeds.
None womens footwear gives stiff before exact, also event begin everyone.
None womens underwear to special, hopeful wine delivering lots large shoppers off an movie.
None work perfectly.
None works in the company's Kansas City headquarters.
None works now.
None works well on all documents, each has strengths and weaknesses for a particular document.
None Write a class experience report.
None yet accept a cell array of strings.
None yet explain the data very well.
None yet includes exemptions for matters of public policy or public entities.
None yet offer online trading.
Nones are hours.
Nones are services.
Noneconomic damages are as real and as important to victims as economic damages.
Noneconomic effects are unclear.
Most noneconomic losses are capable of being translated into dollars.
Noneconomic units are much more susceptible to early retirement.
Nonelectrical seizures are likely to occur in patients with concomitant electrical events.
Nonempty elements require end tags.
Nonempty lines are continuations of the current list element.
Every nonempty list has a unique first element.
Every nonempty list has a unique last element.
Every nonempty set has an epsilon minimal and an epsilon maximal element.
All nonessential personnel remain on their normal duty schedules.
Nonessential workers have a right to strike.
Nonesuch River is for the average golfer.
Nonesuch River is only a few years old.
Nonetheless opportunities are available, often in the form of unpaid internships.
Nonexclusive licenses allow several companies to exploit an invention.
Nonexclusive licenses are necessary for commercial use and redistribution.
Nonexclusive licenses enable a number of companies to exploit a technology.
Nonexistence is a state
Nonexistence is slandered by underestimation.
Nonexistence is the absence of experience and the absence of the capability to experience.
Nonexistence is the expression and outcome of division and disintegration.
Nonexistence occurs if the range is empty.
Nonexistent technology gets a hearing.
Nonexplosive eruptions produce lava flows and eject very little pyroclastic material into the air.
Nonfamily households consist of a householder living alone or with nonrelatives only.
Nonfamily householder is a person maintaining a household alone or with nonrelatives only.
Nonfat milk contains just as much calcium as whole milk.
Nonfatal assaults are also of concern to employers and workers alike.
Nonfatal complications are also more common in the elderly.
More nonfatal crashes occur on urban roads, but more deaths occur on rural roads.
Nonfatal injury is a problem in schools.
Nonfatal poisoning can result in kidney and liver liver damage and memory loss.
Nonfederal sponsors vary in their payment methods.
Many nonfederal sponsors have no standing income policies.
Nonferrous industry is represented by copper-pyrite ore and gold producing and dressing companies.
Nonferrous metal is highly detectable by metal detection devices.
Nonferrous metals are particularly vulnerable.
Nonferrous metals are the third largest product group, such as copper, lead, zinc, silver and gold.
Nonferrous mines have largely stable output despite low output prices.
Nonferrous scrap falls within one of three categories defined by how it is generated.
Nonfiction books are a different story.
Nonfiction books are factual books covering all subject areas, including biographies.
Nonfiction books are good for homework, but they re also good for pleasure reading.
Nonfiction books are great to read together.
Nonfiction books build critical reading skills.
Nonfiction books build vocabulary.
Nonfiction books can be a waste of time.
Nonfiction books can have good writing style.
Nonfiction books describe real things or real events.
Nonfiction books detail the life cycle and the annual treks north and south.
Nonfiction books help adults with subjects like reading, writing, and mathematics.
Nonfiction books provide information.
All nonfiction books welcome.
Many nonfiction books contain factual errors, flawed conclusions, or both.
Most nonfiction books are out of date by the time the book is published.
Nonfiction already has a frame, so it's a completely different kind of discipline.
Nonfiction associates itself with the exterior world and fiction presumably deals with sensibility.
Nonfiction can be really, really great if it's done right.
Nonfiction can make false assertions, and often does.
Nonfiction is a series of facts and suppositions.
Nonfiction is about facts.
Nonfiction is arranged by subject.
Nonfiction is different.
Nonfiction is factual information.
Nonfiction is factual writing about real-life situations.
Nonfiction is nice, but variety is preferable.
Nonfiction is no better.
Nonfiction is prose
Nonfiction is prose.
Nonfiction is read for a particular purpose.
Nonfiction is the answer to that.
Nonfiction is the most widely read genre.
Nonfiction makes up a much larger proportion of boys' reading than of girls reading.
Nonfiction offers two startling literary biographies.
Nonfiction reading leads to informal discussion and debate.
Nonfiction reflects that.
Nonfiction sells more than fiction too.
Nonfiction tries to give the clearest and most vivid view of what happened in a situation, and why.
Nonfictional characters can talk back.
Nonfinancial metrics can greatly impact a company s ability to create shareholder value.
Nonfinite forms occur in modal contexts, and finite ones in nonmodal ones.
Nonfood items tend to be round or conforming objects, including coins, small balls and balloons.
Nonfood items tend to be round or conforming objects, such as coins, small balls and balloons.
Any nonfood item is a potential poison.
Most nonfood items swallowed by children are coins.
Nonfood platforms elevate as well.
Nonforeign area includes the United States .
Nonformal behavior is suitable for ill-defined games such as riddles.
Nonformal education can be in small classes or through self study.
Nonformal education is educational activity that is carried on outside the formal system.
Nonformal education is effective in providing other life-related knowledge and basic skills.
Nonfoundational knowledge is derived through reasoning and questioning versus rote memory.
Nonfunctional protein is formed and again, the blood coagulation pathway fails.
Nongame birds are particularly appropriate for monitoring environmental health.
Nongame fish are environmental indicators or barometers of larger systems.
Nongame fish can also belong to a group of animals known as keystone species.
Nongame fish can indeed qualify as watchable wildlife.
Some nongame species are good indicators of overall ecosystem health.
Nonglare glass is optional.
Nongovernmental documents are in most cases fugitive material, extremely hard to find.
A nongovernmental organization is an organization
Nongovernmental organizations are active and operate freely.
Nongovernmental organizations are active and outspoken.
Nongovernmental organizations are active but face some police harassment and intimidation.
Nongovernmental organizations are heavily involved, and trade is booming.
Nongovernmental organizations are organizations.
Nongovernmental organizations offer primary and secondary school education in several cities.
Nongovernmental organizations operate openly but face some harassment.
Nongovernmental organizations operating in conflicted countries can help but in limited ways.
Nongovernmental organizations reject concluding report of World Water Forum.
Many nongovernmental organizations coordinate interfaith events throughout the country.
Many nongovernmental organizations exist.
Nongraphical objects can be anything from wallpaper catalogs to a project accounting database.
Nongreen flushes are common in lowland tropical forest plants.
Nonharmonic tone s .
Nonhierarchical collectivism is the only way for true liberty.
Nonholonomic constraints determine connexions on the bundle.
Nonhomologous recombination is involved in exchange of LS regions between strains.
Nonhormonal aspects are critical to ensure an optimal therapeutic response is achieved.
Nonhormonal methods have no effect on lactation or the infant.
Nonhuman animals are on one level.
Nonhuman animals can suffer.
Nonhuman primates are also particularly sensitive to stress from excitement.
Nonhuman primates are even more sensitive to infections with filoviruses than humans are.
Nonhuman primates are extremely intelligent and can be easily trained or conditioned.
Nonhuman primates can be a source of exposure to several zoonotic pathogens.
Nonhuman primates exist in hierarchically structured communities with strong mutual attachments.
Nonhuman primates have emotions.
Nonhuman primates metabolize less of the benzene to muconic acid than do rodents or humans.
Nonhuman primates represent invaluable tools for biomedical, behavioral, and nutritional research.
Nonhuman primates require special procurement procedures.
Many nonhuman primates have great importance to people.
Some nonhuman primates avoid predators.
Some nonhuman primates have degrees.
Noni fruit has the highest concentration of pro-xeronine of any source currently known.
Noni fruit is either sun-dried or freeze dried, ground into a powder and encapsulated.
Nonideal behavior is considered from a thermodynamic perspective.
Nonimaging optics is the optics of extended sources.
Nonimmigrant intent remains an important issue to be proven.
Most nonimmigrant statuses are valid for less than seven years.
Nonimmigrant visas are for people who want to stay temporarily in the United States.
Nonimmigrant visas are primary issued to tourists and temporary business visitors.
Nonimmigrant visas can range widely in price depending on the particular visa.
Nonimmigrant visas have one letter and one number or one letter.
Nonimmigrant visas take less time to process and entry to the U.S. is quicker.
Many nonimmigrant visas are good for up to five years.
Nonimmunologic hydrops fetalis.
Nonimmunologic reactions have a wide variety of mechanisms.
Nonimprinted orders are available as long as supplies last.
Nonincremental polices do seem to a be a very big risk in our government.
Nonincremental policies are different in they reach one common long term goal.
Nonincremental policy is also more unstable and risky.
Nonincremental policy is more unstable and risky.
Nonindigenous animals are a large part of the Australian picture.
Nonindigenous fishes are a relatively new component of the South Florida ecosystem.
Nonindigenous health is also a relevant issue in Australia.
Nonindigenous species have a variety of impacts on human activities and the environment.
Noninfectious causes are also uncommon.
Noninfectious cystitis is most common in women of child-bearing years.
Noninfectious diseases occur when something goes wrong with the body itself.
Some noninfectious disorders are beyond help once symptoms are visible.
Noninfectious endocarditis can occur in anyone with an underlying inflammatory disease.
Noninfectious processes can produce cavitary lung lesions.
Noninfectious prostatitis is more common than infectious prostatitis.
Noninfectious prostatitis is more common that infectious prostatitis.
Noninfested soil is on the right.
Noninstallment credit is the simplest form of credit.
Noninstallment credit is usually very short term, such as thirty days.
Noninteractive activity is the lack of modem activity caused by direct human input.
Noninteractive mode is useful when only a single piece of data needs to be returned.
Noninterlaced monitors produce the most flicker-free screens.
Nonintra picture uses information which are displaced in time.
Noninvasive cancers are superficial .
Noninvasive medicine is wonderful.
Noninvasive methods are devoid of the discomfort caused by venography.
Noninvasive technology is used to assess blood flow in normal subjects and glaucoma patients.
Noninvasive ventilation is used mainly during the night.
Nonionic polymers reverse inactivation of surfactant by meconium and other substances.
Nonionic surfactants are the type usually sold for adding to herbicide spray solutions.
Nonischemic cardiomyopathies are less common, progressive diseases.
Nonischemic cardiomyopathy includes several types.
Nonisotropic permeability eliminates restriction on the orientation of the porous medium.
NonJewish businesses are to be protected from damage under all circumstances.
Nonjudgmental truthfulness maintains our authenticity, and develops our inner vision and intuition.
Nonjudicial workouts are frequently faster and less expensive than their court-ordered counterparts.
Nonkinetochore fibers overlap andinteract with each other.
Nonlactational mastitis is similar to lactational mastitis but occurs in nonlactating women.
All nonland permanents are the chosen color.
Nonlegislative members serve no longer than four years unless reappointed.
Nonleguminous hardwoods are the most effective vegetation for nitrate removal.
Nonlethal infections recover fully with no permanent liver damage.
Nonlinear access means easy review and revision to stored material.
Nonlinear dynamics are different in a pair plasma and in proton dominated plasma.
Nonlinear dynamics looks at the behavior of physical and social systems as they evolve in time.
Nonlinear dynamics offers an alternative to using linear equations to describe sequences.
Nonlinear editing is our specialty.
Nonlinear elements can consider large rotations with large or small strains.
Nonlinear equations can have multiple solutions.
Nonlinear media are essential for nonlinear optics .
Nonlinear models are more difficult to fit than linear models.
Nonlinear models are more difficult to specify and estimate than linear models.
Nonlinear models differ from linear ones in a number of ways.
Nonlinear models fit the data better than linear counterparts.
Nonlinear optimization is a very valuable tool, especially for modeling and regression.
Nonlinear pricing refers to a broad class of schemes in which revenue increases nonlinearly.
Nonlinear programming is used to vary the states and to identify locally optimal flowsheets.
Nonlinear regression assumes that the scatter is Gaussian.
Nonlinear regression fits arbitrary nonlinear functions to the dependent variable.
Nonlinear regression is an iterative procedure.
Nonlinear regression is more general.
Nonlinear regression is used to estimate run-time growth as a function of problem size.
Nonlinear regression produces the most accurate results.
A nonlinear system is a system
Nonlinear systems are a lot more complicated than that.
Nonlinear systems are ideal for short projects.
Nonlinear systems are isolated solutions in today's studio environment.
Nonlinear systems are systems.
All nonlinear systems use some form of video compression.
Nonlinear time is by contrast non-processive.
Nonliteral sound can be descriptive and expressive .
Nonliteral sound has no literal meaning.
Nonliving factors are called abiotic factors.
Nonliving factors determine what living things can be supported in an ecosystem.
Many nonliving things are capable of growth.
Nonlocal exits unbind all variable bindings made by the constructs being exited.
Nonmagical winds can cause the to halve if strong enough.
Nonmajor students enrolling in private lessons for one credit have a weekly half-hour lesson.
Nonmalignant mesothelioma is usually a localized tumor that affects men more frequently than women.
Nonmalignant pain can hurt as much as malignant pain.
Nonmammalian protein includes proteins from nonmammalian animals.
Nonmatriculated status is ideal for people who are unsure of their future goals.
Nonmatriculated students are eligible to borrow federal loan funds for only one semester.
Nonmatriculated students have a code of NM and unclassified transfers have no class code.
Nonmedical personnel are welcome.
Nonmetal elements have greater attractions for electrons and tend to gain electrons to form anions.
Nonmetal oxides dissolve in water to form acids.
Nonmetal oxides react with water to from acidic solutions.
Nonmetal spikes are mandatory.
Nonmetal spikes are preferred.
Nonmetal has (part) atoms.
Nonmetal is an element
Nonmetal is chemical elements.
Nonmetal isa element.
Nonmetals also have some observable physical properties.
Nonmetals also react with it.
Nonmetals are at the right of the Table.
Nonmetals are poor conducters of heat and electricity.
Nonmetals combine with each other to form covalent compounds , which exist as neutral molecules.
Nonmetals form acidic oxides.
Nonmetals gain electrons easily to form anions .
Nonmetals generally have a high electron affinity.
Nonmetals have a tendency to gain electrons to fill up the outermost level.
Nonmetals have high values of electronegativity and are electron receptors, and tend to be anions.
Nonmetals prefer to fill up with electrons to achieve a full shell.
Nonmetals tend to oxidize metals.
Nonmetals typically form anions.
Nonmetals typically have a high ionization energy.
Many nonmetals can gain metallic properties under very high pressures.
Many nonmetals can react with oxygen to form oxides as well.
Many nonmetals do bond together.
Many nonmetals have less stable allotropes , with either nonmetallic or metallic properties.
Most nonmetals are brittle.
Nonmetallic elements have differences.
Nonmetallic elements lie to the right side of the dividing line mentioned in the previous answer.
Most nonmetallic elements have differences.
Nonmetallic mineral resources occur in arid regions.
Nonmetallic mineral resources occur in regions.
Most nonmetallic minerals produce a white or light pastel streak.
Nonmetallic mining is a widespread activity in Wisconsin.
Nonmetallic solids are neither malleable nor ductile.
Nonmetropolitan areas are areas outside of MSAs.
Nonmetropolitan areas are places outside metropolitan areas.
Nonmetropolitan areas comprise everything else.
Nonmonotonic inference is a bit more complicated and is left to the students to read.
Nonmoral values carry no such responsibility or obligation.
Nonmotile organisms produce growth only in and along stab.
Nonmutant controls are available from the same strain.
Some nonnative contrasts are easy for adults to discriminate, even with no training at all.
Nonnative plants are both an ecological and management problem in many national parks.
Nonnegative numbers are greater than or equal to zero.
Nonnegative values indicate strong behavior.
Nonnegativity constraints arise very naturally throughout the physical world.
Nonneutral plasmas have unequal populations of positive and negative charged particles.
Nonnumeric information is difficult to index.
Nonnutritive sweeteners are safe to use.
Nonoperational shock is as threatening to data reliability as operational shock.
Nonoperative care garners the lion's share of the book.
Nonordinary reality consists of the interwoven fabric of experience of all beings.
Nonordinary reality is an experiential system.
Nonordinary reality is knowledge.
Nonorganic farmers are welcome.
NonOTFC requests involve a mixture of proprietary and nonproprietary data.
Nonoverqualified workers are just as likely to leave.
Nonpalpable tumors are most commonly in the pancreatic head.
Nonparametric methods are often easier to compute.
Nonparametric methods can be easier to grasp, intuitively.
Nonparametric methods make minimal data assumptions .
Nonparametric methods perform the tests without making any strict distributional assumptions.
Many nonparametric methods analyze the ranks of a variable rather than the original values.
Nonparametric population modeling methods use structal models.
Nonparametric procedures afford significant advantages over their parametric counterparts.
Nonparametric regression makes minimal assumptions about the dependence of the average Y on the X's.
A nonparametric statistic is a statistic
Nonparametric statistics provide a useful alternative in such cases.
Nonparametric tests outperform parametric tests.
Nonparametric tests work well with large samples from Gaussian populations.
Nonparasitic disorders are the result of plant responses to abnormalities in environment.
A nonpareil is a model
Nonpareils constitute fifty-one percent of all almonds produced in California.
Nonparticipating countries get a free ride-they receive benefits but bear none of the costs.
Nonparticipating students remain in school.
Nonpartisan ballots are available for any referendum or public questions.
Nonpartisan monitors can, however, still exercise their personal right to vote.
All nonpartisan offices are also on the primary election ballot.
Nonpartisan sources agree that mass genocide was authorized by the state of Croatia.
Nonpartisanship is a tendency
Nonpartisanship is the most important principle in both facets.
Nonpathogenic staphylococci produce small colonies with no color change of the surrounding medium.
Nonpathogenic strains are also present in water ecologies.
Most nonpermanent markers use ink that are made of colored pigments and water.
Most nonpermanent markers use inks that are made of colored pigments and water.
Nonpermanent residents are subject to stricter requirements when applying for a mortgage loan.
Nonpersistent connections are closed after each transaction.
Nonpharmacologic approaches are safe and effective.
Nonpharmacologic interventions are an important accompaniment to medical therapy.
Nonpharmacologic therapy improves functional and emotional status in congestive heart failure.
Nonpharmacological measures are appropriate for all hypertensives.
Nonphotorealistic techniques used in computer graphics vary greatly in their level of abstraction.
Nonphotosynthetic species are phagotrophic or osmotrophic.
Nonphysical damages are taxable.
Nonphysician providers can play an important role in screening.
Nonphysician providers make valuable contributions to health care in rural areas.
Nonplayoff teams get higher picks, which can be used to select players or as trade bait.
Nonpoint pollution comes from many different land uses over large areas.
Nonpoint source meets point source.
Nonpoint source refers to the polluted run-off from urban, agriculture, and forest lands.
Most nonpoint sources are related to land use activities.
Nonpoisonous snakes have round heads and round eyes.
Nonpoisonous snakes have round pupils, divided scales on the underside of the tail, and no pits.
Nonpoisonous sumac has fruit growing from the ends of it's branches.
Nonpolar molecules dissolve nonpolar molecules.
Nonpolar solutes are more soluble in nonpolar solvents than in polar solvents.
Nonpolar solvents dissolve nonpolar solutes.
Nonpolar substances are hydrophobic, coming from the root phobic, meaning avoiding.
Nonpolar substances dissolve in other nonpolar substances.
Many nonpolar substances are gases at room temperature, but some are liquids or even solids.
Nonporous pots are best.
Nonporous rock sandwiches the porous rock to seal in the gas and prevent migration.
Nonpositive integers are invalid.
Nonpotable substances can then enter the potable water system.
Nonpregnant cows can continue to secrete milk indefinitely, but at a reduced rate.
Nonprice competition is much more important to large firms than it is to small firms.
Nonprint material is used selectively.
All nonprint materials are available for loan, including videos and artifact kits.
Some nonprint materials are also available.
Nonprint media includes things such as television and radio coverage.
Nonproductive rearrangements appear to occur at high frequency.
Nonprofessional wages fall within the average wages paid in the local area.
Nonprofit accounting can be extremely complex and dynamic.
Nonprofit agencies are eligible.
Nonprofit agencies face increasing client demands and diminishing resources.
Nonprofit agencies get much-needed volunteer assistance.
Nonprofit agencies rent space to sell donated treasures and raise a few bucks.
Nonprofit agencies require patients to be financially needy and meet other criteria.
Nonprofit agencies vary widely in their interests and capabilities.
Some nonprofit agencies repair and refurbish computers for resale or donation.
Nonprofit assets fall into the following categories.
Nonprofit buyers have many options.
Many nonprofit camps charge on a sliding scale or offer partial to full tuition assistance.
Nonprofit centers compensate staff with higher wages than do for-profit centers.
Nonprofit clients can be a valuable source of revenue to a commercial practice.
Nonprofit companies are a vibrant part of Montana's business ventures.
Nonprofit companies work for the creditors similar to collection agencies.
Many nonprofit companies base their fees on the persons ability to pay.
Nonprofit corporation located in major waterfront industrial zone seeks two new team members.
Nonprofit corporations are eligible to apply.
Nonprofit corporations are tax-exempt .
Nonprofit corporations can engage in only limited lobbying activities.
Nonprofit corporations can merge with another nonprofit corporation.
Nonprofit corporations differ from profit-driven corporations in several respects.
Every nonprofit corporation needs bylaws.
Nonprofit courses are available in both the traditional form and over the Internet.
Nonprofit entities are subject to federal income tax on unrelated business income.
Nonprofit entities sell products or services that are available from commercial enterprises.
Most nonprofit executives dread the process and wonder sometimes whether it's money well-spent.
Nonprofit experience is strongly preferred.
Nonprofit facilities encourage residents to be as active and independent as possible.
Nonprofit facilities encourage residents to be as active and independent as their abilities permit.
Every nonprofit foundation is established with a specific mission.
Nonprofit group alleges the companies prevent disabled people from buying life policies.
Nonprofit group does research on aging issues and legislation on healthcare for the aging.
Nonprofit group helps in search and rescue of people.
Nonprofit group meets monthly to train, maintain and deploy search dogs to find missing persons.
Nonprofit group promotes tole and decorative painting.
Nonprofit group provides labor force for community service and natural resource projects.
Nonprofit groups are no exception.
Nonprofit groups are welcome to promote the matching gift program in their literature.
Nonprofit groups can apply for concession jobs.
Nonprofit groups can post requests for volunteers.
Nonprofit groups come in to raise funds.
Nonprofit groups get a discount.
Nonprofit groups receive a percentage of sales.
Nonprofit groups seeking grants through state bond bills are a common example.
All nonprofit groups accept trees at least one day on the weekend.
Many nonprofit groups offer e-mail newsletters.
Nonprofit hospitals are charitable entities.
Nonprofit hospitals do provide more uncompensated care than for-profit hospitals.
All nonprofit hospitals provide needed medical care regardless of patients' ability to pay.
Nonprofit institutes are no longer eligible to apply as single applicants.
Nonprofit jobs can be insecure, especially in the Bay Area.
Nonprofit jobs tend to be dead-end jobs.
Nonprofit lawyers sue the state in federal court for denying services to needy children.
Many nonprofit leaders are unfamiliar with or intimidated by the business planning process.
Nonprofit life is endlessly busy, relentlessly harried.
Nonprofit listings are exhaustive.
Nonprofit mailers have two levels of appeal.
Many nonprofit managers dread the insurance purchasing process.
Nonprofit marketing is a very important area.
Nonprofit marketing seeks to achieve a goal other than generating profits.
A nonprofit organization is an organization
Nonprofit organization are important partners.
Nonprofit organization counsels people on the use of credit.
Nonprofit organization has full and exclusive control of all donor data.
Nonprofit organization helping the visually impaired of Belize lead a better way of life.
Nonprofit organization promotes sustainable transport and international understanding.
Nonprofit organization promotes the correct, consistent use of car seats and safety belts.
Nonprofit organization provides consumer information about insurance loss in accidents.
Nonprofit organization provides medical, dental, and eye care to the needy in Latin America.
Nonprofit organizations achieve efficiencies in large part by utilizing volunteers.
Nonprofit organizations are another resource.
Nonprofit organizations are eligible for funding.
Nonprofit organizations are major settings for the delivery of social services.
Nonprofit organizations are no exception.
Nonprofit organizations are organizations.
Nonprofit organizations are relatively scarce in high poverty neighborhoods.
Nonprofit organizations are severely underfunded.
Nonprofit organizations are traditionally very conservative in their investment decisions.
Nonprofit organizations are unique in their financial, tax, and reporting structures.
Nonprofit organizations benefit from increased exposure and direct financial support.
Nonprofit organizations can apply directly.
Nonprofit organizations can broaden their outreach to the media and their own constituencies.
Nonprofit organizations can promote their effectiveness and efficiency to the donor community.
Nonprofit organizations can submit their information at no cost.
Nonprofit organizations can use it to explain their missions.
Nonprofit organizations come in all shapes and sizes.
Nonprofit organizations Consider a double major in science or engineering.
Nonprofit organizations Consider double major in hard science or engineering.
Nonprofit organizations contend daily with the possibility of losing their tax-exempt status.
Nonprofit organizations embody the commitment of civic entrepreneurs.
Nonprofit organizations encounter polluted land in a number of ways.
Nonprofit organizations Get a broad scientific education.
Nonprofit organizations have laws pertaining to each kind.
Nonprofit organizations have no shareholders.
Nonprofit organizations have to be certified to pay lower rates.
Nonprofit organizations help make the Internet more than just a high-tech shopping mall.
Nonprofit organizations hold a certain mystique for many people.
Nonprofit organizations improve cities bond ratings.
Nonprofit organizations leading community based efforts are eligible to apply for funding.
Nonprofit organizations Learn federal state, and local job application process.
Nonprofit organizations live by the grants and donations of their supporters.
Nonprofit organizations offer low salaries and few benefits.
Nonprofit organizations pay a fee to list jobs, but there is no charge to job seekers.
Nonprofit organizations play a critical service role.
Nonprofit organizations play an increasingly prominent role in the provision of public services.
Nonprofit organizations provide information relevant to their key issues .
Nonprofit organizations rely upon the generosity of individuals, corporations and foundations.
Nonprofit organizations report no single bottom line.
Nonprofit organizations serve as members of the alliance or partnership.
Nonprofit organizations take a wide variety of forms.
Nonprofit organizations take many forms and serve many purposes.
Nonprofit organizations Take some scientific or engineering courses.
Nonprofit organizations tend to pay less.
Nonprofit organizations use the .org suffix.
All nonprofit organizations are eligible to apply for in-kind support.
All nonprofit organizations are eligible to participate at no cost.
All nonprofit organizations are eligible.
All nonprofit organizations recognize the value of relationships.
Any nonprofit organization can add their own volunteer opportunities.
Any nonprofit organization conducting health or human service programs can apply for funding.
Any nonprofit organization is eligible for funding.
Any nonprofit organization is eligible to apply.
Any nonprofit organization is eligible to participate.
Every nonprofit organization exists for the sake of performance in changing people and society.
Every nonprofit organization responding to a request for information is included.
Many nonprofit organizations are exempt from income tax.
Many nonprofit organizations are exempt from property taxes.
Many nonprofit organizations are underfunded, understaffed, and over-worked.
Many nonprofit organizations can use free samples to their marketing advantage.
Many nonprofit organizations have members who can challenge corporate misbehavior.
Many nonprofit organizations have their own Web sites.
Many nonprofit organizations maintain resource centers.
Many nonprofit organizations provide financial counseling services at little or no cost.
Many nonprofit organizations rely to a great extent on the use of volunteers.
Many nonprofit organizations train dogs to assist humans who face a physical challenge.
More nonprofit organizations have a paid professional director today.
Most nonprofit organizations are small, but large organizations have the bulk of finances.
Most nonprofit organizations rely on volunteers to run their gambling events.
Most nonprofit organizations work with volunteers.
Some nonprofit organizations charge little or nothing for their services.
Some nonprofit organizations have a few tips to help.
Some nonprofit organizations offer free legal observers.
Nonprofit partnership helps local companies grow.
Nonprofit postings are active until the employer's specific deadline is past.
Nonprofit productivity is measured differently from business productivity.
Many nonprofit publications are free downloadable files.
Nonprofit rates apply to all subscriptions.
Nonprofit rates are available.
Some nonprofit sites are only one-person operations.
Nonprofit status is essential to attract donations.
Nonprofit status is obtained on a state level according to state law.
Nonprofit terms are available.
A nonprofit is an organization
Nonprofits allow people to act upon the values of compassion, altruism, democracy, and pluralism.
Nonprofits also are a major force in the state's economy as both employers and consumers.
Nonprofits also are excellent stepping stones for acquiring jobs in government and business.
Nonprofits also can be transient.
Nonprofits also can take many forms.
Nonprofits also offer unique management challenges as the sector attempts to define itself.
Nonprofits also receive grants and other forms of donations to support their operation.
Nonprofits also receive the same limited liability protection as for profit companies.
Nonprofits also tend to cluster in University City, an area immediately west of the Center City.
Nonprofits also use services provided by businesses when it is cost-effective to do so.
Nonprofits are a growth industry in Maryland.
Nonprofits are a major contributor to the quality of life in Baltimore city.
Nonprofits are a new institutional form.
Nonprofits are a vital part of the economic engine that drives the state of Maryland.
Nonprofits are all about meaning.
Nonprofits are also eligible.
Nonprofits are at the risk of being left on the wrong side of the digital divide.
Nonprofits are cognizant of the consequences of myopic learning.
Nonprofits are concerned about securing a qualified and quality workforce.
Nonprofits are eligible to apply.
Nonprofits are eligible.
Nonprofits are far more often the subject of public debate.
Nonprofits are free.
Nonprofits are in business to carry out their mission statements.
Nonprofits are in the midst of presenting development proposals for the site to the city.
Nonprofits are increasingly the subject of federal scrutiny and regulations.
Nonprofits are it.
Nonprofits are no different.
Nonprofits are now dynamic business ventures for the public benefit.
Nonprofits are primarily volunteer organizations involved in charitable activities.
Nonprofits are short of staff, space and money.
Nonprofits are well-known for delivering services.
Nonprofits benefit just as businesses do from the intelligent application of technology.
Nonprofits bring out the best in everyone.
Nonprofits can also learn about local university resources while their projects are being completed.
Nonprofits can also set up their own secure Web sites and solicit and accept donations directly.
Nonprofits can appeal to network professionals suffering from midcareer burnout.
Nonprofits can apply directly.
Nonprofits can apply for cash awards.
Nonprofits can apply for membership for free.
Nonprofits can apply for projects in two categories.
Nonprofits can apply on their own or with one or more as a coalition.
Nonprofits can be as hierarchical as corporations.
Nonprofits can create service-learning opportunities.
Nonprofits can find volunteers in their area or volunteers who want to work at home.
Nonprofits can make wishes and post their own surplus as donations.
Nonprofits can post openings directly to the site, and volunteers can even sign up online.
Nonprofits can raise funds and earn money.
Nonprofits can register for free by posting volunteer opportunities directly on our web site.
Nonprofits can request help by visiting our nonprofit guide .
Nonprofits can require advance payment for copying and mailing fees.
Nonprofits can search the database or post their own opportunities.
Nonprofits can streamline processes and cut down on staff time by using online event planning sites.
Nonprofits can use the site to put their own brochures, annual reports, and home pages on line.
Nonprofits charge fees to enroll, but their fees are nominal.
Nonprofits come in from cold.
Nonprofits compete for dollars from foundations, corporations and individual donors.
Nonprofits create neutral marketplaces that are perceived as fair to both buyers and sellers.
Nonprofits develop systems for the management of everything from office supplies to donor names.
Nonprofits do a lot of marketing.
Nonprofits do have valuable assets.
Nonprofits effectively become mouthpieces for the federal agencies from which they receive funding.
Nonprofits employ thousands of people.
Nonprofits enter the computer age.
Nonprofits exist and have grown because of tax breaks.
Nonprofits exist at the international, national, state and local levels.
Nonprofits exist for a variety of reasons and with many different missions.
Nonprofits experience the same needs as any business.
Nonprofits face a never-ending battle for funding.
Nonprofits find it difficult, time-consuming and costly to staff an internal accounting department.
Nonprofits focus more on fundraising from donors, e.g., grants, contributions, etc.
Nonprofits get new donors, and donors have the satisfaction of participating in community life.
Nonprofits have a different set of incentives and thus can do the work no one else wants to take on.
Nonprofits have a hard time competing with private employers for graduating students.
Nonprofits have a lot in common.
Nonprofits have an enormous impact on the Chicago-area economy.
Nonprofits have many reasons for reaching out to the general public, but few appealing alternatives.
Nonprofits have no shareholders.
Nonprofits have social and legal responsibilities that extend beyond spending their money wisely.
Nonprofits have time.
Nonprofits have to reserve a donation in order to get donor contact information.
Nonprofits have unique opportunities to subsidize borrowers without grants.
Nonprofits have unique reporting and information gathering needs.
Nonprofits have Who Cares.
Nonprofits inevitably complain that reporting requirements are burdensome and interfering.
Nonprofits know how to mobilize people on a personal level.
Nonprofits know that something is going on.
Nonprofits lack good entrepreneurial skills and a sense of productivity and accountability.
Nonprofits make a direct impact on the economy of Kent County through payroll and taxes.
Nonprofits make a positive difference in the lives of everyone in greater Chicago.
Nonprofits make connections with local universities while their projects are being completed.
Nonprofits make conscious decisions to retain risk every day.
Nonprofits make history every day.
Nonprofits make important contributions to the community with limited means.
Nonprofits make unique contributions to society.
Nonprofits offer many opportunities.
Nonprofits participate in markets and compete for resources, just like businesses do.
Nonprofits pay no fees or costs.
Nonprofits play an important societal role in strengthening democracy.
Nonprofits provide a unique place where people of different views can find a common ground.
Nonprofits provide flexible means for addressing public problems.
Nonprofits provide programs and services to address critical needs and enrich community life.
Nonprofits question the value of venture philanthropy.
Nonprofits receive detailed information on each donation.
Nonprofits receive tax-exempt status in exchange for providing a public benefit.
Nonprofits report excellent reponses to their ads.
Nonprofits submit a Volunteer Job Request form for each of their volunteer openings.
Nonprofits support other cancer research as well.
Nonprofits tend to pay even less attention to training than to infrastructure.
Nonprofits tend to treat their employees pretty well.
Nonprofits theorize that the problem stems from the new contracting process.
Nonprofits typically take longer to achieve success and sustainability.
Nonprofits use pricing to achieve social goals.
Nonprofits work together in coalitions.
Nonprofits often exist to accomplish a goal unrelated to traditional paying customer satisfaction.
Nonprofits often involve an orientation towards public service and community action.
Nonprofits often scare away job hunters with rumors of meager salaries for mountains of work.
Nonprofits usually seek out the media.
All nonprofits are exempt from federal corporate income taxes.
All nonprofits are tax exempt.
All nonprofits exist for a specific purpose with a defined mission.
Any nonprofit can use the help.
Every nonprofit can benefit from any gift, and there's no warehouse to rent or staff to hire.
Every nonprofit is vulnerable to fraud.
Many nonprofits often compete for the same constituencies, donor dollars and foundation grants.
Many nonprofits act as grantees for federal government programs.
Many nonprofits are afraid of conflict and confrontation.
Many nonprofits are multi-billion dollar enterprises.
Many nonprofits have a conflict of interest policy or ethics statement in place.
Many nonprofits have more than one program.
Many nonprofits have pretty basic websites.
Many nonprofits operate on limited budgets by depending on the work of volunteers.
Many nonprofits receive their first grant from their local community foundation.
Many nonprofits rely on gambling activities to bring in much-needed revenue.
Many nonprofits rely on the donation of used computers and software from businesses and individuals.
Many nonprofits remain reluctant or indignant about revealing the top executive's salary.
Many nonprofits run a tight ship, often with limited budgets and understaffed facilities.
Many nonprofits seek out people who are willing to learn.
Many nonprofits spend hundreds of thousands and even millions on fundraising activities.
Many nonprofits start out as projects and eventually become corporations once they're stable.
Many nonprofits think the information superhighway is paved with gold.
Many nonprofits undertake 'business' activities, and most are 'business-like' in their work.
Many nonprofits use firework sales as a fund-raiser.
Most nonprofits are small, but large organizations have the bulk of the finances.
Most nonprofits are small, depend heavily on volunteers, and are struggling to make ends meet.
Most nonprofits are unable to maintain a reserve fund adequate to pay for potential claims.
Most nonprofits begin the walk towards becoming an e-business by building a brochureware Web site.
Most nonprofits do a great job.
Most nonprofits do benefit from participation.
Most nonprofits find imaginative, effective, and frugal ways to raise funds.
Most nonprofits hire outside consultants to conduct feasibility studies.
Most nonprofits lack the internal resources to identify and implement new technologies.
Most nonprofits prefer a fixed fee, multiple year retainer that includes core services.
Most nonprofits provide services rather than products.
Most nonprofits use committees to perform many of the governance and management functions.
Some nonprofits also offer funds of their own.
Some nonprofits are nervous about spending their donor's money on magazine subscriptions.
Some nonprofits are surprised to learn that the computers they receive come with no software.
Some nonprofits find that more than a quarter use e-mail every day.
Some nonprofits outsource their entire accounting function to CPA and consulting firms.
Some nonprofits use their board members as free employees.
Nonprofits organizations register domain names that end with .org .
Nonprogrammed decisions are unique decisions that require a custom-made solution.
Nonproject actions are decisions on policies, plans, or programs.
A nonproliferation is prevention
Nonproliferation is a very good idea.
Nonproliferation is an urgent national priority.
Nonproliferation is hard, uphill work.
Nonproliferation is no longer an issue in South Asia.
Nonproliferations are prevention.
Nonproliferative retinopathy is the common, mild form.
Nonproliferative retinopathy is the early stage, where small retinal blood vessels break and leak.
Nonpsychotic period See the negative symptoms.
Nonpublic schools are strongly encouraged to administer the test as well.
Nonpublic schools are, like their public counterparts, intensely committed to accountability.
Nonpublic schools provide for no public review or oversight.
Nonpublic schools tend to be denominationally homogenous.
Most nonpublic schools accept most applicants, space available.
Nonpulmonary symptoms are prominent early in the disease.
Nonqualified options have two disadvantages compared to incentive stock options.
Nonqualified plans are either statutory or nonstatutory.
Nonqualified plans are special.
Nonqualified service includes any private-sector employment.
Nonrandom patterns provide clues to their causes and their modes of transmission and acquisition.
Nonrandom results are usually the result of the use rather than the generation of random numbers.
Nonrated issues are even more difficult to place in an individual's portfolio.
Nonrational happenings occur without scientific basis, with magic and the supernatural present.
Nonrealistic drama requires a rigid plot structure.
Nonreciprocal risks are a different matter, even in the world of ungeneralized harms.
Nonrecurring costs are certain one-time expenses connected with special needs adoptions.
Nonreductive materialism makes three main claims.
Nonrefundable deposits are equal to the first day rental and apply toward cleaning deposit.
Nonrefundable fares are significantly less expensive than full-fare coach.
Nonrefundable fees are permissible, but remain subject to the rule regarding clearly excessive fees.
Nonregenerative anemia is a common sequela of chronic renal failure.
Nonrelevant information is discarded.
A nonreligious person is a person
Nonreligious persons can choose a state charity or leave the box blank.
Nonrenal elimination includes hepatic inactivation and excretion in bile.
Nonrenewable energy comes from fossil fuels.
Nonrenewable resources are fossil fuels, metals, other minerals, and groundwater.
Nonrenewable resources exist in amounts.
Most nonrenewable resources exist in amounts.
Nonreproducible illustrations are mostly line drawings from a draw program.
Nonresident aliens are individuals who are neither United States citizens nor resident aliens.
Nonresident aliens are subject to the same state tax withholding rules as citizens.
Nonresident aliens constitute a large portion of the student enrollment at many HBCUs.
Nonresident aliens have different tax rules and file different tax forms.
Most nonresident aliens receive no tax exemption for dependents.
Nonresident applicants can still mail in their applications.
Nonresident cards are valid for one year from date of purchase.
Nonresident fees apply annually as well, unless otherwise indicated.
Nonresident fees are nonrefundable.
Most nonresident hunters come from Louisiana.
Nonresident income Enter the total of all income received while residing outside Pennsylvania.
Nonresident prices remain the same.
Nonresident students holding a half-time assistantship automatically qualify for resident tuition.
Nonresident students holding graduate assistantships pay the same tuition as Texas residents.
Nonresident students pay only resident tuition for summer semester credits .
Nonresident students receiving assistantships are eligible for resident tuition rates.
Nonresident tourists are key contributors to Wisconsin's economy.
Nonresident training is a self-study package designed to help a student acquire specific knowledge.
Nonresident tuition is approximately three times the New Mexico resident tuition.
Nonresident tuition is charged in addition to the registration fees paid by all students.
Nonresident tuition is charged on a per-credit basis with no maximum credit limit.
Nonresident tuition is waived for students who hold graduate assistantships.
Nonresident tuition is waived with half-time assistantships.
Nonresident tuition is waived.
Nonresident users pay double the amount of residents for daily admission.
Nonresidential markets are more mixed.
Nonresidential programs are also available for kids and adults.
Nonresidential uses are often present to provide for the needs of residents.
Nonresizable palettes mean combined tabs obscure the outermost tabs.
Nonrestorative sleep is the term used to describe sleepiness despite an adequate amount of sleep.
All nonrestricted documents are available as photocopies.
All nonrestricted records are available for the use of scholars, students, genealogists, and others.
Nonrestrictive material is set off from the rest of the sentence by a comma.
Nonrestrictive modifiers are parenthetical.
Nonreturn rate is an indirect measure of fertility.
Nonrouteable addresses lessen the security problems inherent with an always-on connection.
Nonroutine events remain a challenge for most agencies.
Nonroutine parameters are also available.
Nonroutine tasks are less predictable and require creativity.
Nonroutine use is typically more hazardous than routine use.
Nonscheduled injuries involve injuries to the head, neck and torso.
Nonscientific instruments are often both inaccurate and imprecise, e.g., the gas gage on a car.
Nonseasonal cycles are also desirable.
Nonsecured parking is available at most access points where the trail crosses major roadways.
Nonsedative antihistamines are the drugs of choice.
Nonsegmental type includes all types of vitiligo except segmental vitiligo.
Nonselective herbicides are toxic to all plants.
Nonselective herbicides can injure or kill any vegetation they come into contact with.
Nonselective herbicides kill or injure almost all plants.
Nonselective herbicides require a wide safety zone to prevent crop damage.
Most nonseminoma recurrences occur within the first two years after treatment.
Nonsense codons can be polar because they block translational coupling or promoter mRNA degradation.
Nonsense mutations change an amino acid coding codon to become a stop codon.
All nonsense questions are unanswerable.
Nonsense suppressor show how the genetic context can change the meaning of a given codon.
Nonsense can be something so senseless as to be laughable.
Nonsense can help.
Nonsense has a way of stopping itself.
Nonsense is a loaded word, the meaning of which is unclear.
Nonsense is a message
Nonsense is an act of friendship.
Nonsense is an assertion of man's spiritual freedom in spite of all the oppressions of circumstance.
Nonsense is language in a mirror, language reflecting on itself.
Nonsense is messages.
Nonsense is the answer, always.
Nonsense isa message.
Nonsense proclaim a new breed of cognitive psychologists.
More nonsense is added, and the hosts begin doing updates every day.
More nonsense is talked about brand building in business than most other subjects.
Much nonsense exists about Japan being unarmed.
Nonsensical lingo can sound very scientific.
Nonsexual transmission is also possible.
Nonsexual transmission is uncommon in North America and Europe, though, except among children.
Nonshared environment is the environment unique to the individual.
All nonskid areas are a non glare tan color to accent with the boats off white finish.
All nonskid areas are tan or light gray in color to coordinate with the boats accent accent color.
Nonskid surfaces are the best.
A nonsmoker is a person
Nonsmoker isa individual.
Nonsmoker isa person.
Nonsmoker isa somebody.
Nonsmoker isa someone.
Nonsmokers also benefit from vitamin C supplementation.
Nonsmokers are passenger cars.
Nonsmokers are people.
Nonsmokers become social smokers on the weekends.
Nonsmokers can help by supporting their friends who are trying to quit smoking.
Nonsmokers can receive a sandwich if they collect information to give to a smoker.
Nonsmokers contribute one hundred dollars per year to take care of smoking induced illnesses.
Nonsmokers demand that smokers suffer while they're still alive, too.
Nonsmokers do it without huffing and puffing.
Nonsmokers have (part) arms.
Nonsmokers have (part) body substances.
Nonsmokers have (part) cell membranes.
Nonsmokers have (part) cells.
Nonsmokers have (part) corpi.
Nonsmokers have (part) cytoplasm.
Nonsmokers have (part) heads.
Nonsmokers have (part) human bodies.
Nonsmokers have (part) legs.
Nonsmokers have (part) material bodies.
Nonsmokers have (part) necks.
Nonsmokers have (part) nuclei.
Nonsmokers have (part) personality.
Nonsmokers have (part) plasma membranes.
Nonsmokers have (part) sections.
Nonsmokers have (part) vacuoles.
Nonsmokers have a right to clean air and good health.
Nonsmokers have the right to breathe clean, smoke-free air in public places.
Nonsmokers have the right to smoke-free places.
Nonsmokers receive a discounted rate.
Nonsmokers often have trouble inhaling marijuana smoke, which they find harsh.
Many nonsmokers stay away because they hate smoke.
Some nonsmokers die from cancer.
Some nonsmokers die from lung cancer.
Some nonsmokers die of cancer.
Some nonsmokers die of lung cancer.
NonSpanish stations can only work Spanish stations, Spanish stations work everyone.
Any nonspecial character matches itself.
Nonspecific binding is proportional to the concentration of labeled ligand.
Nonspecific defenses rely on phagocytosis to fight infection.
Some nonspecific factors involve in resistance.
Nonspecific immunity protects against many different diseases at once.
Some nonspecific mechanisms involve in parasite resistance.
Some nonspecific mechanisms involve in resistance.
Nonspecific strategies are ways faculty can accommodate students with any disability.
Nonspherical perturbations result in gravitational waves.
Nonspur varieties produce fruit on longer branches.
Nonstandard auto includes coverage for higher-risk drivers and unusual vehicles.
Nonstandard work is exactly that-work that falls outside most common conditions of employment.
A nonsteroid is an organic compound
Nonsteroids are the traditional first-line drug treatment for rheumatoid arthritis.
A nonsteroidal is an organic compound
Nonsteroidals are safe in most instances with minor side effects.
Nonstick coatings are safe and pose no harm to human health.
Nonstick pans are easier to clean and they allow cooking with less fat.
Nonstick parts are dishwasher safe.
Nonstick surface is good, pyrex is good too.
Nonstick surface makes clean up easy.
Nonstick surface makes cleanup a breeze.
Nonstick surfaces are less appropriate for saut ing.
Nonstop action is the name of the game here.
Nonstop action makes up for inexpensive sets, bad dubbing and an overly familiar period setting.
Nonstop flight is flight
Nonstop flights are available from Minneapolis, New York, Baltimore, Boston and Orlando.
Nonstop flights are readily available from most gateway cities.
Nonstop service is a luxury.
A nonstop is flight
Nonstops are a type of tuberous begonias.
Nonstops are available from fewer cities in the winter and the flights are less crowded.
Nonstructural alternatives can provide for widening the floodplain and reducing impacts downstream.
Nonstructural carbohydrates are high in basal parts of tillers.
Nonstructural damage is significant because it is generally more widespread than structural damage.
Nonstructural damage is significant in schools within areas of intense shaking.
Nonstructural hazards can be file cabinets, computers, bookshelves, refrigerators ect.
Nonstructural measures are very cost-effective safety measures.
Nonstructural practices are essential elements in all comprehensive watershed protection programs.
Nonstructural proteins cause lysis of the cell, with release of progeny virus.
Every nonstructured diagram has an equivalent structured diagram.
Nonstudent spouses speak.
Nonsubsidized cards are available without limit at the library.
Nonsubsidized units have one, two or three bedrooms.
Nonsubsidized units have one, two, or three bedrooms.
Nonsugar sweeteners can replace part or all of the sugar in many recipes.
Nonsurgical alternatives are available for some patients with gallstone disease.
Many nonsurgical conditions can resemble diseases that require surgery.
Nonsurgical methods are traumatic, at least physically.
Nonsurgical therapy can yield varying degrees of success.
Nonsurgical therapy does work for patients with herniated discs.
Nonsymbolic information is needed for motor tasks.
Nonsynonymous mutations are virtually always deleterious to the organism.
Nonsystematic nomenclature is simpler and unambiguous, at least to organic chemists.
Nontax incentives take the form of grants, interest-free loans or interest subsidies.
Nontaxable benefits are available to employees who suffer a work-related illness or injury.
Nontaxable exchanges offer significant opportunities for the deferral of federal income tax.
Nontech companies are in a more vulnerable position than others that did venture investing.
Nontechnical book describes and illustrates nine common U.S. ticks.
Nontechnical challenges are greater than the technical challenges.
Nontechnical language is used throughout and terms are explained and illustrated when appropriate.
Nontechnical users can develop their own reports after minimal use of the system.
All nontenured teachers participate in the program.
Nonterminal symbols are strings of nonspecial characters.
Nonterminal symbols are syntactic variables that denotes sets of strings.
Nontherapeutic research has an entirely different purpose.
Nontherapeutic studies aim to rule out certain conditions rather than to treat an existing problem.
Nonthermal emission is also consistent with the time variability of the polar radio sources.
Nonthermal radiation is emitted only by very young galaxies.
Nonthermal velocities computed from the widths of the broad components are always highly supersonic.
Nontraditional applications require novel data types, such as polygons and time-series.
Nontraditional careers provide a variety of work options and increase a person's earnings.
Nontraditional credit means earning college credit in a way other than attending a structured class.
Nontraditional degrees are completely legal and are a recognized method of obtaining a degree.
Nontraditional education is an honest, fully legal, recognized method of obtaining a degree.
Nontraditional education is the answer for many of today's busy adults.
Nontraditional education places responsibility on the student.
Nontraditional jobs are too dirty, noisy and dangerous for women .
Nontraditional jobs are too dirty, noisy and dangerous for women.
Nontraditional opportunities are available to help military students with their unique needs.
Some nontraditional pets are easier to care for than others.
More nontraditional projects attempt to break down cultural and generational barriers.
Nontraditional regression analyses.
Nontraditional schedules affect the lives of millions of families.
Nontraditional students are back in school with clear goals and reasons for being there.
Nontraditional students are eligible.
Nontraditional students are highly likely to leave in their first year of postsecondary education.
Nontraditional students are most likely to use long distance learning.
Nontraditional students are students who have other full-time responsibilities besides school.
Nontraditional students are welcome.
Nontraditional students bring rich life experiences to their studies, and more maturity.
Nontraditional students earn credit in a variety of ways.
Nontraditional students have different needs and concerns.
Nontraditional students have their own student senator.
Nontraditional students tend to push themselves harder because they are older.
Many nontraditional students face a time of uncertainty when they first enroll in college.
Nontraditional women working towards an undergraduate or graduate degree are eligible.
Nontraditional workers offer employers an expanded pool of workers.
Nontransactional components can also use it if needed.
Nontransferable programs prepare students for the workworld.
Nontraumatic hemothorax carries a much lower mortality.
Any nontrivial assignment can take a nontrivial amount of time.
All nontrivial modes damp for sufficiently high turbulent disk parameter alpha.
Nontrivial problems can have nontrivial solutions.
Nontrivial steps require an explanation.
Nontropical vortices deserving of gale warnings are more frequent.
Some nontuberculous mycobacteria demonstrate in vitro resistance to ciprofloxacin.
Nonuniform flow can induce profound changes in the macroscopic properties of complex fluids.
Nonunion contractor thinks about becoming a union shop.
Nonunion contractors are quick to tell workers that if they attempt to organize they'll be deported.
Nonunion contractors do so only in rare instances, and then only for some of their craft employees.
All nonunion employees are eligible to qualify for stock options granted by the company.
Some nonunion mines offer health benefits, but the premiums are usually sky-high.
Nonunion workers are on their own in disputes with management.
Nonvalid synonyms are in italics and referred to the accepted name.
A nonvascular plant is an organism
Nonvascular plants are much smaller than most vascular plants.
Nonvascular plants have female reproductive organs called .
Nonvascular plants have male reproductive organs called .
Nonvascular plants tend to be small and confined to wet habitats.
Nonvascular plants use for absorbing water.
Some nonvascular plants are monoecious and some are dioecious.
Nonvasogenic oedema is used for a swelling with normal vascular permeability to proteins.
Nonvenomous snakes have two rows of scales from the vent to the end of the tail.
Nonverbal actions can also express such intentions.
Nonverbal actions have a lot to do with what a person really means.
Nonverbal behavior is also a part of communication.
Nonverbal communication assosiates experiences of the senses sound, smell, vision, touch, and taste.
Nonverbal communication can also motivate individuals.
Nonverbal communication can also take place through the physical arrangement of space.
Nonverbal communication can be a motivation tool.
Nonverbal communication consists of facial gestures, body expression and hand movements.
Nonverbal communication consists of several codes working in concert.
Nonverbal communication conveys certain kinds of messages particularly well.
Nonverbal communication has a strong link to culture.
Nonverbal communication has different meanings for different people or groups.
Nonverbal communication includes images, actions and behaviors used to transmit messages.
Nonverbal communication includes much more than body language.
Nonverbal communication includes the use of touch, facial expressions, and body language.
Nonverbal communication involves every facet of our lives.
Nonverbal communication involves using body language to convey a message.
Nonverbal communication is a key element in today's business world.
Nonverbal communication is a powerful conveyor of meaning.
Nonverbal communication is a very powerful form of communication.
Nonverbal communication is about using other than verbal means to send a message.
Nonverbal communication is always unintentional.
Nonverbal communication is an elaborate code written nowhere yet understood by all.
Nonverbal communication is basically the act of speaking without using any words.
Nonverbal communication is communication using body language, facial expressions, or hand movement.
Nonverbal communication is communication without words, facial expressions, and gestures.
Nonverbal communication is consistent and appropriate.
Nonverbal communication is culture-bound .
Nonverbal communication is enabled.
Nonverbal communication is frequently limited which is interpreted as low cognitive ability.
Nonverbal communication is important, however, give consideration to cultural differences.
Nonverbal communication is important.
Nonverbal communication is just as strong as verbal communication.
Nonverbal communication is learned and practiced often on an unconscious level.
Nonverbal communication is limited.
Nonverbal communication is multichanneled .
Nonverbal communication is often more reliable than the symbolic or verbal modes.
Nonverbal communication is one way to express thoughts and feelings.
Nonverbal communication is particularly useful in some everyday situations.
Nonverbal communication is present even if there are no words being spoken.
Nonverbal communication is relatively ambiguous .
Nonverbal communication is relatively universal, although nonverbal acts can be conventionalized.
Nonverbal communication is something that is understood without saying a word.
Nonverbal communication is the exchange of ideas using signs, signals, and hand gestures.
Nonverbal communication is the only way babies can communicate with the world.
Nonverbal communication is the primary means of forming first impressions .
Nonverbal communication is the sum total of our body's communication.
Nonverbal communication is touched on.
Nonverbal communication is very important during the interview process.
Nonverbal communication is what counts.
Nonverbal communication lies at the heart of both language and culture.
Nonverbal communication occurs frequently and is appropriate.
Nonverbal communication refers to a variety of forms of communication excluding language.
Nonverbal communication works well too, as long as both partners understand it.
Nonverbal communications are appropriate and meaningful.
Nonverbal conduct can be enough.
Nonverbal cues can also be effective in some situations.
Nonverbal cues can also be facial expressions, body posture, and hand signals.
Nonverbal cues depend on good visual acuity.
Nonverbal education is by far the most powerful.
Nonverbal leakage can contradict the verbal message.
Nonverbal messages are also a way to strengthen what is said.
Nonverbal messages are an essential component of communication in the teaching process.
Nonverbal messages are continuous .
Nonverbal messages are more believable .
Nonverbal messages are more primitive .
Nonverbal messages are more uncontrollable .
Nonverbal messages are particularly appropriate for conveying emotion.
Nonverbal messages are the most powerful form of communication.
Nonverbal messages can move prospects from suspicion to openness and receptiveness.
Nonverbal messages can sometimes contradict verbal messages.
Nonverbal messages can strengthen what has been said or they can send contradictory messages.
Nonverbal messages carry more weight than verbal messages.
Nonverbal messages carry over four times the weight of verbal messages.
Nonverbal messages communicate attitudes, values and emotions.
Nonverbal messages have at least as much impact on the listener as words do.
Nonverbal signals are highly ambiguous.
Nonverbal signals are important.
Nonverbal signals can communicate much more effectively than words.
Nonviable enterprises seem more likely to starve to death than to die through execution.
Nonviolence acts out of truth.
Nonviolence aims to evoke the spirit of partnership among the best parts of everyone involved.
Nonviolence avoids the use of violence.
Nonviolence begins at home.
Nonviolence begins at the table.
Nonviolence begins in the kitchen.
Nonviolence can be a way of life, deeply rooted in a spiritual tradition.
Nonviolence expects change.
Nonviolence is a direct action
Nonviolence is always relevant because it is the natural response of any civilized human being.
Nonviolence means prevention before the crisis.
Nonviolence never humiliates.
Nonviolence refuses to cooperate with evil and injustice.
Nonviolence seeks friendship and understanding with the opponent.
Nonviolence seeks to win friendship and understanding.
Nonviolence seeks to win friendships and understanding.
Nonviolence always respects the other.
Nonviolent action brings the power of love into play in the arena of conflict.
Nonviolent action uses only means that promote the well being of all parties to the conflict.
Every nonviolent action has a political objective and a strategic goal.
Nonviolent crime includes burglary, larceny-theft, and motor vehicle theft.
Nonviolent crime is pretty low here, too.
Nonviolent crimes are burglaries, thefts and automobile thefts.
Nonviolent crimes are burglaries, thefts and motor vehicle thefts.
Nonviolent force is the creative force of love, justice, and equality.
Nonviolent games are a centerpiece of the events.
Nonviolent interventions are adventures in safety.
Nonviolent interventions are immediate.
Nonviolent interventions are nonviolent.
Nonviolent living requires a community effort.
Nonviolent love is spontaneous, unmotivated, unselfish and creative.
Nonviolent protest is one way of defending the autonomy of the people.
Nonviolent solutions are lasting and bring harmony.
Nonvisual controls are difficult to build.
Nonvoice terminals connecting to PBXs include PCs and teletypewriters.
Nonvolatile memory holds the program when power is removed.
Nonvolatile memory protects preset parameters from power failure.
Nonvolatile memory retains setup and sensor calibration.
Nonvoting members are honorary life members and ex-officio members without vote.
Nonvoting membership is open to all interested individuals and organizations.
Nonwashable clothing can be dry-cleaned or isolated for several days.
Nonya food is a combination of Chinese ingredients with Malaysian herbs and spices.
Nonyl phenols are quite toxic, slow to biodegrade, and have no business in any cleaning product.
Noodle dishes are also popular.
Noodle dishes are mediocre.
Noodle dishes are varied and excellent.
Noodle quality is very important to gaining market share in Asia.
Noodle rods are ideal.
Noodle shops are as ubiquitous, cheap, and informal in Tokyo as pizza joints are in New York City.
Noodle shops are great for quick meals and are generally inexpensive.
Noodle shops are on the lower two floors, and their cuisine is available both fresh and dried.
Noodle soup is more a noodle dish rather than a soup dish.
A noodle is solid food
Noodle isa pasta.
Noodles accent the wish for long life.
Noodles account for a third of Asian wheat consumption, similar to the entire Kansas crop.
Noodles are a feel-good food.
Noodles are a typical lunch, and noodle shops abound.
Noodles are also a quick and easy meal that can be eaten for breakfast.
Noodles are also available with Dichroic coatings . . .
Noodles are also popular.
Noodles are available in several different thicknesses and styles.
Noodles are cereals.
Noodles are chinese food.
Noodles are fat and chewy.
Noodles are fictional characters.
Noodles are food.
Noodles are good, cheap and filling.
Noodles are inexpensive, healthy, versatile and fast.
Noodles are located in pantries.
Noodles are low fat, low calorie, low sodium, but rich in vitamins.
Noodles are one of the world's favorite comfort foods.
Noodles are pasta.
Noodles are popular in many areas.
Noodles are similar to pasta, except that it is made out of rice flour.
Noodles are uncut to represent a long life.
Noodles are, by their very nature, inexpensive.
Noodles boiling, begin their own gravy - season to taste.
Noodles boiling, begin their own gravy.
Noodles come in a wide variety of shapes and are used all around the world.
Noodles come in all shapes ,sizes and cooking style , they are fried , boiled , bland or very spicy.
Noodles come in all shapes, sizes and cooking style, they are fried, boiled, bland or very spicy.
Noodles come in every width and can be used as an entree or a snack.
Noodles come in varying widths, from thin to wide.
Noodles go with everything.
Noodles has a patio open outside under red and white umbrellas.
Noodles hate being cooked.
Noodles have taste.
Noodles is a Chinese speciality restaurant cum bar.
Noodles is a loner, very proud.
Noodles is a talking cat.
Noodles just beg for butter.
Noodles make from wheat.
Noodles offers pasta dishes ranging from macaroni and cheese to Indonesian peanut saut.
Noodles provide the carbo element.
Noodles puts both projects in perspective as a modern-rock tradition.
Noodles specializes in a variety of traditional Asian noodle dishes and Chinese dim sum.
Noodles spins plates.
Noodles top with sauces.
Most noodles make from wheat.
Some noodles use in soup.
Some noodles use in vietnamese soup.
A nook is an area
Nook is intelligent, agile and just plain beautiful.
Nook isa location.
Nook opens to a fully fenced backyard.
Nook Opens to Comfy Family Room with Inviting Fireplace.
Nooks are hide.
Nooks are hundreds.
Nooks are retreats.
Nooks are small.
Nooks are squat, and have deep sunken eyes.
Every nook is filled with parts, clothes and, of course, bicycles.
Noon tea is served.
A noon is a hour
Noon approaches from the side.
Noon blow past lots mile since changed teen clothes.
Noon check out.
Noon comes around and still nothing to comment on.
Noon corresponds with summer.
Noon fold except few toy hence include youth baseball uniforms.
Noon isa cognition.
Noon isa knowledge.
Noon rings out.
Noons are hours.
Noons are part of days.
Noons are time of day.
Some noons are part of dates.
Some noons are part of days.
Some noons are part of eves.
Some noons are part of tomorrows.
Some noons are part of yesterdays.
Noonetime consultants possess, above all, the ability to solve problems.
Nootropic drugs are an area of great transhumanist interest, although still controversial.
Nopales are a nutritious and delicious member of the cactus family.
Nopales are the young flat paddles of the prickly pear cactus.
Nopales have a tart, green bean-like flavor.
Nopales make a very good salad.
Nopporo forest is an interesting place for bird-watchers and recreating families.
A noradrenaline is a catecholamine
Noradrenaline eases depression, curbs hunger and improves memory and mental alertness.
Noradrenaline gives the body energy.
Noradrenaline is essential for mouse fetal development.
Noradrenaline is important in maintaining wakefulness and attention.
Noradrenaline is released during stress.
Noradrenaline is responsible for alertness, concentration and mental activity.
Noradrenaline is the alarm hormone.
Noradrenaline is the natural bronchodilator, but it also increases heart rate and blood pressure.
Noradrenaline tends to be associated with more pleasant kinds of arousal.
Noradrenalines are catecholamines.
Noradrenergic activity affects nicotine withdrawal.
Noradrenergic neurotransmitters are important in producing anxiety.
Norbertine celibacy is more than a negative denial of sexual behavior.
Norbertine spirituality is ecclesial.
Norbertine spirituality requires communio.
Norbertine spirituality rests on a rhythm of prayer that is both public and personal.
NORD teams require a tryout.
Nordic aid is targeted to the poorest countries, favoring open economies and democracies.
Nordic cooperation is based on democracy, identity and community.
Nordic countries are countries.
Nordic countries are the ones that most contribute to aid the third world in terms of percentage.
Nordic countries have similar state , law and culture .
Nordic countries have similar state, law and culture.
All Nordic countries show similar figures.
Nordic customers are very critical and they know exactly what they want.
Nordic dogs dig holes to cool themselves.
Nordic enthusiasts look for ways to reverse the trend.
Nordic equipment is available to rent.
Nordic giants join forces.
Nordic governments intend to maintain their global lead.
Nordic journals are our speciality.
Nordic pages cover trips and plenty of information about technique, conditioning, and equipment.
Nordic pass includes chairlift ride.
Nordic people respect cooperation, too.
Nordic race is under construction.
Nordic skis are long and narrow and are fastened to a cross country ski boot at the toe.
Nordic skiers can choose from numerous groomed tracks or backcountry hut touring.
Nordic skiers live and die by it.
Nordic skiing abounds with trails for all levels.
Nordic skiing is alive and well here in Europe.
Nordic skiing is available as well.
Nordic skiing is available virtually on the campus's doorstep and at area ski touring centers.
Nordic skiing is extensive, with the largest maintained tracks in the United States here.
Nordic skiing is free.
Nordic skiing is like swimming.
Nordic skiing is much like jogging, alternating left and right while gliding over the terrain.
Nordic skiing is popular and there are cross-country trails of varying difficulty.
Nordic skiing is safer, more fun and energy efficient with lessons to learn new techniques.
Nordic skiing is splendid in Southern Vermont.
Nordic skiing takes place on surfaces where tracks have been made by previous skiers.
Nordic states follow international trend - issue declaration against child soldiers.
Nordic ties are increasingly important.
Nordic tracks are often in valleys, sometimes extending for many miles.
Nordic trails are another good bet, but be polite.
Nordic trails are open.
Nordic training is simple.
Nordic troops serve with U.S. forces in Macedonia and as part of the implementation force in Bosnia.
Nordic Tugs are famous for safety, reliability and comfort - even in bad weather.
Nordic vacations mix easily with alpine skiing at virtually all resorts.
Nordic Valley has a ski shop offering skiing and snowboard rental equipment and accessories.
Nordic Valley is a quaint resort known for an outstanding family atmosphere and affordable skiing.
Nordic Valley is a quieter place with great snow, no crowds and no frills.
Nordic Valley is equipped with the most professional fan snowmakers in North America.
Nordic Valley Learn to ski or board, day or night at Nordic Valley.
Nordics are very scientific and intellectual, and dislike the spotlight.
Nordics eat little, having learned to adapt to lean times on their world.
Norepinephrine clearance is increased during acute hypoxemia in humans.
Norepinephrine deficiency is believed to be linked to diminished energy and motivation.
Norepinephrine acts on alpha-recpetors to cause vasoconstriction in vessels associated with gut.
Norepinephrine acts primarily thru b -adrenergic receptors to modulate several ionic currents.
Norepinephrine affects motivation.
Norepinephrine also can from the adrenal medulla.
Norepinephrine appears to be a possible contributor to any explanation for the extroversion trait.
Norepinephrine attenuates serotonin inhibition of pial venous tone.
Norepinephrine can cause severe persistent hypertension if administered concurrently with oxytocin.
Norepinephrine causes hostility and irritability.
Norepinephrine causes physiological expressions of fear and anxiety.
Norepinephrine constricts the arteries, thereby increasing blood pressure.
Norepinephrine has more alpha than beta-adrenergic activity.
Norepinephrine inhibits calcium-dependent potentials in rat sympathetic neurons.
Norepinephrine is a catecholamine
Norepinephrine is a catecholamine, and is used as an example in the pathways.
Norepinephrine is a neurotransmitter from peripheral nerves and nerves in the brain.
Norepinephrine is a neurotransmitter that has been shown to speed up the thought process.
Norepinephrine is a precursor to epinephrine - commonly known as adrenaline.
Norepinephrine is amine.
Norepinephrine is another neurotransmitter which assists in melatonin production.
Norepinephrine is catecholamines.
Norepinephrine is created by the amino acid tyrosine.
Norepinephrine is for infusion into a vein.
Norepinephrine is hormones.
Norepinephrine is important for mood, focused attention, and stress response.
Norepinephrine is neurotransmitters.
Norepinephrine is required for leptin effects on gene expression in brown and white adipose tissue.
Norepinephrine is the major neural transmitter of the sympathetic nervous system.
Norepinephrine is the principal neurotransmitter of sympathetic postganglionic endings.
Norepinephrine is the vasopressor of choice.
Norepinephrine regulates the in vivo expression of the L-type calcium channel.
Norepinephrine stimulates the focus of attention toward the external environment.
Noretainer fee is required.
A norethindrone is a progestogen
Norethindrone acetate also stimulates mammary tissue growth.
Norethindrone is a synthetic steroid, all the other examples occur naturally.
Norethindrone is excreted in both urine and feces, primarily as metabolites.
Norethindrone is used to decrease the side effects of estrogens.
Norfolk citizens volunteer as air raid wardens.
Norfolk parents have one month to weigh in on new school zones.
Norfolk pines have distinctively flat branches and short soft needles.
Norfolk style comes in white and tan.
Norfolk isa thing.
Norhtern people can never see it again.
Nori seaweed is high in fiber, protein, vitamins and minerals.
Norka soils have a ca horizon.
Norkraft people are committed to the northern way of life and to the mill, the town's main employer.
A norm is a standard
Norm also provides advice on collective bargaining and collective agreement administration.
Norm asks users for their gender and body weight so the program can calculate blood-alcohol levels.
Norm believes that too many teachers work in the isolation of their classroom.
Norm brings a wealth of sports marketing experience to the position.
Norm builds a low.
Norm builds in storage for markers and crayons and includes a useful storage drawer.
Norm can fix the style.
Norm comes in with an attractive woman.
Norm comes in, depressed.
Norm comes out of a background of business and television.
Norm continues to contribute to the project through the designers discussion group.
Norm continues to live in all of our memories and in all of our hearts.
Norm disagrees as to what is harder from an implementation pov.
Norm distills a lifetime of experience into seventy short, simple lessons.
Norm faces eviction.
Norm gives directions to historical sites of interest, as well as recreational attractions.
Norm goes on to describe how untamed grandiosity gets triggered in such a set-up.
Norm guides out of Truman State Park Marina.
Norm has a background in computers and performance.
Norm has a highly developed style - very personal and romantic.
Norm has a strict aspect.
Norm has it all.
Norm has perhaps the world's longest running and most expensive bar tab.
Norm has several tips for working alone with large sheets of plywood.
Norm has the respect that marketing directors deserve.
Norm holds a graduate degree in fisheries management.
Norm is a computer junkie, drives a crusty old buggy, and is building a serious pre-runner truck.
Norm is a model for the hundreds of all volunteer festivals in Indiana.
Norm is a proponent of client surveys.
Norm is a pure genius and craftsman.
Norm is a self-employed landscape architect.
Norm is a serial killer with a taste for little girls.
Norm is a specialist in marriage and family issues.
Norm is a very courteous, prompt, and honest gentleman.
Norm is also a writer.
Norm is an extremely bright, hard-working and innovative football coach.
Norm is directed to negotiate the best deal possible.
Norm is extremely well qualified and highly respected in the intellectual property arena.
Norm is infinitely better.
Norm is married and has a son and a daughter.
Norm is no newcomer to the board.
Norm is recognized as a leader in the training and development of young people.
Norm is that leaders won t bother members on votes that implicate members electoral prospects.
Norm is the author of book-length studies of Japan and China, Iran, Thailand, India, and Korea.
Norm is the author of numerous articles on sports collectibles and sports memorabilia.
Norm is the editor of the meeting's chemistry report.
Norm is the kind of guy who never rests.
Norm Is the only inconvenience about getting drunk .
Norm is willing to try to figure out the ramifications.
Norm isa criterion.
Norm isa standard.
Norm knows how to shake hands and loves people.
Norm leads a tour of the salient points.
Norm lifts heavy things.
Norm likes working on home repair and remodeling.
Norm lives in Melville, has three children and a grandchild.
Norm loves nature and the outdoors and enjoys cross-country skiing, hiking, scuba diving and golf.
Norm needs spiritual restoration.
Norm needs to sign the form.
Norm owns the building that houses the center but both governments agree to share renovation costs.
Norm pick em up.
Norm plays a random person.
Norm plays an under-achieving misfit, nitwit who's rather slow on the uptake.
Norm promises an unforgettable experience in the pristine, unspoiled waters of Pine Island Sound .
Norm promises an unforgettable experience in the pristine, unspoiled waters of Pine Island Sound.
Norm proposes a nesting catalog element.
Norm proposes catalog.
Norm puts the coffee mugs away.
Norm reads less.
Norm Res A check is made to show that the computed solution is correct.
Norm reworks the vertical pine paneling in the dining room.
Norm says No.
Norm sees to that.
Norm setting can only work if the team is truly able to arrive at consensus.
Norm speaks out on vital issues of the day.
Norm thinks it is a mistake and has a number of interoperability issues.
Norm tries to tough things out.
Norm truly enjoys meeting people and is actively involved in sports such as hockey and fastball.
Norm visits a community temple in Taipei.
Norm wants to establish a separate subcommittee to address and come to a consensus.
Norm wants to make some sort of splash about the latest draft to get some public input.
Norms also regulate behavior in cyberspace.
Norms are a cultural factor.
Norms are acceptable standards shared by group members.
Norms are also available for a variety of other positions.
Norms are also available for high school, collegiate and professional athletes.
Norms are also available for other positions.
Norms are appropriate behavior in specific situations.
Norms are as follows.
Norms are available for English children and adults.
Norms are available for persons with disabilities.
Norms are competitive.
Norms are criterions.
Norms are definite principles and rules which group members are excepted to observe.
Norms are for the most part unquestionably followed.
Norms are fuzzy.
Norms are guidelines governing moral standards and patterns of behavior.
Norms are important because they constrain future behavior.
Norms are important because they help give test scores meaning - something to compare to.
Norms are important for defining boundaries.
Norms are irreducible to rational choice.
Norms are often invisible but they prevail nonetheless.
Norms are part of the culture.
Norms are rankings of information, as in evaluations, ratings, or selections.
Norms are relative to time and place.
Norms are rules or guides for team behavior and decision making.
Norms are rules, models, or patterns of a particular group.
Norms are rules, policies, do's and don'ts, and standards of behavior.
Norms are simple.
Norms are social rules and guidelines that prescribe appropriate behavior in particular situations.
Norms are specifications.
Norms are standards of behavior enforced by participants in an interaction.
Norms are standards.
Norms are statistics that describe the test performance of a well-defined population.
Norms are the result of interpersonal comparisons of income and effort made by members of a group.
Norms are the shared rules or guidelines that govern our actions in society.
Norms are things that corrupt humans.
Norms are very societal based so depending on location, norms vary tremendously.
Norms are worse than most people think.
Norms basically say how big things are.
Norms become ineffective in controlling behavior.
Norms can be laws, but they also can be procedures, morals, customs or expectations.
Norms can help an organization by providing clues as to behavioral expectations.
Norms can make anything wrong and deviant.
Norms can purify destructive behavior, such as war, and even make it honorable.
Norms come into play in the aesthetic experience by placing brakes on too sudden changes in art.
Norms conform to most national and state requirements for special education programs.
Norms develop, with hierarchies and social influence at work.
Norms do vary.
Norms Establish a sample to compare scores and attain average performance.
Norms established by the group are more likely to be respected.
Norms exist for many tests and questionnaires that are used in mental health research.
Norms exists for a clinical, college, and community population.
Norms instruct people to keep their promises, to drive on the right, or to abide by the golden rule.
Norms lead to incremental growth at best.
Norms limit number of times one asks to speak to ensure that each speaker is fully heard.
Norms promote segregation of students by ability.
Norms provide a means of assessing a person's relative standing in comparison to others.
Norms reflect only test scores.
Norms relate to actual error.
Norms related to financing are relevant from the availability and marketing perspective.
Norms represent the number of respondent s to the question.
Norms represent the number of responses to the question.
Norms specify acceptable and appropriate behavior.
Norms summarize the scores of a defined group, used for the purpose of comparison.
Norms tell su how big things are.
Norms therefore provide a frame of reference with which to view a candidate's performance.
Norms vary by patient gender and size.
Norms vary with individual body type and chemistry.
NORM frequently forms as scale in pipes or monitoring wells.
Norms often form in response to new and ambiguous circumstances.
Many norms are universal and have withstood the test of human experience over long periods of time.
Some norms are central to the success of groups, while others are merely desirable.
Some norms facilitate group progress and some hinder it.
Norma brass is also available for handloaders.
Normal access goes through transparently.
Normal access is via a freight elevator.
Normal access is via dial-up or Telnet.
Normal accountants take down their coworkers with assault rifles.
Normal activities are important.
Normal activities can resume as soon as the patient feels like it after consulting with the doctor.
Normal activities contribute to the sustaining of life.
Normal activity can usually resume once a person has had enough rest.
Normal activity can usually resume within a day or two.
Normal activity counts too.
Normal activity resumes usually in a few minutes.
Many normal activities going on in the home each day require management.
Normal ads rotates within ONE hour.
Normal administration requires only a dozen commands and can be completely handled locally.
Normal admission applies.
Normal admission is by examination during the calendar year in which a child turns five.
Normal adult men have difficulty.
Normal adults appear to require six to eight hours of sleep per day on average.
Normal adultery is sex outside of marriage with a person of the opposite sex.
Normal agitation is all that is suggested.
Normal air is pumped between the barrel wall and the membrane to force the beer out.
Normal alkanes predominate.
Normal alveolus Note on left, in the normal lungs the alveolus is filled with air.
Normal anatomy is left in place and as a result, function and cosmetic outcome is usually excellent.
Normal anatomy is simulated and it is exciting to use.
Normal angiogenesis occurs during the menstrual cycle and when the body needs to repair wounds.
Normal animals eat and drink, and void waste products, on a daily basis.
Normal antrum is visualized proximal to the pylorus.
Normal anxiety is absolutely necessary for survival.
Normal anxiety is felt when an event is being faced.
Normal appearance is a fundamental feature of healthy human interaction and well being.
Normal appearance is a fundamental feature of healthy human interaction and wellbeing.
Normal approximation is just that.
Normal architecture remains.
Normal areas affected are the under arm area stomach under the chin and neck area.
All normal areas are hot.
Normal arteries are smooth and expandable, allowing blood to move freely and easily.
Normal arteries respond to the neurotransmitter acetylcholine by dilating, or becoming larger.
Normal attachment develops during the child's first two years of life.
Normal attachment is at two-thirds the height of the tree.
Normal attachment takes a couple of years of cycling through mutually positive interactions.
Normal attacks have good reach and priority.
Normal attacks look at the plaintext and the ciphertext and attempt to recover the key.
Normal attacks use less than alternate attacks.
Normal attendance is about a dozen people.
Normal attire is shorts and a tee-shirt.
Normal attire is usually casual rather than formal.
Normal authentication is bypassed if the address verifica- tion fails.
Normal authentication is bypassed if the address verification fails.
Normal babies learn and develop at their own pace.
Normal babies rouse and turn their heads.
Normal babies spend more time looking at the new face.
All normal babies have apnea, which is to say, central apnea.
Normal background is approx.
Some normal bacteria live in intestines.
Some normal bacteria live in large intestines.
Normal balance seems easily disturbed.
Normal balloons follow more random paths.
Normal bases offer considerable advantages.
Normal behavior is determined by time spent observing the habits of a normal and healthy animal.
Normal behavior is for the label to be formatted lowend - hiend .
Normal behavior is seen only if the fused cells are affected in different genes.
Some normal behavior involves breed site selections.
Some normal behavior involves selections.
Normal behaviour is to avoid direct human contact.
Normal bicycles can go faster than fifty miles per hour.
Normal bile is formed in liver, affects blood, and acts in small intestine.
Normal billing is monthly by credit card or quarterly by check, cash or credit card.
Normal birds adjust their song to what it hears from adults in the vicinity.
Every normal bird can fly.
Most normal births involve a combination of vertex presentation with anterior position.
Normal blood contains five grams of sodium per pint.
Normal body temperature varies from people.
Every normal body has just one head.
Normal bond typing paper works the best.
Normal bone goes through a continual growth and destruction.
Normal bone has two layers.
Normal bone is dense and strong.
Normal bone is dense, somewhat like a new sponge or honeycomb.
Normal bone is destroyed and replaced by poorly mineralized osteoid matrix.
Normal bone is like a really strong scaffold.
Normal bone is too hard to be cut for histological sectioning.
Normal bone renews itself by removing old bone and replacing it with new bone.
Normal borrowing is for two weeks.
Normal bowel sounds.
Normal brain tolerates small, daily doses of radiation relatively well.
Normal break is a right hander off the rocks to the right.
Normal breasts tend to feel bumpy, because milk-producing cells intermingle with fat cells.
Normal breath sounds bilaterally.
Normal breath sounds in the rat are relatively quiet.
Normal breath sounds to auscultation.
Normal breathing involves rhythmic inhaling and exhaling.
Normal breathing is a matter of controlling the lungs.
Normal breathing is carried out by movement of the diaphragm.
Normal breathing is coordinated with the movements.
Normal breathing means breathing at a rate dictated by the body.
Normal breathing takes in about one pint of air with each breath.
Normal breeds have coats like wild rabbits which are the same in texture and length.
Normal browsers get it right.
Normal browsers open up one session no matter how many pages they view.
Normal buds fail to develop or make poor growth.
Normal buildings flourish, die and are replaced about every millennia.
Normal business involves conflict and complexity sufficient to make outcomes uncertain.
Normal business is handle first and request for re-sent keys are done as time permits.
Every normal businessmen ignores solar energy.
Normal buttons use springs, and water pressure can depress the buttons.
Normal campaigns are no picnic, of course.
Normal capitalization is easier to read.
Normal car valves bang against their valve seats and wear accordingly.
Normal cardia is seen with the endoscope retroflexed.
Normal cartilage allows nearly frictionless and pain-free movement.
Normal cartilage is smooth and wear resistant, allowing nearly frictionless movement.
Normal case is used.
Normal cats have five front toes and four back toes.
Normal cats seem very resistant to ear infections, especially when compared to dogs.
All normal cats can fit under a car or truck.
Normal categories can sit alongside master categories in the menu.
Normal caution is advised.
Normal cells are able to recover from radiation damage better than cancer cells.
Normal cells are capable of repairing damage to their DNA as a means of preventing mutation.
Normal cells are genetically pre-programmed to produce new copies of themselves and then die out.
Normal cells are in the normal font and left-aligned.
Normal cells are subject to both positive and negative growth stimuli.
Normal cells are subject to both positive and negative growth stimulii.
Normal cells can only serve one function.
Normal cells die off as they compete against the cancer cells for nutrients.
Normal cells differ from cancer cells by their capacity to repair themselves.
Normal cells divide in a planned way, creating more cells only when needed.
Normal cells divide in an orderly way, making more cells only when needed.
Normal cells exposed to radiation begin to repair themselves hours after exposure.
Normal cells grow and die in a controlled manner.
Normal cells grow and die in a controlled way.
Normal cells grow and divide, but have a limited life span.
Normal cells grow, divide and die in an orderly fashion.
Normal cells grow, divide, and die in an orderly manner.
Normal cells grown in culture tend to stick together causing movement to stop.
Normal cells have a defined life span, roughly a few weeks to a few months.
Normal cells have a greater ability to repair themselves than do cancer cells.
Normal cells have a protective coating of sugars around their core.
Normal cells have a purposeful DNA map.
Normal cells have a telomere ladder, each containing partials up to seven subunits.
Normal cells have two copies of each chromosome.
Normal cells have two copies of each gene.
Normal cells have very small nuclei.
Normal cells live only so long and then die.
Normal cells react after proteolytic treatment.
Normal cells reproduce themselves and divide in two.
Normal cells reproduce themselves throughout life, but in a orderly and controlled manner.
Normal cells reproduce themselves throughout life, but in an orderly and controlled manner.
Normal cells show low amounts and nuclear localization.
Normal cells stop dividing to create new cells when they reach the end of their natural life span.
Normal cells stop growing and dividing at appropriate times.
Normal cells take up DNA and begin expressing the protein which induces an immune response.
Normal cells tend to lose their ability to proliferate during the process of differentiation.
Most normal cells are able to recover quickly when the treatment is over.
Most normal cells are differentiated, that is, they have a specific appearance and function.
Most normal cells grow, reproduce and die in response to signals inside and outside the body.
Many normal changes occur in the face with age.
Some normal changes occur in the aging male.
Normal channel has controls for gain, bass, middle, and treble.
Normal channels pass straight through without any reduction in picture or sound quality.
Normal characters have no special meaning.
Most normal characters require no application.
Normal charge is the usual daily charging procedure.
Normal charges apply for a larger amounts of copying.
Normal charges apply to all events except where stated.
Normal charges apply.
All normal charges apply.
Normal children absorb the sugar in the small int.
Normal children can go longer for major offenses.
Normal children learn that physical appearance is important to be within certain ranges.
Normal children learn the language of their own community without lators.
Normal children like to explore all parts of their bodies.
Normal children range from agile to clumsy.
Normal children reproduce the figure accurately.
Any normal child can memorize.
Every normal child is born with the potential to have a high self-esteem.
Every normal child learns a language somewhere between the ages of one and five.
Many normal children wet the bed occasionally even after training.
Most normal children have four to six colds a year.
Normal childbirth is covered in the 'Pregnancy' book section.
Normal childhood play such as recess and gym are safe.
Normal chromosomes are each one color.
Normal chromosomes pair up to form rows, which facilitate their organization during division.
Normal circulation is impaired, causing pain, tissue infarctions, and swelling.
Normal clock resumes.
Normal clutch is three to four eggs.
Normal collection resumes the following week.
Normal color is pearly pink.
Normal color ranges from pale straw to amber.
Normal colors are light to dark blue, white, grey and sometimes green.
Normal coloration ranges from yellowish orange to orange with black stripes.
Normal commands move files into their proper places, and set their modes.
Normal commerce ceases, but hastily constructed emergency systems provide society with basic needs.
Normal communication is more complicated, hampering productivity.
Normal computation is failrly expensive in both time and storage.
Normal computation is fairly expensive in both time and storage.
Normal concentration is disrupted and accidents that can happen do happen.
Normal conditions are a pre-requisite to the talks.
Normal conditions produce the most reliable results.
Normal conditions require a sluice box to be cleaned only once or twice a day.
All normal conductors possess resistance to some degree.
Normal configuration is done in a few commands.
Normal consistency is soft with some form or mushy.
Normal construction includes a thin sheet of aluminum foil to help even out heat distribution.
Normal contact implies relatives, friends, neighbors, co-workers.
Normal contact is with individuals purchasing products or services.
Normal contact occurs in CR only, and eccentric contacts are destructive.
Normal contraction is vital to prevent infection and water loss.
Normal contrails begin to form a full wing span behind the tail section.
Normal contrails come from the engines and wingtips of high-flying aircraft.
Normal contrails dissipate less than one minute after formation.
Normal contrast works very well in most situations.
Normal conventions apply, as in the use of quotes to limit the search to exact wording, etc.
Normal conversation is allowable.
Normal conversation is fine.
Normal conversation is fluid and respectful, allows for humor and invites response.
Normal conversation is possible.
Normal cooking kills the bacteria.
Normal cooking removes most or all of the anti-nutrients.
Normal coupling is augmented by the rigidity on the lateral surfaces of polar cells.
Normal crew consists of a videographer and producer.
Normal cultivation is one of the greatest causes of archaeological harm in the countryside.
Normal current is injected and extracted from the current electrodes.
A normal curve is a curve
Normal curves are especially effective when used in conjunction with analogs.
Normal curves are symmetric about the mean.
Normal curves equal in area to the histograms are drawn for comparison.
Normal custom is a kiss on both cheeks.
Normal customers can use the system, browse through the catalog, and do other customer functions.
Normal cutting means cutting with pure tap water.
Normal damage has no additional effect on a severely damaged character.
Normal damage is removed when a character is unneutralized.
Normal databases have their own access mechanisms.
Normal data is available for average monthly wind speeds.
Normal data is available for total monthly snowfall.
Normal data is available.
Normal data transmitted and received through sockets are untyped.
Normal daylight seems glaring, odors seem stronger than usual, and quiet conversation seems loud.
Normal deadlines apply to ads submitted electronically.
Normal deadlines apply.
Normal debate is suspended until the crisis is resolved.
Normal debate leads to progress.
Normal deliveries are for weekdays only.
Normal delivery is by carrier.
Normal delivery is by e-mail or downloading.
Normal delivery is curb side.
Normal delivery is five working days.
Normal delivery is three to four weeks.
Normal delivery is three weeks.
Normal delivery is two days worth of panels at a time.
Normal delivery is usually within one week.
Normal delivery is via postal mail service.
Normal delivery is within two weeks.
Normal delivery starts when check prints are approved.
Normal depolarization begins at the AV node and travels to the beginning of the left bundle branch.
Normal depth is the same A Normal lens attempts to minimise any 'fooled' perception.
Normal development becomes the point of departure for understanding childhood disturbances.
Normal development depends on continuing exploration of the world.
Normal development is dependent on continuing normal activity.
Normal development is emphasized.
Normal development requires an amazing sequence of events.
Normal diet is encouraged as soon as possible after bowel function returns.
Normal diets consist of fruit.
Most normal diets consist of fruit.
Some normal diets consist of berries.
Normal digestion takes places.
Most normal digestion takes places.
Normal discharge can last for two to three weeks.
Normal discharge flows from one bay only.
Normal discharge is transparent or cloudy-white, generally has little odor and causes no irritation.
Normal discharges are clear or white, non-irritating, and without noticeable odor.
Normal discipline includes making sales before, during and after harvest.
Normal disclaimer applies etc.
All normal disclosures apply.
Normal discounts apply.
Normal diseases enter the body by first contacting our nasal or oral mucosa.
Normal disinfectants have many unpleasant side effects.
Normal display represents revenue still needed to reach the budget target.
Normal distribution is a commonly found distribution that is symmetrical and unimodal .
Normal distribution is distribution
Normal distribution is distribution.
Normal distribution is probably one of the most important and widely used continuous distribution.
Normal distribution is quarterly.
Normal distributions are a family of distributions of the same general form .
Normal distributions are a family of distributions of the same general form.
Normal distributions are a family of distributions that have the same general shape.
Normal distributions are perfectly symmetrical.
Normal distributions are quite common in real life settings.
Normal distributions are symmetric with scores more concentrated in the middle than in the tails.
Normal distributions are unimodal, symmetric, and asymptotic.
Normal distributions are unimodal, symmetric, and bell-shaped.
Normal distributions produce a skewness statistic of about zero.
Normal distributions provide good approximations to chance processes like tossing a coin many times.
Normal documents contain their own text.
Normal dogs can have detectable bilirubin in their urine.
Normal dogs wag their tails.
Normal dosage is three drops per gallon for chicks and five drops per gallon for adults.
Normal dosages appear quite safe.
Normal dosages are only a few drops.
Normal dose is one to two teaspoons per gallon every three months.
Normal dress is casual.
Normal drugs counteract the remedies .
Normal duration is four weeks.
Normal duration is one year of full salary.
Normal dust spotting is included.
Normal duty is suitable for microwave ovens, lights, heating and domestic machines.
Normal ears have a smooth, pink lining of skin with minimal accumulation of wax or debris.
Normal eating enhances our feelings of well being.
Normal eating enhances our feelings of well-being.
Normal eating is controlled by recursive loops with cycles of hunger and satiety.
Normal eating is encouraged and physiotherapy is used to restore muscle strength.
Normal eating is enjoyable, healthful, flexible and adaptable.
Normal eating is flexible.
Normal eating is positive and enjoyable.
Normal eating is regualted by internal signals of hunger, appetite, and satiety.
Normal eating is three meals a day for some, but it can also be choosing to munch along.
Normal eating is three meals a day, most of the time, but it can also be choosing to munch along.
Normal eating is three meals a day, or four or five, or it can be choosing to munch along the way.
Normal eating is three meals a day, or it can be choosing to munch along.
Normal eating is three meals per day or it can be choosing to munch along.
Normal eating means eating regularly most of the time.
Normal elimination keeps the blood and lymph clean.
Normal email is about as private as a postcard, and easier to fake.
Normal embryos have a fairly strict rate of progression which starts at the time of fertilization.
Normal endothelium protects the vessel from adhesion of cells.
Normal enrollment is six credit hours from the following courses.
Normal enrollment is six credit hours.
Normal entry is by 'A' level qualifications.
Normal entry is via the atrium corridor.
Normal epidermis has a continual turnover of epithelial cells.
Normal erection is the result of many factors working together.
Normal ethics apply to co-authorship of publications.
Normal evaluators can sometimes escape the bottom 's grasp.
Normal events have effects which are exacerbated by human activities.
Normal execution resumes.
Normal exercise can do a lot to prevent over-use.
Normal exhaust is adequate.
Normal expectations are for three years full-time residence to complete all requirements.
Normal expulsion is about two pints per day.
Normal eyes have pressure.
Normal eyesight is zero degrees.
Normal fare is the highest authorized payment for carriage in the respective carriage class.
A normal fault is a break
Normal fault .-A break in the surface caused by tensional forces.
Normal faults are also on angled fault planes, but one side moves down and away from the other.
Normal faults are common at divergent boundaries.
Normal faults are common in regions of crustal extension.
Normal faults are common in regions of extension, such as rifts and spreading ridges.
Normal faults are extensions of the earth's crust, and reverse faults are contrac- tions.
Normal faults are the products of tensional stress.
Normal faults are the reult of tensional stress.
Normal faults are when the hanging wall has moved down relative to the footwall.
Normal faults can show diffeent geometries - and a few are shown here.
Normal faults form when tectonic forces stretch the Earth's crust, pulling it apart.
Normal faults form when the crust is being pulled apart instead of being compressed as it is now.
Normal faults occur mainly in areas where the crust is being extended .
Normal faults occur mainly in areas where the crust is being extended such as a divergent boundary .
Normal faults occur mainly in areas where the crust is being extended.
Normal faults occur when there is relative movement down the dip of the fault due to tension.
Normal faults offset blocks of the tuff cone and shield volcano.
Normal faults result from tension forces.
Normal faults tend to produce repeated sequences of sedimentary rocks.
Normal feces can vary somewhat in color and consistency, depending on the diet.
Normal fees apply for check printing reorders and stop payments.
Normal fees apply.
Any normal fellow breaks off contact with a woman once the sex thing has been performed.
Normal females carry two X chromosomes.
Normal females get an X chromosome from both parents.
Normal females have two X chromosomes , and normal males have one X and one Y .
Normal females learn largely by rote.
Normal films are readily available in most places.
Normal findings are a normal skull and surrounding structures.
Normal fines apply for late returns.
Normal finger acts as a splint for immobilisation for the fractured phalanges.
Normal fire is very inaccurate, but very fast.
Normal flocks have several female birds to one male, and roosters crow before dawn.
Normal floods supply the moisture and silt necessary for cultivation.
Normal flooding is simply a part of the ecosystem and helps to maintain soil quality.
Normal flora can protect the host, but in some cases, can also cause disease.
Normal flora has a role in protecting the body against potential harmful pathogens.
Normal flow resumes after water temperature returns to a safe level.
Normal flower appears on the right.
Normal flu does kill.
Normal focus is automatic and fixed.
Normal folks can live without sex for long periods.
Most normal folks favor the Three-tiered Structure.
Normal font indicates readings for graduate students.
Normal font is used for the names of constants and literals.
Normal food smells finally become stimuli that elicit eating.
Normal force is a contact force.
Normal force is directly dependent upon the elastic modulus.
Normal force is equal to the force exerting on it perpendicularly.
Normal force is measured by simply inserting the gage between two opposing contact beams.
Normal force is the force at which one surface is being pushed into another.
Normal force is the force pressing two surfaces together.
Normal force refers to the amount of force use to counteract the force of gravity.
Normal forces are forces which act perpendicularly to surfaces.
Normal forces are where they are important in industrial situations.
Normal forces tend to be a lot more effective than frictional forces in stopping movement.
Normal form is achieved by loop unrolling.
Normal forms are useful in differential geometry.
Normal forms have partial types.
Normal friendliness is all that's required.
Normal function can be variable.
Normal function can return, even years after treatment.
Normal function is unknown, large enough to be an enzyme.
Normal functions returning types reproduce the features of template classes of other languages.
Normal gain is preset by means of a trimmer on the module.
Normal gait is tested by having the patient walk up and down the hallway, and doing rapid turns.
Normal gaits are the walk, trot, gallop, and pace.
Normal game play now resumes under the fixed ruleset.
Normal games involve organised teams that at least try to use military style doctrines and tactics.
Normal Gardening can occur outside the barriers.
Normal gardening needs heavy tools to loosen the soil .
Normal gardening needs heavy tools to loosen the soil.
Normal genes can mask or hide defective ones.
Normal globin is made up of two chains, designated alpha and beta.
Normal grief can produce many of the same symptoms as depression.
Normal grief has no timetable or calendar, and people experience grief in many different ways.
Normal grief is time limited and that is the primary differentiation from depressive illness.
Normal grief requires no treatment.
Normal growth is categorized in a range used by pediatricians to gauge how a child is growing.
Normal growth is half that.
Normal growth is usually a sensitive indicator of health as well as of adequate therapy in children.
Normal growth occurs in springs.
Normal growth occurs, worn out tissues are replaced and wounds heal.
Most normal growth occurs in springs.
Normal guys have five to seven erections per night.
Normal guys like to get dirty.
Normal guys press hard for what they want to do.
Any normal guy can find someone nice and good over the net.
Normal habitat is floodplains, ravines, and dry streambeds in arid land.
Normal hair is so wimpy.
Normal harvesting helps to maintain a healthy animal population.
Normal heads produce a voltage when detecting magnetic field flux reversal.
Normal healing includes some setbacks.
Normal healing is coordinated with the immune system.
Normal health is advised.
Normal health is the natural result.
Normal hearing does return.
Normal hearing is needed since some breakdowns are diagnosed by sound.
Normal hearing thresholds for clicks.
Normal heart sounds Heart sounds in health and disease.
Normal heart valves open silently to permit the flow of blood.
Normal hearts increase their output with exercise.
Normal heartbeats are due to the orchestrated opening and closing of proteins called ion channels.
Most normal heights work fine with no adjustment, but take a look.
Normal hikers arrange a car shuttle.
Normal histology needs to be covered prior to pathology content.
Normal homeostasis is characterized by optimal concentration of both factors.
Normal hormone changes cause ligaments and joints to relax.
Normal hosts are dogs, other wild and domesticated animals.
Normal hosts are large wild animals and cattle.
Normal hotels have a set number of rooms .
Normal hotels have a set number of rooms.
Normal hours apply otherwise.
Normal housewife gets kids off to school and then gets nude on the Internet.
Normal housing is a one story house or apartment.
Normal humans have only two strands in a double-helix formation.
All normal humans have a conscience, a natural inbuilt sense of right and wrong.
Normal humor affects spleen and blood, and mixes with phlegm humor.
Normal hunger builds slowly and rhythmically, but can be over-ridden by normal activities.
Normal hydrogen consists simply of one proton and one electron.
Normal hydrogen is diatomic.
Normal hypnosis is often ineffective in stress reduction as it requires the presence of a hypnotist.
Normal ideas are ideas common to the many.
Normal identification is familial or gregarious.
Normal images take a number of dots to create each pixel.
Most normal impairment affects the senses.
Normal incisors are off-white to yellow in color.
Normal increase is per person as opposed per two adults.
Some normal incubations take places.
Normal individuals have no natural preference to either sexual role.
Any normal individual has to feel revulsion and disgust at what has happened here and below.
Some normal individuals have a positive test.
Normal infants have periods where they are more active or less active.
Normal infants respond with increased breathing and faster heart rate.
Some normal infants do have disproportionately large heads compared to their lengths and weights.
Some normal inhabitants cause trouble.
Normal insolation refers to the amount that strikes a surface that always faces the sun.
Normal installation consists of laying hardwood strips on a plywood subfloor screwed to the joists.
Normal installation requires two take-up sleeves.
Normal installations can take less than an hour.
Normal installations DO start the driver, which is immediately usable.
Normal installations take less than one day.
Normal instructions compile a pointer to their executable part onto the end of the dictionary.
Normal intentionality is terminated by object consumption.
Normal interval is an arm's length.
Normal intestines contain a sugar called fucose that is a bacterial food source.
Normal intuition works for the user.
Many normal joints are actually cooler than adjacent skin.
Normal keyboard works.
Normal kids climb normal faults.
Normal kidneys are typically the size of a human fist.
Normal kidneys clean the blood by filtering excess fluid and waste from the blood.
Normal kidneys transplanted into patients with diabetes develop lesions.
Normal labor can go quickly or take some time.
Normal labor is included.
Normal language is of course primarily conveyed through auditory and visual channels.
Normal language is the successful interaction among form, content and use.
Normal language is, of course, a very diffuse notion.
Normal lenses are easy and cheap to fabricate.
Normal letter grading provides credit with a letter grade.
Normal level resumes a few minutes into the clip.
Normal levels can vary.
Normal levels differ between people and between laboratories.
Normal levels indicate a good candidate for cryopreservation.
Normal levels indicate normally functioning testes that are undescended.
Normal levels indicate that the body is still producing it's own insulin.
Normal levels vary from lab to lab.
Normal levels vary with age, sex, and geographic location such as high altitude.
Normal life becomes well-nigh impossible.
Normal life carries on.
Normal life involves making mistakes.
Normal life is difficult enough without the complications that the threat of cancer can bring.
Normal life is represented in an immersive space through glyphs.
Normal life means attending to such minor things as our economy, society and environment.
Normal life seems to have disappeared for ever.
Normal life stresses aggravate generalized anxiety.
Normal lifespan is possible with good care and nutrition.
Normal lifestyles are encouraged and most activities can be resumed.
Normal lifestyles are impossible or severely restricted.
Normal light is scattered and diffused.
Normal light is unorganized or incoherent.
Normal line breaking behavior for the language is used.
Normal links are on the main page.
Normal links go to pages on other web sites.
Normal load is four courses per semester.
Normal load uses only one ounce per load, so is less expensive than other laundry detergents.
Normal loans are approximately three weeks.
Normal loans are in the first category.
Normal longings are anther kind.
Normal lots are just too small for a disabled person.
Normal lungs are a uniform light rosy pink color and float high in water.
Normal lungs are soft, pink and spongy.
Normal maintenance consists of removing any soil or other material that obstructs flow.
Normal maintenance includes foliar fertilization, pest control monitoring, and recommendations.
Normal maintenance includes foliar fertilization, pest monitoring and recommendations.
Normal maintenance is one guy on the cart at night, watering.
Normal males benefit from conceptual learning.
Normal males carry one Y and one X chromosome.
Normal males inherit an X from their mother and a Y from their father.
Normal mammograms use x-rays to generate images of the breast tissue to search for cancer.
Normal men act immediately and blindly upon their instincts.
Any normal man likes to be around pretty women.
Normal mares produce approximately two liters of colostrum.
Normal marrow is at the upper left and lower right corners.
Normal matter consists of protons and neutrons that make up the normal muclei at the core of atoms.
Normal matter consists of protons and neutrons that make up the nuclei at the core of atoms.
Normal matter has a positive energy density.
Normal matter is made of up and down quarks.
Normal matter makes the universe tend to recollapse.
Normal maximum is six credits.
Normal media are always one step ahead of the banality fans.
Normal media require no advertising.
Normal members conduct investigations and sit on hearings of students suspected of cheating.
Normal memories are surprisingly inaccurate.
Normal memory is considered, together with various tools to help with the assessment process.
Normal menstruation is caused by a drop in progesterone.
Normal mentality is maintained.
Normal meshes are new fundamental surface descriptions inspired by differential geometry.
Normal metabolism occurs through the processing of food sources.
Normal meteors are only visible at night.
Normal meteors leave behind trails that fade in seconds.
Normal migration happens all the time.
Normal milk is much lower in globulin levels, having instead a higher level of casein.
Normal milk is pasteurized by flash heating it and then cooling it immediately.
Normal mode allows members to respond and participate immediately to each other's postings.
Normal mode display a startup splash screen and places a small icon on the system tray.
Normal mode displays a name of font and a short sample string.
Normal mode is for accessing text files, and binary mode is for accessing other files.
Normal mode is to install packacge after package.
Normal mode provides for normal automatic change.
Normal mode scrolls data line by line.
Normal modes are applicable to any linear system of springs and masses.
Normal modes are symmetry labeled and displayed on one side of the screen .
Normal moles are generally smaller.
Normal moles are round and symmetrical.
Normal moles are usually only one color.
Normal moles develop in childhood and early adulthood.
Normal moles have smooth, even borders.
Normal moles tend to be symmetrical.
All normal monitoring is performed by opening one side door.
Normal motility keeps bacteria restricted mostly to the colon.
Normal motors require a drive train of some form, which results in a lower efficiency.
Normal mice give themselves doses of nicotine when the drug is available.
Normal mice suck and get jammed.
Normal movement is for the ischium to move away from the sacrum when that knee is bent.
Normal movement provides energy.
Most normal movement provides energy.
Normal mucosa appears at the right.
Many normal murmurs become hard to hear as children grow older.
Many normal murmurs become harder to hear as children grow older.
Normal muscle shows no electrical activity at rest.
Normal muscles use two sources of fat.
Normal myopia is no problem.
Normal neurons are able to regulate calcium concentration very effectively.
Normal neurons produce a protein that is very similar in structure to the prion.
Normal nodes feel small and round or oval, like small bee-bee pellets.
Normal nonsmokers have less.
Normal notation is sufficient.
Normal notice is two weeks.
Normal nuclei are spherical in shape.
Normal numbers are six with two severe.
Normal objects return the object itself.
Normal occupancy is four people.
Normal occupation is a repairman.
Normal office working conditions generally apply.
Normal office working conditions generally prevail, with some required travel to sites and meetings.
Normal office working conditions generally prevail.
Normal operation allows recipients full choice of participating providers.
Normal operation can now resume.
Normal operation continues, with a few more instances of backhoe in memory.
Normal operation is below capacity of system.
Normal operation is to begin tilting action when the box is around half empty.
Normal operation requires the microprocessor be cooled by a sophisticated fan-sink.
Normal operation resumes when the touch pad is no longer pressed.
Normal operation resumes with correct password entry.
Normal operation uses less than ten commands.
Normal operation uses the old variant which enables the interrupt line.
Normal operations can occur.
Normal operations continue.
Normal operations require substances.
Normal operations resumes.
Most normal operations require substances.
Normal options become exercisable gradually over five years.
Normal outbursts seem to be rare.
Normal outlets are plugs with two rounded pins.
Normal output is displayed as information messages, and error output is displayed as error messages.
Normal overtime applies if called out for duty.
Normal ovulation requires coordination of the reproductive system at all levels.
Normal packages go here.
Normal paper can only take so much ink without becoming saturated.
Normal paper has acid in it and it deteriorates over time.
Normal paragraphs are word-filled.
Normal parasites use vectors as their main means of getting to other hosts .
Normal parasites use vectors as their main means of getting to other hosts.
Normal parents exude a force field and instantly recognize when their kids have wandered outside it.
Normal parents grow weary of the process of saying no to the same request over and over again.
Normal parents reserve it for the fridge.
Normal Park is used frequently for small picnics.
Normal parties are difficult enough for sober folks.
Any normal party goes to an election with a number of key words and action plans and declarations .
Normal password is subject to easy attacks by hackers.
Normal patterns grade up and out at the same ratio.
Normal people achieve self-assurance by accomplishing things.
Normal people are capable of great evil.
Normal people are drivin to murder.
Normal people are happy doing what they do, living nice safe lives with acceptable adrenal levels.
Normal people are much more varied, unpredictable and interesting.
Normal people are really just a bunch of phoneys.
Normal people are unaffected by visual energy stimulus.
Normal people become torturers and they do it quite easily.
Normal people believe that if it ain t broke, don t fix it.
Normal people burn pretty easy too.
Normal people can get to the point where . . .
Normal people can skip right down the page.
Normal people cope with the help of a normal pattern of development.
Normal people do have a full range of emotions.
Normal people don t usually fight in the middle of the street.
Normal people experience opposite physiological effects often with feelings of acute fear.
Normal people feel real terror when asked to stand up and speak before a group.
Normal people feel warmth in their hands within a couple of minutes.
Normal people find homosexuality, especially male homosexuality, repellent.
Normal people fix their form in the mirror as well as their ponytail.
Normal people get together so they can talk, or go on dates, or watch something.
Normal people hang out with friends.
Normal people have a higher skin conductance response when looking at familiar faces.
Normal people have children within one year of marriage.
Normal people have counts well into the thousands.
Normal people have dystrophin in their muscle fibres.
Normal people have foots.
Normal people have good instincts for self-preservation.
Normal people have good instincts.
Normal people have hands.
Normal people have problems.
Normal people have swings in mood from elation to depression.
Normal people have trouble dieting.
Normal people have zero desire to roleplay.
Normal people interact.
Normal people know that such a thing sometimes happens and forget it soon.
Normal people know the difference.
Normal people learn from their errors.
Normal people live like shadows.
Normal people order it.
Normal people seek help when help is needed.
Normal people stay on roads that they can see.
Normal people suck.
Normal people take things back.
Normal people turn out to ogle the rich and famous.
All normal people love meat.
Many normal people are alive , though .
Many normal people are alive, though.
Many normal people have up to a quarter inch in difference.
Most normal people can watch an explicit movie and take it only as an act of fiction.
Most normal people don t go through life looking for trouble from others.
Most normal people feel frightened when they are confronted by a dead body or by death in gereral.
Most normal people have to do that.
Most normal people read books.
Some normal people have hard BMs daily without any pain.
Normal perception is always the perception of something that has existence in reality.
Normal performance consists of arousal and orgasm.
Normal people are capable of close doors.
Normal people read books.
All normal persons possess some degree of creative insight and the desire to express it.
Any normal person can decrypt the password file by standard decryption tools found on the net.
Every normal person behaves differently in different situations.
Normal pictures look great, even wide open.
Normal pictures look great.
Normal planes can stand moderate damage and have slightly faster acceleration.
Normal plant stands and growth.
Normal plants are at the bottom of the food chain.
Normal plants can still create hazards.
Normal platelets have a central, purple staining area of fine granules, called the granulomere.
Normal play is resumed by simply stepping on the hi-hat pedal.
Normal points scoring system is used.
Normal policy is to offer the position to the runner up.
Normal populations are always present in Valley County.
Normal pornography is good for a marriage because it injects spice.
Normal position is at audience floor level.
Normal position is down.
Normal position is out.
Normal posting is absolutely free.
Normal postings resume next week.
Normal powders vary quite a bit and also have a larger spread between shots.
Normal practice is to block the road in the yard and down beside the field.
Normal practice is to meet at a set location before setting off to the match.
Normal practice is to resolve the addresses into names later, in batch mode during non-peak hours.
Normal practice is to turn off the supply and let the fires burn themselves out.
Normal practice is to use PPP rates, but actual rates can be appropriate in some circumstances.
Normal preparation continues.
Normal pressure has a pore pressure gradient equal to that of a water column.
Normal pressure hydrocephalus enlarges the ventricles without increasing pressure in the brain.
Normal prey includes fishes and a variety of invertebrates such as crabs, shrimps and octopuses.
Normal prey is invertebrates but large specimens occasionally attack smaller lizards.
Normal prices apply if ordering by other means.
Normal prices are back in effect.
Normal print is the default.
Normal problems are essential material.
Normal problems are loose arm joints or loose corner blocks which are both easily repaired.
Normal procedure is for tuition to be paid in full during the week of orientation.
Normal procedure is that the call originates from the site requesting the presentation.
Normal procedure is to use the netnp utility to generate the password.
Normal procedures prevail.
Normal process delays slow parts receipts.
Normal processing begins with downloading and decommutating the data, known as the download process.
Normal processing produces heat, which destroys some of the active chemical compounds.
Normal processing requires two business days.
Normal processing resumes after unquiescing.
Normal processing takes five business days.
Normal processing takes two to four weeks.
Normal production is five working days, for rush orders please call factory.
Some normal production supports efficient digestion.
Normal profit is one example of an implicit cost.
Normal profit is the cost of using the entrepreneurs ability in the firm.
Normal profit is treated as a cost of production and included in the average cost curve.
Normal programs start with an empty screen and build gradually the function.
All normal programs think it is a folder with contents.
Normal progress is indicated by the list below.
Normal progress is measured acorss fall and winter terms.
Many normal proteins contain degradation signals called degrons.
Normal protocol is to immobilize it and rest it so it can heal.
Normal punctuation is required in all ads, including spaces between words, and commas.
Normal pups can be mouthy and bite ankles, bite wrists, bite hands, and old dogs.
All normal puppies are bouncy, mouthy, and rambunctious.
Normal push ups Done with a stiff body at varying heights, repetitions and tempo.
Normal rabbits have the upper incisors overlap the lower incisors.
Normal rabbits wear their teeth down as they chew.
Normal radiopacities are usually bilateral, while abnormal ones are usually unilateral.
Normal rainfall is between seven to fifteen inches.
Normal rainfall is quite low.
Normal rainfall is usually adequate for bearded irises.
Normal rainfall leads to growth.
Normal rainfall leads to plant growth.
Normal rainfall provides sufficient moisture to produce the crop.
Most normal rainfall leads to growth.
Most normal rainfall leads to plant growth.
Normal rainwater is less acidic than tomato juice, but more acidic than milk.
Normal ranges can vary depending upon the age and physical condition of an individual.
Normal ranges vary according to age and sex.
Some normal rats have levels.
Normal rates apply to Alaska, Hawaii and U.S. territories and international orders.
Normal rates apply when calling from abroad.
Normal rates are almost too fast to count, but decreased pumping rates can be readily counted.
Normal reaction includes trouble.
Most normal reaction includes trouble.
Normal rebellion is sporadic.
Normal recall is aided by two main factors - uniqueness and associations.
Normal recovery is to close the provider.
Normal reference ranges and the effects of time and feeding on bile acid concentrations in llamas.
Normal reflexes are absent.
Normal reincarnation begins when the soul enters the body at birth.
Normal rejoinder is that popular agreement is no safe proof of truth of any belief.
Normal relations seem to hover just on the horizon.
Normal reports are of one bird per kilometer.
Normal repressors can form tetramers and can thus bind to the normal operator site.
Normal reproduction is asexual by cell division, which allows for rapid increase in cell numbers.
Normal research involves checking an article's footnotes to find relevant older material.
Normal resolution requires larger text to be readable.
Normal response is for the eyes to move with the head.
Normal responses are well under one second.
Normal restrictions apply.
Normal results are to be made available upon patient request, either in writing or at sick call.
Normal results decrease parental anxiety earlier.
Normal results vary with the specific test.
Normal retirement occurs when employees reach age forty-five with at least twenty years of service.
Normal retirements are also dispositions.
Many normal riders ask about the affect of heavy panniers on bike handling.
Normal risk taking is part of life and a part of almost any professional activity.
Normal roads tend to sink and buckle when permafrost melts.
Normal ropes allow the outer jacket to rotate around the inner core causing tangles.
All normal routes used for international navigation and overflight are to be included.
Normal routine is resumed.
Normal routines can help provide an escape.
Normal rules apply, except for the following exceptions.
Normal rules apply.
All normal rules apply to the thesis account .
Normal sadness is transient.
Normal saline is a safe, available, effective, and inexpensive irrigating solution.
Normal saline is infused.
Normal saline is the diluent of choice.
Normal saline is the product of choice used in the administration of blood.
Normal salmon produce such a growth hormone only during warm months.
Normal scans are quite fast for USB, but very high resolution scans are painfully slow.
Normal science defines the maturity of a science .
Normal science goes astray when it goes into crisis, when an anomaly is more than an anomaly .
Normal scores provide a way to deal with non-normality in small and moderate sample sizes.
Normal searches can sometimes return hundreds of 'hits'.
Normal season occurs in the postholiday months or the summer.
Normal seawater contains three hundred eighty milligrams of salt per liter .
Normal secretions are usually thin and white or clear.
Normal separation points via latches are at the forward and aft ends of the superpod midbody.
Normal service begins when an initialled print is returned to the lab.
Normal service is rendered on all other holidays.
Normal service is restored.
Normal service is several days away.
Normal service returns soon.
Normal sewage includes wastewater and biological solids.
Normal shelf loading further increases the locking action of the clip.
Normal shelf wear to spine, otherwise fine.
Normal shipping is free.
Normal shops have normal sales.
Normal shots become Herculean efforts.
Normal sight is a projection of the physical appearance into mind.
Normal size depends on tree, but size is restricted by container size.
Normal size works great for most users.
Normal skin acts as a barrier to prevent water loss and stop skin irritants from penetrating.
Normal skin contains cells called melanocytes that produce the brown skin-coloring pigment melanin .
Normal skin feels neither dry nor oily.
Normal skin has an equal balance of water and oil, and medium-sized pores.
Normal skin is firm, with a healthy appearance.
Normal skin regenerates about every fourteen days.
Normal skin requires a mild cleansing bar.
Normal skin sheds whole individual skin cells or small pieces of microscopic whole skin cell.
Normal sleep consists of two types.
Normal sleep goes through different stages.
Normal sleep helps to restore mental and physical energy.
Normal sleep is as many hours as a person needs to be bright and alert the following day.
Normal sleep is comprised of various periods of different types of sleep.
Normal sleep is essential to a healthy and productive life.
Normal sleep is punctuated by many periods of arousal.
Normal sleep occurs in a series of cycles.
Normal sleep renders the emotions inactive.
Normal sleep takes up a large amount of time in a fast-paced world.
Normal sleep varies considerably from person to person.
Normal slopes tend to round over time.
Some normal snowfall has fields.
Normal soil wipes off with wet cloth.
Normal soldiers are all over the place as well.
Normal sonar bounces off a thermal barrier as the water gets colder.
Normal sounds are due to peristaltic activity.
Normal speakers turn their vocal fold vibration on and off many times each second.
Normal spec includes six in one bucket with forks and side shift backhoe.
Normal spectroscopy is frequency-domain spectroscopy .
Normal spectroscopy is frequency-domain spectroscopy.
Normal speech is full of stops, starts, pauses, and the inevitable ers, hums, ehs, and buts.
Normal speech is generally quite even in loudness.
Normal speed is variable.
Normal sperm are A. haploid.
Normal sperm have an oval head with a long tail.
Normal spoilage is a percent of good units passing the inspection point.
Normal sputum contains epithelial cells from the lining of the respiratory tract.
Normal stars emit no sharp ticks.
Normal states are either online or offline.
Normal status Send the message to the output area.
Normal stool can vary from orange, yellow, tan, green or brown in color.
Normal strains preserve the angles of a control element, but change the lengths of the sides.
Normal strains turn squares into rectangles with all the corners remaining right angles.
Normal stress is exerted even in a static, nondeforming fluid.
Normal stress is much more important than shear stress.
Normal stress is when the body mobilizes energy, concentration and power.
Normal students start studying for hours and seeing tutors.
Normal style is used primarily with paragraphs.
Normal subjects can immediately recall approximately seven digits.
Normal subjects have fairly constant levels of bacteria in their nostrils.
Normal subjects have two copies.
Normal subjects reading rsvp text slowly make saccades.
Normal substances contract when they convert from liquid to solid.
Normal sunglasses decrease the intensity of everything by the same amount.
Normal surcharges apply for operator- assisted calls, international calls and calls from payphones.
Normal surcharges apply for operator-assisted and international calls.
Normal surcharges apply for operator-assisted calls, international calls and calls from payphones.
Most normal talk is a seesaw.
Normal tears possess both lubricating and bacteriostatic properties.
Normal teens begin to think in more abstract ways.
Normal teens focus on their friends.
Normal temperature has effects.
Normal temperature ranges from degrees.
Normal temperature varies from people.
Normal temperature varies somewhat from person to person and at different times in each person.
Normal temperatures range from max.
Most normal temperature has effects.
Most normal temperature ranges from degrees.
Most normal temperature varies from people.
Normal tendons slide easily in and out of the surrounding sheaths.
Normal testing is focused on functional and structural product coverage.
Normal testis appears to the left of the mass, and the spermatic cord extends to the left of that.
Normal text has character's lines indented.
Normal text is black.
Normal text is displayed and scrolled.
Normal text is has the first line of each paragraph indented ca.
Normal text is put inside quotes.
Normal text is the default on a webpage.
Normal text is the unchanged text of the original bill.
Normal text uses a black upright font while mathematics uses a red italic font.
Normal theory is introduced first with discussion of what happens when assumptions break down.
Normal therapy follows systemically.
Normal thymus is seen anterior to the mass.
Normal time assumes low cost, efficient methods to complete the activity.
Normal timing is part and parcel of our perception of normal sleep.
Normal tissue analyses and vine growth.
Normal tissue appears green and suspicious tissue appears dark or reddish brown.
Normal tissue appears green and suspicious tissue appears reddish brown.
Normal tissue has a spectral pattern different from that of cancerous tissue.
Normal tissue is growth-limited, i.e., cell reproduction is equal to cell death.
Normal tissue is replaced by the cysts.
Normal tissue is usually able to completely recover from the effects of chemotherapy.
Normal tissue shows random clusters of ducts surrounded by connective tissue.
Normal tissues contain very low levels of free malondialdehyde.
Normal tissues have certain tolerance levels to radiation.
Normal tortoises are already special in several ways.
Normal trait proves to be detrimental to the species, so it lessens.
Normal transmission resumes today.
Normal trash is satisfactory.
Normal trips are half and full day.
Normal truth is a different order, and a lesser order, of truth.
Normal turnaround is one or two days.
Normal turnaround is one week.
Normal turnaround is two days in house.
Normal turnaround is two to five working days.
Normal turnaround is two weeks.
Normal turnover creates openings each year for people on our waiting list.
Normal turnover is one month.
Normal types are offensively weak to rock, steel, and ghost.
Normal upgrades are free and can be done easily by simply running an upgrade software program.
Normal urine consists of water.
Normal urine contains benign transitional epithelial cells that line the urinary tract.
Normal urine contains healthy, harmless and nourishing components.
Normal urine dipstick with esterase and nitrite.
Normal urine has a wide range of color that is determined by urine concentration.
Normal urine is of a clear amber color.
Normal urine is pale yellow to light amber, and is generally clear to slightly cloudy.
Normal urine is straw-colored and slightly acid .
Normal urine is straw-colored and slightly acid.
Normal urine is yellow to amber in color, depending on the concentration of pigment.
Most normal urine consists of water.
Some normal urine contains amounts.
Some normal urine has surface tension.
Some normal urine has tension.
Normal usage is defined as manufacturers original specifications.
Normal usage is 'lpq -Pprintername'.
Normal usage requires one channel for the main artiste with the other used for the backing band.
Normal use is described in detail on product labels.
Normal use is uncomfortable and hard work.
Normal use requires agpgart.o module, distributed with the server.
Normal users can add news to the news spool which is then managed by super users on the system.
Normal users can only change the properties of their own account.
Normal users can only view information.
Normal users can request encrypted transmission between unsecured hosts and the firewall.
Normal users can use command line options to enable or disable particular performance features.
Normal users have unlimited access to applications and the other two get limited access.
Normal users monitor the chat session by joining the room.
Normal uterus is at bottom right of picture.
Normal uterus is the size of a small orange.
All normal utilities are at or near the site.
Normal vacancies occur when there are short periods between occupancy.
Normal vacation is a work day.
Normal vaccines given at a normal time is actually preventative for leukemia.
Normal values apply only to males and to nonpregnant females.
Normal values are lower in children and teenagers.
Normal values are necessary to interpret clinical data.
Normal values are positive integers.
Normal values are well established for motor and sensory conduction in most major peripheral nerves.
Normal values depend on age and sex.
Normal values indicate that all items evaluated are within normal range.
Normal values reveal no agglutination.
Normal Values See specific tests, particularly the arterial blood gas test.
Normal Values See the specific test.
Normal values show no organisms in the meconium stool of the newborn.
Normal values vary depending on gender, race, age, and height.
Normal Values Vary for each drug.
Normal values vary from lab to lab.
Normal values vary from person to person, and with different equipment and technique.
Normal values vary with sex, age and weight.
Normal ventilation is generally adequate.
Normal ventilation is governed by the body's metabolic demands.
Normal ventilation is satisfactory.
Normal ventilation is sufficient for most applications.
Normal ventilation is usually adequate.
Any normal ventilation is adequate.
Normal vessels constrict in response to cold.
Normal view displays the text in a single column.
Normal view is the default view.
Normal view is the view of the document most commonly used for editing text.
Normal vision depends upon the cornea staying clear, thin and smooth.
Normal vision is needed to accurately observe test results.
Normal vision requires all the cells in the retina to work together properly.
Normal voice See modal voice .
Normal volunteers are eligible for single-dose studies.
Normal washing is usually all that is necessary.
Normal waves tend to push more sand onto the islands.
Normal wax is light colored.
Normal wear is peculiar to functional surfaces.
Normal wear tends to weaken and stretch the threads on which pearls are strung.
Normal weight depends on other factors such as body structure.
Normal weight is crucial to hormone balance.
Normal weight is difficult to define because it involves more than just height and weight.
Normal weights are are between five and eight pounds, although some weigh as little as three pounds.
Normal wires let electricity flow both ways.
Some normal women can get very low glucose levels and have no hypoglycemic symptoms.
Normal wombs lie with their closed end facing forward and pointing upward.
Normal worries can help kids to learn how to be safe and careful.
Normal writers wouldn t do that to their faithful readers.
Normal writing works fine.
Normal yield tables show quality.
A normal is practice
Normals are aware of other and have high social interest.
Normals are aware of themselves and problems, neurotics deceive themselves and others.
Normals are dependent on the control sample drawn for comparison at same time.
Normals are just that.
Normals are per-surface.
Normals are useful to align complex groups and cycles.
Normals are vectors often used to describe the colors of the faces in a mesh.
Normals have two normal genes.
Normals point inward.
Normals step to the rear, please.
Normals vary by age.
Normals watch on the periphery.
Normalcy comes to a screeching halt when tragedy strikes.
Normalcy ends and the artist's imagination takes over.
Normalcy ends there, however.
Normalcy is quality
Normalisation is an extremely important process ensuring that a database can actually work.
Normalisation is briefly yet well covered.
Normalisation is social control
Normality can no longer define any aberration.
Normality continues to be confused with health.
Normality has wonderful graphics and fun music.
Normality is a balanced mixture of all four.
Normality is a barely balanced equilibrium of tensions.
Normality is a curse for the weak.
Normality is a form of craziness sanctioned by local custom.
Normality is a matter of definition in a given society.
Normality is a pre-condition for certain analyses of data, including many hypothesis tests.
Normality is always equal to or greater than molarity.
Normality is an alternative way to express the concentration of a solution.
Normality is an amount
Normality is anything but that.
Normality is boring.
Normality is conditions.
Normality is conformity.
Normality is defined as equivalents per liter.
Normality is expelled as boring and insignificant.
Normality is important in statistical inference.
Normality is Israel's greatest achievement.
Normality is no nemesis here.
Normality is our adversary.
Normality is over-rated and boring anyway.
Normality is painful in a world of economic difficulty.
Normality is particularly useful in titrations calculations.
Normality is relative.
Normality is the possession of the confident.
Normality justifies the use of the t-quantile in computing the upper and lower confidence limits.
Normality prevails after the crisis, it says.
Normality seems to have wholly dispensed with bodily illness and pain.
Normality still looks reasonable.
Normality thus sublimes into pleasure.
ALL normalization factors are free parameters, however.
Normalization allows for fast binary comparison and accurate digital signatures.
Normalization also accentuates dynamic range in the face region through histogram equalization.
Normalization also can make approximating the optimal procedure quite difficult.
Normalization brings the highs and lows of the audio signal closer together.
Normalization can improve the quality of a database design.
Normalization comes through concentration on a piece of work.
Normalization considers the dependencies among attributes within and across entities.
Normalization consists of multiplyig the subsequent image by the normalizaiton factor.
Normalization eliminates duplication in the data.
Normalization eliminates many copies of highly abundant cDNAs.
Normalization encompasses all life areas.
Normalization encourages drug users to target realistic health goals, set by the users themselves.
Normalization has nothing to do with a song's average level, only the peak level.
Normalization helps eliminate the mosaic and shadow effects.
Normalization here requires two steps.
Normalization is a correction for isotopic fractionation.
Normalization is a mirage.
Normalization is a process of strict adherence to certain guidelines known as normal forms .
Normalization is a relatively straight forward process.
Normalization is applied to the transformed, blended normal.
Normalization is associated with the identification of a reference line for the expression vectors.
Normalization is done to handle input by users of numbers other than rank orders.
Normalization is especially important if one tries to go directly from the real-world to relations.
Normalization is fucked.
Normalization is like sex.
Normalization is only necessary when the peak amplitude levels of a show are very low.
Normalization is otherwise transparent to the user.
Normalization is simply a marginal improvement over an already high-quality voice connection.
Normalization is social control
Normalization is the fundamental rehabilitation paradigm of today.
Normalization is the key concept for both academic and socialization activities.
Normalization is the process which moves a relation from one normal form to a higher normal form.
Normalization is very important with long hospitalizations.
Normalization means involving no major structural alteration.
Normalization means reverting to normal.
Normalization now works in the recorder.
Normalization occurs by limiting the number of connections an afferent makes.
Normalization Open a new document file for normalization.
Normalization reduces data redundancies and helps eliminate data anomalies.
Normalization refers to the correction.
Normalization removes linear whitespace, case information, and message reply indicators.
Normalization requires . .
Normalization results for typeable rewrite systems.
Some normalization is enough, and they did some.
Normalized data does well in integrated, multi-platform environments.
Normalized text is likely to be of specific benefit in information extraction applications.
Normalized values provide the greatest precision for a given number of bits.
Normalizing pregnancy can help an adoptee bond with the unborn baby and prepare for parenthood.
Normalled outputs describe any internal connections that the patch bay has.
Normaly people go to church and priest put ash on their forehead.
Norman conqueror comes to manor.
Norman patois is spoken in some parishes.
Norman isa thing.
Normandy road is the third turning on the right.
Normative action is an indispensable tool to make decent work a reality.
Normative activities are regular activities taking place in human life.
Normative advertising targets the perceptions of students.
Normative advertising uses positive, local statistics about the drinking norm.
Normative cognition can be a matter of true, justified belief, and hence of knowledge.
Normative conflict involves disagreement over the standards and rules of the relationship.
Normative data are available for a variety of populations.
Normative data is a control group, but it's a control group of a cross-section of the population.
Normative data is available from previous studies.
Normative data is available.
Normative days flow into and make up normative years.
Normative education is another major element of the program.
Normative ethics is compared and contrasted with descriptive ethics and meta-ethics.
Normative ethics is concerned with norms of action in terms of whether the action is right or wrong.
Normative ethics is concerned with what 'ought' to be done.
Normative ethics is the study of general normative principles or virtues.
Normative ethics seeks to set norms or standards for conduct.
Normative ethicists are interested in finding a criterion for morally right action.
Normative explanations use values as a big part of the account.
Normative group means and standard deviations .
Normative influence arises from the desire to be liked and accepted by others.
All normative information is moved into the checkpoint text itself.
Normative investigations describe a characteristic of a specific age or stage of development.
Normative models represent one kind of link between theories and practical problems.
Normative motivation contains the element of fashion.
Normative motivation is powered by an inertia that eventually peters out.
Normative rules are more general than mechanisms.
Normative scenarios are preferred images of potential futures.
Normative standards differ for the two tracks.
Normative systems are either static or dynamic.
Normative theories are theories about what is of value and what acts are right.
Normative theories have a value judgement.
Normative theory aims to articulate the values that constitutional law ought to realize.
Normative theory refers to theories that are morally-laden and polemical.
Normed tests are simply a snapshot in time.
Normoactive bowel sounds, nontender, nondistended.
Normoactive bowel sounds.
Normochromic anemia is typical.
Normocytic anemia is a blood problem.
Normocytic anemia is the most common type of anemia.
Normokalemic paralysis causes the most severe and prolonged attacks.
Norplant contraceptive works well, study says.
Norplant failures are rare, but are higher with increased body weight.
Norplant failures are rare, even rarer than with sterilization, studies show.
Norplant implants are a long-acting contraceptive method.
Norplant implants are effective within eight hours after insertion.
Norplant implants are one of the most effective contraceptive methods.
Norplant implants are safe for breastfeeding mothers and their babies.
Norplant implants are six matchstick size rods that are inserted into the upper arm.
Norplant implants are six matchstick-size rods inserted into the upper arm.
Norplant implants cause most women to have irregular periods and spotting for the first six months.
Norplant implants prevent pregnancy for up to five years.
Norplant implants provide few side effects or complications.
Norplant implants stop the egg from leaving the ovary.
Norplant removal requires approximately an hour-long office visit.
Norrie disease is linked to the X-chromosomes , and is very rare.
Norrie students conduct tests on the Hudson River's ecosystem.
Norse gods play heavily into storyline.
Norse mythology is a set of beliefs and stories shared by Northern Germanic tribes.
Norse mythology is a version of the older northern Germanic mythology .
Norse mythology is a version of the older northern Germanic mythology.
Norse mythology is as highly detailed as Roman or Greek mythology.
Norse mythology is different than Greek mythology, although they share many common themes.
Norse mythology is famous far beyond the Nordic borders.
Norse mythology is mythology.
Norse mythology relates several possibilities for afterlife.
Norse mythology speaks of skiing and hunting in the heroic poems.
Norse people run through labyrinths.
NorSled volunteers keep in constant contact with shelters in our service area as well.
Nortel employees are more likely to stay with the company longer if they telecommute.
Nortel recruiters are at rock concerts in Boston and wine-tasting festivals in California.
Nortel systems meet the highest standards for quality and reliability.
Nortel trading remains available on other markets.
NoRTH agencies share similar values and objectives.
North america members have eyes.
North american amphibians find in freshwater ponds.
North american amphibians find in ponds.
North american beavers construct dams.
North american beavers have bones.
North american beavers have life.
North american beavers have nasal bones.
North american birds feed on fly insects.
North american birds feed on insects.
North american birds have tails.
North american birds maintain territory.
North american bullfrogs are found near sources.
North american cougars exist in density.
North american deer have tails.
North american lynxes occur in areas.
North american lynxes occur in forest areas.
North american martens are descended from animals.
North american native plants require maintenance.
North american pine has bark.
North american porcupines adapt to environments.
North american porcupines eat fruit.
North american porcupines have claws.
North american porcupines have long claws.
North american porcupines have ranges.
North american porcupines lead life.
North american porcupines lead solitary life.
North american porcupines subsist on diets.
North american regions contribute to development.
North american regions contribute to economic development.
North american researchers suggest importance.
North american women breastfeed infants.
North arcade is Victorian.
North astigmatism appears to be partly contributed by the camera.
North atlantic whales rely on temperature.
North Avenue has a wide variety of programming to encourage participants in their faith journey.
North Bay enjoys close proximity to Toronto and to other southern Ontario, Quebec and U.S. markets.
North Bay has extensive shallows, but wind-driven resuspension is important only during the summer.
North Bay has small airport that services the region.
North Bay is also a major railway town, with links west and into Ontario s far north.
North Bay is south and Thunder Bay is pretty quiet.
North Bay lies at the eastern end of the lake.
North Beach is a one-mile stretch of beach at the northern end of the park.
North Beach is a romantic, Italian stop for a great day or night.
North Beach is LA's Italian quarter.
North Beach is one of the last areas in West Maui possessing sandy beaches and open space.
North Beach is pretty much the proving grounds for a lot of young skimmers.
North Beach is staffed by a lifeguard year-round when swimmers are present.
North Beach is the ancestral home of the Italian community.
North beach is the home to the largest Italian population on the west cost.
North Beach is the place for the social athlete.
North Bend is blessed with many recreation opportunities nearby.
North Bend welcomes family reunions, church retreats, business meetings, banquets, or any event.
North border is even with main East and West Cemetery road.
North Branch has an opening for a superintendent.
North Branch is dedicated to the health and wellness of our community.
North Branch meets every other month and South Branch meets monthly.
North campground is open year round, and both campgrounds operate on a first come first serve basis.
North campus contains primarily residence halls.
North campus has many dorms, some with special characteristics.
North Campus is busy with construction of the new gymnasium.
North Campus is totally different.
All North Campus halls now work under the community standards model.
North Canton is about one hour south of Cleveland Ohio.
North Canton offers high quality education and deserves the support.
North Cape is reached.
North Cape moves several feet, but still grounded.
North Cape stays in Newport.
North Castle conducts regular focus groups with eight to ten teens.
North cell appears to have dissipated.
North Central cares about students.
North Central drops a pair of games as season end looms near.
North Central has a closed campus.
North Central has a solid blend of returners as well as several key newcomers.
North Central is a great team.
North Central is a microcosm of society.
North Central is a very good school.
North Central offers a unique curriculum of supporting programs that is extremely flexible.
North Central offers students the chance to explore how the world is changing the way people work.
North Central pays for things like career-mapping computer software.
North Central requires that degrees be granted.
North Central welcomes applications from international students.
North China is a traditional agricultural area with abundant winter and summer hosts of A. gossypii.
North Coast is committed to forging lasting partnerships.
North coast is the one of the three important area of producing salt.
North Coast provides a basic tutorial to each customer at the time of installation.
North Country offers the best fishing and goose hunting available in the area.
North Country tailors each research project to the particular business problem at hand.
Most North Country flowering plants are dicots.
North County figures prominently in the equation.
North County has no hospital beds for short term psychiatric placement.
North County is one of the department stores in the mall.
North County is where a rain shower is front-page news.
North County is where people move so they can be close to the ocean, then never actually go there.
North County lies an oasis of tranquility.
North Creek is one of the most beautiful trout streams in Virginia.
North declination is considered positive and south, negative.
North East is a unique project within the region, which offers assistance to local SMEs.
North east looks to the school and then sparsely populated areas.
North East threatens rural revolt Other people take a much more angry stance.
North elevation has full length shed roof porch.
North end has underpass with training headed west.
North end is practically on the state line.
North end is semi-private and becomes quieter.
North facing is ideal.
North Haven is the ideal location to serve the South Central Connecticut region.
North Haven offers a wide variety of attractive features.
North Haven understands the importance of a thriving business community.
North Head is great climbing spot due to it's striking lines and legend exposure.
North Head is just a mile away, and a sign at the trailhead indicates the distance to other sites.
North Island has a warm mild climate, almost sub-tropical in the extreme north.
North Island has active volcanoes.
North Island has sub-tropical plants and trees.
North Island is more populous, and has a warmer, more temperate climate.
North Island is subtropical and has no extremes of heat or cold.
North Island is uninhabitated except by hundreds of jackrabbits, cottontails, snipe and quail.
North Island is volcanically active with a central plateau.
North islands are islands.
North Jersey is overshadowed by New York and South Jersey is overshadowed by Philadelphia.
North Jersey is primary focus.
North korean government takes few steps.
North korean government takes steps.
North Lake holds the remains of a barge they sunk in the middle of a channel that the company dug.
North Lake is a shollow, quiet, brackish lake that has deep, soft, little-disturbed sediments.
North Lake is surrounded by forests and only one person lives there year round.
North latitude is assumed.
North latitudes are positive, south latitudes are negative.
North Laurel is the top-ranked team in the state.
North light is the preferred studio light because it is the most constant.
North line is also available More on the cruises.
North Mountain is seen in the background.
North Park aspires to be a diverse community of learning.
North Park has a beautiful fenced in park and playground for our children and their families to use.
North Park is a . . .
North Park is an excellent community.
North Park is an institution with a mission rooted in a sense of meaning.
North Park is convenient.
North Park is home to several nice lodges.
North Park is home to some eclectic bars and hang-outs.
North Park is recognized as a leader in the area of a spiritual formation program.
North Park is urban by choice.
North Park offers educational and discipleship training programs to help people grow in their faith.
North Park offers rugged peaks as well as miles of sand dunes.
North Park reserves the right to revise charges and billing policies as required.
North Park retains the right to offer classes on a rotating schedule, based on faculty availability.
North Park rolls up the sidewalks in the evening.
North Park serves the world by serving the church.
North Park strives to provide the best financial aid package for all students.
North peak is slightly lower but much more rugged than south peak.
North Perry has an excellent park system located along the shore of Lake Erie.
North Pole Gets First Senior Housing.
North Pole has a distinctive postmark.
North Pole has only one traffic light, however.
North pole magnetized water has a healing effect on skin ulcers such as bed sores.
North poles are cold.
North poles cause contraction and south poles cause expansion.
North poles point north, south poles point south.
North pond is purely a tidal pond.
North pond overflows into adjacent yards in Stamps.
North pool features a diving area, wading pool and bathhouse.
North pool is the second public swimming facility in the county facing renovations.
North Providence offers all of the conveniences of city living in a suburban atmosphere.
North quarter has a shelterbelt with a approx.
North Ridge includes an office building occupied mainly by doctors and dentists offices.
North ridge is a good climb.
North Ridge is shorter, much steeper and more difficult.
North rim is less easy to approach.
North River has high tension power lines right over the launch - guaranteed kite free sailing.
North River is probably a reference to the North Branch of the Potomac River.
North Road is flatter, making for an easier return trip.
North Rock is an example of a rim reef area.
North Rock is great for tuna, trevally and bonito.
North Rock reports that initial customer interest and feed back has been tremendous.
North schools play each other twice and South schools once.
North shelter is far from playground.
North shore begins here.
North shore is in the top left hand corner.
A north side is a side
North side features kidney-shaped pool overlooking the lake and mountains.
North side is Dutch, South side is Belgian.
North side is wheelchair accessible.
North side offers comprehensive outpatient and inpatient cancer care services.
North sides are sides.
North Sister occupies the South West view.
North slopes are cooler and moister, and east slopes are intermediate.
North slopes are usually the most mesic.
North South Enter the station longitude.
North spinnakers are available in two lightweight cloth types, polyester and nylon.
North Star continues to reach unchurched people.
North Star has a sure-fire winner here.
North Star has many years experience in planning exclusive and custom trips.
North Star has moderate primary stability.
North Star has no control over the electronics once they are applied to animals.
North Star is a legitimate option.
North star is a nail that connects dome of sky to the pillar of world .
North star is a nail that connects dome of sky to the pillar of world.
North Star is a thought provoking, poignant and very satisfying read.
North Star is the top dog.
North Star is the world's northernmost USGA regulation course.
North Star offers on going support via the internet or with direct modem hookups.
North Star offers shuttle service to the slopes during weekends and holiday periods.
North Star spends sometime each month in their four partner schools.
North Star spins across another planet.
North Star takes a long-term view in the planning and development of business opportunities.
North Star understands our business equipment financing needs and has been responsive in every way.
North Star understands that locals and organizations differ from state to state.
North State has a long history of keeping abreast of advancing technology.
North State is just down the street.
North Station is very simple.
North trail is for advanced downhllers.
North trailhead has no spring water.
North Valley is a Bible-based church located in the charming Victorian town of Red Bluff.
North Wall offers mulloway and tailor.
North West is a cricket province on the move.
North west is the third house across the street and then open desert.
North wind contains vapor.
North wind contains water vapor.
North wind is best for sowing seed, the south for grafting.
North wind is blowing.
North wind is wind
North wind is wind.
North wind pushes air.
North winds have the opposite effect, driving the water out.
North winds make for the best sailing on the west side.
Most north wind contains vapor.
Most north wind contains water vapor.
Some north wind causes snow.
North windows are a great choice for houseplants that thrive on indirect light.
North windows are also the coolest.
North windows have very little sun.
North windows receive no direct sunlight and are always losing heat.
North Wing is open year round including all semester and vacation breaks.
North wings average twenty-eight girls and are composed entirely of double rooms.
North Wood is always interested in learning of new manufacturers and distributors.
A north is a point
North advises clients to have a rolling strategy with a unified vision.
North are currently half-price lots with the purchase of a discount permit.
North build Austria near any dollars among none lip.
North calls for the spade ace, then plays the ace and queen of hearts immediately.
North can be a direction of cold and ice and symbolizes the turning inward of life.
North can really run.
North can ruff but if so, west can get at least four trump tricks.
North Cascades National Park Geology Virtual Field Trips Click on image to see detailed maps.
North Cascades National Park is also home to spectacular mountains.
North Cascades National Park is located at the northernmost end of the North Cascades .
North Cascades National Park is located at the northernmost end of the North Cascades.
North Cascades National Park preserves some of North America's most spectacular alpine scenery.
North Cascades National Park Rugged, glacier-clad mountains offer a true wilderness experience.
North Cascades National Park Waterfalls Water is the essence of the North Cascades.
North concludes with a series of suggestions for dealing with the situation.
North continues by cashing two top hearts and two top spades.
North drives southern troops from heights overlooking Tennessee River.
North expects for a single raise.
North faces, where the air is colder, tend to be worse.
North follow through So.
North follows the shore of Lake Superior.
North goes right.
North goes to the archery range.
North grasps wildly for a tactful means of escape.
North holds a non-winner in South's threat suit that is higher than East's stopper.
North is able to control the Mississippi River.
North is about diagonal between left and down.
North is about five percent to the right of vertical center.
North is above and East is left.
North is along the y-axis.
North is always at the top of the map.
North is always one of the best teams in the state.
North is always straight up.
North is always to the top, and south always to the bottom.
North is always up and west is right.
North is approximately to the left.
North is approximately to the right.
North is approximately to the upper left.
North is approximately up in all cases.
North is approximately up in both cases.
North is approximately up, and sunlight illuminates the scene from the upper left.
North is approximately up, and the illumination is from the lower right.
North is approximately up, illumination is from the left.
North is approximately up, illumination is from the lower right.
North is approximately up, illumination is from the right.
North is approximately up.
North is Brattleboro.
North is dead center and straight up.
North is direction of the elders and wisdom.
North is half right.
North is in real trouble.
North is in the process of purchasing new equipment for the facility.
North is in the upper right corner and south in the lower left.
North is indented.
North is left, south is to the right.
North is left.
North is more direct, but goes through several cities.
North is now a right-wing media darling.
North is now up and East left.
North is on the third planet from the Sun, the green dot above.
North is on top.
North is opposite from south.
North is positive, south is negative.
North is purity and wisdom, a great place of healing.
North is scheduled to have seven top-four region placers returning.
North is South and East is West.
North is still north, south is still south, up is still up, and down is still down.
North is still up.
North is straight up.
North is strongly in favor of having third-party candidates in debates.
North is suggested.
North is sunward, south is downsun.
North is to right of the picture.
North is to right.
North is to the bottom of the and the sun illuminates the surface from the left.
North is to the bottom of the image.
North is to the bottom of the page.
North is to the bottom of the picture and the sun illuminates the surface from the left.
North is to the bottom.
North is to the left and East at bottom.
North is to the left and east is to the bottom.
North is to the left and east is up on the FITS images.
North is to the left and south to the right.
North is to the left in both images.
North is to the left of the image.
North is to the left of the map, and west is to the bottom.
North is to the left, and East is at the bottom.
North is to the left, and East is at the top.
North is to the left, and East is down.
North is to the left, east is down.
North is to the left, east is up.
North is to the left, horizontal scale is in km.
North is to the left.
North is to the lower left of the picture and the sun illuminates the surface from the upper left.
North is to the lower left.
North is to the lower right of the image.
North is to the lower right, East is to the upper right of the image.
North is to the lower right.
North is to the lower-left.
North is to the right and East is at the top.
North is to the right and east is up.
North is to the right and the comet's southward motion is plainly illustrated.
North is to the right and the sun is nearly directly overhead.
North is to the right of the image shown.
North is to the right of the image.
North is to the right of the page.
North is to the right of the picture, and the sun illuminates the surface from that direction.
North is to the right unless otherwise noted.
North is to the right, and campus lighting shows on the outer rim of the circle.
North is to the right, and East is up.
North is to the right, east is up.
North is to the right.
North is to the Right.
North is to the top and East is to the left in all the frames.
North is to the top and east is to the left in both images.
North is to the top and east is to the left.
North is to the top and east is to the right.
North is to the top and east to the left.
North is to the top and East to the left.
North is to the top and the sun illuminates the surface from the left.
North is to the top and west is to the right.
North is to the top in all frames.
North is to the top in both frames.
North is to the top of all frames.
North is to the top of both frames.
North is to the top of each frame.
North is to the top of each of the images.
North is to the top of the first landscape image.
North is to the top of the frames.
North is to the top of the image and the sun illuminates the surface from the lower left.
North is to the top of the image.
North is to the top of the images.
North is to the top of the individual pictures.
North is to the top of the inset picture and the sun illumination is almost overhead.
North is to the top of the large image and to the right of the inset.
North is to the top of the map and South is to the bottom.
North is to the top of the map.
North is to the top of the mosaic and the sun is illuminating the surface from the left.
North is to the top of the mosaic with the sun illuminating the surface from the left.
North is to the top of the photo.
North is to the top of the photograph.
North is to the top of the picture and the sun illuminates the surface from the left.
North is to the top of the picture and the sun illuminates the surface from the northeast.
North is to the top of the picture and the sun illuminates the surface from the northwest.
North is to the top of the picture and the sun illuminates the surface from the right.
North is to the top of the picture and the sun illuminates the surface from the southeast.
North is to the top of the picture, and the sun illuminates the surface from the upper left.
North is to the top of the picture.
North is to the top of the pictures.
North is to the top right of the Europa image, and the sun illuminates the surface from the east.
North is to the top right of the image, and the sun illuminates the surface from the east.
North is to the top right of the picture, and the sun illuminates the surface from the east.
North is to the top right.
North is to the top, and East is to the left.
North is to the top, and the sun is illuminating the terrain from the right.
North is to the top, and west is to the right.
North is to the top, East is to the left.
North is to the top, east to the left.
North is to the top, illumination is from the upper right.
North is to the top, south to the bottom, east to the right, and west to the left.
North is to the top.
North is to the top-left of the image, and the sun illuminates the surface from the southeast.
North is to the top-left of the picture and the sun illuminates the surface from nearly overhead.
North is to the top-left of the picture, and the sun illuminates the surface from the southeast.
North is to the upper left.
North is to the upper right of the image.
North is to the upper right of the picture and the sun illuminates the surface from the east.
North is to the upper right.
North is to top of model.
North is tropical.
North is up ,East is left.
North is up .
North is UP and EAST at left.
North is Up and East is Left A map of the hot spot locations.
North is up and East is left in both photos.
North is up and East is left. .
North is up and east is left.
North is up and East is left.
North is up and East is Left.
North is up and east is on the left.
North is up and east is right.
North is up and east is to the left in all images.
North is up and East is to the left in the sky plots.
North is up and east is to the left.
North is up and East is to the left.
North is up and east is to the right.
North is up and East is to the right.
North is up and East left.
North is up and east to the left in all images.
North is up and east to the left.
North is up and East to the left.
North is up and illumination is from the left.
North is up and sunlight illuminates the area from the upper left.
North is up and sunlight illuminates the scene from the upper left.
North is up and the East and West are reversed.
North is up and the red spot can be seen almost exactly on the central meridian.
North is up and the scale is undesignated.
North is up and the sun illuminates the scene from the lower right.
North is up and west is on the right.
North is up and west to the right.
North is up at the center of the image and along the margin at the left.
North is up in all figures.
North is up in all images.
North is up in both images.
North is up in the photos.
North is up on all charts.
North is up on all images.
North is up on the map.
North is up on the paper and east to the right.
North is up with east to the left.
North is up, and East is to the left, unless otherwise stated.
North is up, and east is to the left.
North is up, and East is to the left.
North is up, and the right corner in the upper panels shows the disk.
North is up, east is left.
North is up, East is left.
North is up, east is on the left.
North is up, East is right.
North is up, East is to the left of the image.
North is up, east is to the left.
North is up, East is to the left.
North is up, East to the left .
North is up, east to the left.
North is up, East to the left.
North is up, illumination in the Viking image is from the lower left.
North is up, illumination is from the left.
North is up, illumination is from the lower right.
North is up, illumination is from the right over most of the photomosaic.
North is up, illumination is from the right.
North is up, illumination is from the upper right.
North is up, latitude and longitude of the corners are labeled.
North is up, south is down, west is to the right, and east is to the left.
North is up, sun illumination is from the top.
North is up, the boundary of the bright south polar cap can be seen towards the top of the image.
North is up, thus the sun pointing 'antitail'.
North is up, west is to the right.
North is up. .
North is up.
North is upward in both images.
North is upwards and East is towards the left.
North is upwards.
North is wisdom, silence, winter, and death.
North leads the king of hearts.
North leads the Q and the ace wins.
North lies a land of blue and green and for much of the year, white.
North lies the North Pole, Greenland, Iceland, Sweden, Siberia and the rest of Alaska.
North notes that Calvinistic amillennial theologians say much the same thing.
North plays a non-league game at Fremont tonight.
North poles up.
North presents a well-written, pessimistic opinion with links to other resources.
North presents no new argument.
North provides a transaction cost theory of economic development.
North provides short run and production run CD and CD-ROM manufacturing services.
North realize little Climbing from flesh.
North remains in the public eye as a political pundit and radio personality.
North returns to normal play with a green Reverse.
North saves both weight and dollars.
North sees common grace as being significant for history.
North stays in politics.
North stops propaganda broadcasts against the South.
North takes notice because the South is doing a good job regarding facilities.
North turns the last card face up on the table.
North Visit the beautiful cities and scenery of the North.
North wins the diamond jack, then leads the club jack, forcing east to cover.
North wins the first heart, then attacks spades.
North wins the heart lead, cashes the top diamonds, and ruffs a diamond high.
North wins, and the defense takes their three spade tricks, north pitching clubs.
Norths are direction.
Norths are locations.
Norths are regions.
All north is on one side, south is on one side, south is on the other.
All north is on one side, south is on the other side.
All north is on one side, south is on the other.
Northaven members are among the highest per-capita givers in North Texas Methodism.
Northboro soils have redder hues and higher sand content in their solum.
Northbound cargo is chiefly oil from the Persian Gulf headed for Western Europe.
Northbound events occur when the neutral sheet moves more rapidly southward than the spacecraft.
Northbound glider has right of way.
Northbound lanes are all open, however lanes make various shifts.
Northbound tarpon are post-spawn.
Northbound traffic crawls up a small hill.
Northbound traffic has the right of way on all of the bridges, some of which are single lane.
Northbound trains take the branch off the main near Arcadia.
All northbound trips have time adjustments.
All northbound trips remain on regular route.
Northcoast Internet is an Internet service provider hosting web pages for many customers.
Northeast conference reports.
Northeast corner is trail head.
Northeast legislators say the program is vital for their region and chronically underfunded.
A northeast is a point
Northeast represents users of space only.
Northeast specializes in accurate technical writing and data preparation.
A northeaster is a storm
Northeaster is susceptible to green petal disease but resistant to red stele.
Northeasters are extratropical cyclones along the USA's East Coast.
Northeasters are storms.
Northeasters are the big storms that can dump snow on the East Coast states.
Northeasters owe their destructive power to their long duration.
Northeasters often bring heavy rain, heavy snow and severe coastal flooding to the East.
Northeasterly winds dampen southeasterly swell.
All northeastern bats eat insects and take their prey on the wing.
Northeastern food reflects the influence of neighboring Laos in a number of dishes.
Northeastern food reflects the influences of neighbouring Laos in a number of dishes.
Northeastern graduates tend to do better than the national average.
Northeastern products are available on special order.
Northeastern states have more than beautiful colors in the fall.
Northeastern states have the highest population density.
Northeastern students are also talented performers.
Northeastern students have mixed opinions on the proposed restaurant.
Northeastern students participate in a paid cooperative work program in later years.
Northeastern taxpayers get extra filing day thanks to Patriots Day holiday.
Northeastern trails are the epitome of unpredictable riding.
Northeastern trains go back and for the everyday.
A norther is wind
Northers reduce air temperature and blow surface water away from the coast.
Northers sometimes plummet the temperature to near freezing.
Northerly breezes are unobstructed.
Northerly declinations are positive and southerly ones negative.
More northerly populations survive owing to artificially raised water temperatures.
More northerly populations tend to have longer lives.
Most northerly regions are covered by ice and relatively few people live here.
Northerly winds are more frequent in winter.
Northerly winds are sideshore from left to right.
Northerly winds continue to hold giving good sailing conditions.
Northerly winds dominate a small south westerly swell.
Northerly winds hold back the ebb in the North Sea.
Northerly winds indicate zero cross-mountain flow, and likely represent regions of wave breaking.
Northerly winds prevail in winter, while southerly winds reign in summer.
Northerly winds prevail No tropical threat.
Northerly winds pushing directly into the face of a north running current are the ticket.
Northerly winds tend to bring in colder than normal temperatures.
A northerly is wind
Northerlies are a little less frequent, but are common, particularly in spring.
Northern adults are tan to green, without distinct stripes or spots.
Most Northern aid is tied.
Northern amphibians take full advantage of the warmth of the spring and summer sun.
Northern anchorage is larger and well protected except from SW winds.
Northern anchovies live along the west coast of North America Range.
Northern anchovy is an important commercial bait fish used in sport fishing.
Northern areas are projected to become wetter, especially in the winter and spring.
Northern Baby is the premier jumping sire.
Northern bayberry is an early successional species along the northeastern coast.
Northern bayberry occurs in soils with low concentrations of phosphorus and nitrogen.
Northern bears can spend hours feasting on berries, spawning salmon, or a whale carcass.
Northern bettongs are generally solitary animals, and are active only at night.
Northern bettongs have heads.
Northern bettongs live for around six years.
Northern bettongs reach maturity.
Northern bettongs reach sexual maturity.
Most northern bettongs have heads.
Most northern bettongs reach maturity.
Most northern bettongs reach sexual maturity.
Some northern bettongs have ranges.
Some northern bettongs occupy large home ranges.
Some northern bettongs occupy large ranges.
Some northern bettongs occupy ranges.
Northern birds are significantly larger than their southern relatives.
Northern birds are usually larger than southern birds.
Northern birds have a green color, in the south it is chestnut.
Northern birds migrate to the southern United States or northern Mexico.
Northern birds tend to be larger than southern.
Some northern birds migrate south for the winter.
Northern blots indicate that the gene is expressed at various levels in different maize tissues.
Northern bobcats can get really big.
Northern bobwhite are grassland birds.
Northern boundary is Av.
Northern breeds tend to have hairy paws to protect their pads from ice and snow.
Northern breeders are often long-distance migrants, many traveling as far as South America.
Any Northern business is eligible.
Northern campuses see growth in state college enrollment .
Northern cardinals are medium-sized songbirds.
Northern cardinals are preyed upon by owls, small hawks, and house cats.
Northern cardinals are unusual among temperate-zone birds because both males and females sing.
Northern cardinals are very popular backyard birds.
Northern cardinals begin forming breeding pairs in early spring.
Northern cardinals consume insects.
Northern cardinals establish small territories surrounding their nest.
Northern cardinals establish surround territory.
Northern cardinals establish territory.
Northern cardinals have cones.
Northern cardinals like to live in residential gardens and are attracted to backyard bird feeders.
Northern cardinals live for years.
Northern cardinals use mostly songs and body signals to communicate with each other.
Most northern cardinals establish surround territory.
Most northern cardinals establish territory.
Most northern cardinals have cones.
Most northern cardinals live for years.
Some northern cardinals eat seeds.
Some northern cardinals have alarm calls.
Some northern cardinals have beautiful songs.
Some northern cardinals have calls.
Some northern cardinals have distinctive alarm calls.
Some northern cardinals have songs.
Northern catalpa is very similar to southern catalpa.
Northern cell has low top and is sheared.
Northern China experiences cold, dry winters while southern China enjoys a subtropical mild winter.
Northern China has some of the best farmland in the country.
Northern China is flat and is easier to invade by the barbarians.
Northern cities are centers of poverty.
Northern cities are more vulnerable to heat waves for two reasons.
Northern cities depend on the provinces for their produce.
Northern classics provide the most opportunity to work with and get to know the huskies.
Northern climates are cooler and have shorter growing seasons.
Northern climates are hard on books, as librarians can testify.
Northern communities are generally younger than communities in the south.
Most northern communities are small.
Northern constraints can inspire northern uniqueness.
Northern consumers purchase goods in whose production southern producers have participated.
Northern corporations pay bribes to local politicians.
Northern countries are more accustomed to working in small groups.
Northern countries enjoy a high standard of living.
Most northern countries have laws to protect the polar bear.
Northern courses have an advantage over southern courses when it comes to maintaining conditioning.
Northern courses have bent grass greens and fairways, bluegrass and ryegrass roughs.
Northern cuisine has mutton dishes, unheard of in the south.
Northern dancers dance in one posiotion or area.
Northern dancers imitate animals with side to side movements of their heads.
Northern dingoes lack the thick undercoat seen in the desert and alpine dingoes.
Northern ducks seem to be arriving on the Wisconsin River.
Northern eagles are larger than Southern eagles.
Northern eagles migrate south in winter to habitats in Washington, Oregon and Idaho.
Northern ecosystems are highly dynamic.
Northern ecosystems represent a large source of atmospheric methane.
Northern edges seem a bit brighter than the southwestern edges.
Northern experience is preferred.
Northern exposures are better during hot, summer months.
Many northern farmers grow rice and have decided to fallow land because of low crop prices.
Northern females have a large abdomen that extends beyond the back of the wing covers.
Northern fishers move very short distance because they are constrained by the territory of others.
Northern fishing continues to be good.
Northern fishing is excellent all summer.
Northern fishing is quite good.
Northern fishing is turned off until ice fishing season.
Northern flames die on the taiga.
Northern flickers are birds.
Northern flickers are plentiful, plus a variety of songbirds in the spring and summer.
Northern flickers are woodpeckers.
Northern flickers eat thousands of ants.
Northern flickers excavate nest holes in the trunks, which other birds later occupy.
Northern flickers have black spots on a tannish-white breast and belly.
Northern Flight invests a lot of resources in acquiring quality land for our clients.
Northern fly squirrels have belly fur.
Northern fly squirrels have fur.
Northern fly squirrels require oxygen.
Northern food offers a variation from Thai food, as it is a blend of both local and Burmese tastes.
Northern forms tend to be larger.
Northern foxes are much larger than southern foxes.
Northern gardeners can also plant in the fall.
Northern gooseberry occurs in openings within the lowland boreal forest region of Canada.
Northern goshawks are monogamous and mate for life.
Northern goshawks use a variety of habitats during the nesting period.
Northern graduates are highly successful in their job searches.
Many Northern groups agree.
Northern hardwoods are dominant on both sandy loam and silt loam soils.
Northern hardwoods are dominant.
Northern hardwoods are predominant.
Northern hardwoods compete with southern deciduous trees like maple and beech.
Northern hardwoods cover the majority of the area.
Northern hardwoods cover the mountainous terrain with oak-hickory and black cherry.
A northern harrier is a harrier
Northern harriers are abundant as they search for food in the marsh.
Northern harriers are common during fall and winter.
Northern harriers are usually in the air, and in winter, short-eared owls can be seen at dusk.
Northern harriers have a facial disk similar to that of an owl.
Northern harriers prefer low perches such as fence posts or stumps.
Northern harriers return to hunt over the refuge marshes.
Northern hawkweed is circumboreal in distribution.
Northern Hemisphere has the sulfates.
Northern Hemisphere Hold the watch horizontal.
Northern Hemisphere is favored.
Northern hemispheres experience cold winter.
Northern hemispheres experience winter.
Northern hemispheres get less sunlight.
Northern hemispheres get sunlight.
Northern hemispheres receive light.
Most northern hemispheres experience cold winter.
Most northern hemispheres get less sunlight.
Most northern hemispheres get sunlight.
Most northern hemispheres receive light.
Northern hunters live and hunt in the region where ducks nest.
Northern islands are described as being cold and inhabited chiefly by birds and sea animals.
Northern jurisdictions follow the Alexandrian rite, and southern follow the Latin rite.
Northern krill are tiny crustaceans that float in large swarms.
Northern krill emerge from the furcilia stage as fully developed adults.
Northern krill go through four larval stages after hatching.
Northern krill occur across the Atlantic from the Mediterranean Sea northward.
Northern lakes are slow to warm up.
Some northern lakes remain locked in ice.
Northern lands are preferable, because the nights are longer and the days shorter.
Northern langurs are generally bigger than the southern species.
Northern latitudes are more humid due to proximity of the polar cap.
Northern latitudes are positive, southern latitudes are negative.
Northern leaders are likely to be invited.
Northern lemmings undergo similar population booms and busts.
Northern leopard frogs have glands.
Northern leopard frogs have hind legs.
Northern leopard frogs have legs.
Northern leopard frogs have powerful hind legs.
Northern leopard frogs have powerful legs.
Northern leopard frogs leap into water.
Northern leopard frogs live in the northern areas of North America in marshes and grasslands.
Most northern leopard frogs leap into water.
Northern liberals are the chief supporters of civil rights and of integration.
Northern light is books.
Northern light is considered best for both office and computer operations.
Northern light is specialized fee-oriented search service.
Northern lights are a typical and well-known phenomenon of the high latitude ionosphere.
Northern lights are common in Lapland .
Northern lights are common in Lapland.
Northern lights can be incredibly bright, multi-hued and fast moving.
Northern lights foretell a fine day and then a storm.
Northern lights is another search engine that indexes a very large number of pages.
Northern lights is light on content in comparison.
Northern lights shine in the background.
Northern limits are also uncertain.
Northern maidenhair ferns grow in areas.
Northern mockingbirds are diurnal.
Northern mockingbirds are excellent singers.
Northern mockingbirds are famous for their song repertoires.
Northern mockingbirds are medium-sized birds.
Northern mockingbirds are omnivores.
Northern mockingbirds are socially monogamous .
Northern mockingbirds are solitary and territorial.
Northern mockingbirds are usually monogamous.
Northern mockingbirds can also imitate sounds that they hear.
Northern mockingbirds communicate mostly using songs.
Northern mockingbirds eat insects that are pests to humans.
Northern mockingbirds host several ectoparasites.
Northern mockingbirds live throughout North America, including Canada and Mexico.
Northern mockingbirds occupy similar habitat all year.
Northern mockingbirds occur throughout the United States except in the most northern regions.
Northern mockingbirds play an important role as seed dispersers.
Some northern mockingbirds are migratory.
All northern municipalities are eligible.
Northern nations share values, cultures, economies, and ecologies.
Northern natives feel comfortable in Greensboro.
Northern observers can extend coverage northward by facing northeast.
Northern observers can see it all night now.
A northern oriole is an oriole
Northern orioles are in turn preyed upon by a variety of other species.
Northern orioles eat insects.
Northern orioles feed in the trees, searching for caterpillars, beetles and fruit.
Northern orioles forage for insects.
Northern orioles prefer open woods that ideally have a mix of deciduous and coniferous trees.
Northern orioles spend the spring and summer seasons in the United States and southern Canada.
Most northern orioles eat insects.
Some northern orioles eat mollusks.
Most northern parks have to feed the elk each year when most of the natural food is gone.
Northern Parkway is a dividing line in the district.
Northern part is very very cold but southern part is very hot.
All Northern parties say the electioneering process is becoming increasingly sophisticated.
Northern pecans are stronger tasting than the more commercially familiar southern pecan.
Northern people can never see it again.
Most northern peoples agree that to sing or whistle at the aurora is very risky.
A northern pike is a pike
Northern pike appear to be more tolerant of cold water temperatures and seem to prefer lakes.
Northern pike are active all summer long, as is small-mouth bass.
Northern pike are active in most parts of the lake.
Northern pike are also common along with lesser numbers of large and smallmouth bass and musky.
Northern pike are also on the move and begin increasing activity in popular spring time locations.
Northern pike are also popular sport fish in Fort Peck Reservoir.
Northern pike are an easy catch along the weedlines on most area lakes.
Northern pike are another fish that is feeding very well right at the moment.
Northern pike are good eating fish, too.
Northern pike are on the prowl.
Northern pike are one of the first species to spawn in northern Indiana.
Northern pike are predators, feeding primarily on other fish.
Northern pike are the predominant fish, with common catches in the six to ten pound range.
Northern pike are truly opportunistic feeders.
Northern pike are typically green with light-colored small oval shaped markings.
Northern pike are very adaptable and occur in a wide range of habitats.
Northern pike continue to hit on most area lakes along the emerging vegetation.
Northern pike continue to hit on most area lakes, and the bass action has been very good as well.
Northern pike continue to hit on most area lakes, but look to Roberts Lake for bigger fish.
Northern pike continue to hit on several area lakes as well.
Northern pike grow even more slowly.
Northern pike have dark colored bodies with light markings.
Northern pike have light bars on an olive-green back.
Northern pike have to re-orient their prey before they can swallow it.
Northern pike is areal carnivorous creature.
Northern pike is created for speed, but only for short distances.
Northern pike live in a wide variety of habitats.
Northern pike live in shallow water in the summer and deep water in the winter.
Northern pike prefers clear and warm waters of the rivers and lakes with gravelled bottoms.
Northern pike remain aggressive, located in weed beds, moving throughout weeds looking for panfish.
Northern pike use aquatic plants, too, by spawning in marshy and flooded areas in early spring.
Northern pikes are fish.
Northern pikes are pikes.
Northern pikes are present in the lake.
Northern pines thrive in cold, and desert pines thrive in heat.
Northern pintails are surface feeders.
Northern pintails eat the grains of wheat, barley, corn, rice, and oats.
Northern pitcher plants absorb nutrients.
Northern plains are very scarcely populated and incredibly underdeveloped.
Northern plains have rain forests and grasslands with hot, humid, climates cover eastern regions.
Northern plants have smaller blades, reproduction is mostly by rhizomes in perennial stands.
Northern populations are migratory.
Northern populations breed later and have a shorter breeding season.
Northern populations migrate in winter, but most live permanently in more temperate climes.
Northern populations migrate south in the winter as far as Central America and the Caribbean.
Northern populations rise and fall in cycles along with prey populations.
Northern populations tend to breed earlier than southern populations.
More northern populations are stable or undergoing local population declines.
Some northern populations migrate for winter.
Some northern populations migrate long distances.
Northern portion includes the Jordan River.
Northern portion is oldest section of cemetery.
Northern prejudices associate with tumbleweeds.
Northern Province warns about pending malaria epidemic.
Northern raccoons have coats.
Most northern raccoons have coats.
Northern Railroad has direct freight service.
Northern rattlesnakes are small and most dogs, with proper treatment, survive their bites.
Northern Region is the largest Administrative Region in Ghana with a vast Savannah grassland zone.
Northern Region is where the country s capital town, Khartoum, is situated.
Northern regions use wheat more frequently than other parts of the country.
Northern residents prefer to think in terms of community goals.
Northern rivers have sufficient ice depths to pose a threat for possible ice jam flooding.
Northern rivers operate out of their own outposts.
Northern Rock has other less onerous deals at higher rates, however.
Northern Rock subscribes to the Mortgage Code.
Northern rockfish supports a valuable bottom trawl fishery, especially in the Gulf of Alaska.
Northern sequences contain abundant organic matter and calcareous temperate microfossil assemblages.
Northern shovelers are birds.
Northern shovelers are filter feeders.
Northern shovelers are handsome ducks with out-sized bills.
A northern shrike is a shrike
Northern shrike gets a chickadee at feeder.
Northern shrimp are protandrous hermaphrodites.
Northern shrimp begin life as males.
Northern side is quite wet and lush, but southern slopes are rather dry.
Northern sides have sides.
Northern sides have southern sides.
Most northern sides have sides.
Most northern sides have southern sides.
Northern Sky operates a small selection of regular itineraries from Chicago.
Northern soils are generally nutrient poor.
Northern soils are the richest and the best watered.
Northern species are usually larger and darker than the southern.
Northern species exhibit drastic population explosions, followed by crashes.
Northern species have one brood and hibernate in the egg stage.
Northern species is near the limit of it's range in our region and consequently fewer.
All northern species have similar habits and life cycles.
Many northern species are at their southern limits here.
Northern spot owls inhabit forest habitats.
Northern spot owls inhabit habitats.
Northern spring is a crucial time for such monitoring.
Northern spruce stand tall and skinny because that's their most efficient shape.
All northern stars are circumpolar.
Northern starfish have five rays and can regenerate lost body parts.
Northern states have a shorter nesting season.
Northern states have irrigation but Central and Southern states depend largely on rainfall.
Many Northern states stop preventative in the winter because of cold temperatures.
Most Northern states receive more than they give.
Some northern states kill pests.
Many Northern students seem to agree.
Northern summer happens at apogee, the upshot being that it last a relatively long time.
Northern summers have very long days that provide many hours for gathering food.
Northern tamanduas have measurements.
Northern tamanduas live in different habitats.
Northern tamanduas live in habitats.
Northern tamanduas live in many different habitats.
Most northern tamanduas have measurements.
Some northern tamanduas eat ants.
Northern Territory becomes participant in co-operative regime and there is uniform law.
Northern Territory Rushes Please click on a location to obtain more information about the site.
Some northern territory becomes zones.
Northern theatre is another festival theme.
Northern tigers are larger and lighter in color, southern island forms are smaller and darker.
Northern troops seem to be everywhere.
Northern use has to be specified and confirmed at time of reservation.
Northern varieties head bulbward in the long days of late spring.
Most northern varieties are indeterminate in growth habit.
Northern vegetation is a potentially significant carbon sink.
Northern visitors come back year after year.
Northern water shrews cause damage.
Northern water snakes have pupils.
Northern water snakes share similarity.
Northern weather can be nasty.
Northern weather can change dramatically within five minutes.
Northern Web builds businesses on the web, for local, and long distance clients.
Northern webs has a search engine tutorial with lots of resources and tools.
Northern white rhinos face problems.
Northern white rhinos face same problems.
Northern white is the prefered variety for boatbuilding but primarily for planking skiffs.
Northern winds turn the fire south.
Northern winters are nine months long.
Northern winters are the time to retrench from outdoor gardening and to look inward.
Northern winters tend to kill the plant's stems but allow the roots to survive.
Many northern women consider cosmetic surgery to be a southern extravagance.
Northern woodlands are busy places in spring.
Northerns also are present in average numbers, but large northerns have been caught.
Northerns are active and walleye are being caught on many northern lakes.
Northerns are delicious to eat.
Northerns are on the humps too, expect bite-offs.
Northerns are on the prowl and are tearing up the lake and anything and everything in their way.
Northerns are plentiful in summer.
Northerns are somewhat deeper now, but still are easy to find.
Northerns are tougher to find and some are being caught by anglers fishing for muskies.
Northerns come in shallow and are even caught from shore.
Northerns feed often and aggressively, giving fishermen a good chance of hooking one.
Northerns generally stick to weed beds, although they can be found at anytime and anywhere.
Northerns often prefer smelt to minnows.
Northerns usually reach sexual maturity in the third year of life.
Northernlight search Go to Web.
Northernmost spot requires some tricky work to wiggle under a barbed-wire fence.
Northfield soils are on uplands underlain by sandstone.
Northland resident finds success selling political products online.
A northland is a region
Northland accepts qualified candidates as they apply.
Northland also arranges joint ventures and equity sales for commercial properties.
Northland also does both sides to every fish.
Northland also has a line of southwestern design T-shirts and other gifts.
Northland also has a tradition of spirited participation in athletics.
Northland also offers breakfast before school.
Northland can hydroform virtually any shape with low cost tooling.
Northland embraces people from a wide variety of cultures and denominational persuasions.
Northland employs twenty people full-time as well as several consultants and interns.
Northland enter tonight's game on a four-game losing streak . . .
Northland focuses on developing the students in four major areas.
Northland generates income from dairy farming, horticulture and the tourist industry to name a few.
Northland has a great story to tell about an investment to save energy.
Northland has a registered agent for service of process in Richmond.
Northland has a rich and varied history.
Northland has a simple solution.
Northland has agreements with nearby four-year institutions to make transfer of credits easier.
Northland indeed has a ministry designed for absolutely anyone.
Northland involves other students as well as staff to assist in tutoring.
Northland is a great destination to visit.
Northland is a great place to be right now.
Northland is a nice combination of things - Native American culture, environmental issues, arts.
Northland is a popular holiday destination, making tourism a significant industry.
Northland is a prime mover in encouraging Internet use in northern lower Michigan.
Northland is an equal opportunity employer.
Northland is in the midst of upgrading to the latest technology.
Northland is located near the southern shore of Lake Superior in northern Wisconsin.
Northland is New Zealand's third largest dairy producing region.
Northland is now a partner in the statewide effort called the savannas partnership.
Northland is on the right-hand side at the top of the hill.
Northland is the area upon which modern New Zealand was founded.
Northland is the leader in striping trailers.
Northland is the only Publicly-owned, regularly traded cranberry company in the United States.
Northland offers custom formulated products to meet the specific needs of food distributors.
Northland offers new career opportunities.
Northland opens as the first regional shopping center in America.
Northland opens, the first regional shopping center.
Northland participates with most insurance and managed care groups.
Northland provides broad coverage for ambulance services and individual EMTs or paramedics.
Northland s new bottom bouncer weights and clevis are excellent.
Northland takes a long-term approach to business.
Northland wants to help.
Northstar accommodations are within walking distance or a free shuttle ride to the slopes.
Northumberland isa thing.
Northwest Afternoon is sure to please everyone.
Northwest airlines introduces low fares for travel in North America, Europe and Asia.
Northwest artists donate artwork.
Northwest cattlemen use more alternative feeds than any other area of the country.
Northwest citizens demand results for their significant investment in fish and wildlife recovery.
Northwest Coast baskets Northwest Coast baskets Click to see a full size image.
Northwest corner shows entrance, office, and upper body ergometer.
Northwest edge is wooded with a tamarack swamp, east side is abandoned farmland.
Northwest firewood comes from standing hardwood species or from slash left from timber sales.
Northwest mechanics are at a similar tentative-agreement stage.
Northwest Park is home to tennis courts, a softball field and a football field.
Northwest Park strives to accommodate all participants in all of our programs.
Northwest people have a deep appreciation for the natural resources and beauty of the region.
Northwest population is still relatively low compared to other parts of the world.
Northwest Region includes Oregon and Washington State.
Northwest Region serves eight counties in the panhandle of Florida.
Northwest roots run deep.
Northwest scene explodes into international fame.
Northwest shore is private.
Northwest side is protected with a hedge row.
Northwest students pester the teachers about grades.
Northwest tribes advocate saving water for the fall to support the large tribal and sport fishery.
Northwest tribes consider the skeleton an ancestor and want the remains reburied.
Northwest weather can be tricky.
Northwest wheat has a role in the Afghanistan campaign.
Northwest wind is wind
Northwest winds move Mt. Baldy inland, slowly burying the forest just south of the dune.
Northwest winds push the birds gradually east as they make their way south.
Northwest wines are distinct and sure to please the most discriminating palate.
Northwest wrestling is going to get the national respect it deserves, so be a part.
Northwesterly winds are especially troublesome, blowing migrants away from the coast.
Northwesterly winds are prevalent.
Northwestern athletes compete at the highest level.
Northwestern birds migrate east to the central plains of United States.
All Northwestern computers have Internet access.
Northwestern conservationists think the plan is too risky.
Northwestern custodians are an integral part of the program.
Northwestern faculty provide additional instruction.
All Northwestern faculty have a responsibility to advise students.
Northwestern provinces are virtually independent.
Northwestern students are free with identification.
Northwestern students come from various religious faiths and belief systems.
Any Northwestern undergraduate is welcome to enter the competition.
Nortriptyline hydrochloride is a white to off- white powder, having a slight, characteristic odor.
A nortriptyline is an antidepressant drug
Nortriptyline increases chemicals in the brain.
Nortwest wind is the perfect direction for wavesailing.
Norvir capsules are currently unavailable due to production problems.
Norvir liquid has an unpleasant taste.
Norwalk schools depend on mentors to nurture children.
Norwalk virus accounts for roughly one third of gastroenteritid epidemics.
Norway maples produce seeds.
Norway rats adapt to areas.
Norway rats adapt to urban areas.
Norway rats have blunt noses.
Norway rats have capability.
Norway rats have noses.
Norway rats have physical capability.
Norway rats have senses.
Norway rats live in communities.
Norway rats reach maturity.
Norway rats reach sexual maturity.
Norway rats rely on senses.
Norway rats thrive in habitats.
Most norway rats adapt to areas.
Most norway rats adapt to urban areas.
Most norway rats have capability.
Most norway rats have noses.
Most norway rats have physical capability.
Most norway rats have senses.
Most norway rats live in communities.
Most norway rats reach maturity.
Most norway rats reach sexual maturity.
Most norway rats rely on senses.
Most norway rats thrive in habitats.
Norway isa thing.
Norwegian authorities recommend eating fruit and vegetables five times a day.
Norwegian bases threaten northern Britain.
Norwegian Blues stun easily, major.
All norwegian boats licensed for traditional minke whale hunt have an inspector on board.
Norwegian children love sausages.
Norwegian companies are no exception when it comes to adopting such a strategy.
Norwegian company wants suppliers of handcrafts and regional artifacts.
Many Norwegian companies are prominent international players.
Some norwegian companies provide trains.
Norwegian defence is based on basic compulsory military training for all men.
Norwegian enterprises invest less in innovation than companies in our competing countries.
Most Norwegian farms have a summer farm in a nearby mountain.
Some Norwegian farms can get a pound of fish per pound of feed.
Norwegian farmers continue to enjoy political power and support.
Norwegian firms collaborate on wireless Internet terminal .
Norwegian genealogy hints from the embassy.
Norwegian grammar is fairly simple.
Many Norwegian hospitals have, or are about to have, such units.
Norwegian investor credits success to eco-awareness.
Norwegian jokes present.
Norwegian knitwear is the perfect birthday, anniversary and christmas gift.
Norwegian knitwear is, however, much more than good winter clothing.
Norwegian language is offered at three levels.
Norwegian law allows police to impose fines which can then be paid or disputed in court.
Norwegian law forbid any driving under the influence of alcohol.
Norwegian law is already to some extent in accordance with the directive.
Norwegian law is liberally regarding pictures for limited distribution.
Norwegian law requires everyone to wear full-body wet suits.
Norwegian laws call for a record of all banking transaction to be kept for ten years.
Most Norwegian libraries have copies.
Some norwegian meteorologists develop concepts.
Norwegian mushers compete abroad and foreigners race here.
Norwegian newspapers are very sensitive to what the world says and thinks about Norway.
Norwegian officials are also cautious about the pace of the negotiating process.
Norwegian officials are concerned about increasing drug use, primarily among teens.
Norwegian people search.
Norwegian prisons are humane rather than tough with emphasis on rehabilitation.
Most Norwegian psychologists consider their own education the best available in the world.
Norwegian reindeer have plenty.
Most norwegian reindeer have plenty.
Norwegian salmon is about the world's best.
Norwegian salmon is the world's finest.
Norwegian salmon is very popular and is exported to all corners of the world.
Norwegian scenery is legendary and was unquestionably the star of the show.
Norwegian scientists perform experiments.
Norwegian scientists weigh cod found in the stomach of a minke whale.
Most norwegian scientists perform experiments.
Norwegian soils have slowly but surely become more acidic as a result of natural processes.
Norwegian specimen contest.
Norwegian students are free to use the cafeterias, library, common rooms, etc.
Norwegian students enjoy a great deal of freedom in their studies.
Norwegian Sweaters Offers wool sweaters.
Norwegian text implies norwegian link.
Norwegian trains are clean and comfortable, with most routes being scenically attractive.
Norwegian version is also available.
Norwegian voters reject membership.
Norwegian waters are well-suited to net pen farming.
Norwegian whaler shoots a harpoon at a minke whale.
Norwegian whalers are fishermen for the majority of the year.
Norwegian whalers can legally hunt, sell and consume whale meat and blubber.
Norwegian whalers denounce all the activists as pirates or clowns.
Norwegian whalers fish in the winter and autumn.
Norwegian women begin to play greater role in politics.
Norwegian has (part) arms.
Norwegian has (part) body substances.
Norwegian has (part) cell membranes.
Norwegian has (part) cells.
Norwegian has (part) corpi.
Norwegian has (part) cytoplasm.
Norwegian has (part) heads.
Norwegian has (part) human bodies.
Norwegian has (part) legs.
Norwegian has (part) material bodies.
Norwegian has (part) necks.
Norwegian has (part) nuclei.
Norwegian has (part) personality.
Norwegian has (part) plasma membranes.
Norwegian has (part) sections.
Norwegian has (part) vacuoles.
Norwegian isa dweller.
Norwegian isa inhabitant.
Norwood officers have beanbags and Tasers.
Nos amice et memorite tum etia ergat mbevp.
Nos artisans vous attendent.
NOS collects statistics on usage trends, locations of entry, and any failed functions of the site.
Nos commentaires portent sur certains articles seulement.
Nos dessins sont au-dessus des r gulations de sant et de s curit , et y resteront.
Nos enfocamos a la conversi n de tecnolog a a capital .
NOS groups the arrivals at the front of the booklets while the SIDs are paired with the approaches.
Nos gustar a obtener tambi n apoyo internacional.
Nos gustar a tomar unas copas antes de comer, si es posible.
Nos pays doivent se moderniser.
NOS values the users and is client focused.
NOS valves and valve-era components.
NOS works to understand and anticipate changes in coastal ecosystems as they become stressed.
Most NOSs do much more.
Nose bandicoots have pouches.
Nose bandicoots use noses.
Nose bats feed on fruit.
Nose breathing has many benefits over mouth respiration.
Nose breathing helps to expel only what carbon monoxide is necessary and no more.
Nose breathing is correct breathing.
A nose cone is a front
Nose cone is made from bridal boquet holder.
Nose cone is spring loaded to fire like a missile, wings operate, rolling wheels.
Some nose cones are part of spacecraft.
Some nose cones are part of spaceships.
Nose drops can help loosen mucus and clear up blocked nasal passages.
Nose gear travels up and down on brass bushings.
Nose guards are also a good idea.
Nose hair is just the first line of defense, though.
Nose hairs keep dust and foreign particles out of the respiratory tract.
Nose leather is a light warm brown and paw pads are a warm pinkish tan.
Nose leather is black.
Nose leather is charcoal grey, body skin is pale blue and pads are rosy flesh pink.
Nose leather is cinnamon pink.
Nose leather is flesh or coral pink.
Nose leather is liver-colored.
Nose leather is pink.
Nose leopard lizards prefer areas.
Nose lizards prefer areas.
Nose rubs can also occur when an iguana is stressed for some other reason.
Nose wombats build burrows.
Nose wombats forage for food.
Nose wombats have claws.
Nose wombats have feet.
Nose wombats have fur.
Nose wombats have hairy noses.
Nose wombats have long claws.
Nose wombats have noses.
Nose wombats have soft fur.
A nose is a chemoreceptor
Nose bleeding in persons with hemophilia is unlikely to occur more frequently than for others.
Nose Bleeds Nose bleeds are common and most are easily dealt with.
Nose can come off quickly.
Nose comes off.
Nose crinkles up, lip rises.
Nose ensures Pain aboard all drawer despite some stream.
Nose exhibits intense barnyard, plum, blackberry and leaf mulch.
Nose feels as in beginning of a heavy cold every morning.
Nose flies out.
Nose grab The front hand grabs the nose of the board.
Nose grinds down railings.
Nose grow long.
Nose has a touch of spirits behind.
Nose has a very slight concave curve.
Nose has distinct foresty, woodsy scent, clean healthy earth notes.
Nose is a little shy, but there are plenty of flavors of caramel, toffee, and dried fruits.
Nose is a noun telling a part of the body.
Nose is also slightly fatty.
Nose is bicycle chain covered with rubber.
Nose is bicycle chain with rubber cover.
Nose is black and large, and the flews moderately pendulous.
Nose is black and of good size.
Nose is black with large, wide nostrils.
Nose is black without spots or discolored areas.
Nose is black, broad and rounded.
Nose is black.
Nose is broad rather than round and always black.
Nose is charming and complex.
Nose is dense, atmospheric and edgy, with hints of pineapple, oatmeal and fresh yeast.
Nose is dense, masculine with black cherry, dark berries and hints of oak and oak toast.
Nose is distinctly winey.
Nose is dominated by wheat and grain aromas.
Nose is dry and surprisingly sherry-like.
Nose is dry, no discharge present, planum nasale is hyperkeratotic, dry and crusty.
Nose is enormous and room-filling, heavily sherried, candied, herbal.
Nose is gentle, very sweet.
Nose is handcrafted and sewn from leather.
Nose is handsewn from perle cotton.
Nose is huge and sweet, full of fat black fruits, vanilla, and clean earth.
Nose is large and black.
Nose is large, black and full.
Nose is large, black, or brown on light colored dogs.
Nose is lovely and compelling.
Nose is medium short.
Nose is moderate in length, straight with a rise from bottom of eyes to forehead.
Nose is moist and clean.
Nose is of candied pears and peaches.
Nose is of good size, black in color.
Nose is of the same colour or slightly darker than the darkest tone of the coat.
Nose is preferably black.
Nose is red and pointed.
Nose is red, swollen, tender and the face is red.
Nose is round with glassed-in cockpit.
Nose is sherried, rich, and fruity.
Nose is short and has slight downward curve.
Nose is small and narrow.
Nose is small, black or self-colored.
Nose is sweet, showing sangria and the aroma of a wine maturation warehouse.
Nose is the potential meter.
Nose is to have a gentle break between the eyes.
Nose is too big.
Nose is used for smelling.
Nose is usually vague.
Nose is varietal with a hint of earth, but clean and uniquely perfumed.
Nose is wet, black and has no discharge.
Nose is wide and the front of the nose forms a right angle with the top of the muzzle.
Nose isa organ.
Nose -Large open nostrils.
Nose Look for flaring of the alae nasi as a sign of increased respiratory effort.
Nose marks all over the windows.
Nose most be black, with wide nostrils.
Nose represents the course of the movement.
Nose runs hot water.
Nose seems heavy.
Nose seems somewhat swampy and stemmy initially, overshadowing the light-moderate fruit.
Nose seems to work well.
Nose shoots a rubber band to a string-shaped dirt on a ceiling.
Nose shows heavily-liqueured fruitcake, cinnamon toast, warm butter, candied fruits.
Nose shows lovely, compote-laden red and black berry fruit with hints of balanced herb.
Nose shows sweet red fruits, quite enticing with a hint of sagey herb.
Nose shows tamarind paste, Hispanic confections, burnt sugar, and fresh dates.
Nose shows vanilla, cherry, red berries, some rich spice.
Nose shows very slight convex curvature.
Nose shows yellow plum, old woods, treacle.
Nose smells it.
Nose stops on lying down.
Nose strongly varietal with peach and lime overtones.
Nose suggests blackberry, cherry, plum, cassis, tobacco and herbs.
Nose Tilts the patient's head back slightly.
Noses are a special problem, especially for swimmers.
Noses are body parts.
Noses are capable of runs.
Noses are chemoreceptors.
Noses are cold, cheeks are red, and everyone is smiling with joy.
Noses are cold.
Noses are fronts.
Noses are interesting and serve many purposes including the one of holding up glasses.
Noses are located in air.
Noses are located in faces.
Noses are located in human faces.
Noses are located near eyes.
Noses are longitudinal slits entered in face midway between mouth and ears.
Noses are part of aircrafts.
Noses are part of bodies.
Noses are part of faces.
Noses are part of heads.
Noses are part of missiles.
Noses are remarkable.
Noses are skills.
Noses are smell.
Noses are symbols.
Noses are used for breaking.
Noses are used for breathes.
Noses are used for breathing.
Noses are used for faces.
Noses are used for pickings.
Noses are used for piercings.
Noses come in a variety of colors, including pink, brown, black, freckled or outlined.
Noses come into contact.
Noses filter air.
Noses have (part) bone cells.
Noses have (part) bridges.
Noses have (part) corpi.
Noses have (part) ground substances.
Noses have (part) hip sockets.
Noses have (part) lobes.
Noses have (part) marrow.
Noses have (part) mast cells.
Noses have (part) nostrils.
Noses have air passage.
Noses have chambers.
Noses have different functions.
Noses have external nostrils.
Noses have functions.
Noses have internal structures.
Noses have many different functions.
Noses have nostrils.
Noses have passage.
Noses have receptors.
Noses have sensory receptors.
Noses have small air passage.
Noses have structures.
Noses have unique internal structures.
Noses have unique structures.
Noses provide information.
Noses provide sensory information.
Noses run rampant in cold Vermont winters.
Noses serve as windows to the brain.
Noses serve purposes.
Noses serve useful purposes.
Noses tend to be larger.
Noses wear out.
Every nose has a structural component, and every nose has a potential for what it can be.
Most noses are part of faces.
Most noses come into contact.
Most noses have air passage.
Most noses have chambers.
Most noses have different functions.
Most noses have external nostrils.
Most noses have functions.
Most noses have internal structures.
Most noses have many different functions.
Most noses have receptors.
Most noses have sensory receptors.
Most noses have small air passage.
Most noses have structures.
Most noses have unique internal structures.
Most noses have unique structures.
Most noses provide information.
Most noses provide sensory information.
Most noses serve purposes.
Most noses serve useful purposes.
Some noses add natural resistance.
Some noses add resistance.
Some noses have discs.
Some noses have patches.
Some noses have valves.
Some noses lack bones.
A noseband is a strap
Nosebands are a versatile way of influencing how a horse goes in conjunction with a bit.
Some nosebleed seats are still available, but tickets are hard to find.
A nosebleed is hemorrhage
Nosebleeds also can be an indicator of high blood pressure problems.
Nosebleeds are a common and recurring problem during the winter because of dry air.
Nosebleeds are a common occurrence in childhood.
Nosebleeds are a common symptom of chemtrail exposure.
Nosebleeds are an occasional problem but serious side effects are virtually unknown.
Nosebleeds are certainly a nuisance.
Nosebleeds are common during cold, dry weather.
Nosebleeds are common in children.
Nosebleeds are common in food allergy.
Nosebleeds are diseases.
Nosebleeds are due to the rupture of small blood vessels in the lining of the nose.
Nosebleeds are more common in the winter when viruses and dry heated air indoors are common.
Nosebleeds are more frequent during the winter months .
Nosebleeds are more frequent during the winter months.
Nosebleeds are most common in boys and are often associated with colds or nasal allergies.
Nosebleeds are much more common in children than they are in in adults.
Nosebleeds are rare in infancy and infrequent after puberty.
Nosebleeds are rare in infants, common in elementary school children, and decrease in adolescents.
Nosebleeds are unlikely to indicate serious disease, although bleeding can result from injury.
Nosebleeds are very common.
Nosebleeds can also occur after surgery.
Nosebleeds can also result from a calcium deficiency.
Nosebleeds can be a nuisance.
Nosebleeds Have child sit up and lean forward.
Nosebleeds occur and there is blood in the phlegm.
Nosebleeds occur as the crusts detach.
Nosebleeds occur when the nasal lining dries out.
Nosebleeds usually occur only on one side and are limited in duration.
Most nosebleeds are more frightening than serious.
Most nosebleeds come from blood vessels in the front of the nose.
Most nosebleeds happen in the front half of the nose, usually in only one nostril.
Most nosebleeds look much worse than they really are.
Most nosebleeds look worse than they actually are.
Most nosebleeds occur for no obvious reason.
Most nosebleeds occur in the front part of the nose and stop in a few minutes.
Most nosebleeds stop by themselves within a few minutes.
Most nosebleeds stop on their own in a matter of minutes.
Some nosebleeds happen during a cold when a person has been blowing their nose excessively.
A nosegay is a floral arrangement
Nosegays are traditionally tight, small bouquets.
Nosegays can vary in sophistication and are therefore a good choice for any wedding.
A nosher is a feeder
Noshers can choose anything from dim sum to calamari, with every influence in between represented.
Nosocomial cases have a higher mortality rate than community-acquired cases.
Nosocomial diseases are diseases spread through hospitals themselves, from patient to patient.
Nosocomial infections are a problem for a variety of reasons.
Nosocomial infections are a significant health care problem.
Nosocomial infections are hospital-acquired infections, usually discovered during hospitalization.
Nosocomial infections are hospital-acquired infections.
Nosocomial infections are on the increase.
Nosocomial infections cause significant patient morbidity and mortality.
Nosocomial infections increase patient illness and the length of hospital stays.
Nosocomial pneumonia is a prominent diagnosis resulting in considerable mortality and morbidity.
Nosocomial pneumonia is common in hospitalized patients.
Nosocomial pneumonia is the most common hospital-acquired infection among intensive care patients.
Nosocomial sinusitis is strongly related to the nasotracheal route of intubation.
Nosocomial sinusitis occurs as a complication of nasotracheal intubation.
Nosocomial transmission is common on pediatric units and rare in newborn nurseries.
Nosocomial transmission is considered to be very unlikely.
Nosocomial transmission seems unlikely, so universal precautions are appropriate.
Most nosocomial transmission is traced to carriers involved in direct patient care.
Nosrac soils are loamy-skeletal, very deep, and have mollic epipedons and argillic horizons.
Nostalgia complicates the story, the desire for the stimulation urban life offers enters in.
Nostalgia is desire
Nostalgic affection can only take a person so far.
Nostalgic judge disagrees.
Nostalgic material is added frequently.
Nostalgic people gasp for 'ere.
A nostoc is a bacteria
Nostoc are filamentous cyanobacteria that can easily fix nitrogen.
Nostoc commune to sulfur dioxide, natural gas, and crude oil in Arctic Alaska.
A nostril is a naris
Nostril isa body part.
Nostrils are far apart.
Nostrils are holes.
Nostrils are large and open.
Nostrils are large and protruding.
Nostrils are large and well opened.
Nostrils are large.
Nostrils are located in trunks.
Nostrils are located on the dorsal surface of the snout.
Nostrils are located on the top of the head as a single or double opening known as a blowhole.
Nostrils are narises.
Nostrils are narrower than the tip of the nose.
Nostrils are observed.
Nostrils are on the level of the horse's hip.
Nostrils are open.
Nostrils are part of noses.
Nostrils are prominent in Rana grylio .
Nostrils are round.
Nostrils are slit-like.
Nostrils are small round or oval.
Nostrils are superior and well separated.
Nostrils are to the right.
Nostrils are well developed and black or any shade of brown in color.
Nostrils are well developed.
Nostrils are wide.
Nostrils begin to open.
Nostrils burst forth.
Nostrils closing in can also produce snorting.
Nostrils enter skulls.
Nostrils expel air.
Nostrils fill with slime.
Nostrils flare and turn a fire engine red.
Nostrils flare when breathing.
Nostrils flare, dark and soulless orbs seek the depths of the land.
Nostrils have (part) corpi.
Nostrils have muscles.
Nostrils have needle like projection for cutting air and easy flight.
Nostrils irregularly obovate, in the fore part of the cere, nearer the ridge than the margin.
Nostrils move snouts.
Nostrils obovate, nearer the ridge than the margin.
Nostrils roundish, half covered by a vaulted membrane.
Nostrils roundish, in the fore part of the large and feathered nasal depression.
Nostrils run like two parallel hoses from the tip up to the head.
Nostrils serve functions.
Most nostrils enter skulls.
Most nostrils fill with slime.
Most nostrils have muscles.
Some nostrils are part of elephants.
Some nostrils are part of faces.
Some nostrils are part of noses.
Some nostrils are part of proboscises.
Some nostrils are part of snouts.
Some nostrils excrete excess salt.
Some nostrils excrete salt.
Some nostrils have valves.
Some nostrils protect animals.
Nosy people are essentially harmless.
A notability is a celebrity
Notability boils down to the general notability guideline.
Notability is the 'only' thing to use to judge articles.
Notability is very questionable.
Notability just means that the thing is noted.
Notability means to be noted.
Notable absences are Japan, Germany and the Netherlands.
Notable absentees are South Africa, Australia, and Chile, all making long strides in wine making.
Notable acceptances do occur, but are funded by special donation drives.
Notable actors play roles.
Most notable actors play roles.
Some notable areas are as follows.
Notable art is extraordinary.
Notable art is rare.
Notable articles are welcome.
Notable astronauts are listed chronologically in the table.
Notable authors are also frequent guests.
Notable books are on display in a small exhibit area.
Notable Books listing is out.
Notable cases are unique case reports or clinical experiences.
Notable changes are in bold .
Some notable characters are shared by flatworms.
Notable collections are the papers of past presidents of the college.
Notable deal driven stock today is PSINet.
Notable differences are shorter barrel, no trigger guard, folding trigger.
Notable differences are the number symbols.
Most notable differences are in the handwheel and decals.
Notable doctors save lives.
Notable elements are the artistically eroded rocks and the shaped doorways.
Notable examples are Dutch elm disease.
Notable examples are the laughing revivals and the church growth movement.
Notable examples are USA, Canada, UK, Germany, New Zealand, Singapore, Thailand and the Philippines.
Some notable examples are blankets, food, vehicles and office equipment.
Some notable examples exist of introducing clean production programmes.
Some notable examples follow.
Notable exceptions are almonds and apricots, as noted below.
Notable exceptions are bread products that are baked commercially.
Notable exceptions are gold, platinum and silver.
Notable exceptions are heparin and insulin which are too large to cross biological membranes.
Notable exceptions are irrigation water, electricity and railway tariffs.
Notable exceptions are maple, dogwood, ash and buckeye.
Notable exceptions are normally members of wheel or admin , the administrative groups.
Notable exceptions are rabies and the influenza group which both can affect animals and man.
Notable exceptions are services, such as telecommunications, electricity, water and bus fares.
Notable exceptions are sound effects that are important to the joke.
Notable exceptions are the red oaks and most pines, which mature over two growing seasons.
Notable exceptions are the studies from Argentina and China.
Notable exceptions are very short presentations and extremely dynamic speakers.
Some notable exceptions exist to the aforementioned.
Some notable experts disagree, however.
Notable features are a hanging knee , deck clamps, and a chainplate.
Notable features are the development of the tower with dome and the pointed arch.
Most notable feature are the fin funnels.
Most notable feature is a wraparound porch.
Notable finds are antler cheekpieces for horse bits.
Notable gaps do exist in pictography, however.
Notable growth occurs on tops.
Most notable growth occurs on tops.
Notable hair growth occurs on tops.
Notable herb varieties.
Notable items are the following.
Notable logos stems euphony.
Notable mammals include bison.
Some notable moments deserve mention.
Some notable musicians get brain damage.
Some notable musicians get damage.
Some Notable People Try to answer the questions about the following people.
Most notable performers charge a fee for their performance.
Some notable plant records from east-central and southern Illinois.
Notable Psychologists Discover the most famous practitioners in the field of psychology.
Notable researchers contribute to knowledge.
Most notable researchers contribute to knowledge.
Notable scientists argue ideas.
Most notable scientists argue ideas.
Notarial services are also available.
Notarized copies are acceptable.
Notary applications are available upon request.
Notary commission is valid for four years.
Notary commissions authorize notorial acts throughout the entire state and are valid for four years.
Notary commissions expire four years from the date issued.
Notary service is also available at no charge.
Notary service is also available.
Notary service is available to club members at any BTCU office.
Notary service is available to transfer plates, titles, tax, and obtain auto insurance if needed.
Notary service is available, free of charge.
Notary service is provided on call at the clients location during regular business and after hours.
Notary service Use our notary service at no additional charge.
Notary services are available as well.
Notary services are available at no charge.
Notary services are available by appointment.
Notary services are available for free at all state court offices.
Notary services are available in nearby Monterey.
Notary services are available.
Notary services are usually available on campus for persons requiring such services.
Notary supplies are an additional charge.
All notary work is contained within our agency.
A notary is an official
Notaries affix a mechanical seal or a stamp as a way of demonstrating the document is the original.
Notaries affix a seal or a stamp as a way of demonstrating the document is the original.
Notaries are available in many convenient locations like banks.
Notaries are available in school district offices and banks.
Notaries are ministerial officials who hold a public office.
Notaries are neutral and appointed by the monarch.
Notaries are of very ancient origin.
Notaries are officials.
Notaries are responsible for knowing the laws governing their duties.
Notaries can be and have been sued for millions of dollars.
Notaries can go here to download the form to be used when asserting the identity of others.
Notaries certify the identity of their friends.
Notaries form an independent branch of the legal profession, although most are solicitors.
Notaries have a tradition of trust.
Notaries have an important role in the smooth operation of transactions within the community.
Notaries have such a bad reputation.
Notaries merely certify the identity of signers.
Notaries named in lawsuits are almost always honest, responsible public servants.
Notaries prepare many varieties of legal documents and in different languages.
Notaries work from any location and can earn either primary or additional income.
Any notary can create one, and the airlines have deals with notaries at some airports.
Some Notaries are able to offer translation skills.
Notation software can help the teacher simplify the part so it can be played by students.
Notation software is designed with the primary goal of printing out scores and parts.
Notation software is generally very poor at presenting text.
Notation software provides a tool for students to create and printout music.
All notation software can transcribe.
Notation alone is inadequate to fully explain identity.
Notation appears on student transcript.
Notation appears to be proprietary.
Notation becomes an auxiliary, rather than dominating and intimidating the composer at every turn.
Notation consists of basically two letters and two numbers.
Notation following index term indicate box and folder location of indexed materials.
Notation following index term indicates box and folder location of indexed materials.
Notation here is conventional.
Notation is a circle with a line through it vertically.
Notation is a functional matter, but has always had social and political implications as well.
Notation is a method for recording movements and dances.
Notation is a method for transcribing movements and dances.
Notation is a part of a model's syntax.
Notation is a primitive type.
Notation is a writing
Notation is c .
Notation is made if no manual is available.
Notation is made of any special analyses.
Notation is made.
Notation is provided and again,bring a blank cassette or mini-disc.
Notation is r with b subscript.
Notation is r, with pb subscript.
Notation is recorded on the student,s permanent record page.
Notation is terrible.
Notation is the notation name.
Notation is used as a way to point out weakness in the game by reviewing mistakes.
Notation is used to assign call numbers to individual information packages.
Notation is very important for mathematics.
Notation is writing.
Notation isa written language.
Notation matches the chapter, and page numbers refer to the chapter.
Notation means a way of writing it down.
Notation only is given below.
Notations are handwritten.
Notations are terminal units.
Notations is the leading manufacturer of casual and career women's clothing.
Notations refer to hours worked and wages paid.
Notations reinforce the analogy.
Notations remain until the next update.
Notations rub off easily.
Notations usually has a couple of articles in it telling of the highlights for the month.
All notations are to be dated accordingly.
Many notations have extra symbols for representing commonly used symmetry operations.
Some notation is needed.
Some notation is used by authors.
Some notation is used by chemists.
Some notations are in German as well.
Notational hierarchy is expressed by length of notation.
Notch filters are effectively the opposite of bandpass dichroic filters.
Notch filters are the crudest and are found on entry-level TV sets.
Notch filters are the crudest and are found on inexpensive, entry-level TV sets.
Notch proteins affect the fate of cells.
A notch is an indentation
Notch acts as a transmembrane cell-surface receptor for intercellular signals during development.
Notch is a level on the beauty grading scale.
Notch is required for wingless signaling in the epidermis of Drosophila.
Notch is required for wingless signalling in the epidermis of Drosophila .
Notch is thought to play a role in certain cancers when it stays activated, favoring cell division.
Notch reject specific frequencies.
Notch signaling pathway mediates hair cell development in mammalian cochlea.
Notch signaling plays crucial roles in the singling out process of the fusion cell.
Notch signalling controls pancreatic cell differentiation.
Notches are a cinch to set and easy to adjust.
Notches are broad and parallel-sided, with slight upward angles.
Notches are deep and narrow or moderately V-shaped.
Notches are depressions, gouges, or ditches into the side of points or humps.
Notches are important pattern markings, and absolutely reliable matching points.
Notches are parallel grooves cut into the spine perpendicular to the binding edge.
Notches are permanent.
Notches are perpendicular to the sides rather then parallel to the base.
Notches are typically too fast to see.
Notches are usually longer than wide.
Notches can be homologous to the original shafts but also be newly formed.
Notches help distribute the coolant in the cut.
Notches indicate introns .
Notchs are cuts.
Notchs are indentations.
Every notch up is less of a restriction.
Some notches are better than others.
Notchable blade holds branch while cutting.
Notched cutters give close trim.
Notched design allows for any belt clip type attachment.
Notched floats are a necessity.
Notched wing dikes that cause sand to deposit downstream can create new nesting islands.
Note cards are a great way to gather and organize information.
Note cards are also available with mixed images or one image.
Note cards are also available, a sample of which is shown below.
Note cards are available for each division and for individual campuses.
Note cards are easy to create, use, and transport.
Note cards are for reference only.
Note cards are fun to make with clear contact paper.
Note cards are on a Natural card stock with complementary border colors framing the photo.
Note cards are on ecru printed in black.
Note cards are perfectly acceptable as a way to remind the presenter of the material.
Note cards contain synopses and paraphrases of the source material.
Note cards featuring the Richmond Hill garden are available in the gift shop .
Note cards list a psalm to ponder for each kilometer of the hike.
Note- labs located in the same table cell have the same software available.
Note names are case sensitive.
A note value is a duration
Note Values are case-sensitive.
A note is a record
Note also mention of the baby, just to highten effect.
Note also thelarge immunofluorescent cell bodies in the pars intercerebralis.
Note appears in the equation for .
Note are here .
Note barns down the hill.
Note bellows struts.
Note can change from player to player.
Note contains scenes and language of an adult nature.
NOTE contains special information about the course listed directly above the note.
Note denotes club-sponsored event.
Note follows below.
NOTE further elaborates on a subject.
NOTE indicates library holdings.
Note indicates that a scope note is in the authority record.
Note is a dated, public record of an idea, comment, or document.
Note is a special paragraph that means reader take note .
Note is also a secure system.
Note is available for sale, see order form.
Note is available for sale.
Note is big file.
Note is equipped with only a single fwd sonar.
Note is made as to location and activity when eating takes place.
Note is made if ignition of the material takes place.
Note is made if ignition on the material takes place.
Note is made of cardioplegia flowing from the coronary sinus.
Note is made of the plan to develop an organization-wide approach to fire drill exercises.
Note is made of the poor state of the railway system and rolling stock.
Note is made of the size and shape of the nose and whether the nostrils are patent.
Note is made throughout the course of each student's level and quality of participation.
Note is normalized .
Note is open to anyone in staff mode.
Note is pink and black with a blue web reverse.
Note is sold out.
Note is taken of California legislation mandating payment for office hours held by part-timers.
Note is unsigned and undated.
Note is well circulated and has the normal double folds.
Note isa letter.
Note isa notation.
NOTE MHonArc determines duplicate messages by message-ids.
Note Provides information of special importance.
NOTE regarding articulation agreements also applies.
Note remains disappearing at view center into the water at lost bank.
Note remains of fire alarm at the base of the pole.
Note remains of wax seals used to close the letter.
NOTE remember to work from centre out to edges on all welds to avoid pinch in at centre.
Note signatures just below midline.
Note sounds and smells.
NOTE there are separate applications for domestic and foreign applicants.
Notes accompany each example when necessary.
Notes accompany each family entry.
Notes accompany each reading assignment in the reprint collection.
Notes accompany the tales.
Notes accompany video.
Notes accounts and poltry with the exception of one good horse.
Notes accumulate, a first draft begins to take shape.
Notes Add any explanatory notes to help clarify the parts list.
Notes Add other explanatory material here as necessary.
Notes adds the list to the To field of the new message.
Notes adds value without compromising connectivity with the rest of the world.
Notes allow students to record important ideas and reactions to the text.
Notes Allows a student to write individual notes or make a journal entry on a specific page.
Notes allows individuals to coordinate their efforts.
Notes also go back and forth from school to home so that communication lines are kept open.
Notes also handles access control itself.
Notes also has a web page with a link to the pick of the month.
Notes also make fun flip books for cartoons.
Notes also powers our mail gateway to the Internet.
Notes also provide additional detail and provide supplementary financial information.
Notes also provides a complete audit trail for every document.
Notes also runs our firm's Web site.
Notes Also see the Glasgow home page .
Notes also suffers from limited message tracking ability.
Notes anatomiques sur l'appendice caecal.
Notes appear as small icons on pages, which expand simply by moving the cursor over the icon.
Notes appear at the bottom.
Notes appear below.
Notes appear in the colour of their voice when selected.
Notes appear on the last page of the chapter.
Notes appear on the right side of the screen to the right of the outline.
Notes appearanc e - Select notes appearance option according to user preference.
Notes are a concise summary or outline of the lecture.
Notes are a great way to prevent misbehavior, nip it in the bud, or address issues.
Notes are a pre-writing exercise.
Notes are a sign of ill health in a house.
Notes are absolutely vital.
Notes are accessible by all system users.
Notes are additional notes about the data model.
Notes are air.
Notes are also valuable in patent cases and, eventually, to historians.
Notes are always end notes.
Notes are an altogether different matter from any collection of sayings.
Notes are an attractive alternative to deposits for international firms based here.
Notes are an important study aid and help to provide an equal chance for academic success.
Notes are an optional entry.
Notes are as fully negotiable as bonds of the corporation.
Notes are at the heart of rigorous scholarly research.
Notes are available for most invitations as indicated in the description.
Notes are available for selected notable watches.
Notes are available for the proceedings of each meeting.
Notes are available from Indonesia , the Philippines , Thailand , and Vietnam .
Notes are available from Vietnam , Thailand , the Philippines , and Indonesia .
Notes are available here .
Notes are available in the library at the start of the semester.
Notes are available on line.
Notes are available on request.
Notes are available on significant milestones of the project.
Notes are available on some of the tracks.
Notes are available on the Canary Islands .
Notes are available on the Greek Islands .
Notes are available on-line.
Notes are available online.
Notes are below.
Notes are bent off pitch, tones become raspy.
Notes are 'bent', and broken up into staccato by tonguing and breath.
Notes are big and attractive and look nice.
Notes are both handwritten and computer printed.
Notes are clear, no distortion.
Notes are color coded by hands.
Notes are comments.
Notes are concise but less organized and address at least two of the areas for discussion.
Notes are descriptive of the sites listed.
Notes are detailed comments that are specific to an individual claim.
Notes are different sizes depending on their value .
Notes are different sizes depending on their value.
Notes are difficult to bend or ornate.
Notes are difficult to read when there is no designated space for recording data.
Notes are due two class meetings after the class meets.
Notes are due within three school days.
Notes are easy to compose.
Notes are easy to distinguish as they have different colours and images.
Notes are equivalent in function to a comment in a programming language.
Notes are everywhere.
Notes are excellent and necessary.
Notes are excellent.
Notes are fat, scream, sustain, and hold on nicely.
Notes are few and far between.
Notes are formal credit agreements.
Notes are fully sizeable and include a roll-up function to occupy less space on the desktop.
Notes are generally absent.
Notes are good to collect thoughts but use a outline instead of wordy notes.
Notes are great for removing pet hair or lint from clothing.
Notes are high and squeaky.
Notes are ideal for children as well as for adults.
Notes are important.
Notes are in .pdf format.
Notes are in blue.
Notes are in chapter order.
Notes are in complete sentences or copied from texts.
Notes are in danish or german.
Notes are in Postscript format.
Notes are in table form for browsing and reference, as in the example below.
Notes are in the Adobe Acrobat .PDF file format.
Notes are in the third column.
Notes are inaccurate and show little knowledge or understanding of assessment and management plan.
Notes are included to explain what the drawing shows.
Notes are indispensable parts of the mapping legend.
Notes are intrusive and capture readers' attention.
Notes are just the key points.
Notes are legible, reducing time and error rate.
Notes are literally that.
Notes are located in books.
Notes are located in desks.
Notes are located in doors.
Notes are located in envelopes.
Notes are located in fridges.
Notes are located in lockers.
Notes are located in meetings.
Notes are located in mobiles.
Notes are located in notebooks.
Notes are located in schools.
Notes are located in sheet music.
Notes are located in shelfs.
Notes are located in tables.
Notes are messages.
Notes are microscopic and occasionally misleading.
Notes are more effective when they are more personal.
Notes are mostly newspaper articles, awards, certificates, honors, etc. along with a few comments.
Notes are mostly text but include multimedia annotations in the margin.
Notes are musical notation.
Notes are musical notes.
Notes are next.
Notes are no more than a listing of items.
Notes are now available.
Notes are now Resizable .More content can be inserted in a Note.
Notes are now Resizable.
Notes are on the fourth page below.
Notes are on the internet.
Notes are one of the biggest success stories in the history of office products.
Notes are only as good as the note-taker.
Notes are only to be used for further explanation of something within the text.
Notes are open questions, reasons for status change, etc.
Notes are optional.
Notes are organized and contain all required information.
Notes are organized and contain most of the information necessary.
Notes are packed.
Notes are paper currency and coins are metal currency.
Notes are part of music.
Notes are personal letters.
Notes are plastic, washable and virtually unbreakable.
Notes are practical information.
Notes are preferable.
Notes are qualifiers allowing insight into the reviewer's rating .
Notes are qualifiers allowing insight into the reviewer's rating.
Notes are reachable by hyperlinks.
Notes are reminders, with no specific time or place.
Notes are scarce and there is too much speculation.
Notes are searchable and transferable to new updates.
Notes are secure at the report level.
Notes are sharper, clearer, more extended.
Notes are short papers that present significant new observations and methodological advances.
Notes are short reports of original studies of limited scope.
Notes are short, sharply focused, and possibly informal.
Notes are simple and fast to create and can be about any subject.
Notes are simple notes that can be used as reminders.
Notes are somewhat organized and contain most of the information necessary.
Notes are special mail messages attached as a reminder to a specific date on the calendar.
Notes are suitable for investors with an intermediate to long-term investment horizon.
Notes are symbols which indicate the pitch and rhythm of sounds.
Notes are symbols.
Notes are the area where handwriting recognition can be used.
Notes are the key to running a benefit.
Notes are the preferred method for changing transportation arrangements.
Notes are the same as for our software compatible forms.
Notes are the ultimate catchall.
Notes are the usual ones, fivers, tens, twenties, fifties and hundreds.
Notes are to appear at the bottom of the documents.
Notes are to appear at the end of the manuscript.
Notes are to be found throughout the text.
Notes are to be kept to a minimum and used only for substantial observations.
Notes are to be marked by the topic of that lecture.
Notes are to be numbered consecutively.
Notes are to be provided only when direct quotations are used.
Notes are to be tabbed and broken up by topic area.
Notes are to be taken in pencil.
Notes are to be taken only for ideas to be shared with others, action items, etc.
NOTEs are to be used to denote the start of an exception region, and the end of the region.
Notes are to put on the lines and in the spaces between the lines .
Notes are to put on the lines and in the spaces between the lines.
Notes are tones.
Notes are twice the size of standard size and the music reads straight across a two-page spread.
Notes are typically shorter and more narrowly focused.
Notes are unlimited.
Notes are used for communication.
Notes are used for harmony.
Notes are used for melody.
Notes are used for rhythms.
Notes are used for tempos.
Notes are useful for jotting down information for a quick reminder.
Notes are useful in seeing currency of information contained in the article.
Notes are usually preferable, but, as always, rehearsal is essential.
Notes are utilitarian in nature, that is to say, it is designed to serve some larger purpose.
Notes are very easy.
Notes are very important as a study guide.
Notes are very important to a rock collector.
Notes are very important tools for studying.
Notes are very random and sporadic.
Notes are with the author.
Notes are word for word from the source - don t paraphrase.
Notes attribute information for the account.
Notes Avoid the use of notes as much as possible.
Notes Avoid the use of notes.
Notes Avoid using FONT, for reasons explained in the discussion of text markup in general.
Notes based on general observations provide context information to supplement video footage.
Notes Be careful that the milk mixture has cooled before adding it to the starter.
Notes Be Prepared.
Notes Be sure character is a single character enclosed in single or double quotation marks.
Notes Be sure to enclose the new data set name in parenthesis.
Notes Be very careful of oncoming traffic.
Notes Be very careful when melting chocolate.
Notes become a distinctive tool to capture organized or random thoughts.
Notes belong to no individual, they are free floating.
Notes bias in curation of mutations against genomic deletions.
Notes booklets that students use to prepare for high school and college exams.
Notes bridge the distance for missionaries.
Notes Call ahead for access information.
Notes Call for papers.
Notes can balk when the number of replicants gets large.
Notes can be a source of illumination or where messy stuff is buried.
Notes can be an aide-memoire.
Notes can be an excellent reminder of noteworthy accomplishments.
Notes can be any text a user wants associated with the box.
Notes can be as short as a few words or as long as a few pages.
Notes can be as simple as a list of words, a graph or even a picture.
Notes can be bent.
Notes can be either in the body of the text, at the bottom of the page, or at the end of the paper.
Notes can be formal or informal.
Notes can be of unlimited size.
Notes can be on paper or cards.
Notes can be output in e-text, print, braille, or synthesized speech.
Notes can be permanent or temporary .
Notes can be slid, pulled, and hammered.
Notes can be stationary, hidden or floating, different sizes and tiling styles.
Notes can be very long and can be loaded from disk.
Notes can be very low and sometimes very strange.
Notes can contain any textual information.
Notes can contain bold, underline, italic, highlighted and non-proportional text.
Notes can continue above and below each of the lines.
Notes can easily print views and forms for the paper documents needed for the meeting.
Notes can expire.
Notes can handle documents that have thousands of pages of text.
Notes can have alarms and repeating alarms with factors of minutes, hours or days.
Notes can have due dates, projects, alarms, different font styles, and various links.
Notes can have interest equal to the effective rate or interest different from the effective rate.
Notes can have their stems turned upward or downward.
Notes can have visual and audio alarms, be categorized and colored by project, printed, and emailed.
Notes can help today's busy brides stay organized.
Notes can include important hints for better understanding the financial statements.
Notes can point to state points.
Notes can replicate changes in data fields across all OLE-registered applications.
Notes can therefore deal with any aspect of the publication.
Notes Change the numbers in the boxes to change the coefficients of the polynomial.
Notes Chewing the bark and roots is said to cause burning of the mouth.
Notes Click above for info.
Notes Click clear to reset the page to the default settings.
Notes Click on each picture to find out what the picture is about and the story behind it.
Notes come at the end of the text before References.
Notes come in fluorescent pink, blue or yellow.
Notes come in two forms.
Notes come with table of contents, topic index and hyperlinked references.
Notes comes with application development tools that make it relatively easy to create applications.
Notes concerning an automobile tour of the district are also available.
Notes concerning raw materials and manufacturing techniques follow the text.
Notes consist of material that supplements important information or ideas in the body of the text.
Notes consist of the head the stem and the flag or beam.
Notes Construct a cardboard facade of a giant teapot and paint it with poster paints.
Notes contain details.
Notes contain helpful suggestions or references to additional information and material.
Notes contain helpful suggestions or references to information and material.
Notes contain helpful suggestions.
Notes contain miscellaneous information about items in our collection.
Notes contain references.
Notes contain vital information about that title.
Notes contains some of the class notes.
Notes continues to offer one of the most flexible remote-access models of all products tested here.
Notes costs to be paid by outside lawfirm.
Notes cover testimony, cross examination and verdict.
Notes currently being played are in the foreground and consist of modulations to a flat sheet.
Notes database replication schema and procedures.
Notes defies easy definition, which is enough of a reason to be wary.
Notes deliver advertising impact one sheet at a time.
Notes Demonstrate the use of ratios to reduce paints.
Notes describes the changes from one version to the next.
Notes describing alternate methods of obtaining the signature strings are available here .
Notes Dies young.
Notes disclose the significant accounting policies used to prepare the financial statements.
Notes discuss the presence and history of yellow fever in Louisiana.
Notes display a mastery of the ideas contained in the novel .
Notes display a satisfactory comprehension of the data .
Notes display critical thinking and comprehension abilities.
Notes display exemplary critical thinking and comprehension abilities.
Notes Do the readings before the assigned class.
Notes does more than level the playing field.
Notes does require customization, but it is an extremely powerful tool.
Notes does that nobody else knows how to do yet.
Notes download A home office utility.
Notes emphasize practical lessons from the biblical passages.
Notes enables users to work independently, in a coordinated way on a common goal.
Notes Enter any further notes about the product such as the supplier, quantity on order, etc.
Notes Enter chemical formulae into the appropriate boxes.
Notes estimates at five percent coverage.
Notes expand on the information in the textbook.
Notes explain exceptions and suggest other classes to consult, based on concept.
Notes Explain the meaning of the maturity value of a note.
Notes explaining the data follow the table.
Notes fall to the floor and are lost.
Notes falling on invisible lines use leger lines.
Notes falling on the invisible staff use leger lines.
Notes feature attaches a personal note to any dictionary number.
Notes feature attaches a personal note to any topic.
Notes feel suddenly better.
Notes field larger on add appointment screen.
Notes fill the small apartment and flutter down the hall.
Notes First order categorical logic.
Notes fixar is made into an Arabic pluperfect tense.
Notes fly off the ax at a blinding rate.
Notes focus on specific teaching issues or techniques.
Notes follow each chapter.
Notes follow each section with supporting and relevant authority for the individual instructions.
Notes follow every work.
Notes follow some of the ads.
Notes follow the exercise.
Notes follow the list of children when available.
Notes follow the table.
Notes Follow the work being done on everything from hardware design to manipulation research.
Notes following the table provide further explanation as needed.
Notes Formatting a disk removes all information from the disk.
Notes generally contain a maximum of six illustrations.
Notes Get up to date with what's happening in the notes section.
Notes give guidance in applying the teaching of the Bible to daily life.
Notes give help with grammar, confusable words, and vocabulary building.
Notes given here are in relation to capo.
Notes given to the judge by the jury foreman indicate even deliberations turned nasty.
Notes Go to the previous , next section.
Notes Go to the top of the document.
Notes goes mobile.
Notes grab people's attention when they are stuck to an important document.
Notes hang and others never stop.
Notes has all the built-in tools to do workflow.
Notes has applications that can be used for document workflow.
Notes has many features designed to be useful in the home and office.
Notes has many security layers.
Notes has the ability to work with multiple files.
Notes has well-known virtues for shorter messages and unstructured documents.
Notes have (part) chapters.
Notes have (part) paragraphs.
Notes have (part) postcodes.
Notes have (part) sections.
Notes have (part) staff lines.
Notes have (part) word order.
Notes have a date attached.
Notes have a tendency to sound the same for each type of visit.
Notes have currently a very flexible but also very complex model that has evolved over the years.
Notes have names.
Notes have so many uses.
Notes have values.
Notes Help . .
Notes Help doc . .
Notes Help for teens, plus comments on smoke, fur, and other troubles.
Notes help make mapping faster and more accurate.
Notes hop around in the stereo field on the auto-panned programs.
Notes Imagine that advertising was the only clue that someone had about North American society.
Notes includes a handy recorder that takes advantage of a built-in microphone and speaker.
Notes Includes any other possibly useful information.
Notes indicate an increase in falls.
Notes indicate only a single fixed marker board.
Notes indicate whether full-text is available and in what format.
Notes indicating a change in the student's busing are to be approved by the office.
Notes invokes a cgi script which generates notes on the experiment.
Notes is a combined email, calendaring, database system that's quite mature.
Notes is a comprehensive, seamless package.
Notes is a discussion of Roman myth regarding pomegranates.
Notes is a great and influential work that ranks very very high as well.
Notes is a groupware product for collaboration.
Notes is a major level heading.
Notes is a mature application.
Notes is a new paradigm.
Notes is a proven product for workflow management.
Notes Is a rapid invader, and quickly stabilizes moist eroding soils.
Notes is a way that they feel comfortable communicating.
Notes is a workflow tool for becoming paperless.
Notes is an automated recordkeeper of notes, messages, reminders, questions and answers.
Notes is available by signing up online .
Notes is basically the collaborative engine behind our internal and external communication.
Notes is excellent for many purposes such as documentor file collections.
Notes is more for enhancing productivity among people, and helping to keep track of projects.
Notes is such an example.
Notes is surprisingly useful.
Notes is the drawing program.
Notes is the Internet.
Notes just says, raised there.
Notes Keep a rig tuning log.
Notes Keep the puzzle theme alive . . .
Notes keeps track of changes and makes updates to replications of all databases in use at any site.
Notes lift off the pages that lay scattered on the piano.
Notes Live on foreshore, and can be dug using a fork at low tide.
Notes Look no further.
Notes make a web presentation more useful for the reader and provide context.
Notes make it easy to remember what was done on a project.
Notes Make notes as set out in the following subrules and in the order given there .
Notes make studying easier.
Notes manage notes, thoughts, and ideas.
Notes mature in up to five years.
Notes mention whether it is the first recording of the song and otherwise why it is listed.
Notes needs closure.
Notes Note that the widget and message data inheritance hierarchies are fairly deep.
Notes notes .
Notes occurs only when an event happens.
Notes passim Latin word meaning here and there or throughout .
Notes Pay in advance for six months and receive one additional free month of service.
Notes pay interest semiannually, and the principal is payable at maturity.
Notes places heavy demands on infrastructure and forces IS staff to stretch.
Notes pour la classific.
Notes pour servir l'histoire de cette seigneurie .
Notes produced by head voice are higher, rounder and usually softer.
Notes Promotes the protection and enhancement of America's historic resources.
Notes provide a record of the lecture content.
Notes provide additional information or enhance a discussion by emphasizing a particular point.
Notes Provide an easy way for students to be located.
Notes provide cash flows.
Notes provide detailed explanations.
Notes provide evidence of rudimentary understanding of the data.
Notes provide evidence of rudimentary understanding of the novel.
Notes provide information on how the county was formed, changes in the county names, and more.
Notes provide information on state-level policies concerning specific issues.
Notes provide information.
Notes provide insight into what makes a classic.
Notes provide practical information.
Notes provide reminders of discussions with clients or other attorneys.
Notes provide written criteria for study purposes.
Notes Provides annual international energy projections through the end of the year.
Notes Provides current data on U.S. business on the regional, national, and international levels.
Notes provides powerful e-mail and excellent tools for creating custom groupware applications.
Notes Provides quality services and products to federal and state governments.
Notes provides the capability to paste graphics files as a background for a form.
Notes provides the framework for viewing or editing the data as well as adding new documents.
Notes Put major ideas and key facts on note cards.
Notes re accession.
Notes re condition and printing The majority of books offered are 'used'.
Notes Read and follow the lab rules.
Notes receivables represent short-term lending activity of the firm.
Notes refer the reader to the source of material quoted or paraphrased.
Notes refer the reader to the source of the material quoted or paraphrased.
Notes Refer to DROP TYPE to remove an existing type.
Notes Refer to LOCK for further information about locking tables inside a transaction.
Notes refer to the model above the note.
Notes Regarding Presentations For more information regarding the presenters click on their names.
Notes remind students of review topics or direct their attention to specific content.
Notes represent a good place to spell-out abbreviations used in the slide.
Notes represent a more sophisticated method of citing one's sources.
Notes represent beats of music.
Notes requires highly trained individuals to administer and to create content.
Notes research in the field by seeking out school psychologists to talk to about their roles.
Notes resonate in ways that defy the laws of physics.
Notes Returns the user's identity, email address, and often other information.
Notes reviews reader comments citation staff.
Notes revolutionizes messages.
Notes rising numbers in sisterhood, gives summary of daily life.
Notes run consecutively, beginning with one.
Notes See also LessThanComparable .
Notes see below.
Notes See here for refund formulas and information.
Notes See the documentation for dialog.run and dialog.loadFromFile for full information.
Notes See the following link for examples of how to define Z-matrices .
Notes See the Readme.txt file and the html files for instructions on use.
Notes seem to sing forever.
Notes sell at a discount.
Notes serve as a permanent record for future use, essay writing, and exam preparation.
Notes Serve immediately, with fresh jam and room-temperature butter.
Notes Serve in a hollowed-out whole loaf of bread.
Notes Serve in moderately thick slices while still fairly hot.
Notes Serve the hot pancakes with any kind of stewed fruit.
Notes Serve warm or at room temperature.
Notes Serve warm with salsa.
Notes Serve with boiled or mashed potatoes and sliced lemon.
Notes Serve with freshly-grated nutmeg.
Notes Serve with jam and cream or ice cream.
Notes Serve with lots of garlic bread and a dry white wine.
Notes Serve with mashed or jacket potatoes.
Notes Serve with rice and chapati.
Notes Serve with rice.
Notes Sleep disturbance in chronic fatigue syndrome.
Notes snake around, twist around corners, all before a big beat - thrilling.
Notes softly dripping, one by one, the track balances on a sweet, vibraphone-led backing.
Notes spray forth.
Notes start arriving in splatters.
Notes Stay tuned for the notes.
Notes store both their creation and last-modification dates.
Notes Substituting apple cider or apple juice for the water adds tremendous taste.
Notes suggest correlation between seasons.
Notes supplementing a definition are also important.
Notes sur Chopin.
Notes sur le culte des orisha et vodun.
Notes sur le gorille.
Notes sur les travaux.
Notes taken during discussion are still available for further analysis.
Notes taken in the field are useful when identifying fossil finds.
Notes takes the drudgery out of the task.
Notes tend to smoothly glide together on chromatic scale.
Notes tests students' ability to use a note set to organize a paragraph or essay.
Notes Tracing is initially on when the application starts.
Notes Try starting off with a black and white image for a different look.
Notes Try to avoid using too many notes.
Notes Try to lower the speed of each fan and look at the reported speed and the temperatures.
Notes typically provide well-rounded analysis of a controversial or current topic.
Notes Use createlang to add a language.
Notes Use droplang to remove a language.
Notes Use fresh lime juice.
Notes Use lower case only.
Notes Use no drugs on youngbirds, use weakens natural immune system.
Notes Use the card as the chief source of information.
Notes Use the net view command to display a list of computers.
Notes uses the familiar right angle bracket character by default.
Notes vary in the following ways.
Notes Welcome, bridge friends.
Notes When folding in egg whites, be gentle.
Notes Work on circular needle back in forth in rows.
Notes works as a bracing reportorial plunge into an alternate reality.
Notes Write the word stress on the chalkboard.
Notes written by the parent are valid from one to three calendar days only.
Notes written later, and particularly after a field guide has been checked, are much less credible.
Notes written on the board are usually important.
Notes written together on the same beat, are to be played, or sung, together.
Notes yield at five percent coverage.
Note always calculate pv using the effective rate of interest.
Note Always provide all initial values to a keyword.
Note Always read the safety advice given by the manufacturers before using spray adhesives.
Notes often have assets pledged as collateral.
Notes often highlight distinctions among similar items.
Notes usually appear in regular indented paragraph style.
Notes Usually tastes better the next day.
All notes appear in a list following the table.
All notes are as included.
All notes are available.
All notes are color and size coded.
All notes are hyper text sensitive allowing URL activation in browser.
All notes are in nice average circulated condition and are dates and types of our choice.
All notes are in place, Never a chord late.
All notes are in thousands.
All notes are in Word format or .gif.
All notes are in Word format or Excel.
All notes are in Word format unless otherwise noted.
All notes are in Word format.
All notes are informative only.
All notes are open notes.
All notes are purchases at a discount over the balance remaining due.
All notes are to be placed on the back of the report on a fourth page.
All notes can have several names.
All notes carry advanced security features.
All notes come in a clear plastic protective sleeve to preserve their tiptop condition and value.
All notes come in a protective currency holder.
All notes consist of a note number and the note itself.
All notes flow into each other.
All notes follow the body of the paper.
All notes have serial numbers.
All notes remain in the same positions.
All notes respond easily.
All notes respond well and the tone color is bright and sweet.
All notes seem to be right but the instruments don t fit very well.
All notes seem to sound good when they are played with good time.
All notes sustain equally well.
All notes weigh the same.
All notes welcome.
Any note is borrowed, a small aluminium disc is passed out for examination.
Every note also has a seven-pointed star which has only half the printing on each side .
Every note also has a seven-pointed star which has only half the printing on each side.
Every note also has the serial and series numbers printed in red ink .
Every note also has the serial and series numbers printed in red ink.
Every note carries the weight of exhaustion and regret.
Every note comes with a slide and a crescendo.
Every note falls unerringly and beautifully into place.
Every note has a chord, so there are seven major chords to learn.
Every note has a corresponding rest with equal value.
Every note has a life of it's own.
Every note has a staccato, articulating each note.
Every note has to be worked out beforehand.
Every note has to have something poetic to say.
Every note is a caress of one another's face.
Every note is a feeling.
Every note is a pearl, and every note sings.
Every note is carefully crafted and simply a pleasure to listen to.
Every note is clean and bell-like.
Every note is dependent on the next note, and it makes an organic whole.
Every note is held as a half note, regardless of the musical annotation.
Every note is honest.
Every Note Is Important .
Every note is important.
Every note is in the right place, every tempo is scrupulously observed, every accent is correct.
Every note is just right.
Every note is just very clean.
Every note is one of a kind.
Every note is rich, thick and satisfying.
Every note makes two impressions.
Every note plays perfectly in tune in several different keys.
Every note reflects pure joy of playing.
Every note seems a pool of light.
Every note seems effortless and perfectly in place.
Every note seems to jump right out.
Every note takes as long as the performer's momentary frame of mind dictates.
Every note then has an independent state, allowing the note to sound as intended.
Many note are simple fingering, except two cross fingering.
Many notes are important for the identification of an item.
Many notes are optional.
More notes are better than less, even if the material sounds simple and common-sensical.
Most notes are available on line.
Most notes are manuscripts.
Most notes contain details.
Most notes contain references.
Most notes look like lists.
Most notes provide information.
Most notes provide practical information.
Most notes show some type of military illustration, airplanes, tanks zeppelins, soldiers etc.
Some notes also explain conflicting or ambiguous information that appears elsewhere in the record.
Some notes are available online.
Some notes are available.
Some notes are harsh but provide stimulation.
Some notes are held by authors.
Some notes are imprint specific and describe various distribution arrangements.
Some notes are loud , and some notes are quiet .
Some notes are mere window dressing.
Some notes are necessary to understand it wholly.
Some notes are odd, however.
Some notes are too negative, and some information is too old, things here change quickly.
Some notes arrive on paper without ever passing through students' brains.
Some notes call for high interest to satisfy the seller, usually suggested by the buyer.
Some notes contain hyperlinks to other quotations or multimedia items.
Some notes describe anatomies.
Some notes describe characteristics.
Some notes describe different characteristics.
Some notes feature special messages from parents, grandparents or friends.
Some notes follow.
Some notes have other common names.
Some notes have serial numbers while others have a two digit block number only.
Some notes have to be bent a half step, and some notes have to be bent a whole step.
Some notes indicate margins, spacing, reduced type, or capital or lower case letters.
Some notes provide background information and introductory samplers.
Some notes seem more relevant than others, but the frames format reduces the frustration.
Note.-This list is given as sent in by the families without comment or change.
A notebook computer is a portable computer
Notebook computer require Basics Game PC Card.
Notebook computers are a little smaller.
Notebook computers are about the same price everywhere.
Notebook computers are all the rage.
Notebook computers are also available for checkout.
Notebook computers are another good example of the genesis of portable technology.
Notebook computers are another safe harbor, at least for a while.
Notebook computers are appealing targets to thieves, so guard it closely while in public.
Notebook computers are far less susceptible to the increasing trend of building systems to order.
Notebook computers are ideal for a thief.
Notebook computers are less obtrusive in the classroom than traditional desktop computers.
Notebook computers are more expensive today, and more expensive to upgrade than desktops.
Notebook computers are necessary for reasons of transportability and home sign-out.
Notebook computers are portable.
Notebook computers are very desirable because of their lightweight compact design and portability.
Notebook computers can be a very easy way to put a lot of explosives on a plane.
Notebook computers can be an effective tool for teacher training.
Notebook computers can cost twice as much as similarly configured desktop models.
Notebook computers increase communication.
Notebook computers make anywhere they are their office.
Notebook computers make universal access a reality.
Notebook computers paired with display systems are available for checkout.
Notebook computers remain more expensive than their desktop counterparts.
Notebook computers take up less space than conventional desktop computers.
Many notebook computers have an energy gauge in a tiny window in a corner.
Most notebook computers offer different levels of power management.
Most notebook computers use integrated touchpads or pointers.
Notebook paper is fine.
Notebook paper is okay.
A notebook is a book
Notebook calls up a notebook to be used for taking notes.
Notebook can both print and save to a file selected text only, if so desired.
Notebook contains contact prints.
Notebook contains most pertinent information on web sites visited.
Notebook is a database of fellowships, the majority from non-Cornell sources.
Notebook is a delightful and sad picture of the Hesitation Waltz of creation.
Notebook is a good way to keep notes, records of time or a journal of events.
Notebook is blurred.
Notebook is defined as a small, full function personal computer designed for easy portability.
Notebook is distributed as shareware.
Notebook is interleaved with additional lecture notes written on consecutive interleaved pages.
Notebook is named that way for a good reason.
Notebook isa artifact.
Notebook knows it's a shock but football clubs do tell the truth sometimes.
Notebook supports overtype mode.
Notebook supports overtype, as well as insert mode.
Notebooks also have noticeably slower performance than a similar desktop machine.
Notebooks are a completely different kettle of chips.
Notebooks are a rich authoring environment.
Notebooks are also a great environment for giving live presentations, as show here.
Notebooks are also difficult to work on with their half-size keys and strange pointing devices.
Notebooks are also more power efficient now.
Notebooks are an essential tool to be used in professionally presenting a case at trial .
Notebooks are an immense help in preparing for lab.
Notebooks are artifacts.
Notebooks are at their core PCs just like desktops are, and they use similar components.
Notebooks are available for most Executive positions.
Notebooks are available to parents without any charge.
Notebooks are big, cumbersome battery hogs.
Notebooks are books.
Notebooks are closed and put away.
Notebooks are compact and can be reviewed quickly, but taking notes is tedious and error-prone.
Notebooks are computers.
Notebooks are due at the beginning of class on the designated day.
Notebooks are due the last day of class.
Notebooks are due three times during the semester, just before each test.
Notebooks are due.
Notebooks are extremely portable and durable, weighing five to eight pounds.
Notebooks are far more vulnerable to theft than desktop machines.
Notebooks are laptop computers that weigh between five and seven pounds.
Notebooks are lightweight, portable and extremely easy to steal.
Notebooks are like word-processing documents since they can contain text, images, and formulas.
Notebooks are located in backpacks.
Notebooks are located in bookstores.
Notebooks are located in classes.
Notebooks are located in classrooms.
Notebooks are located in desks.
Notebooks are located in desktops.
Notebooks are located in offices.
Notebooks are located in stores.
Notebooks are much more expensive than a similar desktop machine.
Notebooks are now powerful enough to replace desktops.
Notebooks are often under-powered compared to desktops.
Notebooks are one of the ways in which inventors establish priority for their ideas.
Notebooks are optional.
Notebooks are out.
Notebooks are portable computers.
Notebooks are portable.
Notebooks are prime targets for thieves.
Notebooks are private and each person shares only what they choose.
Notebooks are small and light enough to fit in a legal pad holder.
Notebooks are the sports cars of computing.
Notebooks are to be kept current.
Notebooks are to be kept in ink.
Notebooks are to be kept up to date and can be collected for review at any time.
Notebooks are to be written in black ink .
Notebooks are to reflect a body of work accomplished throughout the semester in lab.
Notebooks are used for collect information.
Notebooks are used for writing.
Notebooks are versatile.
Notebooks are very customs made products.
Notebooks are very popular in Thailand.
Notebooks are without question the most flexible and versatile of mobile computing tools.
Notebooks become important in the next chapter.
Notebooks bounce around in cars, on trains, in planes, and get knocked when they're being carried.
Notebooks can be anything from three ring hardbound binders to a manilla folder.
Notebooks can include many ports, or connections.
Notebooks carry a one-year parts and labor warranty or as otherwise stated form the manufacturer.
Notebooks clearly implicate a hinge.
Notebooks come in all shapes and sizes and prices.
Notebooks come with a variety of features and are expandable.
Notebooks contain mostly names and addresses, contributions, and other brief notations.
Notebooks containing internship announcements and full-time job postings are available for review.
Notebooks containing summer employment vacancies are available for review.
Notebooks containing the firm resources are available with other binders in the cart.
Notebooks describe observations.
Notebooks disappear off desks as quickly as it takes their owners to pour a cup of coffee.
Notebooks do cost more than desktops but for good reason.
Notebooks fill with information.
Notebooks fill with stories.
Notebooks get spiral binding.
Notebooks give the Pennsylvania city's police fast access to database info.
Notebooks go everywhere with the child and recording becomes a continual process.
Notebooks have (part) sections.
Notebooks have only very limited upgrade options.
Notebooks have special hardware and programming to allow external keyboards.
Notebooks have the same capabilities as our huge desktops.
Notebooks listing what journals and magazines the library owns are available in the library.
Notebooks listing what journals and magazines the library owns are available throughout the library.
Notebooks present different security problems simply because they are mobile.
Notebooks provide a way to organize many spreadsheets together in the same file.
Notebooks provide an excellent alternative.
Notebooks provide the means to achieve the needed level of information organization.
Notebooks represent months of work.
Notebooks serve as one method of demonstrating competency in each of the content areas.
Notebooks take a lot of abuse on the road, and it's cheap insurance.
Notebooks take up too much room, are bulky and hard to handle.
Notebooks use either a stick or a touch pad as pointing device.
Notebooks vary greatly in keyboard layout, pointing device, and overall look and feel.
Notebooks vary widely in how the port is activated.
Notebooks usually have 'PC Card' slots which can be used to connect a modem or to a network.
All notebooks have filetypes of notebook unless otherwise specified.
Every notebook has a list of authorized users.
Every notebook has several slots available to hold so-called PC cards.
Every notebook has tabs which mark the grouping of similar data.
Every notebook is different.
Many notebooks can change panel modes via a hotkey on the keyboard.
Many notebooks come with locking levers.
Many notebooks offer similar performance and features.
Many notebooks provide almost full-size keyboards, which are preferable for many tasks.
Most notebooks already have a modem.
Most notebooks are barely upgradable.
Most notebooks claim to have two to three hours of battery life.
Most notebooks come with either a basic trackball or touchpad.
Most notebooks describe observations.
Most notebooks fill with information.
Most notebooks fill with stories.
Most notebooks have a common and relatively standard set of such ports.
Most notebooks have a monitor port .
Most notebooks have a parallel port.
Most notebooks have a serial port.
Most notebooks have dual serial-port capability, though there is usually just one serial connector.
Most notebooks have only one open socket for upgrading memory.
Most notebooks have ports to plug in an extenal monitor and keyboard.
Most notebooks result from seminars on various topics.
Some notebooks also have a printed calendar.
Some notebooks even offer two of the pointing devices.
Some notebooks fill with theorems.
Some notebooks have batteries.
Some notebooks nowadays offer a color screen.
Some notebooks perform multimedia tasks better than others.
Some notebooks provide opportunity.
Some notebooks save weight and cost by leaving out the CD-ROM drive.
Some notebooks show patterns.
Any noted defects are added to a punch list for completion prior to closing.
Noted documents are .pdf format.
Noted exceptions are for routine pap tests and mammograms.
Noted exceptions are in the cases of congenital infection or immunocompromised individuals .
Noted experts discuss how they influenced later fighting craft.
Noted income is up.
Noted resorts lie east and west of the city.
Many noted rivers run along the Tibetan plateau.
Most noted success based literature highly stresses the importance of having a good thought pattern.
A notepad is a pad
Notepad adjusts the word wrap to match the size of the window.
Notepad are perfectly serviceable tools for creating simple HTML documents.
Notepad can load more than just .TXT files.
Notepad comes in when the others are just too heavy to do a quick edit or two.
Notepad comes with windows.
Notepad fits that bill well, and it is a convenient way to access recipes, compose letters and more.
Notepad ignores fonts, font sizes, bolding, underlining, italics, text hyperlinks, and text color.
Notepad is a small text editor, similar to a word processor.
Notepad is fine.
Notepad is great for most webpages.
Notepad is no exception.
Notepad is now open for business.
Notepad looks for .TXT files by default, and isn t looking for .HTML files.
Notepad needs to be installed.
Notepad opens and displays the source code for the current message.
Notepad opens showing the code used to build the page.
Notepad works best.
Notepad works the best, it doesnt have margins.
Notepads are an inexpensive way to reach voters.
Notepads are located in back pockets.
Notepads are located in backpacks.
Notepads are located in conferences.
Notepads are located in desks.
Notepads are located in desktops.
Notepads are located in drawers.
Notepads are located in drug stores.
Notepads are located in knapsacks.
Notepads are located in meetings.
Notepads are located in offices.
Notepads are located in pages.
Notepads are located in purses.
Notepads are located in schools.
Notepads are optional.
Notepads are pads.
Notepads are software.
Notepads are used for doodles.
Notepads are used for doodlings.
Notepads are used for sketchings.
Notepads are used for storing information.
Notepads are word processors.
Notepads have paper.
Most Notes books rehash the manual.
Notes cards are also for sale.
Some noteworthy anomalies are also apparent.
Some noteworthy awards are as follows.
Some noteworthy differences exist, however, and three stand out in particular.
Some noteworthy examples follow.
Noteworthy links are below.
Noteworthy Links Make payments, tranfer and accept funds, etc.
Noteworthy responses help provide clues for follow-up interviews based on individual item responses.
Nothing fancy goes on here.
Nothing fancy happens with the links - they just go to a larger version of the picture.
Nothing fancy is needed.
Nothing fancy is required here.
Nothing fancy is required.
Nothing human can prevent it.
Nothing human is alien to anthropology.
Nothing human is alien to the essay, nor is any method or length or degree of difficulty alien.
Nothing human is alien to the religious.
Nothing human is foolproof, of course, and scientific publications have had their embarrassments.
Nothing human is simple.
Nothing humans do to the sea has more physical impact than bottom trawling.
Nothing humans do to the sea has more physical impact.
Nothing man can count or weigh, But loss and love's own grieving.
Nothing man can do can halt the endless pattern.
Nothing men do and are by themselves is abundant and lasting, however admirable.
A nothing is an amount
Nothin' can make the devil run. . .
Nothin' Comes Easy and Walk A Mile.
Nothin' comes free.
Nothin' Remains Quite the Same.
Nothin' says delicious like a sizzling beef patty, except maybe a tofu or black bean burger.
Nothin' says lovin' like a big smooch from a machine.
Nothin' says lovin' like rotting beef good lord.
Nothin' says lovin' like somethin' from the oven.
Nothin' seems to faze.
Nothin' stays if it's gotta go now.
Nothing above is applicable.
Nothing above is new, and much of the argument has been around for thirty years now.
Nothing above provides any hooks to assist in the process.
Nothing absorbs odors better then activated carbon.
Nothing accentuates a diamond s brilliance better than platinum.
Nothing accentuates the fact more than records of genealogy.
Nothing accentuates the tension and anxiety of working in the fog like a lack of objectives.
Nothing accounts for Milwaukee's adherence to imprisonment as the only true sanction of choice.
Nothing accumulates, and nothing reacts.
Nothing accumulates, so accumulation is zero.
Nothing achieves that total blood-gorged feeling like supersetting.
Nothing acts as a mirror for the social and cultural fabric of a country more than place names.
Nothing actually burns , so there is no smoke or taste of smoke .
Nothing actually burns, so there is no smoke or taste of smoke.
Nothing actually happens until the user chooses a menu item.
Nothing Adds beauty to a home like vinyl siding.
Nothing adds charm and comfort to a room like a rocking chair.
Nothing adds class to a bathroom like a novelty toilet seat cover .
Nothing adds color and space better than a natural sounding spring reverb.
Nothing adds elegance and a sense of permanence to a home like fine wrought ironwork.
Nothing adds elegance and value like natural wood floors.
Nothing adds flavor to foods like Orlando's tomato frito sauce.
Nothing adds interest like an actual photo, whether in color or black and-white.
Nothing adds more beauty or elegance to a room than a beautiful bay or bow window.
Nothing adds more fuel to the fire then an insincere apology.
Nothing adds more impact to photos than a well-placed caption or blurb.
Nothing adds more impact to printed materials the effective use of color.
Nothing adds more personality to a project than the unique look of original letterforms.
Nothing adds more to a new home than a stand of stately trees.
Nothing adds more to the atmosphere of a DJ event than DJ lights and smoke effects.
Nothing adds more to the mediation of construction disputes than knowledge of the subject matter.
Nothing adds so much to the attractiveness and well being of a farm as trees.
Nothing adds that extra snap to a site like great graphics.
Nothing adds that rich heirloom look like fine quilting.
Nothing adds that wonderful winter hush to the forest like a fresh dump of stellar crystals.
Nothing adds the human touch more quickly or makes potential customers more receptive than humor.
Nothing adds to customer satisfaction like a fast, efficient checkout system.
Nothing adds to the professional ensemble quite like the right set of cuff links.
Nothing adds to the weight of a pack like humiliation.
Nothing adds to the worship atmosphere like the beauty of stained glass windows.
Nothing adds tranquility, movement, interest, and style to a garden like a water feature.
Nothing adds tranquillity, movement, interest, and style to a garden like a water feature.
Nothing adds up in boxing.
Nothing adds up.
Nothing adds value to a home like improvements to kitchens and bathrooms.
Nothing adds warmth and life to a room like a lush, healthy green plant.
Nothing adds warmth to the soul like home and hearth.
Nothing advances the cause of a species description like a sketch.
Nothing advances until somebody does more than they are paid to do.
Nothing affects a company like tremendous change.
Nothing affects blocking.
Nothing affects credit unions more than legislation and regulations.
Nothing affects employee morale more insidiously than persistent workplace negativity.
Nothing affects legislators more than campaign finance.
Nothing affects living as much as death or loss.
Nothing affects more land in Illinois than growing crops.
Nothing affects people quite the way light does.
Nothing affects positive circumstance and results more than hard work.
Nothing affects the adoration.
Nothing affects the life of the local church, nothing like holiness.
Nothing affects the livelihood of farmers more than weather and markets.
Nothing affects the performance of conditioning systems more than the adjustment.
Nothing affects the quality of life residents currently enjoy more than job opportunity.
Nothing affects the trajectory more than to hold the bow full drawn too long before loosing.
Nothing afterwards is nearly so hard.
Nothing ages a woman like living in the country.
Nothing ages uglier than utopia.
Nothing aggrandizes the ego more than the feeling that one possesses all the answers.
Nothing aggravates tyranny so much as contumely .
Nothing aids a sleazy politician more than a citizen on the brink of emotional frenzy.
Nothing aids the integration of ideas more than penetrating study.
Nothing aids the self-righteous media more than one sinner caught in the act.
Nothing alleviates stress as much as being able to plan ahead for upcoming events.
Nothing alters a river as totally as a dam.
Nothing alters the magnitude of risk for ovarian cancer more than genetics.
Nothing amazingly heroic just a good solid job that saved a person's life.
Nothing anchors a burgeoning neighborhood as well as a good restaurant.
Nothing angers a buyer more than delays and excuses.
Nothing angers a seller more than delays and excuses.
Nothing angers a web user more than to wait three or four days for an e-mail reply.
Nothing angers a workforce more than management's failure to apply policies in a uniform manner.
Nothing angers an ex-employee more than ambiguous, inaccurate severance documents.
Nothing animates the body or spirit.
Nothing annoys a client as much as hearing nothing.
Nothing annoys a creditor more than someone ducking and diving.
Nothing annoys a visitor more than broken links.
Nothing annoys an editor more.
Nothing annoys clients more than unreturned phone calls.
Nothing annoys like a new window or a back-button redirect.
Nothing annoys reporters more than misuse of terminology.
Nothing answers the question so the sentence has no direct object .
Nothing apparently can withstand their onset.
Nothing apparently happens.
Nothing apparently is beneath the winners of the Nigerian civil war.
Nothing appeals to the best human emotion so much as the spectacle of a brave man.
Nothing appear to have been broken or repaired on the bank.
Nothing appears efficacious.
Nothing appears in print unless sign offs occur.
Nothing appears in the GDynTextLayer.
Nothing appears in the official media, but the point has been made.
Nothing appears in the security log.
Nothing appears in the standard output.
Nothing appears mass-produced.
Nothing appears mechanically wrong.
Nothing appears more obvious to many people.
Nothing appears on the school's site without the explicit approval of the journalism adviser.
Nothing appears on the screen but the text.
Nothing appears on the screen, since all the program does is define some subroutines.
Nothing appears on the screen.
Nothing appears on the seial console.
Nothing appears set up for today's turning point.
Nothing appears to allow the disk to be unmounted short of a reboot.
Nothing appears to be a motive.
Nothing appears to be at stake, either artistically or psychologically.
Nothing appears to be earth-shattering.
Nothing appears to be happening for the next few minutes, but be patient.
Nothing appears to be known for a certainty.
Nothing appears to be logical.
Nothing appears to be missing.
Nothing appears to be offered at present.
Nothing appears to be rotting.
Nothing appears to be tied down.
Nothing appears to be written out to the trace file either.
Nothing appears to be wrong with the bulbs.
Nothing appears to happen but four hours of trudging along in the snow with a couple torches.
Nothing appears to happen but in fact, the screen image is saved in memory.
Nothing appears to happen, but try rendering.
Nothing appears to have been done and the pool is still full of green slime. - Disappointed.
Nothing appears to have been done towards putting the township organization into effect.
Nothing appears to have been omitted to make the work perfect and serviceable.
Nothing appears to have been taken from the center.
Nothing appears to have been taken.
Nothing appears to have changed.
Nothing applies to all families in America.
Nothing applies to China.
Nothing applies to it.
Nothing approaches a woman.
Nothing approaches it.
Nothing approaches the glamour and motivating appeal of premier sporting events.
Nothing approaching bawdy appears, and though sentiment is played down, bit of it slip in.
Nothing arises in nature for the sake of anything else.
Nothing arouses love more than the awareness of being loved, but that awareness has to be there.
Nothing arouses more false hope than the first six hours of a diet.
Nothing arouses sympathy for the settlers more than an injury to a child.
Nothing assures an apocalyptic fate more surely than that fact.
Nothing astonishes men so much as common sense and plain dealing.
Nothing attests to that as clearly as the site of the new plant.
Nothing attracts a crowd faster than controversy.
Nothing attracts a crowd like a crowd .
Nothing attracts a crowd like a crowd. .
Nothing attracts a crowd like a crowd.
Nothing attracts birds like the sound of running water.
Nothing attracts criticism like success.
Nothing Attracts Like Real Media.
Nothing attracts more attention than a clean and bright exterior on a home.
Nothing attracts more parasites than the deceased.
Nothing attracts people more than a good story.
Nothing attracts so quickly as laughter and goodwill.
Nothing attracts talent like financial rewards.
Nothing attracts the eye and brain of the viewer like strong contrast and distinctive patterns.
Nothing attracts traffic better than a clearly communicated mission statement.
Nothing attracts unwanted attention like a horde of rats invading the neighborhood.
Nothing authorizes the filing of a second motion for new trial.
Nothing automatically shuts off the engine.
Nothing avails short of a new creation.
Nothing avoids time.
Nothing awakens a reminiscence like a scent.
Nothing awakens a reminiscence like an odor.
Nothing awakens a reminiscence like an odour.
Nothing awakens interest faster.
Nothing awakens the raging beast within an artist like someone ripping off their art.
Nothing banishes loneliness like feeling needed.
Nothing bars it from being downtown.
Nothing be Roommates between whatever lion either either excite something roll during bake.
Nothing be shove lyric between whatever lion either either excite something roll during bake.
Nothing bears witness to life's sanctity more than the bond between a mother and child.
Nothing beats a book for convenience and permanence.
Nothing beats a book for in-depth problem solving.
Nothing beats a boorish beating for the murderous Turkish torture-forces.
Nothing beats a bottle of bubbly for turning any get-together into a celebration.
Nothing beats a bound printed reference book.
Nothing beats a Bud.
Nothing beats a classic.
Nothing beats a classics.
Nothing beats a clean hospital bed with a nurse and an obstetrician standing by.
Nothing beats a clean-cut hairstyle when it comes to a professional look.
Nothing beats a cold, refreshing drink on a hot day.
Nothing beats a complex injury with the real medical name for an excuse.
Nothing beats a continious tone, dye sublimation print for color accuracy, resolution, and beauty.
Nothing beats a cool pool on a hot summer day.
Nothing beats a creamy load in the ass and down the throat.
Nothing beats a dahlia for summer color.
Nothing beats a dark sky however.
Nothing beats a day at the beach.
Nothing beats a day on the links.
Nothing beats a deathmatch in the rain.
Nothing beats a deep, primal, good idea.
Nothing beats a delicious cup of fresh orange juice or cigarette juice.
Nothing beats a divine love offering.
Nothing beats a down home girl.
Nothing beats a dual sport bike for sheer versatility.
Nothing beats a first hand experience using a better surfing tool.
Nothing beats a full-size van for transporting large numbers of people, or large amounts of cargo.
Nothing beats a funny movie, comedy tape or the latest joke.
Nothing beats a golf package at The Legends.
Nothing beats a good backup.
Nothing beats a good blowjob every now and then.
Nothing beats a good book and well cured tobacco in one's pipe.
Nothing beats a good book or a finely crafted story.
Nothing beats a good chicken liver or cow's heart for nutrition.
Nothing beats a good commercial medium because it is sterile and free of unwanted weed seeds.
Nothing beats a good decomp.
Nothing beats a good defensive team.
Nothing beats a good eye and taking the time to do it right.
Nothing beats a good flanking maneuver to really hammer an opponent.
Nothing beats a good genetic package.
Nothing beats a good glory hole every once in a while.
Nothing beats a good grudge match.
Nothing beats a good night of craziness in Chicago.
Nothing beats a good night s sleep.
Nothing beats a good night's sleep.
Nothing beats a good old-fashioned gift certificate.
Nothing beats a good old-fashioned, candid conversation between parent and child.
Nothing beats a good outdoor shortwave antenna.
Nothing beats a good pair of crabbing gloves when it comes to handling live blue crabs.
Nothing beats a good party .
Nothing beats a good rain gutter.
Nothing beats a good romance.
Nothing beats a good shot of sharons muff.
Nothing beats a good spit.
Nothing beats a good vintage port.
Nothing beats a good wallow.
Nothing beats a good workout to let off steam.
Nothing beats a great cup of coffee at camp.
Nothing beats a great love story.
Nothing beats a great pair of L'eggs.
Nothing beats a great pair of legs.
Nothing beats a great steak.
Nothing beats a great trance party there.
Nothing beats a hot day like thousands of gallons of water.
Nothing beats a hot shower with real water.
Nothing beats a hot, fresh apple cider donut.
Nothing beats a Jeep.
Nothing beats a keyboard for long or complex tasks.
Nothing beats a kitten for fun.
Nothing beats a lens flare for adding drama to an image.
Nothing beats a little insecurity and a sense of humor.
Nothing beats a little real-world experience.
Nothing beats a live person, in extended hours, on the other end.
Nothing beats a look of a rich oxford shirt.
Nothing beats a lot of listening.
Nothing beats a melamine interior for kitchen cabinets.
Nothing beats a mug of hot cider on a cold winter day.
Nothing beats a nice wide tire for driving in snow.
Nothing beats a pager for getting a message to someone right away.
Nothing beats a pair of neoprene waders to stay warm and comfortable.
Nothing beats a paper airplane for relieving rainy day boredom or livening office interaction.
Nothing beats a paste wax shine.
Nothing beats a peach.
Nothing beats a personal recommendation.
Nothing beats a personal tour of the area.
Nothing beats a picnic on the mountainside overlooking the Sea of Galilee.
Nothing beats a picnic under the willows.
Nothing beats a professional job.
Nothing beats a pure beef frank, preferably skinless.
Nothing beats a pushy sister.
Nothing beats a real live guitar teacher.
Nothing beats a real session with real, non-simulated issues.
Nothing beats a refractor for crisp images.
Nothing beats a refreshing dip on a hot summer day.
Nothing beats a relaxing massage after a day of stress.
Nothing beats a relaxing morning ride or a hot afternoon hunting killer waves.
Nothing beats a reliable inexpensive pager.
Nothing beats a satisfying workout session.
Nothing beats a SCSI device for speed, it is many times faster than a parallel port device.
Nothing beats a sexy centerfold babe to stare at and goo on.
Nothing beats a shotgun at close range -short of a flamethrower, that is.
Nothing beats a sledgehammer for releasing the frustrations from one's real job.
Nothing beats a slice of pizza and a cold beer.
Nothing beats a slow tongue and a sharp fingernail.
Nothing beats a slow-link test bed.
Nothing beats a small house in the woods.
Nothing beats a spherometer for accuracy and convenience.
Nothing beats a steamship , too bad cows are so big.
Nothing beats a strong, heavy tripod in delivering sharp telephoto shots.
Nothing beats a summer getaway at one of our remote camps.
Nothing beats a sun-filled autumn day spent walking in parklands in search of grouse.
Nothing beats a teammate who is on the ball.
Nothing beats a testimonial to promote a business.
Nothing beats a Texas sunset on the water.
Nothing beats a thorough understanding of the material.
Nothing beats a toll-free number either.
Nothing beats a touch of sudden ambiguity to end an episode with.
Nothing beats a trip to the zoo.
Nothing beats a T-shirt for everyday wear.
Nothing beats a two-lane road for getting a feel for the countryside.
Nothing beats a Viper into a strong wind.
Nothing beats a warm summer afternoon under a tree with a good book.
Nothing beats a well built hybrid.
Nothing beats a well-timed stunt to gain attention.
Nothing beats a working example.
Nothing beats a ziploc.
Nothing beats actual testing.
Nothing beats adult supervision when it comes to safety around the pool.
Nothing beats advice from the horse's mouth, so to speak.
Nothing beats aggressive marketing.
Nothing beats aloe for emergency trauma medicine.
Nothing beats aloe vera for helping to heal radiation, fire or caustic caused skin ailments.
Nothing beats an artificial jig when it comes to pulling fish from pockets.
Nothing beats an award for polishing the ego, especially if it comes with a sizeable prize.
Nothing beats an early-morning hunt along the sandbars and cattails of the river.
Nothing beats an efficient low cost terminal.
Nothing beats an episode that tries to say something.
Nothing beats an exceptionally fine claret, though a decent port comes close.
Nothing beats an ice cold beer.
Nothing beats an old aged piece of paper with words of love or poetry on it.
Nothing beats an old-fashioned work ethic.
Nothing beats an omnious parting shot of the calculations of a weapon of doom.
Nothing beats an outdoor excursion on a crisp fall evening.
Nothing beats arts and crafts for a calm, laid-back atmosphere.
Nothing beats asking the customer.
Nothing beats beginning a difficult ride with a hearty climb.
Nothing beats being on the spot.
Nothing beats being there.
Nothing beats big stakes and ear-pounding pressure like a man with a hot hand.
Nothing beats bread as a basis for lunch.
Nothing beats breaking news.
Nothing beats cash in hand when buying a new car.
Nothing beats cold and snow for creating sales of snow sports products.
Nothing beats Colorado.
Nothing beats cotton knit for comfort.
Nothing beats creativity.
Nothing beats dabbling in the Internet space supported by an earnings-rich core business.
Nothing beats dedication.
Nothing beats determination to accomplish a goal.
Nothing beats digital fax clarity.
Nothing beats drama to raise funds.
Nothing beats drinking an obscure Czech beer in a Greek restaurant, and toasting to world peace.
Nothing beats examples based upon practical experience.
Nothing beats exploring the countryside on horseback.
Nothing beats first hand knowledge.
Nothing beats firsthand experience to get to know a neighborhood.
Nothing beats force-feeding an evil mage a bit of their own medicine.
Nothing beats formal education, combined with real-life experience.
Nothing beats fresh seafood straight from the beautiful blue waters of the North Atlantic.
Nothing beats fresh seafood.
Nothing beats freshly picked peas or beans just minutes from the garden.
Nothing beats good detection and sanitation.
Nothing beats good old hard work.
Nothing beats good old ketchup.
Nothing beats good old-fashioned customer service.
Nothing beats good old-fashioned technology.
Nothing beats good porn.
Nothing beats good publicity like a fun time for all ages and costumed running can provide that.
Nothing beats good, prompt service, especially during the flurry of fall.
Nothing beats good, prompt service.
Nothing beats good, solid reporting to gain support.
Nothing beats great music under the stars for curing what ails ya.
Nothing beats hands on experience.
Nothing beats hands-on experience when selecting materials.
Nothing beats hands-on experience when selecting the perfect process and material.
Nothing beats hanging out with intelligent, witty women.
Nothing beats hard cold cash in an emergency.
Nothing beats having a trophy.
Nothing beats having a washable tag already sewn on the clothes.
Nothing beats having the material down pat.
Nothing beats High school sports for emotion filled action.
Nothing beats home auditoning for getting to know the 'sound' of the a piece of equipment.
Nothing beats home, sweet home to a dog or cat.
Nothing beats hot Asian sex.
Nothing beats hot wings and a cold beer after a heavy surf session.
Nothing beats impatiens for shade performance and color diversity.
Nothing beats in-person recruiting.
Nothing beats interactive zones.
Nothing beats it for all-round value for money.
Nothing beats it for getting great looking drawings out the door quickly.
Nothing beats it for late nite coffee and dessert.
Nothing beats it for sheer destructive potential.
Nothing beats it for tying two people together and whipping the relationship into shape.
Nothing beats it when it comes to taking care of information.
Nothing beats it.
Nothing beats just plain getting up and zilling while dancing, prioritizing the zills.
Nothing beats lamb s wool.
Nothing beats late night drunken pizza with college friends and women's water polo.
Nothing beats local knowledge.
Nothing beats lots of real estate on screen.
Nothing beats low-cost natural gas when budgeting for expenses.
Nothing beats low-growing ground covers for traversing large areas of yard.
Nothing beats manufacturers packaging.
Nothing beats meeting the beast head on.
Nothing beats money when it comes to public persuasion.
Nothing beats multinational investments, though.
Nothing beats nailing someone with a quad damage rocket as they're running away in terror.
Nothing beats New York during the holiday season.
Nothing beats non-abrasive cleaners, soft cloths and tons and tons of elbow grease.
Nothing beats on the job training.
Nothing beats originality.
Nothing beats our comfortable atmosphere.
Nothing beats our design and construction techniques.
Nothing beats paper and pen, yet.
Nothing beats Pasadena smog.
Nothing beats people sitting down and talking with each other.
Nothing beats personal contact when recruiting a physician.
Nothing beats personal contact, they stress.
Nothing beats personal contact.
Nothing beats personal instruction.
Nothing beats personal interaction.
Nothing beats personal observation.
Nothing beats personal references from friends who have dealt with a good broker.
Nothing beats plain, fresh milk for drinking.
Nothing beats playing in a deciding game of a playoff series.
Nothing beats playing volleyball and basketball.
Nothing beats playing with another human for a real strategic challenge.
Nothing beats practical experience.
Nothing beats preparation to quell the panicky feelings that can keep entrepreneurs awake at night.
Nothing beats preparation.
Nothing beats proper training taken to an extreme.
Nothing beats quality playtime to build a bond between dad and baby.
Nothing beats rallying in shear terms of adrenaline pumping sideways action.
Nothing beats reading a great story to a child, or curling up with a page-turning novel.
Nothing beats real-time communication for building relationships, both personal and professional.
Nothing beats receiving a 'real' letter in amongst the junk mail.
Nothing beats returning home.
Nothing beats rock.
Nothing beats self-victimization and moral blackmail when it comes to boosting creation in cinema.
Nothing beats sex, baby, for fun under the sun.
Nothing beats sneaking up on wildlife from the convenience of a kayak.
Nothing beats someone s personal experiences.
Nothing beats southern hospitality.
Nothing beats spending time talking and getting to know people.
Nothing beats steel-reinforced concrete for strength.
Nothing beats summer.
Nothing beats swimming on a hot day.
Nothing beats tackling common problems together.
Nothing beats taking half a morning to just do a couple of exercises.
Nothing beats teaching junior to be cyber savvy.
Nothing beats text for firing up the imagination.
Nothing beats that feeling of seeing the first light glaze off a freshly polished, newly strung axe.
Nothing beats that feeling.
Nothing beats that for lameness.
Nothing beats that rivalry.
Nothing beats that rush of performing under pressure and succeeding.
Nothing beats that smoky charcoal flavor.
Nothing beats that.
Nothing beats the absolute quiet of New Zealand at times.
Nothing beats the all-American backyard, where legions of young campers have begun their careers.
Nothing beats the applause of an audience.
Nothing beats the aroma from a freshly opened package of vacuum packed coffee.
Nothing beats the back seat for some incredible airtime.
Nothing beats the bakery goods, baked fresh daily.
Nothing beats the blanket of snow on drooping hemlock boughs for winter charm in the garden.
Nothing beats the Brute for chop line speed and accuracy.
Nothing beats the buzz of winning big at Mini Vegas.
Nothing beats the camaraderie of having a meal around a campfire at twilight.
Nothing beats the charm of lustrous and soft manageable hair.
Nothing beats the comfort of cotton.
Nothing beats the competitive feel of racing.
Nothing beats the computer for data storage, manipulation, retrieval or transmission.
Nothing beats the convenience of ordering with a credit card.
Nothing beats the convenience of shopping online.
Nothing beats the cost efficiency of a gas furnace.
Nothing beats the desert sun and wilderness beaches when the winter doldrums set in.
Nothing beats the desire to know the secret of a teacher.
Nothing beats the diversity, convenience and filling qualities of a good slice of 'za.
Nothing beats the effective and free advertising that search engines offer.
Nothing beats the elegance of a properly plated crepe, be they sweet or savory.
Nothing beats the excitement of a live auction.
Nothing beats the feeling of achieving a successful score on a gun game.
Nothing beats the feeling of finding delicious food and the satisfaction of having eaten one.
Nothing beats the feeling of overall well-being and other health benefits of a good sweat.
Nothing beats the feeling of safety one has at home and peace of mind can help heal.
Nothing beats the feeling of sailing good waves with only a few friends out.
Nothing beats the felling of a loving family.
Nothing beats the flavor of home-grown vegetables.
Nothing beats the flavour and aroma of fresh herbs.
Nothing beats the fragrance.
Nothing beats the fun of raging around in the dirt, except maybe raging around the dirt at night.
Nothing beats the gift of giving.
Nothing beats the great taste and texture of fresh raw vegetables.
Nothing beats the hands on approach.
Nothing beats the heart pounding excitement of real life casino action.
Nothing beats the heat in the summer than a pool party.
Nothing beats the high of true joy.
Nothing beats the honda when it comes to monster wheelies and outrageous front end stands.
Nothing beats the intense spectacle of a big rugby game.
Nothing beats the intensity of hearing singers up close.
Nothing beats the luxury and elegance of a limousine.
Nothing beats the networking expertise of a national fraternity.
Nothing beats the opportunity to put book knowledge to the test.
Nothing beats the physical handshake.
Nothing beats the power of a good photograph.
Nothing beats the price chart.
Nothing beats the pulsating action of a night crawler in the current.
Nothing beats the quality of real wood.
Nothing beats the quality of wool.
Nothing beats the raw, unscripted action.
Nothing beats the real thing.
Nothing beats the reinforcement of seeing the numbers decrease from week to week.
Nothing beats the relieving and healing power of cold water for burns.
Nothing beats the rivalry between clubs as they fight for the right to be called Auckland's best.
Nothing beats the roughage in bran for preventing constipation, experts say.
Nothing beats the serenity of a botanic garden or a walk through an art museum.
Nothing beats the sex.
Nothing beats the sight of a glorious sunset or a wide field of lush green corn.
Nothing beats the smell of a hearty soup bubbling on the stove or a tasty bread baking in the oven.
Nothing beats the smell of a real tree and the uniqueness of each one.
Nothing beats the smell of fresh baked bread.
Nothing beats the smell of freshly baked bread or molasses cookies to get someone talking.
Nothing beats the smell of line- dried clothes and bedding and nothing beats the savings, too.
Nothing beats the smell of silicon in the morning.
Nothing beats the soft, warm, snuggly, love of good flannel.
Nothing beats the sophistication and refinement that a classical ensemble can provide.
Nothing beats the sound of nature.
Nothing beats the sound of pipes and drums in the mountain air.
Nothing beats the sounds and sensations of a good old fashion wooden coaster.
Nothing beats the sparkle paint.
Nothing beats the spectacular show of crimson sunsets over the vast waters of Lake Michigan. .
Nothing beats the steering wheel for precision movement, be it delicate or dramatic.
Nothing beats the surroundings for bazaar-style shopping with true ethnic character.
Nothing beats the tactile feel of real tiles, and the game itself when played over the table.
Nothing beats the taste of charcoal grilled food.
Nothing beats the taste of fresh farm raised meat.
Nothing beats the taste of homemade challah.
Nothing beats the taste of pecans.
Nothing beats the taste of ripe plums in season, their taut skins bursting with juice.
Nothing beats the taste of sweet corn picked an hour before being served on the buffet.
Nothing beats the taste of sweet strawberries.
Nothing beats the taste sensation when maple syrup collides with ham.
Nothing beats the thrill of connecting beginning deaf ministries with experienced deaf leaders.
Nothing beats the thrill of launching a rocket hundreds of feet into the air.
Nothing beats the thrill of riding a bicycle through a rotary.
Nothing beats the unknown for giving aroused patriots the willies.
Nothing beats the versatility of aluminum mini blinds.
Nothing beats the view of the planet's rings in even a small telescope.
Nothing beats the voice of experience.
Nothing beats the warmth and lightness of a wool quilt.
Nothing beats the winter blahs like cross country skiing.
Nothing beats their comfort.
Nothing beats time on the water.
Nothing beats travelling about in a transportation cart getting free stuff, heh.
Nothing beats travelling on the cheap.
Nothing beats trying something for real while reading about it.
Nothing beats two wheels downtown, living the messenger way.
Nothing beats up close and personal.
Nothing beats victories, of course.
Nothing beats vinyl for endurance, vinyl requires far less maintenance than any other materials.
Nothing beats weight in a tripod.
Nothing beats word from the front.
Nothing beats word of mouth for loyal customers.
Nothing beats word of mouth.
Nothing beats zamboni.
Nothing becomes a lady more than industry.
Nothing becomes more important than soothing that sub-philtrum ache.
Nothing becomes nothing.
Nothing becomes obsolete.
Nothing becomes what it is.
Nothing beets the bonding of good friends and the harvest of beautiful birds.
Nothing begins as solitude or anger.
Nothing begins to come close.
Nothing begins with so much excitement and hope and pleasure as love, except maybe writing a story.
Nothing begs out more to explore than a well designed and placed button on a website.
Nothing believes Korea.
Nothing belongs in the dialup username.
Nothing benefits a pitching staff more than a good defense up the middle.
Nothing beside remain.
Nothing beside remains .
Nothing beside remains.
Nothing bespeaks the transfer of power in Washington more than the roving television camera crews.
Nothing better describes the cubicle lifestyle.
Nothing better describes the feeling than pain.
Nothing better go wrong.
Nothing better illustrates how the death of nuclear power has been greatly exaggerated.
Nothing better illustrates our commitment to tit for tat than our foreign policy.
Nothing better illustrates the central role color plays in the liberal enterprise.
Nothing better illustrates the computational prowess of life than the genetic code.
Nothing blends the mundane and surreal so effortlessly.
Nothing block the way for a high-shot, and it works on all surfaces.
Nothing blocks out city lights and noise like the walls of a deep, dark canyon.
Nothing blocks the view but perhaps a night bird winging overhead or a vagrant cloud.
Nothing blocks the view extending forever.
Nothing blow anything shot all arm unless kitchen forgave through the ski doos.
Nothing blow up, except the computer just sorta reset it self.
Nothing blows greasier chunks than a long wait for a huge graphic.
Nothing blows harder than a Tsunami, and nothing causes fish to strike quite like a Tsunami.
Nothing blows up, and nothing crashes, but plenty happens.
Nothing blows up.
Nothing boosts a community more than employment.
Nothing boosts positive self-image like a new skill.
Nothing boosts sales like a decent diva feud.
Nothing boosts the economy like new jobs created by small-business loans.
Nothing boosts the economy like running big trucks through residential neighborhoods.
Nothing bores a puppy more than practicing, over and over again.
Nothing bores non-golfers like golf stories shared between fellow golfers.
Nothing bothers a customer more than to buy a defective product and waste time returning it.
Nothing bothers a sleeping bear much.
Nothing bothers ad-copy writer Kling more than advertising itself.
Nothing bothers the kid.
Nothing bound lithographs into many brick indeed any met anybody treat for costing.
Nothing breaks a life out of a sedate and predictable routine quite like making music.
Nothing breaks down a buck's guard more than a narrow field of hot does.
Nothing breaks down discipline faster than unfairness and arrogance.
Nothing breaks down teamwork like being co-opted by a selfish boss.
Nothing breaks down walls like an honest compliment.
Nothing breaks the demon of drivenness like being obedient to the fourth command.
Nothing breaks the glassy surface of the water.
Nothing breaks the ice like a costume party.
Nothing breaks the ice like a warm welcome.
Nothing breaks the silence except the sound of the jungle and the rush of the river.
Nothing breaks the silence like a kiss.
Nothing breaks the spell except a rare clink of crystal or a peal of laughter.
Nothing breaks through from the heavens.
Nothing breaks through that morning fog like one of our high caffeine specialty blends.
Nothing breaks through.
Nothing breaks up an author's progress like having to stop every few pages to fuss up the weather.
Nothing breaks up an ordinary conversation faster than someone dropping in an intelligent remark.
Nothing breaks up the hard copy, and keeps readers from dozing off, better than a cartoon.
Nothing breeds anticipation in a birder's heart like experience.
Nothing breeds greater humbug than race.
Nothing breeds misunderstandings better than assumptions.
Nothing breeds more solid relationships than a partner who cares.
Nothing breeds self-confidence better than success.
Nothing breeds sophomoric resentment like academic success.
Nothing breeds success like succes.
Nothing breeds success like success.
Nothing breeds violence faster than cynical attitudes.
Nothing brightens a child s heart like giving a gift they ve created with love.
Nothing brightens a dark corner like a variegated leaf.
Nothing brightens a plate faster than a bit of red.
Nothing brightens a room and lightens the mood like the magical flicker of a candle.
Nothing brightens dreary winter days like the emergence of daffodils.
Nothing brightens the spring and early summer shade garden like bleeding heart.
Nothing brightens up a bad day, than virtual flowers.
Nothing brightens up a garden like color spots.
Nothing brightens up a home like a few candles.
Nothing brightens up a home like fresh flowers.
Nothing brightens up a morning like a smile.
Nothing brightens up a room like fresh flowers from the garden.
Nothing brightens up a winter day like a bluebird in the snow atop a nestbox.
Nothing brightens up a yard like a flock of colorful finches or other songbirds.
Nothing bring home equity credit line beside an fever and who stated everything held on hurry.
Nothing brings a garden to life more effectively than a pond.
Nothing brings a home to life more than bathing it in the radiance of natural light.
Nothing brings a luau to that special high than a than the dances of Polynesia.
Nothing brings a matter into the spotlight like conflict.
Nothing brings back days gone by like tapping a foot to the beat of some fine fiddle music.
Nothing brings celebrities from all over the world into Las Vegas like a heavyweight fight.
Nothing brings changes faster than empty seats and sagging TV ratings.
Nothing brings enjoyment.
Nothing brings families and friends together, both young and old, like bowling.
Nothing brings families to a community like good schools.
Nothing brings greater satisfaction than providing nest boxes for cavity-nesters.
Nothing brings in new customers like a good discount.
Nothing brings in the votes like terror.
Nothing brings in traffic than a good referral.
Nothing brings it out like other people's expectations and a sense of danger.
Nothing brings joy to a person's heart after a long winter quite like a stand of Narcissus .
Nothing brings many a hungry soul to the food vendors booth as fresh baked goods.
Nothing brings more excitement and spontaneity to any event than live music.
Nothing brings more joy and pride than a happy, productive, and loving child.
Nothing brings more joy to an opponent than coming upon a stationary target.
Nothing brings more joy to the believer than changed lives.
Nothing brings more pain than too much pleasure.
Nothing brings more people together than food.
Nothing brings more traffic to town than the convention center.
Nothing brings on a smile like a beautiful wildflower.
Nothing brings out the dark angels of Washington secularism like religion praised sincerely.
Nothing brings out the deep flavors of meat like a good sprinkling of salt.
Nothing brings out the holiday spirit like products from the Farm.
Nothing brings out the lower traits of human nature like office seeking.
Nothing brings out the lusty, earthy, flavors of vegetables like a turn on the grill.
Nothing brings out the quality of an etching, litho or any print like a well cut matte.
Nothing brings out the rich sweet taste of vegetables like roasting.
Nothing brings out the stupid in America like an election.
Nothing brings out the subtleties of the wood and creates a patina like oil.
Nothing brings people together like a mission.
Nothing brings people together like a nice two player video game.
Nothing brings people together like booze, sharp objects and boiling oil.
Nothing brings people together like Irish music.
Nothing brings people together like sad times.
Nothing brings people together like shared adventure.
Nothing brings people together like the cool taste of the Rockies.
Nothing brings people together more closely than the neuroscience core curriculum.
Nothing brings slime to life like slugs.
Nothing brings that home more to students then their first college application form.
Nothing brings that kind of attitude out like the workplace.
Nothing brings the spirit of the occasion to the front more than fresh flowers.
Nothing brings to mind summer like the fresh taste of homegrown tomatoes.
Nothing brings together a group of individuals like a common interest such as hovercraft.
Nothing brings two people together like the merciless dissection of sub-par entertainment.
Nothing brings visitors to the actual battlefield.
Nothing browsing someone replace an safety until accident love by one snowboarding.
Nothing builds a bond between two people like genuine affection and lovemaking.
Nothing builds a deeper and more lasting intimacy than a common spiritual life.
Nothing builds authentic relationship the way prayer does.
Nothing builds brand awareness like strategic placement, repetition and effective design.
Nothing builds community like competition.
Nothing builds confidence as the first income coming in from a new venture.
Nothing builds confidence faster than acquiring a good sense of pronunciation.
Nothing builds confidence in humans like trust.
Nothing builds confidence like a shutout.
Nothing builds confidence like honesty.
Nothing builds confidence more than being recognized.
Nothing builds crew trust more then that.
Nothing builds desire in a pup like having real birds to learn on.
Nothing builds loyalty and profits like a reputation for offering top-quality fundraising products.
Nothing builds muscles like big hills.
Nothing builds on success like success.
Nothing builds pride more than a winning effort.
Nothing builds rapport faster than humor.
Nothing builds school pride like apparel embellished with the school logo or mascot.
Nothing builds self-esteem like praise from parents.
Nothing builds traffic like a third-party editorial endorsement.
Nothing builds unity and fosters commitment more than expressions of appreciation.
Nothing built on so shaky a foundation can stand.
Nothing buoys a group more than tangible success.
Nothing call st.
Nothing called diffserv knows anything about per-flow anything.
Nothing calls for more tact.
Nothing calms a child more than a confident parent.
Nothing calms the jitters of uncertainty better than a good, solid, doable plan.
Nothing calms the mind like a fixed purpose.
Nothing calms the nerves as much as the tranquility of water in the garden.
Nothing calms the nerves better than a gentle rest in a comfy hammock.
Nothing calms the nerves like kicking a sickenly sweet video game mascot.
Nothing can add such beauty to a home inside and out as carefully placed windows and doors.
Nothing can add to that.
Nothing can affect the consumers' statutory rights.
Nothing can affect the radioactive decay process.
Nothing can alter it.
Nothing can alter that fact.
Nothing can altogether overthrow and destroy it.
Nothing can annul.
Nothing can appear in the margins.
Nothing can appear more like a software glitch than the effects of a virus.
Nothing can arouse their fears.
Nothing can be a better prescription for health than time spent in the wilderness.
Nothing can be a failure if no one has ever tried it.
Nothing can be a greater error.
Nothing can be a more glaring example of military subjugation and repression.
Nothing can be a quicker turn-off than rough, dry skin rubbing on soft vaginal tissues.
Nothing can be a substitute for that.
Nothing can be a substitute for watching children around a pool.
Nothing can be absolutely safe.
Nothing can be achieve in haste.
Nothing can be advantageous unless it is right and nothing right unless it is advantageous.
Nothing can be a-historical or timeless.
Nothing can be as bad as uncertainty.
Nothing can be as expensive as a cheap video.
Nothing can be as important to employees today as security.
Nothing can be as precious as a gift of insight and awareness that can change a life forever.
Nothing can be as real as an actual experiment.
Nothing can be as strong, nor as fragile as the player-caddie relationship.
Nothing can be better for learning than the real world.
Nothing can be better for our youth than ownership of their faith.
Nothing can be better than getting expert help at no cost to the owner.
Nothing can be better than that.
Nothing can be better.
Nothing can be both red and blue all over at the same time in the same place.
Nothing can be clear without a polar opposite.
Nothing can be clearer than that .
Nothing can be clearer than THAT .
Nothing can be clearer than that point of law.
Nothing can be clearer than that.
Nothing can be closer to the truth.
Nothing can be clung to and found to be steady and supportive.
Nothing can be compromised, especially what's inside the bellhousing.
Nothing can be dirtier.
Nothing can be Done, Everything is Possible .
Nothing can be easier or faster.
Nothing can be easier or taste better.
Nothing can be easier than being nothing.
Nothing can be easier than checking into a Web site at odd hours.
Nothing can be easier to use and understand.
Nothing can be easier.
Nothing can be ever worser than the situation our people are finding themselves in.
Nothing can be fairer than that.
Nothing can be fairer.
Nothing can be far from the truth.
Nothing can be farther from the truth about the world's biggest single infectious killer.
Nothing can be farther from the truth, for the astute client.
Nothing can be farther from the truth, the plaidie is just another name for the feile-mhor.
Nothing can be farther from the truth.
Nothing can be farther from truth.
Nothing can be finer than to be eating batter from the sweet head fries.
Nothing can be finer, also, than the commonwealth of bees in the first act.
Nothing can be fortunate or unfortunate for such an entity.
Nothing can be further from reality.
Nothing can be further from the facts.
Nothing can be further from the truth about the world's biggest single infectious killer.
Nothing can be further from the truth than that.
Nothing can be further from the truth, though.
Nothing can be further from the truth.
Nothing can be further from truth.
Nothing can be further than the truth.
Nothing can be good unless it serves a truly good end.
Nothing can be greater than the game.
Nothing can be greater.
Nothing can be in between the bumper shocks.
Nothing can be itself without everything else.
Nothing can be less true.
Nothing can be more absurd.
Nothing can be more aggravating than a natural predator to a pond.
Nothing can be more agreeable to the scope and content.
Nothing can be more alienating than exhibiting the most intimate of pleasures to a panting crowd.
Nothing can be more appropriate.
Nothing can be more basic than that which is the principal part.
Nothing can be more careless than that.
Nothing can be more certain than that every man born in slavery is born for slavery.
Nothing can be more certain.
Nothing can be more comforting.
Nothing can be more confusing than a good example, so here is one.
Nothing can be more contemptible than to suppose public records to be true.
Nothing can be more contrary to religion and the clergy than reason and common sense.
Nothing can be more cruel than to leave someone in their sin.
Nothing can be more damaging than browser errors and server hiccups.
Nothing can be more damaging to effort.
Nothing can be more damaging to the victim of rape.
Nothing can be more dangerously pathetic.
Nothing can be more daunting to a user than to be faced with a page of acronyms and no definitions.
Nothing can be more destructive to a company than a poorly planned financing.
Nothing can be more difficult and trying than to be in a love triangle.
Nothing can be more disheartening.
Nothing can be more divine than the words in the site.
Nothing can be more divisive to a team.
Nothing can be more embarrassing than a slide that shows up backwards or upside down.
Nothing can be more exciting, or exhausting, than discovering a new baby is on the way.
Nothing can be more fallacious than thi s kind of argument.
Nothing can be more fallacious than to found our political calculations on arithmetical principles.
Nothing can be more fallacious.
Nothing can be more false.
Nothing can be more frightening than a broken down vehicle far from home.
Nothing can be more frustrating than a non-functioning boiler on a cold day.
Nothing can be more frustrating than having neighbors that complain all the time.
Nothing can be more frustrating than hitting a great shot, with the wrong club.
Nothing can be more frustrating than trying to accomplish a task with the wrong tools.
Nothing can be more frustrating than trying to chop or split wood with a dull blade.
Nothing can be more frustrating.
Nothing can be more harmful to the public weal than that.
Nothing can be more horrific than losing a loved one in such a terrible way.
Nothing can be more important than an operable smoke detector.
Nothing can be more important than being in the state of grace.
Nothing can be more important.
Nothing can be more imposing than the magnificence of English park scenery.
Nothing can be more improbable than such a supposition.
Nothing can be more inconsistent with the nature of faith than a feeble, wavering assent.
Nothing can be more infamous than intellectual tyranny.
Nothing can be more miserable than the contemplation of impending death.
Nothing can be more motivating in our lives than a good role model.
Nothing can be more motivating than reading about the success and achievements of others.
Nothing can be more natural than meditation.
Nothing can be more pathetic than the meeting of the sisters.
Nothing can be more perfect.
Nothing can be more personal than the gift of aloha.
Nothing can be more picturesque or solitary.
Nothing can be more pleasant than to be met or pursued by such missives in distant countries.
Nothing can be more positive than the introduction of our sport to women and children.
Nothing can be more powerful on earth than character.
Nothing can be more precious.
Nothing can be more profitable for a person than to be one's own self.
Nothing can be more real than that which really exists.
Nothing can be more real than that.
Nothing can be more refined.
Nothing can be more remote from the truth. . . .
Nothing can be more rewarding than seeing good people succeed.
Nothing can be more rewarding than the peace and tranquility found in a shady garden.
Nothing can be more simple, nor perform it's office more perfectly for a single row.
Nothing can be more simple.
Nothing can be more stupidly false than such assertions.
Nothing can be more suicidal.
Nothing can be more tedious than a book of memoirs millions of words long.
Nothing can be more tormenting than fear.
Nothing can be more touching and exquisite than the details given here.
Nothing can be more troubling for parents than worrying if their child is developing normally.
Nothing can be more truthful than one's own words and actions.
Nothing can be more unassuming and tractable than their behaviour.
Nothing can be more uncomplicated than the wartime imperative of kill or be killed .
Nothing can be more upsetting than reading news accounts that tell half the story.
Nothing can be more valuable than having the right connections.
Nothing can be more wicked than feminine trickery.
Nothing can be more wrong.
Nothing can be more, less, sort of, rather quite, very, slightly or most unique .
Nothing can be no where.
Nothing can be nobler than to voluntary serve.
Nothing can be of greater importance then man's own spiritual salvation and success.
Nothing can be out of place.
Nothing can be outside it.
Nothing can be 'over-designed'.
Nothing can be perfect.
Nothing can be plain and simple anymore.
Nothing can be plainer than the following passages from the twenty-fifth chapter of Leviticus.
Nothing can be plainer.
Nothing can be potentially more destructive than an onslaught of unfavorable news stories.
Nothing can be quite as confusing as a pronoun with no clear antecedent.
Nothing can be quite as menacing as the deadly grin of a Tyrannosaurus.
Nothing can be quite as unnerving as moving to a foreign country.
Nothing can be relevant or applicable to the non-existent.
Nothing can be right.
Nothing can be said about it, for there is none to say anything.
Nothing can be saved on the hard drives of the classroom PC's, it automatically erases each day.
Nothing can be second rate.
Nothing can be simpler or more convenient.
Nothing can be simpler than that.
Nothing can be simpler.
Nothing can be so dangerous than pessimism.
Nothing can be so devastating than a splash of molten solder in the eye.
Nothing can be so frustrating as putting out a newsletter without any contributions from outside.
Nothing can be so simple as a neat clearing of the slate.
Nothing can be stronger than love.
Nothing can be successful without sadacara or etiquette.
Nothing can be sure.
Nothing can be sweet always, nothing can be beautiful always.
Nothing can be the greater source of happiness than our ultimate end.
Nothing can be there just for effect.
Nothing can be too little or too much.
Nothing can be truer.
Nothing can be truly beautiful unless it expresses essence.
Nothing can be under anyone s control finally unless it is inseparable from the holder.
Nothing can be virtue or true religion but obedience to the moral law . .
Nothing can be wider from the fact.
Nothing can be worse for man than to mistake the false for the true, and vice versa.
Nothing can be worse kind of water.
Nothing can be worse than beating the rooster to tailgate.
Nothing can be worse than falling sick, having a headache, fever and lying down on the bed all day.
Nothing can be worse than having a low traffic website.
Nothing can be worse than to have underestimated the performance and judging time for a contest.
Nothing can be worse than traditional detox.
Nothing can be wrong.
Nothing can beat a blend of the right music and good food.
Nothing can beat a good demonstration.
Nothing can beat a home studio.
Nothing can beat a skillet of golden brown fillets sizzling over a campfire.
Nothing can beat a soil test for accuracy.
Nothing can beat attending shows and seeing successful show kittens and cats.
Nothing can beat daily effort on any issue no matter how small it is.
Nothing can beat first hand experience.
Nothing can beat game experience.
Nothing can beat it for breadth of works published and depth of power to search and analyze.
Nothing can beat our healthy diets , and an exercise program for optimum health.
Nothing can beat our winter climate.
Nothing can beat paragliding on the right day in the right place.
Nothing can beat Poppy s sauce.
Nothing can beat standing behind a fast running sled dog team and cold weather conditions.
Nothing can beat that for faith can move mountains.
Nothing can beat that.
Nothing can beat the convenience and discounts that can be found on the Internet.
Nothing can beat the decision to act.
Nothing can beat the power of the elements.
Nothing can beat the rush of skiing the snowfields.
Nothing can beat the sight of cricketers in white flannels playing a five-day game.
Nothing can beat the system of communicating advertisement.
Nothing can beat true love, even if it's in a seemingly horrid form.
Nothing can become w hat it actually is.
Nothing can bestow a warmer integrity than the richness of fine wood.
Nothing can better attach a man to the preservation of order than the possession of a home.
Nothing can bolster the new currency the way confidence can.
Nothing can break the gloom, like a bloom in the dead of winter.
Nothing can break up a relationship faster than going into business together.
Nothing can brighten up someones day like a good smile.
Nothing can bring a business to a grinding halt faster than a network failure.
Nothing can bring a family together like financial ruin.
Nothing can bring all of that back into our physical presence.
Nothing can bring back lives, but hopefully future action can prevent future occurrences.
Nothing can bring back rockfish once their gone.
Nothing can bring back the blue crabs once their gone.
Nothing can bring back the hour Of splendor in the grass, of glory in the flower.
Nothing can bring back the oyster population once it's gone.
Nothing can bring breed doves faster than body bags do.
Nothing can bring it out like the Web.
Nothing can bring people closer together than having a service together.
Nothing can bring that back.
Nothing can bring to a city what dance can bring.
Nothing can cancel or modify the Nicene canons.
Nothing can cancel the fact that a person is saved.
Nothing can capture a student's attention like experiments on real robots.
Nothing can carry out mundane administration better than a computer.
Nothing can catch on.
Nothing can cause more hard feelings than disputes about money.
Nothing can change a community like providing a source of clean water for the first time.
Nothing can change as fast and as far as a woman.
Nothing can change it now.
Nothing can change it.
Nothing can change that conviction.
Nothing can change that fact.
Nothing can change that truth.
Nothing can change that.
Nothing can change the character of a town faster than putting in a tree.
Nothing can change the doom of the Norns.
Nothing can change the natural factors that leave Miami vulnerable to the fury of a hurricane.
Nothing can change the past, just the future.
Nothing can change the past.
Nothing can change the reality that cancer has occurred.
Nothing can change unless our voices are heard.
Nothing can change unless people tell what is wrong.
Nothing can change what happened that day.
Nothing can change what is the truth.
Nothing can change what was.
Nothing can change, however, in the absence of awareness.
Nothing can change.
Nothing can clear the room of a bunch of fun loving guys like a TV screen full of male unit.
Nothing can come against it.
Nothing can come between it.
Nothing can come between the ball and the wall.
Nothing can come close to that.
Nothing can come even close to it.
Nothing can come from nothing, is indeed sound logic.
Nothing can come from nothing.
Nothing can come into existence without it.
Nothing can come loose and it's very handy.
Nothing can come of nothing.
Nothing can come out of nothing, any more than a thing can go back to nothing.
Nothing can come to good when it is bad.
Nothing can compare to a day on beautiful Kentucky Lake.
Nothing can compare to being loved and needed by a child.
Nothing can compare to going to college near amber waves of corn.
Nothing can compare to it, inexhaustible, illimitable.
Nothing can compare to it.
Nothing can compare to mother nature.
Nothing can compare to natural teeth for function.
Nothing can compare to Paris.
Nothing can compare to that.
Nothing can compare to the beauty of our forests.
Nothing can compare to the big screen and live musical accompaniment.
Nothing can compare to the bonds of concern and commitment established within a loving congregation.
Nothing can compare to the comfort and breath ability of cotton, nature's own perfect fiber.
Nothing can compare to the dome home for the feeling of openness and spaciousness inside.
Nothing can compare to the feeling of being the center of someone s life.
Nothing can compare to the heavenly scent of a tropical water lily.
Nothing can compare to the refreshing zest of the lime in a beverage or dessert.
Nothing can compare to the savory taste of a premium quality hickory smoked turkey.
Nothing can compare to the sights and sounds of a real concert in front of live musicians.
Nothing can compare to the sweet, juicy taste of a freshly picked strawberry or blackberry.
Nothing can compare to the thrill of exploring the colorful gardens under the sea.
Nothing can compare to viewing the universe directly.
Nothing can compare with a night under the brilliant starlit skies of North Africa.
Nothing can compare with being in the river.
Nothing can compare with fast driving.
Nothing can compare with that experience.
Nothing can compare with that sight.
Nothing can compare with that.
Nothing can compare with the beauty of nature.
Nothing can compare with the chaos of combat and the combat assault was the worst.
Nothing can compare with the chaos of combat, and the combat assault was the worst.
Nothing can compare with the evidence available.
Nothing can compare with the excitement of being able to compete with the world's best debaters.
Nothing can compare with the feeling of comfort and warmth that real timber evokes.
Nothing can compare with the flexibily and freedom of a private yacht holiday.
Nothing can compare with the Irish version . . .
Nothing can compare with the knowledge and confidence gained from hands-on learning.
Nothing can compare with the vibrancy and malleability of oil paint.
Nothing can compare, nothing can compare.
Nothing can compare.
Nothing can compensate for that.
Nothing can compensate for the lack of good planning when it comes to small business development.
Nothing can compete with it.
Nothing can compete with the new fresh colourful spring leaves and the fiery autumn leaves.
Nothing can compete.
Nothing can complement an academic experience better than exposing students to community service.
Nothing can completely alleviate the fear faced by men and women exposed to incarceration.
Nothing can completely undo sun damage, although the skin can sometimes repair itself.
Nothing can condone the taking of innocent lives.
Nothing can conquer the kingdom.
Nothing can control the weather.
Nothing can cool a pitcher faster than a delay in the game.
Nothing can correct the problem once it occurs.
Nothing can cover up that much dirt.
Nothing can crash a computer like Netscape, esp.
Nothing can crush and ego like contemplating the immensity, vastness and age of the solar system.
Nothing can curb the band's passion for pucks.
Nothing can cure that.
Nothing can cure the soul but the senses, just as nothing can cure the senses but the soul.
Nothing can cure the soul but the senses.
Nothing can cure.
Nothing can dampen our spirits now.
Nothing can dampen the spirit of the holidays like preventable illnesses such as food poisoning.
Nothing can defeat an idea except a better one.
Nothing can defeat death.
Nothing can defeat the united resolve of a people with a just cause.
Nothing can deplete it.
Nothing can deprive adoptive parents of their joy.
Nothing can derail a fitness program like an injury.
Nothing can derail a plan faster than built-in obsolescence.
Nothing can derail toilet training faster than making a child feel bad for having an accident.
Nothing can describe how beautiful it is.
Nothing can describe or explain grace.
Nothing can describe what's beyond description.
Nothing can deserve more attention from the State than the dignity and welfare of workers.
Nothing can desribe it.
Nothing can destroy a business faster or more thoroughly than legal challenges.
Nothing can destroy a film more than a horrible ending.
Nothing can destroy it.
Nothing can destroy or even shake that which is firmly built on the rock.
Nothing can destroy our bonds.
Nothing can destroy our circle.
Nothing can destroy that atmosphere faster than the threat of violence.
Nothing can destroy that consciousness but itself.
Nothing can destroy that.
Nothing can dim the light that shines from within.
Nothing can dim the light which shines from within.
Nothing can diminish the horror.
Nothing can disappear more easily than a pressure group which has no pressure behind it.
Nothing can disguise it.
Nothing can disrupt a business quicker than poor employer-employee relations.
Nothing can disrupt toilet training faster than making a child feel bad for having an accident.
Nothing can distract It from that priority.
Nothing can disturb our dream.
Nothing can dive as slick as a dabchick.
Nothing can do anything which requires an infinite amount of time.
Nothing can do more than hope, and nothing can devastate more than the end of hope.
Nothing can do so much for so many as the question.
Nothing can do that as effectively as e-mail.
Nothing can do that better than a good sound beating.
Nothing can do that like other people.
Nothing can do that now.
Nothing can do that.
Nothing can do what salt does for food.
Nothing can douse a filmmaker's creative spark and limit their options quite like a big fat hit.
Nothing can drag a debate down faster than a narrowly focused diet of deadly serious argument.
Nothing can drift further than that case.
Nothing can duplicate summer dishes made from garden-ripe and seasonal ingredients.
Nothing can ease the pain.
Nothing can eliminate the effects.
Nothing can emerge from nothing.
Nothing can emit light without the input of energy in some form.
Nothing can end their friendship.
Nothing can enforce limits on resource usage.
Nothing can enhance the future of a child more than the ability to read.
Nothing can ensure the continuance of love.
Nothing can enter or leave the box.
Nothing can equal a village fiesta celebrating the patron saint's feast.
Nothing can equal an executive's willingness to listen.
Nothing can equal platinum for it's lustre and durability.
Nothing can equal the intense interest of the most ordinary walk in Africa.
Nothing can equal the pleasures of faithful and congenial friendship.
Nothing can equal the serenity of their lives.
Nothing can escalate faster than a net flame war.
Nothing can escape it, both photons and matter is inevitably pulled into the singularity.
Nothing can escape the darkness They say.
Nothing can escape the horrible destruction of an erupting volcano.
Nothing can escape the pervasive imperialism of the medical experience.
Nothing can escape the vigilant guards.
Nothing can escape.
Nothing can ever be the same again.
Nothing can ever be violent enough to make taut their slack minds and bodies.
Nothing can ever beat that feeling.
Nothing can ever break that bond.
Nothing can ever change or diminish the written Word of God.
Nothing can ever change that glorious fact.
Nothing can ever change that truth.
Nothing can ever change that.
Nothing can ever change what happened.
Nothing can ever come close to the feeling of attaining a goal like that.
Nothing can ever compare to that.
Nothing can ever compare with that moment.
Nothing can ever destroy it or take that special love away.
Nothing can EVER disappear.
Nothing can ever efface the purity of the event, of one day's supply of oil burning for eight days.
Nothing can ever fill that void, that is certain.
Nothing can ever get out of control.
Nothing can EVER go faster than the speed of light.
Nothing can ever happen then.
Nothing can ever happen twice.
Nothing can ever justify the initiation of force .
Nothing can ever outshine nature.
Nothing can ever replace a person putting ink on paper and writing a letter.
Nothing can ever replace playing live.
Nothing can ever replace safe gun handling.
Nothing can ever replace the faithful care, prayers and training of a godly mother.
Nothing can ever replace the fond childhood memories that one has, especially for the Done s.
Nothing can ever replace the local church .
Nothing can ever replace the omnipresent smile.
Nothing can ever replace the physical product show.
Nothing can ever so humble the soul as destitution and the subsistence of a beggar.
Nothing can ever take the place of a good talk.
Nothing can ever take the place of that first training.
Nothing can ever yet stop the tears.
Nothing can evoke more emotion than a display of true maternal love.
Nothing can evolve or be created with only one frame of reference.
Nothing can exceed the curiosity which dwells in woman.
Nothing can exceed the grace of their quadrilles and contra-dances.
Nothing can exceed the mendacity of the religious press.
Nothing can exceed the universal anxiety for the event of the Meeting here.
Nothing can exceed their truthfulness of likeness and life-like coloring.
Nothing can excel And birds and streams with liquid lull Have made the stillness beautiful . . . .
Nothing can exist before prana.
Nothing can exist before time and the big bang was the beginning of time.
Nothing can exist by itself.
Nothing can exist in one place and then another without having been moved .
Nothing can exist on it s own accord.
Nothing can exist there.
Nothing can exist unless it is material.
Nothing can exist which is entirely false.
Nothing can exist which possess the combination of attributes described.
Nothing can exist without a cause.
Nothing can exist without it.
Nothing can exist without their co-operation and coexistence.
Nothing can explain it.
Nothing can explain the Classical and Christian difference like a visit to our classroom.
Nothing can feast the eyes or seduce the senses more than the welcoming sight of beautiful flowers.
Nothing can fill an occupied space.
Nothing can flow from it but death and destruction.
Nothing can fly faster than it.
Nothing can fly unless the documents are current and accurate.
Nothing can follow a line except another line or the start of a new stanza.
Nothing can follow a stanza except another stanza or the end of a poem.
Nothing can follow automatically from prior classification as condition or warranty.
Nothing can force homeowners to stay put when others of a different race move in.
Nothing can frustrate even simple computer upgrades like device driver problems.
Nothing can fully compensate people for their injuries.
Nothing can fully prepare someone for the mental and physical challenges of catching.
Nothing can function without the natural resource base domestic or international.
Nothing can get as close and dearly loved to a photographer as a good, sturdy tripod.
Nothing can get closer.
Nothing can get dropped, everything is tied in.
Nothing can get in or out.
Nothing can get in the way.
Nothing can get in.
Nothing can get on parent s nerves more than a child who constantly whines for things.
Nothing can get out of hand.
Nothing can get through.
Nothing can get worse than the way our relationship is now.
Nothing can give a child such a good education as being a good reader.
Nothing can give any idea of it.
Nothing can give greater strength to marriage ties than mutual devotion and co-operation to the end.
Nothing can give more strength to a community than communication.
Nothing can go beyond it.
Nothing can go faster than the speed of light.
Nothing can go faster.
Nothing can go in or out of that doorway without passing through the doorframe.
Nothing can go on if they leave the table .
Nothing can go over a pew.
Nothing can go the same twice.
Nothing can go to market.
Nothing can go to waste.
Nothing can go wrong . . .
Nothing can go wrong there.
Nothing can go wrong with it, unless the film breaks.
Nothing can go wrong, go wrong .
Nothing can go wrong.
Nothing can grow here.
Nothing can grow in such neglected soil.
Nothing can grow in tailings.
Nothing can grow in the resulting desert.
Nothing can grow infinitely in a finite environment.
Nothing can grow on it.
Nothing can grow without nurture.
Nothing can gum up the works like staff discord.
Nothing can hang from the table.
Nothing can happen fast enough.
Nothing can happen for there can be no place and no time.
Nothing can happen in the universe before it's time.
Nothing can happen more beautiful than death.
Nothing can happen outside experience.
Nothing can happen to a database unless the postmaster process is running.
Nothing can happen until the employer knows about the injury.
Nothing can happen with remodeling until the asbestos is removed.
Nothing can happen without a dream in the first place.
Nothing can happen without public support, though.
Nothing can happen without the bidders.
Nothing can happen without the truth.
Nothing can happen.
Nothing can harm a good man, either in life or after death.
Nothing can harm it.
Nothing can harm the environment.
Nothing can have an intrinsick value.
Nothing can have any meaning, or even any existence, except in terms of something else.
Nothing can have no thickness, or no duration over time, or no height or width.
Nothing can have value without being an object of utility.
Nothing can heal it but the spear itself which gave it.
Nothing can help make someone over come a phobia like being aware of the realities surrounding it.
Nothing can help that man.
Nothing can help that.
Nothing can hide from hyperspectral imaging.
Nothing can hide the devastation that has occurred already.
Nothing can hide the fact that the Christian religion is centered on the cross.
Nothing can hold a candle to the original.
Nothing can hold Ireland back on the gaming front.
Nothing can hold people's attention for two days.
Nothing can hold the batteries in a remote like duct tape.
Nothing can hold the star up.
Nothing can hurt a school so much as a demoralized teaching staff.
Nothing can hurt it now.
Nothing can hurt it until it is born and becomes a separate organism.
Nothing can hurt it.
Nothing can hurt toons except dip.
Nothing can hurt.
Nothing can illuminate the ties of community better than the difficulty of leaving it.
Nothing can impact and change the feel of a room as quickly as a change in color.
Nothing can improve on printed media's resolution and relative permanence.
Nothing can increase it or decrease it.
Nothing can increase motivation and productivity more than an individual incentive.
Nothing can instantaneously create a tradition like Nobel's.
Nothing can interfere with the hitch or sled chain.
Nothing can intrigue an audience more deeply than high-voltage effects.
Nothing can irradicate the virus, really.
Nothing can jeopardize a successful placement like an unclear evaluation of the recruiting process.
Nothing can just be what it is.
Nothing can justify an abortion.
Nothing can justify an unforgiving spirit.
Nothing can justify elitism and sadomasochism on the part of a group that claims to be Catholic.
Nothing can justify it .
Nothing can justify it.
Nothing can justify officers drawing their guns and blazing away.
Nothing can justify Russia's brutality in Chechnya.
Nothing can justify such behavior.
Nothing can justify the atrocity they have committed.
Nothing can justify the death of innocent people.
Nothing can justify the murder of the innocent.
Nothing can keep a child in protracted infancy but disease of some sort.
Nothing can keep a person who wants to be free from going free.
Nothing can keep thee from thine own But thine own slothful mind.
Nothing can kill a dream faster than that.
Nothing can kill a marriage quicker than money arguments.
Nothing can kill a nice looking suit faster than chlorinated water in the swimming pool.
Nothing can kill a piece of writing faster than vagueness.
Nothing can kill a playoff fantasy-league team more than shocking upsets in the first round.
Nothing can kill enthusiasm for prayer more quickly.
Nothing can kill it, even the best efforts of the worst poets and critics.
Nothing can kill it.
Nothing can kill our spirit.
Nothing can kill romance faster than the word prenup.
Nothing can kill the mood of a game faster than inferior acting.
Nothing can kill the rhythm of an artfully paced movie like a courtroom sequence.
Nothing can last for too long if anything is to be gained.
Nothing can last forever.
Nothing can last.
Nothing can leave the ecosystem once it is created.
Nothing can legitimize policies that seek to destroy a people.
Nothing can lift someone's morale more than a surprise gift from family or friends.
Nothing can live in there.
Nothing can live in unbroken sunshine.
Nothing can live inside the circle.
Nothing can live where formic acid and aldehyde combine together.
Nothing can live without green light .
Nothing can live without it.
Nothing can live without water.
Nothing can liven up a web site and keep visitors coming back like a little interaction.
Nothing can look prettier than the right shade of golden brown shadow with blue eyes.
Nothing can make a city seem so unpleasant as garbage.
Nothing can make a cold last a shorter time.
Nothing can make a dead hair follicle produce new roots.
Nothing can make a golfer quite so miserable as a bushelful of three-putts.
Nothing can make a good picture stand out more than pinpoint sharpness.
Nothing can make a person more bold, strong, courageous, or secure than the doctrine of election.
Nothing can make a person more pure.
Nothing can make deep-level mining cheap.
Nothing can make either do otherwise.
Nothing can make firewood sales go up quite like temperatures going down.
Nothing can make it go away.
Nothing can make it good news.
Nothing can make it moral to destroy the best.
Nothing can make it non-dry, even a lot of moisturizer.
Nothing can make it right to persecute the sick and dying for their choice of medications.
Nothing can make one a misogynist faster than being born a woman.
Nothing can make our heart waver.
Nothing can make scars disappear.
Nothing can make someone a one-term president quicker than a recession.
Nothing can make that look good.
Nothing can make the dark turn into light for the cruel majority.
Nothing can make the ending of a pregnancy easy.
Nothing can make the point clearer than that.
Nothing can make things happen like a good media image and a strong media message.
Nothing can make up for liberty.
Nothing can make up for the horror.
Nothing can make up for the sin.
Nothing can make up for what's happened.
Nothing can mask our duty to live fully.
Nothing can mask that noise.
Nothing can mask the odor.
Nothing can match Copernic speed or ease of use.
Nothing can match double clicking to change parameters.
Nothing can match freedom for producing a huge variety of quality products at affordable prices.
Nothing can match it.
Nothing can match summertime in New York City.
Nothing can match that.
Nothing can match the cool clean taste of fresh cucumbers.
Nothing can match the excitement.
Nothing can match the exhilaration of the release of an arrow.
Nothing can match the explosive energy created in the body by pure desire.
Nothing can match the feeling of pure excitement when the wheel starts to spin.
Nothing can match the PC's adaptability.
Nothing can match the personal and economic rewards of education.
Nothing can match the spectacle, the magnificence, of a great steam engine running at speed.
Nothing can match the thrill of that feeling.
Nothing can match the thrill of watching a T-baller hit the ball, then run the wrong way.
Nothing can match the warm glow of a vacuum tube.
Nothing can match what lies ahead.
Nothing can measure up to last year.
Nothing can mess up a picture more than undesired movement or a photograph that is out of focus.
Nothing can mitigate the past.
Nothing can mitigate the proximity of tide and gale.
Nothing can more directly contribute to the depravation of the human understanding and character.
Nothing can more vividly reveal the extent and power of the organic realm.
Nothing can motivate an impulse buyer better that a pretty cover.
Nothing can move faster than light in either the three spatial dimensions or time.
Nothing can move faster than the force field in vacuum.
Nothing can move faster than the speed of light in a vacuum.
Nothing can move that way.
Nothing can move without a mover.
Nothing can nullify it and no other promise of salvation can add to it.
Nothing can open up.
Nothing can out weigh the brothers and sisters who are the chapter.
Nothing can overcome our joy then.
Nothing can overcome the sorrow of such loss.
Nothing can overlap it, nothing can underlap it.
Nothing can overtake an untruth if it has a minute's start.
Nothing can pass through it .
Nothing can pass through the sphere, inside or out, though the subject can breathe normally.
Nothing can penetrate the floor or walls of the stage or house in any way.
Nothing can perform infinitely many tasks.
Nothing can pivot out of place in a square hole.
Nothing can poison an actor's reputation like stardom.
Nothing can pollute a language.
Nothing can pollute.
Nothing can possibly be more wrong.
Nothing can possibly be too French, or too German.
Nothing can possibly ever be worse.
Nothing can precipitate a drop in price like a better deal from someone else.
Nothing can precipitate a price drop like a better deal from down the road.
Nothing can prepare an observer for a total solar eclipse.
Nothing can prepare one for the Bahamas after the bleakness of the open ocean.
Nothing can prepare someone for the oft-misconstrued lifestyle of a performing artist.
Nothing can prepare the American traveler for the huge population and resulting poverty of India.
Nothing can prevent a person from doing teshuva.
Nothing can prevent disgruntled employees from filing frivolous complaints on their own.
Nothing can prevent homeless people to move to a warmer place as they have the right to live.
Nothing can prevent infection except our own behaviour.
Nothing can prevent the euro from becoming reality.
Nothing can prevent the flames of freedom sweeping through the whole of Southern Africa.
Nothing can prevent the larger waves from breaking under such circumstances.
Nothing can prevent the result, when the needed action is taken with commitment and persistence.
Nothing can proceed from nothing.
Nothing can produce an environment of excitement and personal satisfaction like color.
Nothing can produce evil-looking type like a ditto machine.
Nothing can promise that.
Nothing can promote anxiety faster than associating with other stressed-out people.
Nothing can protect equipment from a direct lightning hit, the powers involved are so great.
Nothing can protect someone from their own bad system administration choices.
Nothing can prove everything is correct.
Nothing can prove that more than what has happened to our own current president.
Nothing can put a damper on a trip like a medical emergency.
Nothing can put the damper on a tennis season faster than an injury.
Nothing can quench or drown love.
Nothing can quite compare to the calming, hypnotic effect of babbling water and flapping fins.
Nothing can quite compare.
Nothing can quite match the peace and contentment of several hours of fishing, so they say.
Nothing can raise a baby crow as well as an adult crow.
Nothing can reach the soul like music can.
Nothing can react so fast.
Nothing can really distract or annoy a player more than dropped frames at a crucial moment.
Nothing can really go wrong.
Nothing can really hit the spot like some almond fried chicken.
Nothing can reduce stress at work as well as a feeling of camaraderie.
Nothing can remain a good program because it benefits people, or because it's the right thing to do.
Nothing can remain a solid, simple, innocent idea anymore.
Nothing can remain even for the blink of an eye.
Nothing can remain totally free forever.
Nothing can remain unless the soul is immortal.
Nothing can remove the truth.
Nothing can render affliction so insupportable as the load of sin.
Nothing can render good deeds futile except total disbelief.
Nothing can replace a family.
Nothing can replace a full-time clerical worker.
Nothing can replace a good electronic tuner.
Nothing can replace a good instructor when beginning any hobby.
Nothing can replace a good yoga instructor.
Nothing can replace a line counter reel to return the lure to the strike zone.
Nothing can replace a person s native language.
Nothing can replace a real, live, friendly reference librarian .
Nothing can replace a sound knowledge of the heavens.
Nothing can replace a student's spontaneous and personal investigations.
Nothing can replace a thorough knowledge of the ancient languages.
Nothing can replace a truly successful personal experimentation.
Nothing can replace actors.
Nothing can replace actual experience aboard a vessel.
Nothing can replace actual live communication.
Nothing can replace an actual visit to a museum, factory or place of historical interest.
Nothing can replace an elaborate spread.
Nothing can replace attending one and asking questions of the experts there.
Nothing can replace being at the festival.
Nothing can replace books but computers can bring access to more information.
Nothing can replace common sense.
Nothing can replace concentrated effort and dedication to quality work.
Nothing can replace conventional oil, gas, and coal.
Nothing can replace experience, but young people can rise to the occasion.
Nothing can replace good fortune and luck.
Nothing can replace good preaching.
Nothing can replace good supervision and leadership.
Nothing can replace ground truth.
Nothing can replace having all the players working the same game plan.
Nothing can replace in-class learning and activities.
Nothing can replace insulin, diet, and exercise.
Nothing can replace interacting with other people.
Nothing can replace interpersonal contact'.
Nothing can replace it.
Nothing can replace it's natural beauty, strength, and warmth.
Nothing can replace learning how to shoot.
Nothing can replace local heroes and role models who can talk with girls.
Nothing can replace meaningful parent, family and community involvement in education.
Nothing can replace one's own motivation, willingness to work and aptitude for the subject.
Nothing can replace on-site visits to the nursing homes.
Nothing can replace our country when it's mined.
Nothing can replace oversight and compassion.
Nothing can replace personal discussions in exchanging experiences.
Nothing can replace personal recognition and sincere appreciation.
Nothing can replace problem solving and thinking skills.
Nothing can replace professional translations.
Nothing can replace qualified teachers with high standards and a desire to teach.
Nothing can replace real contact with real people in real streets.
Nothing can replace routine care to keep fabrics looking and feeling their best.
Nothing can replace saddle time for preparing mind, body and butt.
Nothing can replace self love.
Nothing can replace sleep as a revitalizer.
Nothing can replace such experiences.
Nothing can replace supervision.
Nothing can replace that feeling.
Nothing can replace that in the world.
Nothing can replace that.
Nothing can replace the authentic deposit of Christian truth.
Nothing can replace the connection felt and kept alive by appreciative communication.
Nothing can replace the data obtained through the use of a prototype.
Nothing can replace the dog which tracks the lost, leads the blind, finds the victims of avalanches.
Nothing can replace the doing.
Nothing can replace the elegance of silk for a very large flag.
Nothing can replace the experience of interacting with a caring adult.
Nothing can replace the feeling of having fans roar their support.
Nothing can replace the feelings.
Nothing can replace the helpful guidance of a trained calligraphy professional.
Nothing can replace the home as the place where values are taught and observed.
Nothing can replace the human experience.
Nothing can replace the human spirit.
Nothing can replace the interaction with a live crowd.
Nothing can replace the judgment of a qualified health care provider.
Nothing can replace the monitoring of online sessions by parents.
Nothing can replace the mundane repetion of a baseball players batting or fielding practice.
Nothing can replace the overall effects of good health habits.
Nothing can replace the personal encounter with original works of art.
Nothing can replace the plain physical satisfaction of owning a book.
Nothing can replace the real world.
Nothing can replace the required spontaneity of the group facilitator.
Nothing can replace the richness of a streetscape that grew and changed over a period of years.
Nothing can replace the rush of a fast spin.
Nothing can replace the satisfaction and exhilaration of learning.
Nothing can replace the self-satisfaction.
Nothing can replace the smell of old books, and the beauty of turn of the century penmanship.
Nothing can replace the taste of fine butter.
Nothing can replace the three-dimensional quality of a globe for learning about our earth.
Nothing can replace the touch, the feel, the scent.
Nothing can replace the truly accurate, nuanced job that a trained human translator produces.
Nothing can replace the unique contributions they have to offer in terms of a place for meditation.
Nothing can replace the valuable experience of an extended hands on practicum.
Nothing can replace the wedding album.
Nothing can replace time at the flying field.
Nothing can replace top management leadership and support.
Nothing can replace what our bodies made naturally.
Nothing can replce teh good old fashionaed horseshoe.
Nothing can replicate the look of stone.
Nothing can represent a product better than an independent user's end results.
Nothing can represent, express, replace that annihilation adequately.
Nothing can resist it, neither nature, nor gods, nor men.
Nothing can resist it.
Nothing can resist the heat except maybe, a conceptual artist.
Nothing can resist the power of an idea whose time has come.
Nothing can restore dead nerve cells.
Nothing can return the dead.
Nothing can reverse damage that has already occurred.
Nothing can reverse it.
Nothing can reverse the damage to our water system and our food sources.
Nothing can rightly compel a simple and brave man to a vulgar sadness.
Nothing can ruin a child's Summer faster than getting sick or hurt while at camp.
Nothing can ruin a day afield like a dog chasing up birds out of range.
Nothing can ruin a fishing trip like having vehicle trouble on the road.
Nothing can ruin a globe-trotting adventure faster that a broken pack.
Nothing can ruin a good day of paintball like the loss of an eye.
Nothing can ruin a good time for a bunch of goblins faster than an accident or someone getting hurt.
Nothing can ruin a hunt like wounding game.
Nothing can ruin a landscape photo more quickly than camera shake.
Nothing can ruin a picnic or barbeque faster than wasps and yellow jackets.
Nothing can ruin a pretty picture like a messy background.
Nothing can ruin a sail faster than a foul odor from the bilge.
Nothing can ruin a site faster than an unreliable host.
Nothing can ruin a trip faster than a sip in the wrong place.
Nothing can ruin a trip quicker than a member of the group who doesn t fit in.
Nothing can ruin a vacation faster than a nasty burn, and in Hawaii, it can happen quickly.
Nothing can ruin a vacation like getting sick.
Nothing can ruin a vacation to the beach quicker than a case of sunburn.
Nothing can ruin a web page like formatting.
Nothing can ruin a week faster that foot prob lems.
Nothing can ruin an application as quickly as an outright negative letter of recommendation.
Nothing can ruin an evening faster.
Nothing can ruin melodrama faster than a scene that goes too far or becomes too obvious.
Nothing can ruin the effect of a period correct garment quicker than wearing modern glasses.
Nothing can ruin the holiday season faster than an accident or fire.
Nothing can sabotage an effort faster than disparaging commentary by a lone vice president.
Nothing can sabotage one's motivation to work out more than an injury incurred during training.
Nothing can save it except for time.
Nothing can save it.
Nothing can save public schooling in America.
Nothing can save the inferior race but a ready and pliant assimilation.
Nothing can save the poor wretch.
Nothing can save the print classified franchise.
Nothing can seem so daunting as dealing with a government agency.
Nothing can seem to halt the onward march of advertising.
Nothing can separate the fans from their seats like a hockey game.
Nothing can shatter a relationship more quickly and more completely than dishonesty.
Nothing can shock any more.
Nothing can sideline an exercise program quicker than muscle pain.
Nothing can skew a poll result more than overt coercion.
Nothing can so alienate a voter from the political system as backing a winning candidate.
Nothing can so energize a Celtic crowd as a masterfully played set of pipes.
Nothing can so pierce the soul as the uttermost sigh of the body.
Nothing can so surely break a Christian man or woman's heart than a rebellious child.
Nothing can soak in or leach out.
Nothing can sour a business relationship more quickly than idle talk from the staff.
Nothing can sour a relationship faster than a misunderstanding about money.
Nothing can speed up shop throughput faster and more economically than a proper handling system.
Nothing can spice up a web site and keep visitors coming back like a little interaction.
Nothing can spoil a dive like a case of motion sickness.
Nothing can spoil a natural look more than an off-color lipstick or mismatched blush.
Nothing can spoil a race quicker than a blister.
Nothing can spoil a trip faster than determined mosquitoes and black flies.
Nothing can spoil a trip overseas like a case of dysentery or hepatitis.
Nothing can spoil a vacation faster than a theft or illness.
Nothing can spoil it more than becoming ill.
Nothing can spoil it.
Nothing can spoil our adventure.
Nothing can spoil the fun more than a law suit because someone tripped and fell down.
Nothing can stab the conscience so wide-awake as memories of the past.
Nothing can stand against it, for it floweth from the Eternal Sea.
Nothing can stand before it.
Nothing can stand between the noun object and the verb construction.
Nothing can stand in our way.
Nothing can stand in the same condition for ever.
Nothing can stand in the way of the turbulent overwhelming flow.
Nothing can stand up to the original .
Nothing can start an argument more quickly around a house than the job jar.
Nothing can stay hidden for long.
Nothing can stay in repose.
Nothing can stay the way it is.
Nothing can stem the panic that follows.
Nothing can stop a Capricorn on a mission.
Nothing can stop a conversation more quickly than the unintentional pulling of the plug.
Nothing can stop a determined wild proso millet plant.
Nothing can stop a force or idea whose time has come.
Nothing can stop a group from putting forward a similar question on the regional level.
Nothing can stop a timely idea in the clutches of a determined people.
Nothing can stop a tobacco company from targeting a market it really wants to target.
Nothing can stop China's advance.
Nothing can stop gravitational collapse.
Nothing can stop hikers from hitting the road, on foot, bicycles or on horseback .
Nothing can stop it burbling and gurgling.
Nothing can stop it forever.
Nothing can stop it from happening.
Nothing can stop it.
Nothing can stop our growth.
Nothing can stop our invasion.
Nothing can stop our tenderness.
Nothing can stop people like that.
Nothing can stop that now.
Nothing can stop that reality.
Nothing can stop that.
Nothing can stop the Chinese people realizing the great task of unifying the national territory.
Nothing Can Stop the Course of History.
Nothing can stop the demise of mysticism.
Nothing can stop the power of a transformed life.
Nothing can stop the power of an informed citizenry when it is empowered, organized, and motivated.
Nothing can stop the power of the growing seed.
Nothing can stop the process of having the whole world as a free trade area.
Nothing can stop the reforms as the direction has been clearly set.
Nothing can stop the revolution.
Nothing can stop the rich or grassroots because they can both cant be tracked.
Nothing can stop the sand from moving.
Nothing can stop the show business.
Nothing can stop the whole game escalating until all trees are ludicrously and wastefully tall.
Nothing can stop the whole game from escalating until all trees are ludicrously and wastefully tall.
Nothing can stop.
Nothing can strain the nerves like trying to find good child care.
Nothing can substitute for a full period of class time, asking questions, and practicing problems.
Nothing can substitute for a great teacher.
Nothing can substitute for a personalized program, tailored to the individual.
Nothing can substitute for a really good human teacher.
Nothing can substitute for a well-written paper guide book, however.
Nothing can substitute for an actual ownership experience.
Nothing can substitute for dedicated individuals.
Nothing can substitute for direct involvement with a charitable group.
Nothing can substitute for experience, skill, great monitoring systems, and the best equipment.
Nothing can substitute for familial bond.
Nothing can substitute for good old fashioned parental supervision.
Nothing can substitute for hands-on experience when learning graphics programming.
Nothing can substitute for hands-on experience.
Nothing can substitute for on the job experience.
Nothing can substitute for personal morality.
Nothing can substitute for practice.
Nothing can substitute for prayer.
Nothing can substitute for the feeling of paper upon the hand or the smoothness of the printed page.
Nothing can substitute for the hands on experience of real antique furniture.
Nothing can substitute for the physical presence of an instructor in the classroom.
Nothing can substitute having the assistance of qualified professional traders every day.
Nothing can substitute the experience of actually taking a course, and sitting through the classes.
Nothing can substitute, however, for a living teacher.
Nothing can substitute, imho, for being in a room with other survivors who are healing.
Nothing can succeed that has been undertaken without reference to place and time.
Nothing can supersede having a law and regulation.
Nothing can supersede information and care.
Nothing can surpass our real generosity and charity.
Nothing can surpass that kid's pride and self-esteem.
Nothing can surpass that place for paintball.
Nothing can surpass the vigor and precision of our artillery.
Nothing can survive foraging on it, it bears no fruit, and it is painfully unattractive.
Nothing can survive outside of a patterned context.
Nothing can survive scared half the time.
Nothing can survive that.
Nothing can survive to eternity but that which came from eternity.
Nothing can survive unless it is based on the truth.
Nothing can survive, grow and flourish without water.
Nothing can take anything away from Atlanta.
Nothing can take away from a beautifully designed landscape than weeds.
Nothing can take away from how wretched the film truly is.
Nothing can take away that pain.
Nothing can take away the hidden pain, the emptiness in the heart, the hyperness in the body.
Nothing can take it away.
Nothing can take that away except our refusal to repent.
Nothing can take that away from it.
Nothing can take that away.
Nothing can take the fun out of flying quicker than turbulence.
Nothing can take the place of a free consultation with our firm.
Nothing can take the place of a local Bible-believing church.
Nothing can take the place of a systematic, consumer-oriented usability study.
Nothing can take the place of a warrior heart and soul.
Nothing can take the place of careful reading and re-reading to eliminate errors.
Nothing can take the place of choosing the correct primary gas measurement technology.
Nothing can take the place of determination.
Nothing can take the place of experience in the actual work place.
Nothing can take the place of experience.
Nothing can take the place of good legal advice from an experienced lawyer.
Nothing can take the place of healthy immune system.
Nothing can take the place of it.
Nothing can take the place of newsprint.
Nothing can take the place of persistence.
Nothing can take the place of practice for translations and doing proofs.
Nothing can take the place of proper training and quality hiring practices.
Nothing can take the place of real bike shorts with the padded liner sewn into the seat and crotch.
Nothing can take the place of skillful guideline implementation.
Nothing can take the place of the experience our seniors have had.
Nothing can take the place of time spent with our children.
Nothing can take their place.
Nothing can tame their adventurous and rebellious spirit.
Nothing can teach a person more about a period than through the words of someone who lived it.
Nothing can teach database normalization as well as own exercises.
Nothing can they alter, there is nothing to decide.
Nothing can they say.
Nothing can threaten that relationship.
Nothing can top a great read.
Nothing can top it.
Nothing can top poetry on the Net.
Nothing can top that, even if there are a few little flaws here and there.
Nothing can top that.
Nothing can top winning the Super Bowl.
Nothing can totally replace the great feeling of walking or hiking in a natural environment.
Nothing can touch it the skiing, the scenery, the experience, all are unforgettable.
Nothing can touch that feeling.
Nothing can touch that.
Nothing can transcend that.
Nothing can travel faster than light in a vacuum.
Nothing can travel faster than light, and so nothing can escape a black hole.
Nothing can travel faster than light.
Nothing can travel faster than that speed.
Nothing can travel faster than the speed of light, c .
Nothing can try to be chope, for that which tries to achieve chopeness tries in vain.
Nothing can turn a frown upside-down quicker than a cartoon can.
Nothing can turn it off.
Nothing can turn prospects off more quickly than a lethargic greeting every time they call.
Nothing can turn tragedy into comedy more easily or quickly than ineptly performed opera.
Nothing can undermine a writing center more than irresponsible tutors.
Nothing can undo the fact that the oil has spilled.
Nothing can undo the massive harm caused by past misunderstanding.
Nothing can undo what has been done.
Nothing can wash away the Real of history.
Nothing can wear a relationship down more than constant conflict.
Nothing can wipe away the stain.
Nothing can wipe out a lead faster than a tired pitcher.
Nothing can withstand an attack of several silverbacks.
Nothing can withstand it.
Nothing can withstand it's power.
Nothing can withstand such a lightning bolt.
Nothing can withstand the powers of love, laughter and imagination.
Nothing can wreck a vacation like getting sick, especially in another country.
Nothing cancels a good class quicker than everyone waiting until the last minute to register.
Nothing captivates the imagination of children and adults like stuffed animals.
Nothing captures a memory quite like a T-shirt.
Nothing captures memories like video.
Nothing captures our attention quite like a good story.
Nothing captures that aspect of the mystique more than a solid, jaw-breaking fiction.
Nothing captures the carefree days of summer like vintage travel posters.
Nothing captures the essence of a decade like music.
Nothing captures the essence of that great effort more than The Steel Penny.
Nothing captures the experience of scuba diving better than photography.
Nothing captures the holiday mood better than beautiful images of nature at work.
Nothing captures the imagination and leaves a good impression like quality images.
Nothing captures the mood better than the gloom faces that dot the crannies.
Nothing captures the public's imagination like a libel trial.
Nothing captures the seventies better than the Saturday Night Fever Soundtrack.
Nothing captures the spirit of love like the rose.
Nothing captures the true feelings of romance like a love song.
Nothing carries a message from an electron to a photon.
Nothing casts doubt on the court's impartiality.
Nothing catches a woman's fancy like jewellery.
Nothing catches an employer's attention more than a lack of references.
Nothing catches the eye here.
Nothing catches the eye like animation.
Nothing catches the eye quite like a pair of mammalian protuberances.
Nothing catches the high-low hyperreality of Vegas better.
Nothing catches the roving eye quicker than a word that promises a direct benefit.
Nothing catches their eye.
Nothing causes a change in behaviour like survival.
Nothing causes an antipathy to integration more than a good healthy dose of it.
Nothing causes Chambers more restless nights than worry over how to serve customers better.
Nothing causes chaos in the kitchen like a small child.
Nothing causes everything.
Nothing causes infection more than bandaging an unclean wound, even if it contains no visible dirt.
Nothing causes it.
Nothing causes more angst.
Nothing causes more dissatisfaction and anger than students' perceptions that the teacher is unfair.
Nothing causes more frustration or dampens enthusiasm than unproductive meetings.
Nothing causes more headaches for transportation users and mangers than traffic incidents.
Nothing causes more human misery or ends more lives prematurely.
Nothing causes more illnesses to the body than an improper diet.
Nothing causes problems like success, either.
Nothing causes so much fuss as people about to relax .
Nothing causes stress like perfectionism.
Nothing causes visitors to leave a site quicker than slow response time.
Nothing caves in or falls off the end.
Nothing ceases but stress.
Nothing ceases to exist without going through the process of destruction.
Nothing celebrate none guide whatever bunch so entrance fetch around any link.
Nothing celebrates cheese, like cheese.
Nothing cements a friendship like smacking each other around for a few rounds.
Nothing cements a relationship like the rare plea for assistance.
Nothing cements the faith of a student like a missions experience.
Nothing challenges a hunter's mental capabilities more than a bear hunt.
Nothing challenges the status quo, and the status quo is, well, pleasant.
Nothing changes a business like a merger or acquisition.
Nothing changes a couple's life like the birth of a child.
Nothing changes a lot.
Nothing changes about content availability.
Nothing changes about the program, about the routine, about the man.
Nothing changes anymore.
Nothing changes anyway.
Nothing changes as a patient grows older.
Nothing changes faster than retail.
Nothing changes for males who mark.
Nothing changes for parent nodes of children, they all keep their own transformations untouched.
Nothing changes for the better without action.
Nothing changes for the borrower.
Nothing changes for the world.
Nothing changes from year to year.
Nothing changes here.
Nothing changes if nothing changes.
Nothing changes in boxing.
Nothing changes in that respect.
Nothing changes in that sense.
Nothing changes in the conspiracy.
Nothing changes in the structure of the ministry, a non-profit company.
Nothing changes instantaneously.
Nothing changes instantly.
Nothing changes more quickly than networking.
Nothing changes much from day to day, except that the haze gets thicker.
Nothing changes New Years day.
Nothing changes Nobody protests Nobody speaks.
Nothing changes now.
Nothing changes on it as it is basically an archive.
Nothing changes on New Year's Day, as the man says.
Nothing changes on New Year's day.
Nothing changes on New Year's Day.
Nothing changes on the desktop.
Nothing changes on the screen, although resources are being used.
Nothing changes only the wind blows from a different angle, and all is perfected.
Nothing changes 'outside,' just 'inside'.
Nothing changes over time, it seems.
Nothing changes regarding our deadlines and publication dates.
Nothing changes simply because it is for first place.
Nothing changes that in the current bills.
Nothing changes that or detracts from that.
Nothing changes that the fact that the president is illegitimate.
Nothing changes that.
Nothing changes the end point.
Nothing changes the gender equation more significantly than women's economic freedom.
Nothing changes the mood of a room like lighting.
Nothing changes the outcome of a battle faster than captured artillery.
Nothing changes the problem.
Nothing changes through the practice of forgive and forget .
Nothing changes today.
Nothing changes too much.
Nothing changes until next year.
Nothing changes until our ideas change.
Nothing changes until someone is desperate for change.
Nothing changes until someone is dissatisfied.
Nothing changes until the muscle is treated.
Nothing changes what is done.
Nothing changes when nothing changes.
Nothing changes when they go to their bench.
Nothing changes with blaming.
Nothing changes with human nature.
Nothing changes with other airfoil but the contents of graphs and the parameters values.
Nothing changes with other airfoil but the contents of graphs.
Nothing changes with respect to the university judicial system.
Nothing changes without motion.
Nothing characterizes humanity more than the ability to use language.
Nothing characterizes the entrepreneurial spirit better than the unshakable belief in self.
Nothing characterizes the nature of humankind more than the ability to use language.
Nothing characterizes the nature of humans more than the ability to use languge.
Nothing charms a girl more than a string of perl.
Nothing checks it or kills it.
Nothing cheers a Democratic president like signing away other people's money.
Nothing childish about that.
Nothing chills faster or keeps beverages fresher for longer than the amazing aluminum can.
Nothing chills nonsense like exposure to air.
Nothing chokes an image setter faster than a graphic with embedded fonts.
Nothing chokes an imagesetter faster than a graphic with embedded fonts.
Nothing claims more human lives than abortion.
Nothing clarifies our thinking more quickly than paper and pencil.
Nothing cleans a cut or scrape like hydrogen peroxide.
Nothing cleans away copper fouling better or faster.
Nothing cleans faster, safer, or more thoroughly than ultrasonic cleaning.
Nothing cleans like a steam buggy.
Nothing cleans water better than sand.
Nothing cleanses one's colon but one's colon itself.
Nothing clears a crowded beach faster.
Nothing clears cobwebs from the mind like endless road and a motorcycle.
Nothing clears the hazy clouds of the flesh better than fasting.
Nothing clears the mind better than getting on a ferry and breathing in that fresh sea air.
Nothing clears the mind like a good ride.
Nothing clears up a case so much as stating it to another person.
Nothing clicks .
Nothing closes down the discussion faster than defensiveness.
Nothing closes into Cash.
Nothing clouds it.
Nothing coding related goes here.
Nothing collect womens satin pajamas of an breadth but it admire someone hunt at spin.
Nothing come out of the claimant's current monthly benefits.
Nothing comes about without a proper plan.
Nothing comes all at once.
Nothing comes automatically.
Nothing comes back.
Nothing comes before something.
Nothing comes between family.
Nothing comes between the artist and the painting.
Nothing comes between the object and the image except a lens.
Nothing comes cheap.
Nothing comes close around here because of the bread.
Nothing comes close in resolution or tonal separation.
Nothing Comes Close' is the tag line.
Nothing comes close to actually personnally experiencing totality - no photo, no video, nothing.
Nothing comes close to covering the cost of ltc.
Nothing comes close to diamond in hardness.
Nothing comes close to exploring the river or fishing by moonlight.
Nothing comes close to it.
Nothing comes close to it's speed and versatility.
Nothing comes close to providing the spectrum of health benefits that SAMe provides for the liver.
Nothing comes close to the adrenaline rush, fear, focus and thrill of road racing motorcycles.
Nothing comes close to the beautiful, rich dazzle of our Glorious Gold.
Nothing comes close to the excitement of starting a new company and building it up.
Nothing comes close to the performance.
Nothing comes close to the physics-based game engine.
Nothing comes close to the real thing.
Nothing comes close to the term three eternal persons .
Nothing comes close to the value for money.
Nothing comes close to their wedding cake photos page.
Nothing comes close to video for learning about tropical fishes.
Nothing comes close when quality, power and price are taken into account.
Nothing comes close.
Nothing Comes Close.
Nothing comes closer to actually being there.
Nothing comes closer to heresy in financial circles than bad-mouthing index funds.
Nothing comes closer to meshing different flavors than the old standby, the stir-fry.
Nothing comes closer to reality.
Nothing comes closer to the real thing.
Nothing comes early.
Nothing comes easily when the world is ending.
Nothing comes easily, yet items of great passion or interest seem to fly by.
Nothing comes easy and nothing is free.
Nothing comes easy and there is a learning curve.
Nothing comes easy in life and that includes success from affiliate marketing.
Nothing comes easy in the Big Ten.
Nothing comes easy now but the appreciation is incredible.
Nothing comes easy though.
Nothing comes easy when it comes to increased liability to the county.
Nothing comes easy when they face each other.
Nothing comes easy, and no one is able to be a star their first time out.
Nothing comes easy, cheap or free.
Nothing comes easy, however, and there are always challenges.
Nothing comes easy, including interpretations.
Nothing comes easy, peace of mind, especially.
Nothing comes easy. . .
Nothing comes easy.
Nothing comes effortless.
Nothing comes even close to it in importance.
Nothing comes for free . . .
Nothing comes for free, and view state is no exception.
Nothing comes for free, of course.
Nothing comes for free, they say.
Nothing comes for free.
Nothing comes for nothing.
Nothing comes free.
Nothing comes from a factory.
Nothing comes from nothing.
Nothing comes from off the shelf, and nothing resembles a production motorcycle.
Nothing comes from the free kick for the home side.
Nothing comes from the sky.
Nothing comes in between that.
Nothing comes in the first night.
Nothing comes in, and nothing goes out.
Nothing comes into existence with out a cause.
Nothing comes into the facility without being checked thoroughly.
Nothing comes loose, everyting stays in tune, and a-ok.
Nothing comes naturally.
Nothing comes of hatred by more hatred.
Nothing comes of it as ball just goes out.
Nothing comes of it.
Nothing comes of nothing.
Nothing comes of the idea.
Nothing comes of the plan.
Nothing comes of the suggestion.
Nothing comes off on the cotton.
Nothing comes off without a screwdriver, including the top cover.
Nothing comes out at the prescribed date.
Nothing comes out for expenses.
Nothing comes out of a bag or a micro-wave.
Nothing comes out of a can or jar.
Nothing comes out of a can.
Nothing comes out of Cleveland but injuries.
Nothing comes out of left field somewhere.
Nothing comes out of the boy.
Nothing comes out of the desert but oil, lies, and locust.
Nothing comes out of the package and goes into the water without tinkering.
Nothing comes out perfect the first time for most writers.
Nothing comes out unless the handle is pulled.
Nothing comes out.
Nothing comes that easily to hand in martial technique as a rule.
Nothing comes through.
Nothing comes to a dreamer, but a dream.
Nothing comes to anyone without practice and reading another person is no different.
Nothing comes to be whether from itself or from another.
Nothing comes to mind after several minutes of pondering.
Nothing comes to mind until the rellies come to visit.
Nothing comes to mind, anyway.
Nothing comes to mind, off-hand.
Nothing comes to mind.
Nothing comes to thee new or strange.
Nothing comes up and says 'Document done'.
Nothing comes up as marked.
Nothing comes up in the list.
Nothing comes up.
Nothing comes upstream.
Nothing comes very quickly.
Nothing comes with a guarantee.
Nothing comes without a price, that if done right, is well worth it.
Nothing comes without a price.
Nothing comes without a struggle.
Nothing comes without hard work.
Nothing comes wrong to a hungry man.
Nothing comforts more than warm drinks and chow after slogging through cold days.
Nothing commands respect more than competency.
Nothing communicates a company or product's image better than an unique an professional logo design.
Nothing communicates more powerfully and quickly than an image does.
Nothing compares for quality, how fast the product goes up, and the floor plan flexibility.
Nothing compares to a black and white photograph for giving a feeling of veracity.
Nothing compares to a captivated audience responding to an interactive media experience.
Nothing compares to a change of scenery, of pace, of company in setting a positive emotional tone.
Nothing compares to a GOOD forensic composite artist who can draw the image by hand.
Nothing compares to a great tennis workout.
Nothing compares to a homemade salsa.
Nothing compares to a human.
Nothing compares to a relaxing neck massage.
Nothing compares to a sailing experience on the water in a classic yacht.
Nothing compares to a slampiece so read it or be sad.
Nothing compares to a syringe pump when it comes to high accuracy and ultra-low flow rates.
Nothing compares to a Utah winter.
Nothing compares to a wicked Winnipeg winter.
Nothing compares to an honest friend who is willing to listen.
Nothing compares to being a born-again believer.
Nothing compares to being left in the middle of the jungle with no flashlights.
Nothing compares to being out in front of the pack and crossing the line.
Nothing compares to Brooklyn in the middle of winter.
Nothing compares to curling up with a good book.
Nothing compares to eating a juicy, flavorful grilled hot dog on a warm summer day.
Nothing compares to exploring the world by bike or foot.
Nothing compares to feeling Alone in a big crowd.
Nothing compares to fresh ground wheat.
Nothing compares to homemade ice cream.
Nothing compares to it and nothing does what it does.
Nothing compares to it including roses, lilacs or perfume at one hundred dollars an ounce.
Nothing compares to it, and no two experiences are alike.
Nothing compares to it, nothing.
Nothing compares to it.
Nothing compares to programming the bare metal.
Nothing compares to Ravenquote.
Nothing compares to riding around Manhattan.
Nothing compares to sailing, dining, and retiring on a classic yacht.
Nothing compares to seeing vintage posters in person.
Nothing compares to standing in the sea of red and black that is the fan section.
Nothing compares to testing products in a real world environment.
Nothing compares to that feeling.
Nothing compares to that first day of school.
Nothing compares to that.
Nothing compares to the artistry and mystique of the old world. . .
Nothing compares to the baseball draft.
Nothing compares to the Bay in the moonlight.
Nothing compares to the 'City that never sleeps', New York .
Nothing compares to the comfort, convenience, privacy and service.
Nothing compares to the creativity and emotion expressed through art.
Nothing compares to the diversity offered at the college level.
Nothing compares to the easy joy of watching wading birds along the ocean.
Nothing compares to the excitement of a baby's entrance into the world.
Nothing compares to the excitement of a live symphony orchestra performance.
Nothing compares to the exhilaration of playing hockey at our facility.
Nothing compares to the experience of studying in France.
Nothing compares to the feeling that one gets when their writing project is complete.
Nothing compares to the first time.
Nothing compares to the freedom and peace of scuba diving - it's a new sensation.
Nothing compares to the freedom and peace of scuba diving.
Nothing compares to the hands-on experience learned from a qualified teacher.
Nothing compares to the healing power of home.
Nothing compares to the intensity of an erg workout.
Nothing compares to the intensity of that feeling.
Nothing compares to the lobby's relaxing and warm atmosphere after a hard day of skiing.
Nothing compares to the look, feel and smell of genuine leather.
Nothing compares to the magic of the islands, where romance abounds and nature comes to life.
Nothing compares to the passion and grace of the tango.
Nothing compares to the pleasure of an afternoon spent in the company of another collector.
Nothing compares to the power of imagination.
Nothing compares to the quality of wood and charcoals.
Nothing compares to the quiet beauty of a well set up, freshwater aquarium.
Nothing compares to the range of variety available from the nursery itself.
Nothing compares to the Samoa.
Nothing compares to the savory full-bodied taste of maple syrup.
Nothing compares to the savory, full-bodied taste of maple syrup.
Nothing compares to the sights and smells of the following places.
Nothing compares to the simplicity of the pen and paper for taking notes maybe.
Nothing compares to the sound of beautiful music.
Nothing compares to the Tarantula.
Nothing compares to the taste of fresh picked produce.
Nothing compares to the taste of freshly caught, freshly cooked fish.
Nothing compares to the taste of real Vermont maple syrup on buttermilk pancakes.
Nothing compares to the thrill of a coaster in the dark.
Nothing compares to the thrill of running fast moving rapids in a rubber raft.
Nothing compares to the traditional Indian attire- the saree.
Nothing compares to the view from the top.
Nothing compares to the warmth of brass.
Nothing compares to the warmth, comfort and romance of a natural fire.
Nothing compares to the weightless exhilaration of breathing underwater.
Nothing compares to the Western States.
Nothing compares to the wild creativity of our planet.
Nothing compares to winning.
Nothing compares when it comes to performance, durability and strength.
Nothing compares with delicious homegrown vegetables.
Nothing compares with diving in the kelp forests.
Nothing compares with food that has absorbed the flavor of good wood smoke.
Nothing compares with it.
Nothing compares with live performances of the classics.
Nothing compares with that feeling.
Nothing compares with the area.
Nothing compares with the country people.
Nothing compares with the exhilaration of flying a hovercraft over both land and water.
Nothing compares with the flavor of fresh-pressed coconut milk.
Nothing compares with the freedom and excitement of a post-doc.
Nothing compares with the fresh squeezed.
Nothing compares with the help of a decent therapist.
Nothing compares with the pageantry and thrill of live thoroughbred and harness racing.
Nothing compares with the paperweight as a bad gift.
Nothing compares with the power of being loved unconditionally.
Nothing compares with the satisfaction of a job well done.
Nothing compares with the sheer grandeur, immensity, and beauty of the Grand Canyon.
Nothing compares with the simple pleasure of a bike ride.
Nothing compares with the thrill of receiving a personalized gift.
Nothing compares, nothing.
Nothing competes with cells.
Nothing competes with it.
Nothing complements a garden more than an old-fashioned arbor.
Nothing complements a good steak like a dish of saut ed onions.
Nothing complements a perfect evening out than a comfortable ride in a limousine.
Nothing completes a great lunch like cotton candy.
Nothing completes a great yard without the life and sound of wild birds.
Nothing completes a meal like a few snare rolls.
Nothing completes an inexpensive outfit like a smile.
Nothing completes 'the look' like a garterbelt.
Nothing complicated - that's it.
Nothing compliments a chef better than wine-warmed smiles, lilting laughter, and sated spirits.
Nothing compliments a great meal better than a great wine.
Nothing compliments a pool or outdoor dining area more than great looking casual furniture.
Nothing compliments great music better than dazzling lighting effects.
Nothing compresses data better than a brand.
Nothing concentrates the mind like the prospect of a mushroom cloud on the horizon.
Nothing concentrates the mind, in other words, more than a serious economic downturn.
Nothing concerning a person is reported elsewhere unless prior consent by the person is given.
Nothing concerns humans more than the question about the nature of life and how to preserve it.
Nothing conduces more to health than abstinence and plain food, with due labor.
Nothing conduces more to health than abstinence and plain food, with due labour.
Nothing conducts heat as evenly as copper.
Nothing confers greater responsibilities.
Nothing confirms just how vital the cult was than the amount of attention paid to it by Scripture.
Nothing confronts a person with their faith like a mission trip serving others.
Nothing confuses a man more than a woman driver who does everything right.
Nothing confuses the people more than lack of clarity or aimlessness.
Nothing connects the buildings together.
Nothing consistently makes money like time.
Nothing constrains the screenplay, however.
Nothing contained here in is to be construed as providing and kind of advice.
Nothing contained here is intended to be for medical diagnosis or treatment.
Nothing contained here is intended to offend or infringe upon the rights of anyone.
Nothing contained here is to be considered diagnostic nor authoritarian in scope or meaning.
Nothing contained in the service is intended to be a substitute for medical diagnosis or treatment.
Nothing contained in the service is intended to be for medical diagnosis or treatment.
Nothing contained in the service is intended to provide a medical diagnosis or offer as treatment.
Nothing contained in the site is intended to be a substitute for medical diagnosis or treatment.
Nothing contained in the web pages is intended to be for medical diagnosis or treatment.
Nothing contained in the Website is intended to be instructional for medical diagnosis or treatment.
Nothing contains the power or the influence of love.
Nothing continues forever.
Nothing contributes more to a person's peace of mind than having no opinions at all.
Nothing contributes more to peace of soul than having no opinion at all.
Nothing contributes more to the ruin of souls than impious, weak, or uninformed clerics.
Nothing contributes more to wood deterioration than improper hardware.
Nothing contributes to marriage failure as much as poor budgeting and financial troubles.
Nothing controls from outside.
Nothing controls the mining and harvesting of consumers' personal records and data.
Nothing converts a surfer more than a free membership.
Nothing conveys holiday cheer quite like a good piece of equipage.
Nothing conveys self-confident more than good posture.
Nothing conveys the high-tech lifestyle better than a liquid crystal display.
Nothing conveys the horror of the Holocaust like photographs.
Nothing conveys tradition as beautifully as a grandfather clock.
Nothing conveys truth better than a good story.
Nothing convinces more than an involving demonstration.
Nothing convinces people more than seeing it in writing.
Nothing convinces prospects like the words of a satisfied customer.
Nothing cooks better than cast iron.
Nothing cools a golfer's dream trip like travel delays, lost luggage and reservations gone awry.
Nothing cools off a hot animal faster than cool, clean water to drink.
Nothing corresponds to anything.
Nothing corrupts a free press like conspiring to silence a man.
Nothing corrupts a man so much as being an arm of the law and making men suffer.
Nothing costs less or means more than spending time with loved ones.
Nothing costs our leaders so much of their humanity as fear of falling.
Nothing covers the whole of the Internet.
Nothing covers up mediocrity like an upward trend.
Nothing cramps a first date like the weight of the future.
Nothing cramps the driver's legs or crowds the knees.
Nothing crashes as much as a computer.
Nothing created is without a great use.
Nothing creates a better customer experience than delivering on demand.
Nothing creates a better first impression on the Web than eye-catching graphics.
Nothing creates a great band sound more than a group of people who clearly enjoy playing together.
Nothing creates a mood quite like music can.
Nothing creates a special legal regime for the womb.
Nothing creates a stronger sense of life in wildlife art than realistic textures.
Nothing creates a warm feeling in a home better than well-placed house plants.
Nothing creates an atmosphere like candles.
Nothing creates awareness and name recognition in advertising like jingles.
Nothing creates beauty like the naked truth caressed in an open mind.
Nothing creates better communication and closeness than experiencing love through touch.
Nothing creates campus camaraderie more than spirited athletic competition.
Nothing creates computer use like computer use.
Nothing creates confidence more than a winning atmosphere.
Nothing creates credibility more quickly.
Nothing creates excitement like a personal recommendation.
Nothing creates hate as hate, war as war and revenge as revenge.
Nothing creates havoc better than a roomful of bored children.
Nothing creates hopefulness out of helplessness like a successful grassroots campaign.
Nothing creates itself.
Nothing creates more holiday stress than last minute shopping and preparations.
Nothing creates positive circumstances and results more than hard work.
Nothing creates stress as effectively as incorrect information spread on the office grapevine.
Nothing creates that sensation like carbon dioxide bubbles.
Nothing creates the sense of welcome the way fine crafted outdoor furniture does.
Nothing creates, encourages and promotes violence like drug dealing.
Nothing crosses boundaries and melts walls quite as powerfully as music.
Nothing crosses the driveway other than the barrier when it is deployed.
Nothing crushes warm feelings faster than unfulfilled expectations.
Nothing cures acne overnight, but a lot can be done to minimize it and help prevent scarring.
Nothing cures cravings like revulsion.
Nothing cures insomnia like the realization that it is time to get up.
Nothing cures insomnia like the realization that it's time to get up.
Nothing cures nostalgia like growing up.
Nothing currently causes the earth to spin.
Nothing currently scheduled - please check back for updates.
Nothing cuts a grapevine deeper than a completely false story.
Nothing cuts down crime better than cutting down the criminals.
Nothing cuts to the heart of a customer more deeply and more quickly than indifference.
Nothing damages the image of a company more than displaying out of date information to the world.
Nothing dampens a gardener's enthusiasm more than the thought of spending an entire weekend weeding.
Nothing dampens a group's enthusiasm like a session with an unprepared leader.
Nothing dampens the enthusiasm of the first day faster.
Nothing dampens the yuletide spirit like a jury summons or an eviction notice.
Nothing dare be lost.
Nothing dates a home more than a cluttered, grease splattered, and water stained mess of a garage.
Nothing dates a Web site as much as an outdated calendar.
Nothing dates faster than yesterday's hi-fi or computer monitor.
Nothing dates faster, it seems, than a vision of the future.
Nothing dates one so dreadfully as to think someplace is uptown.
Nothing dazzles the eyes.
Nothing deals with stress like an optimistic outlook, and besides, no one likes a whiner.
Nothing decreases quicker than the value of a textbook.
Nothing definate as yet.
Nothing define every world.
Nothing defines a community like the people who live in it.
Nothing defines anything.
Nothing defines the elegance of the Indian woman as well as the traditional saree .
Nothing defines the image of an organisation more than correspondence received from it.
Nothing defines the relationship between Africa and the West better than the debt issue.
Nothing deflates a pump quicker than over-exercising.
Nothing degrades in fixed memory.
Nothing degrades the horror aspects more then trivializing opponents.
Nothing degrades the impression of a site more than calendars referring to old events.
Nothing delights a cub so much as an opportunity to go out sounding.
Nothing delights interviewers more than candidates who have done their homework.
Nothing delights the eye nor startles it, but the gigantism of ad posters.
Nothing delights the nonesuch more than gnawing a bone in a very dog-like manner.
Nothing delivers a message, like with flowers.
Nothing delivers like an Arctic Cat generator.
Nothing delivers the joy it seemed to promise.
Nothing demarcates one culture from another as consistently and completely as language.
Nothing demonstrates better our firm's thorough familiarity with government operations.
Nothing demonstrates our level of maturity more than the tongue.
Nothing demonstrates proof of capability quite like experience.
Nothing demonstrates response or lack thereof, to treatment as does a ultrasound scan.
Nothing demostrates the power of Web.
Nothing demotivates people faster than lack of a challenge.
Nothing demystifies a topic like conversation.
Nothing depends on anything left behind on the stack.
Nothing depends or is decided on one single event.
Nothing depicts the importance of teamwork more than that of a track and field relay team.
Nothing depresses people quicker than being around others who are depressed.
Nothing describes the place better than the word lyrical.
Nothing deserve rollerderby music like a corner once whoever catch some change beyond went.
Nothing deserves appreciation because everything does.
Nothing destroys a game's immersiveness more quickly than an inane puzzle.
Nothing destroys a good course more quickly than everyone waiting until the last minute to register.
Nothing destroys a marriage quicker than infidelity.
Nothing destroys an alliance like the disappearance of the enemy.
Nothing destroys coat and skin faster than scratching.
Nothing destroys communication more than a coach who isn t believable.
Nothing destroys computer hardware more quickly than the knock of a hand against an open beverage.
Nothing destroys confidence as much as a bored or weary sounding radio operator.
Nothing destroys cooperation, productivity and morale faster than poor communication.
Nothing destroys credibility faster than a salesperson who's unable to launch a sales presentation.
Nothing destroys credibility faster than inaccurate information.
Nothing destroys design individuality faster than televisions, which all look rather alike.
Nothing destroys everyone's credibility faster than many members all speaking in different tongues.
Nothing destroys home design like a television.
Nothing destroys human life so horribly like a loss of hope in renewal.
Nothing destroys it less than treason.
Nothing destroys Mertz more than custom.
Nothing destroys morale and unit cohesiveness as quickly as an unfair evaluation.
Nothing destroys morale like seeing the next rung of the ladder occupied by an outsider.
Nothing destroys people's confidence in writing more than trivial errors.
Nothing destroys relationships more than the quiet killer called resentment.
Nothing destroys significant change efforts more than inaction.
Nothing destroys teamwork, productivity and morale faster than poor communication.
Nothing destroys teamwork, productivity, and morale faster than poor communication.
Nothing destroys the credibility of journalists like simple mistakes.
Nothing destroys the powers of general observation quite so much as a life of experimental science.
Nothing destroys the weight of example so much as labor to make it striking and observed.
Nothing destroys unity like having too many choices.
Nothing determines taste more than real butter.
Nothing determines the quantity of coverage as much as dedicating a reporter to that coverage.
Nothing deters a potential donor like the lack of a return envelope and sufficient postage.
Nothing deters crime like the certainty of punishment.
Nothing detracts from the beauty.
Nothing detracts more from a lean and mean boardroom appearance than a turkey gobbler neck.
Nothing detracts more from the legitimacy of a document than emotional team bashing.
Nothing detracts the viewer from the lovely scenery or entertaining underwater photography.
Nothing devalues a practice more than confusion.
Nothing develops but a sign of things to come.
Nothing dies as slowly as a scene.
Nothing dies in the universe, but is transformed to a different form of service and purpose.
Nothing dies, nothing can die.
Nothing diminishes productivity more than rumors and gossip.
Nothing disappears and everything disperses.
Nothing disappears faster than the face.
Nothing disappears in the irrevocable past.
Nothing disappears, it simply changes form.
Nothing disappoints a revolutionary more than the persistent lack of injustice.
Nothing discourages a consultant more than waiting days to get a call returned.
Nothing discourages a pastor more than contention in the congregation.
Nothing discourages criminal activity like an aroused citizenry.
Nothing discourages faith more than the squabble over Bible interpretation.
Nothing discussed in the meeting goes out of the room.
Nothing dispels myths as well as facts.
Nothing displays clothing with more selling power than our forms and mannequins.
Nothing dissolves a bad mood faster than laughter.
Nothing distinguishes a social event or fund-raiser like an exciting presentation of fine foods.
Nothing distinguishes Exeter more than our teaching philosophy.
Nothing distinguishes institutions as much as the quality of the depth of their care.
Nothing distorts the truth like stretching it.
Nothing distracts one's eye from the unusual pose.
Nothing disturbs an incumbent more than a well-funded challenger.
Nothing disturbs people more than to have theircollective ideas questioned.
Nothing disturbs the beauty of the creek more than a pile of crumpled beer cans and cigarette butts.
Nothing disturbs the marabou storks at their one-legged vigil round the abattoir.
Nothing disturbs the original New England setting.
Nothing diverts attention from a cue ball head like an expensive, German sports car.
Nothing divides an indivisible nation quite as well as religion.
Nothing do extreme.
Nothing does all that in any house but prayer.
Nothing does any good.
Nothing does as much for the insides of a man than the outsides of a horse.
Nothing does but common agreement.
Nothing does it better than the net.
Nothing does it better.
Nothing does it faster or better than television.
Nothing does it like competition.
Nothing does it quite like roses.
Nothing does matter in education.
Nothing does more to control weeds, maintain soil moisture and improve the health of plants.
Nothing does more to discourage men than conversation containing a hopeless tone.
Nothing does more to sap the life of a democracy than the abuse of power.
Nothing does more to warm the body and spirit than a fire.
Nothing does surprise one in a dream.
Nothing does than more than a transformed life.
Nothing does that better than a glossy photo.
Nothing does that in print better than an exciting, evocative, book in color.
Nothing does that like success.
Nothing does that more permanently than education.
Nothing does that quite like investigative reporting.
Nothing does that, so just say no.
Nothing does that.
Nothing does the amount of damage that fire can.
Nothing does the body good like the Highland air.
Nothing does the job better than our solid copper bird feeder.
Nothing does, actually.
Nothing doing The market treads more water.
Nothing doing, say the officers unions.
Nothing dominates the American landscape like corn.
Nothing done in love, Can ever be contrite.
Nothing done out of love is useless or without merit.
Nothing drags down a loser more than when losing appears imminent once again.
Nothing drains a reservoir more quickly than a broken gauge.
Nothing drains a savings account like a ski vacation.
Nothing draw whom avoid several time though ink completed across many samsonite lawn furniture.
Nothing drawn outside the window's structure region is visible.
Nothing draws a crowd like airplay.
Nothing draws a readers eye like great foil stamping.
Nothing draws attention in America like the big pre-planned sports event.
Nothing draws business better than smart advertising.
Nothing draws human focus quite like a whisper.
Nothing draws students into a course as much as the teacher's love for the subject matter.
Nothing draws viewers to TV on a sustained basis like pro football.
Nothing dresses up a dull business document like a splash of color.
Nothing dresses up the entry to a home like beveled glass.
Nothing dries out aboard the catamaran, there are constant blasts of spray.
Nothing drives a captain more insane than late teammates.
Nothing drives away technical people faster than fear, uncertainty, and doubt.
Nothing drives home the monotony better than a scene in which visitors have arrived.
Nothing drives people back to a web site like constantly changing content.
Nothing drives the message home more clearly than when a person undergoes suffering.
Nothing drives the point home better than studying the timeline of basic technology.
Nothing drives theory better than a good applied problem.
Nothing drives two people apart like financial disagreements, especially when kids are involved.
Nothing drives up a price like a bidding war.
Nothing drives up construction costs more than changes .
Nothing drives users away, never to return, like flashing text, or abuse of animated gifs can.
Nothing drop everybody afford one liberty hence poison flash with many atari teenage riot.
Nothing drops out.
Nothing dulls the edge of a new and clever cartoon like saturing the market with it.
Nothing dulls the edge of a new and clever cartoon like suturing the market with it.
Nothing earn quite some snowmobiles about an debt.
Nothing earns respect more quickly than to be a greedy consumer.
Nothing eases stress more than exercise.
Nothing eases the terror.
Nothing eats disk space faster than users believing that servers equal unlimited storage.
Nothing eats it, nor is it susceptible to any diseases.
Nothing eats it.
Nothing eats the diamond leaf willow.
Nothing eats the pasque flower.
Nothing eats up space and delays downloading like GIFs and JPGs.
Nothing elevates the interior design of a room like well-executed stencil borders.
Nothing elicits dominant behavior like subservient behavior.
Nothing elicits envy today like a portable digital-music player.
Nothing elite about it.
Nothing eludes the WebRider .
Nothing embodies freedom more than entrepreneurs.
Nothing embodies the spirit of the islands like Hawaiian music.
Nothing emerges from a historical vacuum.
Nothing empowers a shopper more than getting the best deal.
Nothing enables the individual to steer for less.
Nothing encapsulates the Victorian character better than the dome.
Nothing enchants the cat lover like watching an enchanted cat.
Nothing encourages a future purchase like a previous purchase gone right.
Nothing encourages a poet more than a responsive reader.
Nothing encourages a talker more than an active listener.
Nothing encourages accountability like openness.
Nothing encourages an easier social encounter.
Nothing encourages creative thinking in quite the same way.
Nothing encourages creative thinking in quite the same.
Nothing encourages creativity like the chance to fall flat on one's face.
Nothing encourages creativity like twenty pounds of napalm in a mailbox.
Nothing encourages people to be lazy more than welfare.
Nothing endangers the liberty and freedoms of the ordinary citizen more than the cops.
Nothing ends nicely, that's why it ends.
Nothing ends up in landfill sites, especially mainframe computers.
Nothing ends up in trashcans, they end up in used record stores.
Nothing ends winter like bending a fishing rod.
Nothing endures . . .
Nothing endures like winter and spring.
Nothing endures longer as a family heirloom than a painted portrait.
Nothing enhances a garden like the sound of water .
Nothing enhances a special event like the elegance and versatility of piano music.
Nothing enhances a student's learning like a hands-on experience.
Nothing enhances productivity more than knowing who has what question.
Nothing enhances the beauty of ballet more than a live orchestra.
Nothing enhances the enjoyment of our craft more than working with the finest wood.
Nothing enhances the mood like music.
Nothing enhances the pleasure of equitation then belonging to a cohesive group of riders.
Nothing enhances the portability of an electronic product like reducing power consumption.
Nothing enhances workplace productivity more than a high-trust environment.
Nothing ennobles a man so much as fighting for the right.
Nothing ennobles a young mind more than learning about painting, sculpture, music, drama and dance.
Nothing enriches others like the free gift of suffering.
Nothing ensures a smooth running event better than an experienced technician.
Nothing ensures being loved more than kindness.
Nothing ensures Canada's status quo quite so effectively as our enforced silence.
Nothing ensures success more than prompt, courteous follow up.
Nothing ensures the quality of an ethnic restaurant so much as an active ethnic community.
Nothing Enter any other comments or questions here.
Nothing enters into the transaction save performance measured in the shop and in the laboratory.
Nothing entertains better than tea.
Nothing entertains like a good lie.
Nothing entertains or raises school spirit like our very own band .
Nothing entices customers to an area more than a brightly lighted, thriving downtown region.
Nothing epitomizes grace and balance like a ballerina, and a good wife even more so.
Nothing epitomizes individual human creativity as well as software, being the product of pure mind.
Nothing epitomizes modern life better than the computer.
Nothing epitomizes the American experience like suburbia - the quintessence of the goldena medina.
Nothing equals a frosty wedge of key lime pie.
Nothing equals another thing equals another equals another.
Nothing equals the affection which the savages have for their children.
Nothing equals the beauty of wood.
Nothing equals the charm of traditional handmade ornaments.
Nothing equals the computer for making the world a much smaller place.
Nothing equals the excitement of discovery when one uncovers a fossil of an amazingly old creature.
Nothing equals the roominess, performance and smooth ride.
Nothing equals the splendor of our red sword battling for the first time in the millennial gloom.
Nothing equals their comfort and they are more durable than cowhide gloves.
Nothing escalates a seemingly simple issue like silence to good-faith questions.
Nothing escalates anger faster than having it discounted.
Nothing escape they row the capital yet delivery tell past either pricing baseball card.
Nothing escapes a good integrator.
Nothing escapes our internal quality checks.
Nothing escapes public censure and cheap gimmicks recoil on the sources from where they originate.
Nothing escapes the schooled eyes of the quality control specialists.
Nothing escapes the scrutiny of readers.
Nothing escapes the set decorator's eye.
Nothing escapes the vigilant eyes of wisdom.
Nothing escapes their attention to detail from lighting levels to drinks for the talent.
Nothing escapes their black costumes.
Nothing escapes their hands.
Nothing escapes their perfectionist's eye.
Nothing escapes their witty song parodies, costumed skits, and stand-up potshots.
Nothing especially stands out as unique, just a rock solid map with great bots.
Nothing establishes the mood of a room like color.
Nothing even comes close despite an almost complete change of actors, directors, and producers.
Nothing even comes close for image processing and manipulation.
Nothing even comes close for quality and versatility.
Nothing even comes close to it.
Nothing even comes close to the finished quality of the kit.
Nothing even comes close, yet.
Nothing even comes close.
Nothing even comes in a close second.
Nothing even gives a hint of how alive Eagle City used to be.
Nothing even loads up.
Nothing even seems out of the ordinary.
Nothing ever appeals, and everything's just fine at the same time.
Nothing ever becomes aural wallpaper.
Nothing ever becomes real till it is experienced.
Nothing ever begins.
Nothing ever belongs to one man or to any group of men as a private possession.
Nothing ever breaks free from here.
Nothing ever burns down by itself Wide variety of protest art and posters from California.
Nothing ever burns down by itself.
Nothing ever changes .
Nothing ever changes about crowded highways Too many vehicles.
Nothing ever changes because of surveys.
Nothing ever changes in Ireland.
Nothing ever changes in Scientology.
Nothing ever changes in the eternal Catholic doctrine.
Nothing ever changes until something tragic happens.
Nothing ever changes with garbage.
Nothing ever changes with grandparents.
Nothing ever changes, unless it dies out.
Nothing ever changes.
Nothing ever comes easy at the state tournament.
Nothing ever comes easy in match play.
Nothing ever comes easy to Native people.
Nothing ever comes easy.
Nothing ever comes of it, but still they press on.
Nothing ever comes of it.
Nothing ever comes out on time or according to plan.
Nothing ever comes to one, that is worth having, except as a result of hard work.
Nothing ever comes with a mohawk.
Nothing ever crashes so long as no one touches it.
Nothing ever dares.
Nothing ever delivers the joy it seemed to promise.
Nothing ever dies from the outside.
Nothing ever disappears from the Internet.
Nothing ever does.
Nothing ever ends.
Nothing ever fits just right.
Nothing ever gets anywhere.
Nothing ever gets simpler as it gets bigger.
Nothing ever gets simpler.
Nothing ever goes as planned, it's a hell of a notion.
Nothing ever goes as planned.
Nothing ever goes away.
Nothing ever goes on here.
Nothing ever goes perfect in track.
Nothing ever goes perfectly on the weekends.
Nothing ever goes right.
Nothing ever goes too far.
Nothing ever goes up in a straight line.
Nothing ever happens according to pre-determined plans or expectations.
Nothing ever happens and how it does.
Nothing Ever Happens Around Here.
Nothing ever happens because there's no discipline in running the meeting.
Nothing ever happens by chance.
Nothing ever happens by mere chance or casual incident.
Nothing ever happens exactly as hoped for.
Nothing ever happens here.
Nothing ever happens in a relationship if neither of the two can show their feelings.
Nothing ever happens in a vacuum.
Nothing ever happens in Chile.
Nothing ever happens in general.
Nothing ever happens in Key Center, keep on driving.
Nothing ever happens on schedule around here.
Nothing Ever Happens On Schedule.
Nothing ever happens the same way twice.
Nothing ever happens the same way.
Nothing ever happens there.
Nothing ever happens to keep the play moving.
Nothing ever happens to the brave.
Nothing ever happens to the bully.
Nothing ever happens without a cause or, rather, a chain of causes.
Nothing ever happens without a cause.
Nothing ever happens without a reason or without prior causes.
Nothing ever happens, nothing ever changes.
Nothing ever happens.
Nothing ever has or can go wrong.
Nothing ever helps.
Nothing ever holds still.
Nothing ever invented provides such sustenance, such infinite reward for time spent as a good book.
Nothing ever invented provides such sustenance, such infinite reward for time spent, as a good book.
Nothing ever is a problem here.
Nothing ever is where sinful human beings are concerned.
Nothing ever is with travelling, it seems.
Nothing ever is.
Nothing ever lasts forever.
Nothing ever matters If nothing has a meaning And love is just a word that singers sing.
Nothing ever moves the story forward.
Nothing ever reaches critical mass.
Nothing ever runs as root.
Nothing ever seems directly comparable to something else.
Nothing ever seems to be finally settled.
Nothing ever seems to be happening.
Nothing ever seems to change except the faculty.
Nothing ever seems to get settled.
Nothing ever seems to go away it just keeps reappearing riding the crest of another wave.
Nothing ever seems to go quite right.
Nothing ever seems to go right.
Nothing ever seems to go wrong.
Nothing ever seems to happen because it's rumor.
Nothing ever seems to slow down - including the drivers.
Nothing ever seems to stay the same.
Nothing ever settles for long in the Golden State.
Nothing ever sounds excessive or pedestrian here.
Nothing ever sounds out of place.
Nothing ever speaks to an audience more than genuine players.
Nothing ever stands still.
Nothing ever stays the same and that goes for being rich, too.
Nothing ever stays the same in business, and that is especially so on the Internet.
Nothing ever stays the same in nature.
Nothing ever stays the same season to season.
Nothing ever stays the same, even from one moment to the next.
Nothing ever stays the same, most especially the livestock business.
Nothing ever stays the same, the world evolves.
Nothing ever stays the same.
Nothing ever succeeds in our poor Russia.
Nothing ever suits one who is always changing.
Nothing ever tells a story like a picture.
Nothing ever works faster, it just does more.
Nothing ever works on it.
Nothing ever works out in real life quite the way it was supposed to.
Nothing ever works perfectly for everybody.
Nothing ever works right the first time.
Nothing ever works that way.
Nothing ever works.
Nothing evokes a lazy summer evening like Sangria.
Nothing evokes a more emotional response than a low bid.
Nothing evokes a sense of smoke and burning like brimstone.
Nothing evokes memories of past Christmases like the smell of pine.
Nothing evokes memory like smell.
Nothing evokes the golden days of summer like the aroma of food cooking on a hot grill.
Nothing evolves overnight.
Nothing evovles in Kansas.
Nothing exacerbates poverty more than war.
Nothing exasperates the loss of dignity than an empty stomach.
Nothing exceeds excess.
Nothing exceeds like excess.
Nothing exceeds like success, as they say.
Nothing exceeds like success.
Nothing exceeds the excess.
Nothing exceeds the sanctity of the Torah scroll.
Nothing excites a child any more than for parents to be heard cheering in the bleachers.
Nothing excites a muskie as much as a nice lively kitten.
Nothing excites a sales manager as much as a serious buyer, so stay personal when possible.
Nothing excites Checkers more than a brisk fall morning on the Mississippi and the sound of gunfire.
Nothing excites children more then the arrival of their school memory book.
Nothing excites communal passions more than violence and disorder.
Nothing excites swimmers and polo players more than a good coach.
Nothing excites the passion of golfers like golf stories shared with fellow golfers.
Nothing excuses the medical profession from providing the highest quality of care to the elderly.
Nothing executes faster than a deleted instruction.
Nothing exemplifies human life quite so strongly as a beating heart.
Nothing exemplifies the Hawaiian lifestyle like a day on the water.
Nothing exerts a force on a photon.
Nothing exist except through human consciousness.
Nothing exists after gymnastics.
Nothing exists all by itself.
Nothing exists alone.
Nothing exists apart from it.
Nothing exists apart from themselves.
Nothing exists at present.
Nothing exists beyond what our senses perceive.
Nothing exists but as it is perceived.
Nothing exists but ideas.
Nothing exists by itself or for itself.
Nothing exists by itself, in itself.
Nothing exists by itself.
Nothing exists essentially.
Nothing exists except as a relation with other similarly postulated ideas.
Nothing exists except either as a spirit or as an object of representation.
Nothing exists except for the ball and everything in it.
Nothing exists except for the batter and catcher.
Nothing exists except in relationship with all other things.
Nothing exists except in time.
Nothing exists for it except what lies along the line of which it is conscious.
Nothing exists for it's own benefit.
Nothing exists for itself.
Nothing exists in a vacuum.
Nothing exists in isolation.
Nothing exists in itself.
Nothing exists in one's world, until it is observed.
Nothing exists in the entire world that can compare.
Nothing exists in the universe that is separate from anything else.
Nothing exists like it.
Nothing exists on the Internet that compares to our site.
Nothing exists or can exist without a source from which it springs.
Nothing exists outside of discourse.
Nothing exists outside of 'it'.
Nothing exists outside of it.
Nothing exists outside relationships.
Nothing exists outside the game space.
Nothing exists save atoms and the void.
Nothing exists separately.
Nothing exists there yet.
Nothing exists through nothing.
Nothing exists to interfere with it and nothing to induce it to take diverging path.
Nothing exists until or unless it is observed.
Nothing exists without a supporting spectrum of incidences and occurrences.
Nothing exists without each other.
Nothing exists without going through the process of construction.
Nothing exists without it.
Nothing exists without light.
Nothing exists without the triple principle.
Nothing exists, but atoms and empty space.
Nothing exists, ever.
Nothing explains a text so well as another text.
Nothing explains nothing.
Nothing explains the wonders of the universe better than a story.
Nothing exposes our self-centeredness more clearly than anger.
Nothing expresses a sense of dependency like prayer does.
Nothing expresses personal sentiments better than roses, and they re always in style.
Nothing facilitates learning quite like a safe, secure school environment.
Nothing facilitates their getting together.
Nothing fails as much as Christian prayers.
Nothing fails as often or as totally as prayer fails.
Nothing fails faster than negativism.
Nothing fails however, like success.
Nothing fails like prayer.
Nothing fails like success.
Nothing fails like the appearance of failure.
Nothing fails to dabble in hip-hop.
Nothing fails, or obviously drifts.
Nothing falls out.
Nothing falls outside their boundaries.
Nothing falls through the cracks.
Nothing farther is in the case.
Nothing fascinates kids more than trucks, police cars, fire engines and other types of vehicles.
Nothing fazes that bunch.
Nothing fazes the kid.
Nothing feeds ethnic tensions more than grinding poverty.
Nothing feeds the human soul like the arts.
Nothing feel some do the importance otherwise dust laid beyond all heat in the hood.
Nothing feel some do the importance otherwise dust laid beyond all news movies.
Nothing feel some do the importance otherwise dust laid beyond all psychic tv.
Nothing feels any different.
Nothing feels as good as giving.
Nothing feels as good as receiving a gift certificate from one of our beauty and spa partners.
Nothing feels as good as receiving a gift certificate from one of their beauty and spa partners.
Nothing feels better after a day on the slopes.
Nothing feels better at the end of a long day than a great foot massage.
Nothing feels better for a child than to feel needed and useful.
Nothing feels better in the chill of winter than a cozy home or office.
Nothing feels better than a fresh outfit after a hot and sticky day.
Nothing feels better than a good laugh.
Nothing feels better than a relaxing foot or hand reflex treatment.
Nothing feels better than a trip into the meadows.
Nothing feels better than being able to help someone less fortunate.
Nothing feels better than cozy fleece as winter settles in.
Nothing feels better than cozy fleece on cool days.
Nothing feels better than cozy fleece on cool fall days.
Nothing feels better than finding a profitable setup based on a bad trade.
Nothing feels better than freshly cleaned and conditioned leather seats.
Nothing feels better than giving back.
Nothing feels better than kicking someone when they are down.
Nothing feels better than receiving a smile from a very cute stranger.
Nothing feels better than running touchdowns.
Nothing feels blessed about being broken.
Nothing feels cheap.
Nothing feels comfortable at address.
Nothing feels contrived and the words are sensitive and genuine.
Nothing feels different, absolutely nothing.
Nothing feels exactly right.
Nothing feels familiar, either.
Nothing feels fresh and new anymore.
Nothing feels glorified here.
Nothing feels good, nothing is pretty.
Nothing feels good.
Nothing feels gratuitous.
Nothing feels like control quite like power.
Nothing feels like fine diamond jewelry.
Nothing feels like fine diamonds.
Nothing feels like it was before, and for many women the overwhelming feeling is one of aloneness.
Nothing feels like nothing.
Nothing feels more like summer than being outside under the stars for a great concert.
Nothing feels more relaxing than one of our super cushion,highly resilient latex mattresses.
Nothing feels nicer on bare feet than to shuffle through a lush, thick carpet.
Nothing feels old enough.
Nothing feels original.
Nothing feels out of the ordinary.
Nothing feels overly polished or slick here.
Nothing feels quite like lace.
Nothing feels quite like the 'blad though.
Nothing feels quite real.
Nothing feels quite the same.
Nothing feels real.
Nothing feels right.
Nothing feels the same anymore.
Nothing feels the same.
Nothing feels worse than indifference.
Nothing feels worse than volunteering and never being called to volunteer.
Nothing feels worse than writing a good application that gets scrapped and never used.
Nothing fills out a meager upper body more than a bold patterned top.
Nothing fills the air with excitement more than getting a new SecurID card.
Nothing fills the stomach like a good home cooked Greek dish.
Nothing fills their minds with such anticipation or eagerness.
Nothing Finds the next object in a FIND sequence.
Nothing Finds the previous object in a FIND sequence.
Nothing finishes off a hard day better than relaxing around the fire roasting marshmallows.
Nothing finishes off a traditional wedding better than a honeymoon to Maui, Hawaii.
Nothing fits at all.
Nothing fits better.
Nothing fits here.
Nothing fits in a jeffries tube like a greased scotsman.
Nothing fits neatly into little boxes.
Nothing fits that bill as much as a resort meeting.
Nothing fits the mood and the hour as completely as the penetrating voice of the mocking-bird.
Nothing fits together any longer because important pieces of our lives are missing now.
Nothing fits together right.
Nothing fits together.
Nothing fits, dimwit.
Nothing fixes a thing so intensely in the memory as the wish to forget it.
Nothing fixes product deficiencies faster.
Nothing flames the fires of passion like a romantic visit to the beach.
Nothing flash just random numbers for the UK lottery and thunderball.
Nothing flies faster than babyhood.
Nothing floats forever.
Nothing flows in a natural rhythm.
Nothing flows out of it.
Nothing flows out the needle.
Nothing focuses a person more on the experience of being a child than becoming a parent.
Nothing focuses a politician like a major local issue.
Nothing focuses the learning process more than a whole roomful of eager young Buckeyes.
Nothing focuses the mind better than applying the principle to the application.
Nothing focuses the mind like the prospect of being shot in the morning.
Nothing focuses the mind of the analyst like real data.
Nothing follows all specified rules and meets all expectations without exception forever.
Nothing follows the comfort of tradition.
Nothing follows yet about abortion.
Nothing follows, of course, about mental inferiority.
Nothing forbids one woman being loved by two men or one man by two women.
Nothing forbids one woman being loved by two men, or one man by two women.
Nothing forbids one woman from being loved by two men or one man by two women.
Nothing forces a person to reveal a disability.
Nothing forces the arbitrator to follow the basic rule of law.
Nothing fosters the ability to reason more than the opportunity to question.
Nothing fouls up play more than a worn string.
Nothing found by man remains natural for long.
Nothing freezes the action like a flash.
Nothing frightens a customer off faster than feeling that their privacy is being invaded.
Nothing frightens people more than the prospect of losing their jobs and their income.
Nothing frustrates a buyer more than the lack of timely information regarding their order.
Nothing frustrates an anti-spam ISP more than a clueless complaint.
Nothing frustrates people more than having a product fail when it is needed the most.
Nothing frustrates the true warrior more than political necessity.
Nothing frustrates U.K. Internet users more than a U.K. site that is just a mirror of a U.S. site.
Nothing fuels creativity like time spent with other writers.
Nothing fuels media hostility morethan unfulfilled promises.
Nothing fuels the mind like a spirited debate.
Nothing fully exists until it is articulated.
Nothing further happens until the detonator fires.
Nothing further is elaborated.
Nothing further is known about the descendants of the other children.
Nothing further is known about the patient.
Nothing further is known.
Nothing further is needed or requested by the district superintendent.
Nothing further is needed to get the picture.
Nothing further is required to be listed.
Nothing further is required.
Nothing further is said concerning the desk.
Nothing further is there to know.
Nothing further is underway now, however.
Nothing furthers the various causes and ideals behind punk rock an important, often riveting work.
Nothing Gained As a business person, sometimes good financial news seems all too rare.
Nothing garnishes an event with expectation more than the aroma of a delicious meal.
Nothing generally needs to be done.
Nothing generates hefty sales like a strong retail presence.
Nothing generates ideas better than writing.
Nothing generates more emotion than our children and their education.
Nothing generates paranoia better than something that's unseen.
Nothing generates so many opportunities for titillation and schadenfreude as eroticism.
Nothing generates solidarity like blood sacrifice in combat with outsiders.
Nothing gets a band more pumped up than a wild crowd.
Nothing gets a big bass more excited than what appears to be a good meal about to escape.
Nothing gets a bonobo orgy started faster than a feast.
Nothing gets a bureaucracy moving faster than complaints from the citzenry.
Nothing gets a man in a homicidal mood better than alcohol.
Nothing gets a manufacturer's attention faster than a consumer complaint or returned merchandise.
Nothing gets aircraft development going better than war, but the next best thing is competition.
Nothing gets as dark as a Virginian night in the country.
Nothing gets attention better than up front honesty and the ability to move past disagreements.
Nothing gets attention faster than a moving image.
Nothing gets attention like a celebrity news story.
Nothing gets better with age.
Nothing gets by here.
Nothing gets by the kids.
Nothing gets done until something with a higher priority comes along.
Nothing gets employees more up in arms than pay issues.
Nothing gets engineers in more trouble than being honest.
Nothing gets Hollywood's attention like millions in profits.
Nothing gets hotter than the interior of a car.
Nothing gets in our way.
Nothing gets in the house.
Nothing gets in the way of friendship and fun.
Nothing gets in the way of studying.
Nothing gets in the way of that.
Nothing gets in the way of the film's single minded cynicism.
Nothing gets in the way of the music.
Nothing gets in the way of true love more than stale myths about masculinity and femininity.
Nothing gets in the way.
Nothing gets in their way.
Nothing gets inside there.
Nothing gets investors' pulses racing like a hot initial public offering.
Nothing gets management's attention more than money.
Nothing gets more taken for granted than the public water systems that deliver water to homes.
Nothing gets more tiring than losing a life and repeating the same scenario on a repeated basis.
Nothing gets much better than a truly fine, premium cigar.
Nothing gets much better.
Nothing gets much more complicated than that.
Nothing gets much simpler then opening the bail and dropping it over the side of the boat.
Nothing gets off the island.
Nothing gets older faster than circular paths with no driving purpose.
Nothing gets our attention as quickly and as completely as financial shortfall.
Nothing gets out of hand.
Nothing gets parents attention to education as much as paying for it.
Nothing gets past anything right now.
Nothing gets past without permission.
Nothing gets people fired up like good old team cheers, songs, and cheerleaders.
Nothing gets people in the holiday mood like a festive screensaver.
Nothing gets people into the theaters as quick as great promotional posters.
Nothing gets people moving quite like the chance to get away from it all.
Nothing gets people s attention like personal relevance.
Nothing gets people talking over the backyard fence quicker than the garden.
Nothing gets respect from young people more than fairness and honesty.
Nothing gets rid of a nasty case of hiccups like a good scare.
Nothing gets rid of feelings the way throwing up does.
Nothing gets rid of the blues like colorful fresh flowers.
Nothing gets rid of the old anxiety quicker than a bucket of mud.
Nothing gets the adrenaline moving like a good confrontation with the cops.
Nothing gets the anti-litter message across more effectively than personally picking it up.
Nothing gets the attention as fast as tangible violations.
Nothing gets the attention of parents like sending kids home.
Nothing gets the attention of the American people faster than the subject of taxes.
Nothing gets the blood pumping to the cock like a fucking whore.
Nothing gets the cash flowing or credit cards aswiping like sex.
Nothing gets the creative juices flowing like a fine cup of coffee.
Nothing gets the creative process off the ground like having goals defined on a piece of paper.
Nothing gets the digerati's juices pumping quite like privacy does.
Nothing gets the heart pumping like the prospect of the loss of days or months of work.
Nothing gets the juices flowing like a few sets of tennis.
Nothing gets the message accross like a well presented video package.
Nothing gets the message across like a good mooning.
Nothing gets the phone ringing and the orders coming in like lots of big media advertising.
Nothing gets their hackles up faster than a truth claim.
Nothing gets things heated up in the bedroom like some sultry, seductive prose.
Nothing gets through it.
Nothing gets through.
Nothing gets to the physician unless it goes through the medical assistant first.
Nothing gets too heavy and ponderous.
Nothing gets too serious here.
Nothing gets up a crowd like a good dog fight.
Nothing gets up the hair on our backs like the mention of a socialist, though.
Nothing gets updated, like the buildings and roads, etc . . .
Nothing gets vacationers in Europe moving like the continent's extensive rail system.
Nothing getting done can kill somebody.
Nothing gives a better sense of the outlines of history, and the ebb and flow of nations.
Nothing gives a college better exposure than a winning football team.
Nothing gives a fearful man more courage than another's fear.
Nothing gives a garden salad more of a lift than adding a sprinkling of freshly chopped chives.
Nothing gives a lot of hope yet.
Nothing gives a person a feeling of success like noting milestones of achievement.
Nothing gives a room an elegance quite like wooden trim and decorative moldings.
Nothing gives a rumor staying power like the printed word.
Nothing gives anyone the right to speak for anyone else.
Nothing gives away a novice placement specialist faster than poorly constructed content.
Nothing gives confidence more than success.
Nothing gives council the right to sell it.
Nothing gives more confidence than having an idea and showing it's true.
Nothing gives more freedom in design than the freedom of selection.
Nothing gives more joy than appreciation.
Nothing gives more pleasure than to assist a family achieve the American dream - owning a home.
Nothing gives people a case of the hungries faster than the aroma of freshly popped popcorn.
Nothing gives people more independence, more control over their own lives.
Nothing gives people more power than knowledge.
Nothing gives perspective like lots of travel experience and having adventures like the following.
Nothing gives such rewards and blessings as exercising gifts for ministry.
Nothing gives the depth, feel, and porous look of real masonry walls like hydrocal plaster.
Nothing gives the impression of a business in trouble as fast as a poorly maintained shop.
Nothing gives the kind of immediate gratification that yelling does.
Nothing gives the patina of age to a newly-placed boulder or stone lantern like moss.
Nothing gives, it refuses to work.
Nothing glaring - it just looks old.
Nothing go through.
Nothing goes according to plan, of course.
Nothing goes according to plan.
Nothing goes along with mayhem and gore like a nice cigar.
Nothing goes amiss to a hungry little owl.
Nothing goes as it's supposed to.
Nothing goes as planned.
Nothing goes away.
Nothing goes better than junk food and ice-cream.
Nothing goes better with a beer at happy hour than popcorn.
Nothing goes better with a burger than that.
Nothing goes better with a cold beer or a margarita.
Nothing goes better with a meal than one of our red or white wines by the glass or bottle.
Nothing goes better with a piece of apple pie than a cigar.
Nothing goes better with fishing at sunrise then a great cup of coffee.
Nothing goes better with good food than a great drink.
Nothing goes better with our coffee than our hot crisp beignets.
Nothing goes better with steak or roast beef than mushrooms.
Nothing goes better with that first cup of coffee.
Nothing goes but old-fashioned fiddlin'.
Nothing goes by air.
Nothing goes by luck in composition.
Nothing goes directly to an artist's personal mail box.
Nothing goes down better or feels more fresh and crisp than an ice cold beer.
Nothing goes down quite as well as some entertaining in the manse.
Nothing goes down, everything shoots up indefinitely.
Nothing goes easily.
Nothing goes fast here.
Nothing goes forward until the hands separate.
Nothing goes further to motivate continued effort and desire to do even better.
Nothing goes further, however, than maintaining a presence in a single market.
Nothing goes here.
Nothing goes in a straight line.
Nothing goes in if the mind is closed.
Nothing goes in the subject line .
Nothing goes in there.
Nothing goes into a lunchbag as easily as a sandwich.
Nothing goes into our long-time memory without repetition and without motivation .
Nothing goes into savings.
Nothing goes into the box except the above subscribe message.
Nothing goes into the filing cabinet until it has been sorted in the in-basket.
Nothing goes into the safe trash can except for paper.
Nothing goes longer without a multimedia-approach.
Nothing goes off track.
Nothing goes on during that week.
Nothing goes on faster to stop the itch and help heal.
Nothing goes on for ever.
Nothing goes on forever.
Nothing goes on on stage longer than three minutes.
Nothing goes on there.
Nothing goes on too long.
Nothing goes onto the schedule until after all of the family time and personal time.
Nothing goes out of fashion sooner than a long dress with a very low neck.
Nothing goes out the back door to the retrocessional market.
Nothing goes out without a partner's review.
Nothing goes over as badly as some old production cassette relabeled.
Nothing goes overboard.
Nothing goes quite according to plan.
Nothing goes quite as planned.
Nothing goes right all the time.
Nothing goes right as the raid turns into a trap leaving many dead, including several civilians.
Nothing goes right.
Nothing goes the way it's supposed to.
Nothing goes through the cervix, however.
Nothing goes to overhead or administrative costs.
Nothing goes to production until it goes through the other two.
Nothing goes to the electricity sector.
Nothing goes to the landfill.
Nothing goes to waste around here - it becomes a treat for someone.
Nothing goes to waste for the thousands who are displaced in Sudan.
Nothing goes to waste from the cocoa plant.
Nothing goes to waste here, by the way.
Nothing goes to waste here.
Nothing goes to waste in the cake-making process.
Nothing goes to waste in the wild it's all eaten.
Nothing goes to waste in the woods.
Nothing goes to waste with a vulture.
Nothing goes to waste.
Nothing goes together better than fabulous food and a spectacular view.
Nothing goes together better than frozen yogurt and a great movie.
Nothing goes together like Linux, Bavaria, hiking and beer.
Nothing goes unchecked and doublechecked.
Nothing goes unnoticed or unresponded to.
Nothing goes unnoticed.
Nothing goes unseen.
Nothing goes untested before it reaches our consumers' hands.
Nothing goes unused or wasted.
Nothing goes unused, or unappreciated.
Nothing goes up forever, and no business or economy expands indefinitely.
Nothing goes up forever.
Nothing goes waste in a coconut tree.
Nothing goes with a fake diploma better than a cubicle full of soda cans.
Nothing goes with a newly renovated theater better than a newly renovated show.
Nothing goes with out notice.
Nothing goes with racing quite like a hot dog and soda from the concession stand.
Nothing goes with silicon better than pizza.
Nothing goes wrong on the ride to the centerline.
Nothing goes wrong with the satellites.
Nothing goes wrong, noproblems.
Nothing goes wrong.
Nothing going on at the site today - guess they are waiting for the puddles to dry up.
Nothing going on here but the usual willful decline, let's get that clear.
Nothing grabs a child s attention faster than body sounds and smells.
Nothing grabs a child's attention faster than body sounds and smells.
Nothing grabs a coach's attention like a verbal sucker punch in the offseason.
Nothing grabs an end user like sound.
Nothing grabs attention like a hostage situation.
Nothing grabs the customers attention more than the name of their school on the border.
Nothing greases their radio lips like free stuff.
Nothing groundbreaking here folks, but a new offering for new Internet users, that's for sure.
Nothing grows and nothing decays.
Nothing grows exponentially all the time.
Nothing grows faster than corporate data.
Nothing grows for hundreds of miles except telephone poles.
Nothing grows forever.
Nothing Grows Here.
Nothing grows higher than the tough tundra grass, undulating in the wind like a thick green sea.
Nothing grows in a vacuum.
Nothing grows in salt.
Nothing grows in stagnation and stagnation is the overwhelming feature of our society today.
Nothing grows on the moon, but many things grow on the Earth.
Nothing grows on the surface of the rock except lichens.
Nothing grows or declines for that matter in a straight line.
Nothing grows there, but stark, time-stopping stagnancy prevents even death.
Nothing grows there, no green thing.
Nothing grows there.
Nothing grows to the sky.
Nothing grows under a banyan tree.
Nothing grows well in the shade of a big tree.
Nothing grows without water.
Nothing guarantees a perfect, timely, healthy vacation.
Nothing guarantees the conviction of the innocent more than a bad or underfunded lawyer.
Nothing guarantees total safety.
Nothing hampers a professional agent more than a client who keeps secrets.
Nothing handles sound and video as well as the Web Builder.
Nothing hangs in the way.
Nothing hangs on as long or as powerfully as religious traditions.
Nothing hangs on the dividing line between models and paradigms.
Nothing happen to almost whole image.
Nothing Happening dedicates itself to finding absolute brilliance in the backwaters of modern music.
Nothing happening on Earth threatens our security more than the destruction of our living systems.
Nothing happens A key impediment is time.
Nothing happens accidentally.
Nothing happens after hours of meeting.
Nothing happens again.
Nothing happens along the two diagonal directions.
Nothing happens and Adrian laughs aloud.
Nothing happens and epic tales are born.
Nothing happens and nobody cares.
Nothing happens apart from divine determination and decree.
Nothing happens at all Start with the power.
Nothing happens at all.
Nothing happens at random.
Nothing happens at the end yet.
Nothing happens at the time.
Nothing happens automatically, though.
Nothing happens automatically.
Nothing happens be chance or means of good or bad luck.
Nothing happens because it is impossible to break a magnet in half, much less into four pieces.
Nothing happens because of the existence of a particular technology.
Nothing happens because where the table starts, the inheritance stops.
Nothing happens but what it affects countless others besides the actor.
Nothing happens by accident including disabilities and struggles.
Nothing happens by accident.
Nothing happens by chance and there is no such thing as an accident.
Nothing happens by chance or blind fate.
Nothing happens by chance or by means of good luck.
Nothing happens by chance or by means of good or bad luck.
Nothing happens by chance or by means of luck, good or bad.
Nothing happens by chance or by means of luck.
Nothing happens by chance.
Nothing happens by coincidence.
Nothing happens by happenstance.
Nothing happens by itself.
Nothing happens by magic.
Nothing happens by mere human effort, finally.
Nothing happens by mistake.
Nothing happens contrary to it.
Nothing happens during mediation without the parties' consent.
Nothing happens during the night.
Nothing happens exactly as first visualized, either.
Nothing happens exactly on time.
Nothing happens except for little dots racing around the screen.
Nothing happens except in answer to prayer.
Nothing happens except people are having sex.
Nothing happens exciting here at home, at least nothing that's important to write about.
Nothing happens for a beat longer than feels quite right.
Nothing happens for a long time, until finally one day someone notices that something is emerging.
Nothing happens for a long time.
Nothing happens for an hour.
Nothing happens for objects on supporters or in containers.
Nothing happens for several strainful seconds.
Nothing happens from doing nothing.
Nothing happens here at a fast pace and no one wants it to.
Nothing happens here.
Nothing happens if completed as planned.
Nothing happens if it is absent.
Nothing happens if it turns out the operation was unnecessary.
Nothing happens if item is out of bounds.
Nothing happens if no threads are waiting on cond .
Nothing happens if num reads the same as the current label.
Nothing happens if only one trigger hair is touched by an insect.
Nothing happens if pixmap is the same as the current label.
Nothing happens if pos is beyond the end of the list.
Nothing happens if text is the same as the current label.
Nothing happens if the current page is the first page.
Nothing happens if the current page is the last page.
Nothing happens if the pile is too dry and no benefits can be maintained.
Nothing happens if the process went beyond the deadline.
Nothing happens if there is only one open window.
Nothing happens in a lawsuit until the complaint is delivered to the parties who are being sued.
Nothing happens in a quantum world without something encountering something else.
Nothing happens in a short time frame.
Nothing happens in a vacuum.
Nothing happens in a void.
Nothing happens in Albany ever.
Nothing happens in business until someone sells something.
Nothing happens in contradiction to nature.
Nothing happens in isolation.
Nothing happens in it except an inconsequential rat autopsy.
Nothing happens in it.
Nothing happens in one year.
Nothing happens in Pacific airspace without it knowing.
Nothing happens in Phase III, which typically lasts six years.
Nothing happens in Phoenix - it is one of the safest places in the country.
Nothing happens in tennis or anywhere in sports, overnight.
Nothing happens in the absence of process.
Nothing happens in the body by accident, everything is on purpose.
Nothing happens in the Christian life apart from the cross.
Nothing happens in the computer untill a pulse is received.
Nothing happens in the CPU until there is data for it to process.
Nothing happens in the creation of a poem until the person starts to write.
Nothing happens in the eighth week.
Nothing happens in the first hour, folks - nothing.
Nothing happens in the market automatically.
Nothing happens in the meantime.
Nothing happens in the past and nothing happens in the future.
Nothing happens in the past.
Nothing happens in the story.
Nothing happens in the vegetable garden without pollination.
Nothing happens in the way of transformation.
Nothing happens in the world without their say so, absolutely nothing.
Nothing happens just by chance.
Nothing happens naturally and none of the piss disguised as dialog pours easily from their mouths.
Nothing Happens Next .
Nothing happens next.
Nothing happens on stage between the men any more risque than holding hands and kissing cheeks.
Nothing happens on the Internet without a bread crumb trail.
Nothing happens on the screen, although the editor is now in the insertion mode.
Nothing happens on Water Island - try again tomorrow.
Nothing happens on Water Island.
Nothing happens once and for all.
Nothing happens once the meeting ends.
Nothing happens out of the ordinary.
Nothing happens outside of it.
Nothing happens over night .
Nothing happens over night.
Nothing happens overnight .
Nothing happens overnight, and nothing comes easy.
Nothing happens overnight, unfortunately.
Nothing happens overnight.
Nothing happens perfectly in a disaster.
Nothing happens quickly on appeal.
Nothing happens quickly within the civil service, and the coastguard was no exception.
Nothing happens quickly.
Nothing happens quite by chance.
Nothing happens right away.
Nothing happens sexually, of course.
Nothing happens spontaneously.
Nothing happens that involves a rush hour of any kind.
Nothing happens the usual way.
Nothing happens There are a few things to check.
Nothing happens there, at least nothing that is important to the sentence.
Nothing happens there.
Nothing happens through blind chance.
Nothing happens through law, though every- thing happens according to law.
Nothing happens 'til somebody sells something.
Nothing happens till it happens.
Nothing happens till something is sold.
Nothing happens to dissolve the tableau.
Nothing happens to it when the jar is shaken.
Nothing happens to one thing without consequences to something else.
Nothing happens to that alliance.
Nothing happens to the body and life force which separated at the of the person.
Nothing happens to the ice cube until the surface water melts a bit to allow heating to begin.
Nothing happens to the original item.
Nothing happens to the protein.
Nothing happens to the record unless an action occurs.
Nothing happens to the record until a command and the escape key are entered.
Nothing happens too fast down here.
Nothing happens unless a person gives commands from a keyboard, mouse or touch screen.
Nothing happens unless first a dream.
Nothing happens unless it is deserved.
Nothing happens unless our employees cause it to happen.
Nothing happens unless the U.S. takes the lead.
Nothing happens until . . .
Nothing happens until a naked man with no memory steps from the mist.
Nothing happens until a sale is made.
Nothing happens until a second tiger is let into the arena space.
Nothing happens until customers actually buy into new technology.
Nothing happens until first a dream.
Nothing happens until it happens.
Nothing happens until midnight.
Nothing happens until patient sees member of health team.
Nothing happens until somebody sells something.
Nothing happens until somebody tells a story.
Nothing happens until someone sells something.
Nothing happens until someone sends e-mail to the list, to start the discussion ball rolling.
Nothing happens until someone starts selling something.
Nothing happens until something happens, and then everything happens.
Nothing happens until something is negotiated and sold.
Nothing happens until something is sold.
Nothing happens until something moves .
Nothing happens until something moves.
Nothing happens until that information reaches the factory.
Nothing happens until the air starts rising.
Nothing happens until the program runs out of free storage.
Nothing happens until the protein reaches critical levels and the nerve cells stop functioning.
Nothing happens until the sale is made.
Nothing happens until the smoker decides.
Nothing happens until there's a fatality at it.
Nothing happens until they smell a bitch on heat.
Nothing happens when a hotspot is selected.
Nothing happens when a job is sent.
Nothing happens when changing text margins inside object.
Nothing happens when the black cloth is removed.
Nothing happens when the lid is closed, it continues normal operation.
Nothing happens when the link is selected.
Nothing happens when the scan image icon is pressed.
Nothing happens when the starter switch is closed.
Nothing happens when the ventilator is turned on.
Nothing happens where there is no thought.
Nothing happens without a cause .
Nothing happens without a cause.
Nothing happens without a database.
Nothing happens without a deadline and luck.
Nothing happens without a reason here.
Nothing happens without a reason.
Nothing happens without action.
Nothing happens without and idea and the desire to see it fulfilled.
Nothing happens without application.
Nothing happens without being caused.
Nothing happens without cause.
Nothing happens without communication, without the exchange of information.
Nothing happens without energy.
Nothing happens without financial backing.
Nothing happens without good people stepping up when they are called upon to help.
Nothing happens without hard work.
Nothing happens without it, and nothing is more exciting to a scientist than a major find.
Nothing happens without it.
Nothing happens without leadership in any organization.
Nothing happens without massive noise and destruction.
Nothing happens without our being able to dream it up first.
Nothing happens without our deliberate action as a user.
Nothing happens without our efforts and commitment.
Nothing happens without our seeing with inner-vision.
Nothing happens without personal experience and personal motivation.
Nothing happens without personal transformation.
Nothing happens without reason or cause.
Nothing happens without something getting managed.
Nothing happens without the propeller's thrust.
Nothing happens without trust.
Nothing happens, and another important fact is learned.
Nothing happens, and yet everything does.
Nothing happens, but the result is outstandingly funny.
Nothing happens, by definition.
Nothing happens, for the most part, unless it was first a goal.
Nothing happens, ifconfig -a gives nothing back that is new.
Nothing happens, in certain parishes, without going through the pastor.
Nothing happens, it just times out.
Nothing happens, no message.
Nothing happens, nobody comes, nobody goes, it's awful.
Nothing happens, nothing happens, nothing happens, and then finally there's steam.
Nothing happens, or a short burst of hard drive activity is experienced.
Nothing happens, other than investors grow richer.
Nothing happens, that is, nothing happens legislatively.
Nothing happens, they just stand there looking up like morons.
Nothing happens, though.
Nothing happens, twice.
Nothing harms confidence as much as a perceived inability to decide.
Nothing has a bigger effect on investment goals that unexpected bad news.
Nothing has a bigger impact than bright new carpet.
Nothing has a greater effect on people's perception of where they live then their postal address.
Nothing has a greater impact on people than change.
Nothing has a more disastrous impact on financial security than a lengthy period of unemployment.
Nothing has a more long lasting impact than work that helps to educate our children.
Nothing has a more powerful effect upon the subconscious than the imagination.
Nothing has a proven track record of preventing crime like locking up criminals.
Nothing has a reason.
Nothing has a right to exist in the church unless it has a positive purpose.
Nothing has a simple aesthetic or healing value.
Nothing has an intrinsic value in and of itself, so the very concept of self-worth is wrong.
Nothing has any flavor.
Nothing has any meaning. . . .
Nothing has any meaning.
Nothing has any one absolute inventor.
Nothing has any point anymore.
Nothing has any power to bestow anything upon humans.
Nothing has any real existence separate from the whole.
Nothing has any taste.
Nothing has any true meaning any more.
Nothing has any value any more.
Nothing has any value except the surrounding isolation.
Nothing has any vital value unless it leads to love .
Nothing has anything to do with anything.
Nothing has been built to curb flooding, the resident says.
Nothing has been changed from the original version, so please forgive any gramatical mistakes.
Nothing has been done with it it just sits there looking ugly.
Nothing has been fabricated, it is all true.
Nothing has been planned so far, things are pretty open still.
Nothing has been removed, it is just that some filters have been merged into a single filter.
Nothing has been spoken or changed hands, so there's no marker there either.
Nothing has change in the years since then.
Nothing has change.
Nothing has changed much has it.
Nothing has changed since the beginning of time, there's nothing to fear.
Nothing has changed, it's just more slick and interesting now.
Nothing has changed, only pseudo-science and the babble of childhood specialists have.
Nothing has changed, says the author.
Nothing has changed, that's all.
Nothing has changed', the article implies.
Nothing has changed, there is just more of it.
Nothing has changed, they say.
Nothing has cheaper thills like a nice Austrialian-German soft core porn film.
Nothing has definition.
Nothing has direct divine authority for the believer, but that which was from 'the beginning'.
Nothing has enduring self-identity.
Nothing has existence.
Nothing has greater impact on a student's academic growth than the quality of the classroom teacher.
Nothing has greater impact on people than change.
Nothing has greater influence on buyers than positive editorial coverage.
Nothing has happen.
Nothing has historically.
Nothing has many ironies.
Nothing has meaning.
Nothing has more affect on the arrival of other good things as an open telecom market.
Nothing has more impact on both the efficiency and effectiveness of patient care.
Nothing has more impact on career success than one s attitude.
Nothing has more impact on teachers or parents than showing positive impact on students.
Nothing has more impact than the experience itself.
Nothing has more impact than the power of suggestion.
Nothing has more influence over our physical functioning than our beliefs and assumptions.
Nothing has more possibilities Than one old wet picture puzzle piece.
Nothing has more strength than dire necessity.
Nothing has one use.
Nothing has quite the power to over expose a place on the globe than the big screen treatment.
Nothing has really changed has it.
Nothing has relevance.
Nothing has significance if it is done mechanically.
Nothing has significance.
Nothing has so far.
Nothing has substance or personality.
Nothing has that down home taste like fresh waffles.
Nothing has that much magic.
Nothing has that wide array of emotions.
Nothing has the awesome pulling power of lake trout.
Nothing has the impact of crisp, clear printing.
Nothing has the potential to improve our customers' effectiveness like information technology.
Nothing has the power to dismantle injustices except for unconditional love.
Nothing has the power to negatively impact our culture more than illegal drugs.
Nothing has the same feel as cash.
Nothing has the unique spice of ginger.
Nothing has to be added before use.
Nothing has to be changed.
Nothing has to be checked.
Nothing has to be connected or switched on.
Nothing has to be connected up or switched on.
Nothing has to be decided today.
Nothing has to be done right then and there.
Nothing has to be expensive.
Nothing has to be fabricated or artificially created.
Nothing has to be filed with the state and freedom of contract is the governing principle.
Nothing has to be held for any length of time.
Nothing has to be left behind.
Nothing has to be picked out.
Nothing has to be selected.
Nothing has to be sold or bought.
Nothing has to be sold.
Nothing has to be the greatest thing ever done as well as the worst.
Nothing has to be traumatic at all for a newborn.
Nothing has to be true, but everything has to sound true.
Nothing has to be ugly.
Nothing has to be what it seems.
Nothing has to come of it.
Nothing has to come off the cuff.
Nothing has to go to waste.
Nothing has to happen.
Nothing has to last forever.
Nothing has value even if it has sentimental value.
Nothing has value or importance apart from the emotion it invokes.
Nothing has yet.
Nothing has, or is going to change.
Nothing have croquet sets behind that tooth or whose have they wish upon remember.
Nothing have our bet few society likewise victory ensures up one kelty backpacks.
Nothing heals a scraped knee like a mother's kiss.
Nothing heals the body and soul like knowing someone cares.
Nothing heightens a sense of urgency in training like being shot at.
Nothing helps a bad mood like spreading it around.
Nothing helps a child more than to know what to expect.
Nothing helps a hyperactive child more than having a tolerant, patient, low-keyed parent.
Nothing helps a player's reputation like improved individual numbers and team championships.
Nothing helps a room more than the squeaky-clean sparkle of a freshly cleaned room.
Nothing helps a team's confidence more than a win, even two in a row.
Nothing helps a writer gain a greater sense of perspective than the simple passage of time.
Nothing helps a young team more than playing tournament games.
Nothing helps adult education like children.
Nothing helps an audience to understand as well as personal stories.
Nothing helps an injury heal faster than rest.
Nothing helps balance shoulders and hips like a pair of shoulder pads.
Nothing helps balance the tone of a serious, skill- learning session like a chuckle or two.
Nothing helps better than a good photograph.
Nothing helps bond like laughter.
Nothing helps break up boring text better than colorful, tasteful graphics and photos.
Nothing helps build momentum quite like, well, momentum.
Nothing helps build store traffic like variety.
Nothing helps except time, and that is never any consolation.
Nothing helps grabs the attention of web surfers more than interactive multimedia.
Nothing helps Israel.
Nothing helps like going to class every day.
Nothing helps more than a social success.
Nothing helps more than the proper, precision tools.
Nothing helps MTs so much as a medical speller.
Nothing helps one settle down and think like a gentle waterfall.
Nothing helps one to get on like that.
Nothing helps people get to know each other better than working on a common project together.
Nothing helps prepare for an emergency more than practice.
Nothing helps sailing ability quite as much as the advantage of a well designed deep draft keel.
Nothing helps scenery like ham and eggs.
Nothing helps sell a product or service like a referral.
Nothing helps tame sugar cravings like a daily serving or two of kale or collard greens.
Nothing helps the body to recover more than several good nights of rest.
Nothing helps the collector more than a maker's mark on a pot.
Nothing helps the memorization process like music.
Nothing helps the pain at all.
Nothing helps the rehabilitation process better than being in one's own comfortable surroundings.
Nothing helps time pass than a good book.
Nothing helps to improve the appearance of an area more than carefully selected plants.
Nothing helps to sell like the word of someone who has tried the plan and been satisfied.
Nothing helps to understand as much as being understood.
Nothing helps very much.
Nothing helps woo clients and investors like a perfect presentation.
Nothing helps, reboot, close and restart.
Nothing here adds up.
Nothing here answers telephones but a fax machine on another line.
Nothing here appears in an elaborate, elegant, or oratorical dress.
Nothing here can act as an adequate substitute for real-life treatment and care.
Nothing here can be grasped, can be touched, nothing here can fall into place.
Nothing here can disturb the heart.
Nothing here can satisfy the infinite impulse to be righteous and to do the righteous.
Nothing here can.
Nothing here changes the data in any way.
Nothing here changes the fact they're retired.
Nothing here computes.
Nothing here constitutes a recommendation and no responsibility for safety is accepted.
Nothing here disappoints.
Nothing here disqualifies the first section at all.
Nothing here duplicates what is already in that hymnal.
Nothing here feels exploitative or gratuitous, the violence has enormous psychological resonance.
Nothing here feels quite real while, yet strangely, everyone represented is horribly believable.
Nothing here has an intrinsic economic value.
Nothing here has to be set in stone.
Nothing here illustrates that more than the title cut.
Nothing here indicates a change in the day or worship.
Nothing here indicates the new covenant is already in effect.
Nothing here is a replacement for attending lecture.
Nothing here is as deadly as self-satisfaction.
Nothing here is as it seems.
Nothing here is assured, however.
Nothing here is based on just one source.
Nothing here is broken or damaged.
Nothing here is carved in stone.
Nothing here is cast in stone.
Nothing here is clearly natural, supernatural, or artificial.
Nothing here is commercial.
Nothing here is complete.
Nothing here is considered to be sacred nor secret.
Nothing here is copyrighted.
Nothing here is cutting-edge, but just about everything is very good.
Nothing here is designed to be fancy, only to work.
Nothing here is designed to get wet.
Nothing here is done in a corner.
Nothing here is done in secret.
Nothing here is engraved in concrete.
Nothing here is etched in stone.
Nothing here is ever taken at face value, for masks and mystery are the norm.
Nothing here is ever what it seems to be.
Nothing here is familiar.
Nothing here is fiction.
Nothing here is fictitious, or even exaggerated in the least.
Nothing here is for sale.
Nothing here is fried.
Nothing here is frivolous or trivial.
Nothing here is given or intended as legal advice.
Nothing here is gratuitous, contrary to some locations.
Nothing here is happenstance.
Nothing here is intended as a substitute for that.
Nothing here is intended as recommendation or suggestion.
Nothing here is intended that way.
Nothing here is intended to aid or hinder the passage of any bill.
Nothing here is intended to be medical advice.
Nothing here is intended to inform divers outside the United Kingdom.
Nothing here is intended to offend.
Nothing here is legal advice.
Nothing here is lurid, however, or mechanical.
Nothing here is meant as an endorsement or recommendation.
Nothing here is meant to be used as a replacement for professional help, resources, or advice.
Nothing here is meant to offend.
Nothing here is mundane, and every bite counts.
Nothing here is new.
Nothing here is official.
Nothing here is original yet it all sounds very new and invigorating.
Nothing here is original.
Nothing here is politically correct.
Nothing here is produced to be a hit, instead it is produced to be great music.
Nothing here is real.
Nothing here is revolutionary.
Nothing here is run of the mill.
Nothing here is rushed.
Nothing here is set in stone except for the part about flowing.
Nothing here is set in stone, of course.
Nothing here is set in stone.
Nothing here is simple.
Nothing here is Slackware-specific.
Nothing here is slanderous, just a little too true for some to enjoy.
Nothing here is spicy.
Nothing here is sponsored or supported by the school or departments.
Nothing here is swept under the rug.
Nothing here is technical.
Nothing here is that tidy.
Nothing here is the least bit intuitive.
Nothing here is to be viewed as medical advice.
Nothing here is very out of date if at all.
Nothing here is 'virtual'.
Nothing here is without it's thought provoking side, it's contemplative counterpart.
Nothing here is written in cement.
Nothing here is written in stone, but purely suggestion.
Nothing here is written in stone.
Nothing here looks good.
Nothing here looks more than ten years old.
Nothing here makes a new crime or charge retroactive.
Nothing here makes any sense.
Nothing here meets the threshold that the founders intended for an impeachment process.
Nothing here moves with the same efficiency or speed.
Nothing here necessitates or even implies a flat-earth concept.
Nothing here precludes non-IP usage of the optical core.
Nothing here precludes that from happening.
Nothing here remains.
Nothing here represents the department or school's point of view or policy.
Nothing here requires anything like charter revision.
Nothing here reveals how emotions are shared or socially triggered.
Nothing here says anything at all is easy.
Nothing here says who they are.
Nothing here seems changed, and yet something has changed.
Nothing here seems exceptional, other than the fact that it is a Japanese film.
Nothing here seems to come easy.
Nothing here sounds forced or injected artificially into the song.
Nothing here sounds forced.
Nothing here sounds like local pop.
Nothing here Try here .
Nothing Here Try the main page.
Nothing here undercuts the antidiscrimination protections in the bill's insurance provisions.
Nothing hides from the gaze of true explorers.
Nothing hides guilt like time.
Nothing hids a nothing.
Nothing hinders a student more than being trained on out dated equipment.
Nothing hinders cross-border trade as directly as a long line of trucks waiting to cross the border.
Nothing hinders faith like believing the devil's lies.
Nothing hinders more in life than nervousness.
Nothing hinders one and the same thing from belonging, under different aspects, to different powers.
Nothing hinders our ability to properly investigate and manage a claim more than late notice.
Nothing hinders relational learning like the lecture teaching method.
Nothing hinders two vices being contrary to one another.
Nothing hits a physician harder than a denied claim.
Nothing hits harder than a runaway train.
Nothing hits home better than comments from former students and graduates.
Nothing hits like a hammer.
Nothing hits the spot better than a shore lunch.
Nothing hits the spot like a good, old fashioned, home cooked meal.
Nothing hits the spot like an ice cream soda.
Nothing hits the spot on a cold winter s night like a mess of first-rate greens.
Nothing hits the spot on a hot summer day like a light and refreshing summer salad.
Nothing hits the spot on a long bus ride like a couple of tamales stuck through the window.
Nothing hold a candle to the techical difficulty of the North Shore.
Nothing holds a contractor to do the job for the originally estimated price.
Nothing holds a memory like a photograph.
Nothing holds a stare longer than reverence.
Nothing holds blessings better than shalom.
Nothing holds it together except an idea which is indestructible.
Nothing holds it up.
Nothing holds men back from belief like that misinterpretation.
Nothing holds more mystery than Asia except off course Africa.
Nothing holds more power than the mass media.
Nothing holds more self-interest for more people than the education of all our children.
Nothing holds quite the same attraction in any room, in any home.
Nothing holds the joints together, the strength is in the shape itself.
Nothing holds the pieces together.
Nothing holds together, everything falls apart.
Nothing hooks the reader like a body falling through the skylight-so to speak.
Nothing however is proven.
Nothing humbles a hotshot like being tossed in the churning river for a long, bumpy ride.
Nothing hurts a great program like late registration.
Nothing hurts a human being more than ingratitude.
Nothing hurts a new truth more than an old error.
Nothing hurts adoption worse than a time gap between training and use.
Nothing hurts an app more than an irrelevent or badly considered piece of writing.
Nothing hurts an organization more than a lack of communication.
Nothing hurts as much as wanting to be oneself.
Nothing hurts like the truth. .
Nothing hurts more than a hard lick on the nose.
Nothing hurts more than being ignored.
Nothing hurts more than broken love.
Nothing hurts more than doing nothing.
Nothing hurts more than making a bad decision that lasts a lifetime.
Nothing hurts more than that.
Nothing hurts more than the betrayal of an intimate friend.
Nothing hurts more than the truth.
Nothing hurts more than to be abandoned.
Nothing hurts more than to blow a huge lead and lose.
Nothing hurts one's pride more, then a self inflicted wound.
Nothing hurts quite like love.
Nothing hurts quite so much as shattered hopes.
Nothing hurts so much in a poor society as economic and social injustice.
Nothing hurts the giver more than the recipient trying to pay for the gift.
Nothing hurts theater owners like losing money.
Nothing hurts worse than giving birth to a lifeless child.
Nothing hurts worse than the loss of money.
Nothing hurts, looks discolored or fails to work.
Nothing hurts, looks discolored, or fails to work.
Nothing hurts, nothing feels good.
Nothing illogically follows.
Nothing illuminates life s absurdities like death.
Nothing illustrates a fallacy so well as an extreme case, which fairly comes under it.
Nothing illustrates better the way one ethical breakdown leads to another.
Nothing illustrates it better than cloning.
Nothing illustrates the failure of the court system better than a divorce case.
Nothing illustrates the value of a partner like the reaction from the students themselves.
Nothing impacts our mind like taking cash from our wallet or purse.
Nothing impacts the success of a company more than the people behind it.
Nothing impacts the test development industry more than current events and daily news updates.
Nothing impairs the view of fans.
Nothing implies stability and permanence more than a monument sign.
Nothing impresses a date like a wonderful touch in the kitchen.
Nothing impresses a flapper android more than ammunition.
Nothing impresses an interviewer more than a candidate that knows about the company.
Nothing impresses buyers like spaciousness in a home.
Nothing impresses funders as much as signed contracts.
Nothing impresses Hollywood like success.
Nothing impresses it.
Nothing impresses people like an animation that is smooth and vivid.
Nothing impresses people like details.
Nothing impresses people more than being really listened to.
Nothing improve nobody won some leg after cough search till either bicycle accessory helmet.
Nothing improve nobody won some leg after cough search till either gore-tex.
Nothing improve nobody won some leg after cough search till either snowshoe manufacture.
Nothing improve someone draw whatever buyers finally people mistook off any bicycling.
Nothing improves a child's hearing more than praise.
Nothing improves a spec more than lots and lots of screenshots.
Nothing improves a student s hearing more than praise.
Nothing improves car travel like getting out of the car.
Nothing improves customer loyalty like clear, hassle-free communications systems.
Nothing improves homework like improved reading skills.
Nothing improves on the delivery of a service or the development of a product like competition.
Nothing improves performance more then doing things over and over.
Nothing improves relations like listening.
Nothing improves students learning more that teaching and doing.
Nothing improves the looks of a convertible with the top down more than a well fitted top boot.
Nothing improves the quality of service like competition.
Nothing improves the undistinguished overture, which the video uses expeditiously for the credits.
Nothing improves unless it is measured.
Nothing improves with age.
Nothing incites anger like a senseless, careless, unnecessary, manmade tragedy.
Nothing including the food samples are to be pipetted by mouth.
Nothing increases anticipation more than counting down every remaining day, hour, minute and second.
Nothing increases the pleasure of outdoor living as much as a patio.
Nothing increases traffic more than good branding and effective marketing.
Nothing indicates foul play.
Nothing indicates location, or age, but it's an early card.
Nothing indicates none buy many king once waggon lent off that bicycling.
Nothing indicates none buy many king once waggon lent off that chirp magazines.
Nothing indicates none buy many king once waggon lent off that dell horoscope magazine.
Nothing indicates none buy many king once waggon lent off that photographic processing magazine.
Nothing indicates none buy many king once waggon lent off that satellite orbit.
Nothing indicates none buy many king once waggon lent off that sea.
Nothing indicates none buy many king once waggon lent off that trailer boats.
Nothing indicates none buy many king once waggon lent off that weight watchers.
Nothing indicates that the tapes have been tampered with.
Nothing indicates that they even had to live in Nevada.
Nothing indicates the maturation of a development platform like the emergence of point tools.
Nothing indicates they'll slow down.
Nothing indicts like denial.
Nothing induces reflection.
Nothing inflames passions quite like international bureaucracy.
Nothing inflames the rage of men more than to see their hope of ill-gotten gains taken away.
Nothing inflates a budget like customization.
Nothing influences development as much as a well-developed thought infrastructure.
Nothing influences the development of our self-concept more than the consequences of our behavior.
Nothing influences the taste of coffee more than roasting.
Nothing infuriates an opponent more than a cocky adversary.
Nothing infuriates management more than the overemphasis of procedure.
Nothing infuriates the liberal defenders of free speech like the suggestion of more free speech.
Nothing inhabits a vacuum.
Nothing inland rocks.
Nothing inside is charged, hence nothing attracts the lightning.
Nothing inspires confidence more than our next item.
Nothing inspires controversy faster than a leaky boob . . .
Nothing inspires emotion like a combination of personal memories and great music.
Nothing inspires great writing like a great pen.
Nothing inspires like success.
Nothing inspires more fear than the perfect child.
Nothing inspires murderous mayhem in human beings more reliably than sexual repression.
Nothing inspires our people more than bold defiance in the face of overwhelming power.
Nothing inspires the curiosity and tenacity of an auditor more than a mathematical error.
Nothing inspires the human mind more than creativity, discovery and invention.
Nothing inspires the media to professional irresponsibility faster than allegations of terrorism.
Nothing inspires the men so much.
Nothing inspires trust like respect.
Nothing install yet.
Nothing instills that Wild West feeling quite like touring the canyons on horseback.
Nothing insulates better than dry air.
Nothing insulates better than SIPs.
Nothing insures lack of productivity with audio software more than buggy and unreliable drivers.
Nothing insures the future health of our society better than improving the lot of our kids.
Nothing intensifies a marriage like a romantic candlelight renewal ceremony.
Nothing interests people.
Nothing interferes with clear communication like poor grammar.
Nothing interferes with friendship like sex, and nothing interferes with sex like friendship.
Nothing interferes with wrestling.
Nothing interrupts the lawn's flat plane.
Nothing interrupts the reverie.
Nothing interrupts their harmonious line.
Nothing invigorates the mass media the way reality does.
Nothing invigorates the weary like a little pampering.
Nothing invites our second glance.
Nothing invites satire like politics.
Nothing invites spring more than savory seafood and fresh crisp salads.
Nothing invokes a headache like watching a poorly shot video.
Nothing involving distance, electronics, and more than two humans, is ever simple.
Nothing involving humans is without risk or error.
Nothing involving North Korea is easy.
Nothing involving public transportation is, sadly, ever done immediately.
Nothing irks a speaker more than seated staff.
Nothing irks the citizen more than bad manners.
Nothing irritates a client more than having a vendor dodge phone calls.
Nothing irritates a visitor more, and nothing is more of a nuisance to keep up to date.
Nothing irritates an audience more than a rushed presentation.
Nothing irritates customers more than waiting for someone to arrive.
Nothing irritates people like poor roads.
Nothing irritates the citizens more than being propagandized with their own tax money.
Nothing is a better insulator than anything.
Nothing is a better learning tool than observation.
Nothing is a better substitute than playing.
Nothing is a better teacher than failure or adversity.
Nothing is a big deal.
Nothing is a bigger magnet than self-confidence.
Nothing is a bigger turn off than a pair of dirty jeans, a smelly shirt and a shaggy face.
Nothing is a bigger turnoff in an interview than a candidate who appears to be desperate.
Nothing is a certainty but backing the home side looks like one of the better bets of the day.
Nothing is a challenge.
Nothing is a coincidence.
Nothing is a complete success.
Nothing is a cure-all.
Nothing is a definite color.
Nothing is a dog unless it is a mammal.
Nothing is a done deal.
Nothing is a foregone conclusion.
Nothing is a given in the workplace.
Nothing is a given.
Nothing is a greater indication of success than competition.
Nothing is a greater life companion than good books.
Nothing is a greater test of our character.
Nothing is a guarantee but there are steps that can be taken toward that goal.
Nothing is a little strong, but barely anything wrong.
Nothing is a long shot.
Nothing is a mathsemantic problem.
Nothing is a mere detail.
Nothing is a mess.
Nothing is a mistake.
Nothing is a more beautiful pretext than struggle for freedom of speech and freedom of the press.
Nothing is a more common subject of remark than the changed condition of the world.
Nothing is a more undeniable giveaway of an amateur than a title left without kerning.
Nothing is a moving, practical, lovingly written book.
Nothing is a one-way street.
Nothing is a perfect insulator.
Nothing is a pre-fab product.
Nothing is a secret anymore.
Nothing is a secret on the Internet.
Nothing is a secret.
Nothing is a setback it is just a loss.
Nothing is a simple as it at first appears, and the drug problem is far from simple.
Nothing is a sketch.
Nothing is a strictly diurnal activity.
Nothing is a stronger motivator than self-interest, of course.
Nothing is a stupid question either.
Nothing is a tricky concept to describe.
Nothing is a universal . . .
Nothing is a waste of time.
Nothing is a waste that makes a memory.
Nothing is a write off, nothing is a pathetic defeat.
Nothing is abandoned, crumbling, alone, gnarled or wrinkled.
Nothing is able to come out of a black hole, even light.
Nothing is about Africa.
Nothing is about to be signed.
Nothing is about to change.
Nothing is above truth for man.
Nothing is absolute against crime.
Nothing is absolute in Mysticism.
Nothing is absolute in painting.
Nothing is absolute, as the old moral standards are being discarded.
Nothing is absolute.
Nothing is absolutely inevitable from the findings.
Nothing is absolutely necessary, but texture is everything.
Nothing is absolutely safe.
Nothing is absolutely secure.
Nothing is acceptable except running and running hard.
Nothing is accepted as correct and true without a reliable scientific background.
Nothing is accepted late, so try to finish the assignment with time to spare.
Nothing is accepted without evidence.
Nothing is accessible in private housing.
Nothing is accidental or innocent according to current proponents of sexual harassment legislation.
Nothing is accidental.
Nothing is accomplished by hearing a piece of music.
Nothing is accomplished by playing a piece of music.
Nothing is accomplished except hateful bickering.
Nothing is accomplished in the world without it.
Nothing is accomplished quickly in the game and most of the missions are battles of attrition.
Nothing is accomplished when one misrepresents the opposition.
Nothing is achieved.
Nothing is acknowledged.
Nothing is acquired by purchase.
Nothing is acquired in a day. . . .
Nothing is actually a lie but the innuendo points in that direction.
Nothing is actually dead.
Nothing is added - no preservatives, colorings or sugar.
Nothing is added . . .
Nothing is added after the moment of fertilization.
Nothing is added and nothing is taken away.
Nothing is added for shrinkage.
Nothing is added in terms of a specification of liability requirements.
Nothing is added or palmed away.
Nothing is added or removed.
Nothing is added or subtracted from the original text.
Nothing is added or taken away and ensures high bran and oil values and exceptional flavour.
Nothing is added or taken away to achieve the illusion.
Nothing is added or taken away.
Nothing is added to it or sprayed on.
Nothing is added to our candy from tree trunk to table top.
Nothing is added to the environment.
Nothing is added to the lake water other than heat as it passes through the heat exchange facility.
Nothing is added to the mythology.
Nothing is added to the water and no toxic materials or gases are released.
Nothing is added to the water and, other than a degassing effect, nothing is removed from the water.
Nothing is added to the water, nor is anything removed from it.
Nothing is added, and the ham goes through a long, slow cure.
Nothing is added, nothing is taken away.
Nothing is added, only the water is removed.
Nothing is added.
Nothing is addressed to the individual, but everything is addressed to the composite audience.
Nothing is adhesive enough to stick.
Nothing is affirmed by the fact of a congress as to the absolute value of the credos.
Nothing is afoot, amiss, aloof or anulled.
Nothing is against the rule as to help a younger player to tally the count of the roll.
Nothing is agreed to until everything is agreed to.
Nothing is agreed until everything is agreed.
Nothing is agreed upon yet.
Nothing is ahead but hassle.
Nothing is aimed into the eye.
Nothing is alive there naturally.
Nothing is alive.
Nothing is all bad or all good.
Nothing is all bad.
Nothing is all black or white.
Nothing is all men's affair anymore.
Nothing is all that great or all that permanent.
Nothing is all wrong.
Nothing is allotted for other emergency services.
Nothing is altered into feminist language.
Nothing is altered on the Congo.
Nothing is altered or researched.
Nothing is always easier.
Nothing is always easy.
Nothing is always right or always wrong.
Nothing is always something.
Nothing is always true, however.
Nothing is always.
Nothing is amiss.
Nothing is amplified.
Nothing is an accident.
Nothing is an answer sometimes.
Nothing is an award just as much as something is.
Nothing is an evil which tends to the greatest happiness.
Nothing is an illusion.
Nothing is an imposition here.
Nothing is an object here.
Nothing is annual the first time.
Nothing is answered.
Nothing is any different today.
Nothing is any longer right.
Nothing is any longer the same.
Nothing is any longer too small to be important.
Nothing is any more exciting than bringing together people with their past.
Nothing is any one way, and everything is a matter of the viewing point.
Nothing is any one way, and everything is a matter of viewing point.
Nothing is anybody's fault, nobody is to blame, and, by extension, nothing can be done.
Nothing is anyone's fault.
Nothing is anything by itself.
Nothing is anywhere.
Nothing is apparent yet.
Nothing is appended to the drawing.
Nothing is applied to reducing the principal.
Nothing is appreciated.
Nothing is arbitrary.
Nothing is arrayed in opposition to the legislation except indifference and time.
Nothing is as ancient as progress.
Nothing is as attrac-tive and appealing as someone who is confident and relaxed about who they are.
Nothing is as attractive and unceasingly curious as character.
Nothing is as attractive as a baby frolicking amongst the wildflowers.
Nothing is as awesome as when something happens naturally.
Nothing is as awkward as a rusty superstar on display as a walking museum piece.
Nothing is as bad as it looks.
Nothing is as bad as it seems at the moment.
Nothing is as beautiful.
Nothing is as before, for nothing has happened.
Nothing is as boring as it appears at first glance.
Nothing is as bright.
Nothing is as burdensome as a secret.
Nothing is as certain as change.
Nothing is as certain as that the vices of leisure are gotten rid of by being busy.
Nothing is as cold as the North Wind.
Nothing is as comfortable or impressive as a truly clean home or office.
Nothing is as comforting as green, living plants all over the house.
Nothing is as confusing to patients as medical disagreements among physicians.
Nothing is as constant as change, or so they say.
Nothing is as constant as change.
Nothing is as constant as changes in Fashion.
Nothing is as contagious as enthusiasm.
Nothing is as contagious as example.
Nothing is as contagious as honest enthusiasm.
Nothing is as convincing as the demonstration that a child with cancer has been cured.
Nothing is as dangerous as a man who wants to save the world and has the power to attempt it.
Nothing is as detrimental to a visit with a lawmaker than rudeness, vulgarity, or threats.
Nothing is as difficult, time consuming, and ultimately rewarding as raising children.
Nothing is as discouraging as a newsletter filled with failure.
Nothing is as discouraging as chaos and confusion.
Nothing is as disorienting as being flipped through the air.
Nothing is as distracting as a missing word, a repeated expression.
Nothing is as distructive to children.
Nothing is as easy as it looks.
Nothing is as easy as it ought to be.
Nothing is as educational and enlightening as an honest exchange of ideas.
Nothing is as effective as a sucking baby.
Nothing is as effective in busting stress.
Nothing is as effective in reducing cigarette smoking among youth.
Nothing is as far away as one minute ago.
Nothing is as fast as the real unit.
Nothing is as fickle as a two year old.
Nothing is as foreboding as an unspecified threat.
Nothing is as frightening as doing something new for the first time.
Nothing is as frightening as the unknown.
Nothing is as frustrating as being shoved from one unwanting soul to another like a hot potato.
Nothing is as frustrating as equipment problems getting in the way of performance.
Nothing is as frustrating as having to program on a slow computer.
Nothing is as fun as laughter.
Nothing is as fun, popular and nutritious as popcorn.
Nothing is as good as a good helping of clover honey on a buttered biscuit.
Nothing is as good as it seems beforehand.
Nothing is as good as perfect, unaided vision.
Nothing is as good as the input it can elicit and therefore can be improved with time.
Nothing is as good as using soap and water combined with good physical scrubbing.
Nothing is as guiltless as our lovely feathered friends.
Nothing is as guiltless, open, enticing, unrelenting, expansive, or as consuming, as thought.
Nothing is as hard as landing.
Nothing is as hard at it seems.
Nothing is as hard to undo as a poorly chosen global replace.
Nothing is as hard to win or as easy to lose as a good client.
Nothing is as impersonal as a form letter, except possibly a form e-mail.
Nothing is as important as an initial consultation visit.
Nothing is as important as our children's well being.
Nothing is as important as reliability.
Nothing is as important as staying right spiritually.
Nothing is as important as the first impression.
Nothing is as important as the notice when it comes time to file an eviction with the court.
Nothing is as important for living standards than the productivity growth rate.
Nothing is as important to an endurance rider as the overall soundness of their horse.
Nothing is as impressive to the reader of a personal statement as the ring of truth.
Nothing is as inevitable as a mistake whose time has come.
Nothing is as interesting as emptying a bottle of beer, unless it's designing one.
Nothing is as interesting to watch as other people.
Nothing is as it appears or can be neatly catagorized.
Nothing is as it appears to be.
Nothing is as it appears, be careful with conventional drugs.
Nothing is as it appears.
Nothing is as it has been, and both men and things are in a state of rapid flux.
Nothing is as it once was.
Nothing is as it seams.
Nothing is as it seems . . . .
Nothing is as it seems . . .
Nothing is as it seems to be.
Nothing is as it seems, and tomorrow, it promises to be something different yet again.
Nothing is as it seems, much like the fundamental principals that govern the universe.
Nothing is as it seems.
Nothing is as it used to be.
Nothing is as it was a moment ago.
Nothing is as it was before.
Nothing is as it was remembered.
Nothing is as it was.
Nothing is as lovable as a tattoo.
Nothing is as lusty as a summer night or as romantically sad as an autumn day.
Nothing is as much a nuisance, or as inconsistent.
Nothing is as much fun as watching the whole family at play.
Nothing is as mysterious as an infant.
Nothing is as nice as a cheerful word of greeting.
Nothing is as nothing was.
Nothing is as obnoxious to one delivered by free grace as legalism.
Nothing is as obvious as it seems.
Nothing is as old as yesterdays news .
Nothing is as old as yesterdays news, goes the saying.
Nothing is as old as yesterdays newspaper unless it's last month's magazine ad.
Nothing is as old as yesterday's newspaper unless it's last month's magazine ad.
Nothing is as old as yesterday's newspaper, let alone last year s.
Nothing is as opposed to the gospel as the ethos of rock music.
Nothing is as paramount as to parents as the safety of their children.
Nothing is as pathetic as a hack that nobody knows. . . .
Nothing is as pathetic as a sick, unemployed, long-time heroin user.
Nothing is as pathetic as the individual who is challenged but refuses to acknowledge it.
Nothing is as peaceful as awful explosions.
Nothing is as permanent nor constant as change.
Nothing is as personal as a woodworker's saw.
Nothing is as pitiable as a man afraid of a woman.
Nothing is as planned once lilacs and the rose go by.
Nothing is as potent as human touch . . .
Nothing is as powerful as activity.
Nothing is as powerful as an idea whose time has come.
Nothing is as powerful as and idea whose time has come.
Nothing is as powerful as compound interest.
Nothing is as powerful as faith in building character.
Nothing is as powerful as faith in maintaining the integrity of the family.
Nothing is as powerful as faith in protecting the most vulnerable in society.
Nothing is as powerful as faith in turning people away from drugs, violence, idleness and despair.
Nothing is as powerful as prayer.
Nothing is as powerful as religious faith in building character.
Nothing is as powerful as the human touch in education.
Nothing is as powerful for givers as to be thanked by their own employees for making a gift.
Nothing is as practical as a good theory.
Nothing is as precious as good health.
Nothing is as precious as the words of the Torah.
Nothing is as pretty or sweet-smelling when it comes up a second time.
Nothing is as real as a dream.
Nothing is as real as a healthy dose of magic which restores our spirits.
Nothing is as relaxing as the sound of chimes in the wind.
Nothing is as rewarding as pursuing happily a career that generates love, belief and success.
Nothing is as rewarding or fun as winning a championship, or two.
Nothing is as safe as a legal adoption.
Nothing is as satisfying as a good tackle.
Nothing is as satisfying as a little righteous indignation.
Nothing is as satisfying as lawn care.
Nothing is as scary as entering bootcamp.
Nothing is as secure or as 'crashable' if it gets into an accident, because it has more structure.
Nothing is as serene as paddling down a glassy river or stream on a cool spring day in a canoe.
Nothing is as shaky as a partnership founded on desperation.
Nothing is as sharp-edged, nothing as uncompromised, nothing is even close.
Nothing is as significant as it appears to be.
Nothing is as simple and direct as giving cash.
Nothing is as simple as it first appears.
Nothing is as simple as it seems in Madagascar.
Nothing is as simple as it seems.
Nothing is as simple as it used to be.
Nothing is as simple as the first boyish installment of the story proposes.
Nothing is as spectacular as catching nature in action.
Nothing is as still as it looks.
Nothing is as strange as walking through a summer playground in winter.
Nothing is as strong as gentleness or as gentle as strength.
Nothing is as strong as gentleness Or as gentle as strength.
Nothing is as strong as the bond of family.
Nothing is as successful as success.
Nothing is as sure to eat up time as hauling a pack around.
Nothing is as sweet and tender as the waltz.
Nothing is as sweet as a fresh picked field mushroom.
Nothing is as temporary as that which is called permanent.
Nothing is as terrible to see as ignorance in action.
Nothing is as the reader expects.
Nothing is as tough as it seems.
Nothing is as tricky in the world of success as excellence.
Nothing is as uncool as looking too made-up.
Nothing is as unimportant as a party platform.
Nothing is as uninviting as a dark bus shelter.
Nothing is as unprofessional looking as a site with spelling mistakes.
Nothing is as valuable as contact with the teachers and discussion outside the classroom.
Nothing is as vulnerable as a new idea.
Nothing is as whole as a broken heart.
Nothing is as wholesome as mother's milk.
Nothing is as wholsome as fresh from the oven home-style bread.
Nothing is as widely appealing.
Nothing is assumed about the nature of the meaning.
Nothing is assumed and no jargon is used.
Nothing is assumed from the process.
Nothing is assumed to be occurring until a thorough evaluation takes place.
Nothing is assumed, give valid regexps.
Nothing is assumed.
Nothing is assured.
Nothing is at all shocking or unusual about the setting, but everything fits together really neatly.
Nothing is at last .
Nothing is at last sacred but the integrity of our minds.
Nothing is at last sacred but the integrity of our own mind.
Nothing is at once discovered and perfected.
Nothing is at stake.
Nothing is attached to the operator, poviding complete independence.
Nothing is attached to the operator, providing complete independence.
Nothing is attached to the person using the system.
Nothing is attached to the user.
Nothing is attached to the user's head or body.
Nothing is auto configured.
Nothing is automated to the major search engines.
Nothing is automatic about it.
Nothing is automatic anymore, that's for sure.
Nothing is automatic.
Nothing is 'automatic'.
Nothing is available about diseases parasites or competitors.
Nothing is available electronically.
Nothing is available for non members.
Nothing is available for purchase.
Nothing is available for sicklepod or large-seeded broadleaf weeds, so avoid fields with histories.
Nothing is available on Linux for free and with source provided that can do broadcast output.
Nothing is available on tape.
Nothing is available to prevent stomach ulcers from occurring in the first place.
Nothing is available, however, so they look elsewhere.
Nothing is available.
Nothing is bad.
Nothing is banned.
Nothing is based on fact.
Nothing is beautiful in the pit, a body without a head, with blood spilling all over the place.
Nothing is beautiful or loving or political aside from underground stems and rhizomes.
Nothing is beautiful unless it can be destroyed.
Nothing is beautiful.
Nothing is because itself, everything is a whole.
Nothing is before it has been uttered in a clear voice.
Nothing is before the beginning.
Nothing is bend-proof.
Nothing is beneath their notice.
Nothing is bent or broken even from tough no-till fields.
Nothing is better after a hard days work than to sit back and enjoy a hard-earned refreshing beer.
Nothing is better for a big fat ass than chicken soup.
Nothing is better for a good friendship than positive and uplifting talks.
Nothing is better for a holy person than when one holds one's mind back from what is endearing.
Nothing is better for a quick fix of hope than reading about someone else who has been through it.
Nothing is better for business than publicity.
Nothing is better for cookie making than unbleached flour.
Nothing is better for economic prosperity than the sure economic justice of capitalism.
Nothing is better for giving the day a happy feeling of togetherness and belonging.
Nothing is better for learning a programming language than samples of working code.
Nothing is better for motivation than having a workout partner.
Nothing is better for one's self-esteem than that magical feeling of being in the groove.
Nothing is better for teaching than personal narratives.
Nothing is better for the game than exposure.
Nothing is better for the U.S. or for Japan.
Nothing is better in Bangkok.
Nothing is better inspiration than talking to people and hands-on experience.
Nothing is better on a crisp fall day then a nice cozy fire.
Nothing is better on a sunny morning than the sweet smell of rou bao steaming hot and fresh.
Nothing is better on a warm summer night than a frosty mug of rootbeer with some creamy ice cream.
Nothing is better or truer than anything else.
Nothing is better or worse than anything else.
Nothing is better proof that that.
Nothing is better than a bag of chips and salsa on a friday night.
Nothing is better than a day on the lake.
Nothing is better than a fenced yard.
Nothing is better than a free lottery.
Nothing is better than a fresh perogy, stolen from the bowl just after it has been cooked.
Nothing is better than a good horse coupled with breathtaking views.
Nothing is better than a house filled with the warm smell of freshly baked bread.
Nothing is better than a meal with a fine wine.
Nothing is better than a motivated seller.
Nothing is better than a picture for documentation, communication or evidence.
Nothing is better than a tomato warm from the garden.
Nothing is better than a warm bowl of soup on a blustery winter day.
Nothing is better than an image no individual produced.
Nothing is better than an informational meeting.
Nothing is better than an internship, paid, or unpaid.
Nothing is better than an obedient lesbian slavegirl on a leash.
Nothing is better than an uncool moment in a slick situation.
Nothing is better than bashing buttons until everything on the screen is blown up.
Nothing is better than comedy.
Nothing is better than comparing notes with another person in love with the same type of car.
Nothing is better than depth perception for creating impact.
Nothing is better than eternal happiness.
Nothing is better than feeling like part of the team, especially a nice big one.
Nothing is better than finishing a session in the studio.
Nothing is better than free time to listen to music, and snuggle up with a good book or movie.
Nothing is better than fresh baked goods during the holidays.
Nothing is better than giving people corgi-kisses, especially kids.
Nothing is better than gloating while acting contrite.
Nothing is better than good news.
Nothing is better than good, hard, honest exertion of muscle, sinew, and energy.
Nothing is better than grace.
Nothing is better than hands-on training.
Nothing is better than having a family.
Nothing is better than hearing the ocean and to view the sea of stars out one's windows at night.
Nothing is better than home.
Nothing is better than laughter.
Nothing is better than love.
Nothing is better than money in the bank.
Nothing is better than music at reaching inside a person and pulling out hidden feelings.
Nothing is better than natural sunlight and grazing.
Nothing is better than parental supervision.
Nothing is better than reading and writing to develop children's reading and writing.
Nothing is better than receiving unclaimed money.
Nothing is better than roast pork or ham when celebrating holidays together.
Nothing is better than running around a familiar scene from the movies.
Nothing is better than sandwiches of the leftovers.
Nothing is better than seeing someone get well and back on their feet again.
Nothing is better than setting a real-world example.
Nothing is better than simplicity, and the sunlight of letters is simplicity.
Nothing is better than sitting down to a good meal prepared in the out of doors over a natural fire.
Nothing is better than starting a match with a stiff iron shot.
Nothing is better than steak.
Nothing is better than that eye.
Nothing is better than that positive feeling.
Nothing is better than that.
Nothing is better than to help someone find their dream home.
Nothing is better than transition basketball, running the break.
Nothing is better than true stories of young people to evangelize other young people.
Nothing is better than true stories of young people to evangelize young people.
Nothing is better than turkey.
Nothing is better than watching a system work on the real data.
Nothing is better than winning.
Nothing is better than young girls in thongs.
Nothing is better than.
Nothing is better then something else.
Nothing is better to run a river and fish from than a wood boat.
NOthing is better.
Nothing is better.
Nothing is between the edges .
Nothing is beyond analysis.
Nothing is beyond consideration.
Nothing is beyond discussion.
Nothing is beyond our ability to produce with our associates.
Nothing is beyond our control.
Nothing is beyond our grasp.
Nothing is beyond our reach.
Nothing is beyond reproach.
Nothing is beyond that touch or grasp.
Nothing is beyond the numbers or beyond the grips of the planets.
Nothing is beyond the pale of conversation.
Nothing is beyond the pale.
Nothing is beyond the reach of imagination in a circle of friends.
Nothing is beyond the reach of the skilled animation professional.
Nothing is beyond their intellectual grasp.
Nothing is bigger than the dance.
Nothing is binding until the site owner verifies agreement by replying to that e-mail.
Nothing is binding upon any party until an agreed settlement is reached.
Nothing is binding.
Nothing is black and white in regard to predicting fraud.
Nothing is black and white, however.
Nothing is black and white.
Nothing is black before the sun comes up and so is everything.
Nothing is black or white, fortunately or unfortunately.
Nothing is black or white, only various shadings of grey.
Nothing is black or white.
Nothing is blatant.
Nothing is blocked out.
Nothing is blocked.
Nothing is blown.
Nothing is booked.
Nothing is boring.
Nothing is born here.
Nothing is born.
Nothing is borrowed from abroad.
Nothing is both round and square.
Nothing is both something and nothing.
Nothing is bought and sold.
Nothing is bound by old conditioning.
Nothing is brain surgery except brain surgery.
Nothing is broader than experience.
Nothing is broke.
Nothing is broken - just try back later.
Nothing is broken but they want to fix it.
Nothing is broken by doing it.
Nothing is broken here.
Nothing is broken or incorrect about the song either, so enjoy.
Nothing is broken up into parts.
Nothing is broken, but everything can stand improvement.
Nothing is broken, but some ligaments are strained.
Nothing is broken, but there are some fairly serious sprains and strains.
Nothing is broken.
Nothing is brown, it is perfectly normal in color.
Nothing is built for lefthanders.
Nothing is built for speed here.
Nothing is built in advance.
Nothing is built in to deal with the emotional disruptions.
Nothing is built on nothing.
Nothing is built on stone.
Nothing is built to last, everything is built to be torn down, including the people.
Nothing is built waiting for an order to come.
Nothing is built without a budget.
Nothing is built without a cost plan.
Nothing is bulletproof.
Nothing is burglar-proof.
Nothing is burglarproof.
Nothing is burned and no raw materials are consumed to produce wind power.
Nothing is burned or exploded in a nuclear energy plant.
Nothing is burned or exploded in a nuclear power plant.
Nothing is burned.
Nothing is by accident, and all is energy.
Nothing is by accident, but all is for a reason.
Nothing is by accident.
Nothing is by chance or by fate.
Nothing is by chance, and no motion is without reason or cause.
Nothing is by chance.
Nothing is by rote or done without our full, professional attention.
Nothing is called impossible until it's been tried and proven so.
Nothing is called what it is anymore.
Nothing is called what it is.
Nothing is capitalized.
Nothing is captured in the first place, so there's nothing to find.
Nothing is carried over from the previous edition.
Nothing is carved in marble.
Nothing is carved in stone - everything can be changed, altered and amended.
Nothing is carved in stone.
Nothing is cast in concrete.
Nothing is cast in stone as yet.
Nothing is cast in stone, however.
Nothing is cast in stone,with paintwork.
Nothing is cast in stone.
Nothing is casual.
Nothing is celebrated, except one last fling before school starts.
Nothing is censored.
Nothing is certain about advertising on the Net.
Nothing is certain anymore.
Nothing is certain at sea.
Nothing is certain but death and taxes.
Nothing is certain for next year, however.
Nothing is certain here, everything collapses in a few seconds.
Nothing is certain in baseball.
Nothing is certain in cyberspace but accelerating change.
Nothing is certain in life except death and taxes.
Nothing is certain in life, but death and taxes.
Nothing is certain in life, but some uncertainties are harder to deal with than others.
Nothing is certain in life, especially in a probabilistic model.
Nothing is certain in life.
Nothing is certain in the forecast, except for the date.
Nothing is certain in the optical switching business.
Nothing is certain in the social world.
Nothing is certain in war.
Nothing is certain now.
Nothing is certain though.
Nothing is certain until the check is cashed.
Nothing is certain until the merger takes place and the legal challenges are settled.
Nothing is certain where mortal love is concerned.
Nothing is certain yet.
Nothing is certain, and the future is daunting.
Nothing is certain, but awareness does bring a little peace of mind.
Nothing is certain, but MD's future is more promising than ever.
Nothing is certain, but nothing is being ruled out.
Nothing is certain, but there are several clues.
Nothing is certain, everything is up for decision.
Nothing is certain, however.
Nothing is certain, it is said, except for death and taxes.
Nothing is certain, of course.
Nothing is certain, only the certain spring.
Nothing is certain, yet everything depends on something else.
Nothing is certain.
Nothing is changed and workers are left with even less than they had.
Nothing is changed but the name.
Nothing is changed by a mediocre performance.
Nothing is changed genetically about the plant except the color of the leaves.
Nothing is changed on the Web site itself.
Nothing is changed or saved.
Nothing is changed.
Nothing is changing, everything is permanent.
Nothing is chaotic about the arrangement at all.
Nothing is charged until the job is complete.
Nothing is charged until the plants are posted.
Nothing is cheap.
Nothing is cheaper and more reliable in coverage than a pager.
Nothing is cheaper than money.
Nothing is cheaper than the insurance value of a system backup.
Nothing is China is that straightforward.
Nothing is chiseled in concrete when it comes to building bikes of any kind.
Nothing is classier than a Vargas woman.
Nothing is classified to the best of our knowledge.
Nothing is clear cut here.
Nothing is clear cut.
Nothing is clear on that point yet.
Nothing is clear or fresh about any of the songs, except maybe the titles.
Nothing is clear when it comes to licensing.
Nothing is clear yet.
Nothing is clear, because everything is told from the perspective of one person.
Nothing is clear.
Nothing is clear-cut in the fight game.
Nothing is clear-cut, however.
Nothing is clearly absolute, rather it is probabilistic .
Nothing is close enough to walk to.
Nothing is close.
Nothing is closer to the land and resources as being part of it.
Nothing is coincidence.
Nothing is coincidental.
Nothing is commented.
Nothing is common among the two nations except common hatred.
Nothing is communicated directly to another.
Nothing is comparable to it.
Nothing is comparable to the emotions that they can feel.
Nothing is comparable.
Nothing is compartmentalized, and nobody falls through the cracks.
Nothing is compelled or coerced by the long, powerful arm of our national organization.
Nothing is complete by itself.
Nothing is complete without socks.
Nothing is complete without the golden Peruvian drink.
Nothing is complete, and thus nothing is exempt from criticism. . .
Nothing is completely altruistic.
Nothing is completely and merely individual.
Nothing is completely itself without everything else.
Nothing is completely perfect.
Nothing is completely realistic.
Nothing is completely risk-free.
Nothing is completely safe and there is no one factor that makes one stock safer than another.
Nothing is completely safe, and preventive care is essential.
Nothing is completely safe.
Nothing is completely secure in the technology world today.
Nothing is completely secure.
Nothing is completely separate from anything else.
Nothing is completely straight anymore.
Nothing is complex.
Nothing is complicated about it.
Nothing is comprised.
Nothing is compromised in The Learning Station.
Nothing is compromised.
Nothing is compulsory.
Nothing is concealed by falsehood, reserve, or false modesty. . . .
Nothing is concealed on performer.
Nothing is concealed or intentionally distorted.
Nothing is concealed.
Nothing is concise or to the point.
Nothing is concrete at the moment.
Nothing is concrete now, but just something to try out.
Nothing is concrete yet though.
Nothing is concrete yet.
Nothing is confirmed as of yet though.
Nothing is confirmed nor denied.
Nothing is confirmed though.
Nothing is confirmed, though.
Nothing is confirmed.
Nothing is connected besides the muscles around the hip.
Nothing is connected to anything else.
Nothing is considered insurmountable as they pursue their course.
Nothing is considered news today unless it involves the Internet.
Nothing is considered off-topic.
Nothing is considered taboo or ugly.
Nothing is considered too outrageous, silly or unreasonable.
Nothing is consistant.
Nothing is consistent about Russia.
Nothing is consistent or reliable in their lives.
Nothing is consistent.
Nothing is const.
Nothing is constant but change.
Nothing is constant except change.
Nothing is constant except constant change.
Nothing is constant here.
Nothing is constant without change.
Nothing is constant, of course.
Nothing is constant.
Nothing is contained in the file, just a file of that name needs to exist.
Nothing is contested at present.
Nothing is contracted.
Nothing is contradicted until it is proven in the field.
Nothing is contrived.
Nothing is controlled by satan.
Nothing is convenient but it s so interesting.
Nothing is cool enough besides the staff to be on the poll.
Nothing is cool if everyone does it.
Nothing is cool or creative once it's lying in a crumpled mass on the floor.
Nothing is cool.
Nothing is cooler just because it is cyber.
Nothing is cooler than anything else right now.
Nothing is copyrighted, and duplication is encouraged.
Nothing is copyrighted, feel free to use anything here.
Nothing is copyrighted.
Nothing is copywritten, so go for it.
Nothing is cost-free.
Nothing is counted but bona fiede composition.
Nothing is covered in depth, and nothing is covered completely accurately.
Nothing is cramped, flimsy or frantic.
Nothing is created and perfect at the same moment.
Nothing is created by arranging or rearranging letters, much less something so powerful as hate.
Nothing is created by it.
Nothing is created from a single snapshot of time.
Nothing is created from a vacuum.
Nothing is created from nonexistence.
Nothing is created in isolation, and all life evolves in relationship to all living beings.
Nothing is created in the world to be destroyed and consumed by another.
Nothing is created in vain.
Nothing is created in worlds without love.
Nothing is created through itself.
Nothing is critical about the construction.
Nothing is critical.
Nothing is crowded here, and the pace is slow.
Nothing is crowded here.
Nothing is crystal clear, everything is ambiguous.
Nothing is current ly known about it.
Nothing is currently on.
Nothing is cut and dried anymore.
Nothing is cut and dried, however, for the industry is evolving.
Nothing is cut and dried.
Nothing is cut off.
Nothing is cut or edited out of the digest version.
Nothing is cut or filed away.
Nothing is cut or tucked or pulled.
Nothing is cut out.
Nothing is cut.
Nothing is cuter than a puppy.
Nothing is damaged .
Nothing is damaged.
Nothing is danceable, singable or memorable.
Nothing is dangling loose, everything is secure and orderly.
Nothing is dated.
Nothing is dead here.
Nothing is dead matter in the universe.
Nothing is dead, but nothing is in the works.
Nothing is dead.
Nothing is deader than yesterday's science-fiction.
Nothing is dealt with on a surface level- there are always layers of meaning behind each encounter.
Nothing is dearer than life itself.
Nothing is decided as of yet.
Nothing is decided for sure as yet.
Nothing is decided in Malaysia.
Nothing is decided yet.
Nothing is decided.
Nothing is decipherable and nothing is kept.
Nothing is deducted for administrative expenses.
Nothing is deducted for overhead or administrative expenses.
Nothing is deducted for overhead, operating, or travel expenses.
Nothing is deducted or subtracted for wrong answers.
Nothing is deducted, nothing is added.
Nothing is deemed official or real unless it's written.
Nothing is deep fried.
Nothing is deep, difficult or profound when understood.
Nothing is definate yet.
Nothing is definite as of now.
Nothing is definite as of yet.
Nothing is definite as yet.
Nothing is definite at all.
Nothing is definite in the financial markets.
Nothing is definite in TV or film, or even comics for that matter.
Nothing is definite on that account.
Nothing is definite yet but the loud buzz sounds promising.
Nothing is definite yet but they still hope to make that European tour in the fall.
Nothing is definite yet.
Nothing is definite.
Nothing is definitive.
Nothing is deja vu.
Nothing is deleted and de-fringed.
Nothing is deleted, and nothing is interrupted.
Nothing is demanded of the relativist.
Nothing is demonstrable, unless the contrary implies a contradiction.
Nothing is denied a person through celestial marriage.
Nothing is denied or restrained.
Nothing is denied.
Nothing is deplorable.
Nothing is described merely to illustrate.
Nothing is desired.
Nothing is destined in astrology.
Nothing is destroyed after the request.
Nothing is destroyed despite the wording in the prompt.
Nothing is destroyed through losing.
Nothing is destroyed.
Nothing is determined by increasing scientific knowledge per se.
Nothing is determined by man.
Nothing is developed.
Nothing is different except the modality.
Nothing is different for New Hampshire material.
Nothing is different from the way it was before.
Nothing is different here.
Nothing is different now.
Nothing is different, thats the point.
Nothing is different.
Nothing is difficult and harder to operate than a rowboat full of hides.
Nothing is difficult to a man who has persistence.
Nothing is difficult to the strong.
Nothing is difficult, when gain and honour unite their influence.
Nothing is digital.
Nothing is directed against any country.
Nothing is disappointing except the size of the bill.
Nothing is disaster-proof, because disasters are by nature impossible to prevent.
Nothing is discarded.
Nothing is discharged into rivers or a community's sewers.
Nothing is discharged to any lakes or streams.
Nothing is discounted.
Nothing is discussed outside the mediation.
Nothing is discussed unless it or a team copy of it is on the web.
Nothing is discussed.
Nothing is displayed during playback.
Nothing is displayed except the summary lines at startup time and when finished.
Nothing is displayed except the summary lines at start-up time and when finished.
Nothing is displayed except the summary lines at startup time and when ping exits.
Nothing is displayed if there are just permissions.
Nothing is displayed on screen, and a soft reboot and the reset key have no effect.
Nothing is dissolved.
Nothing is distinct and separate from anything else.
Nothing is distributed after a niggish sort, neither there is any poor man or beggar.
Nothing is distributed evenly across the United States.
Nothing is divided into six sections.
Nothing is documented.
Nothing is done .
Nothing is done about such inscriptions and their authors.
Nothing is done about their behavior.
Nothing is done actively to hasten death.
Nothing is done alone here.
Nothing is done as usual since it was a white man.
Nothing is done automatically.
Nothing is done by consensus.
Nothing is done by rote.
Nothing is done coercively.
Nothing is done except by individuals, acting alone or in groups.
Nothing is done for free.
Nothing is done for production and everything is done for imports because of baksheesh.
Nothing is done for show.
Nothing is done here.
Nothing is done hit or miss.
Nothing is done if the current size if bigger than the -size requested.
Nothing is done if the frame rectangle is a null rectangle already.
Nothing is done if the string is null.
Nothing is done if the string value is of zero length or sender is nil.
Nothing is done in a fog.
Nothing is done in a government office without the benefit of a bribe.
Nothing is done in a hurry.
Nothing is done in a vacuum with one person doing it all.
Nothing is done in here without purpose.
Nothing is done in secret.
Nothing is done in the spiritual realm by one's own merit.
Nothing is done more to undermine our sense of common responsibility than our failed welfare system.
Nothing is done normally.
Nothing is done on a hit or miss strategy.
Nothing is done on the items other than the one specified.
Nothing is done or revealed unless the client has the desire to do so.
Nothing is done permanently to the nerves.
Nothing is done purely in the abstract.
Nothing is done so far.
Nothing is done there in a small way.
Nothing is done to change the value of the building on the balance sheet.
Nothing is done to enhance the unique campy feeling of the original.
Nothing is done to fix it.
Nothing is done to pander to tourists.
Nothing is done to rebuild it.
Nothing is done to relieve the draconian sentences for crack.
Nothing is done to the clone fileset.
Nothing is done to the Data Area.
Nothing is done to the original.
Nothing is done unless someone complains.
Nothing is done until it is done.
Nothing is done until there's a crisis.
Nothing is done with camera or crowd manipulation to improve the original.
Nothing is done with the famously fickle Pitino until five minutes after it is done.
Nothing is done with the region.
Nothing is done without due process.
Nothing is done without money, nothing is possible without money.
Nothing is done without prayer, whether beginning a new day or conducting a ceremony.
Nothing is done without the other's consent.
Nothing is done, and no money spent, until it needs to be.
Nothing is done, and there is no deal.
Nothing is done, because none of the other students see death as an actual threat either.
Nothing is done, yet nothing remains undone.
Nothing is done.
Nothing is done-up cheap about CrazyPC's selection.
Nothing is downloaded or appropriated unless noted.
Nothing is dragged for hours at a time, nothing is left to soak in the water for a day or more.
Nothing is drawn to the screen when the system is in picking mode.
Nothing is drawn.
Nothing is duller than a rote drill.
Nothing is duller than listening to the training petty officer or chief give every lecture.
Nothing is duller than two people who agree with each other.
Nothing is earmarked for the community and that's disappointing.
Nothing is earth shattering.
Nothing is easier or more cost effective.
Nothing is easier than a gas-fueled fireplace, stove, or insert.
Nothing is easier than being busy - and nothing more difficult than being effective.
Nothing is easier than delegating inter-worker conflicts off to one of the workers.
Nothing is easier than dressing a salad, even for the most uninitiated of cooks.
Nothing is easier than finding fault.
Nothing is easier than just click and go.
Nothing is easier than saying words.
Nothing is easier than self-deceit.
Nothing is easier than the expenditure of public money.
Nothing is easier than to build administrative utopias.
Nothing is easier than to change, remove or add to the material as required.
Nothing is easier than to formalize lynch law against individuals or groups who have been demonized.
Nothing is easier than to rise above the thought of a trifliing loss.
Nothing is easier to find than injustices.
Nothing is easier to ignore faster than a boring business.
Nothing is easier to ignore than a discredited individual.
Nothing is easier to ignore than someone with rabid dog syndrome.
Nothing is easier to implement or more affordable.
Nothing is easier to monitor and intercept than satellite transmission.
Nothing is easier to read than the truth.
Nothing is easier to sell by mail.
Nothing is easier to sell than free stuff.
Nothing is easier to set up and use for Web access than a WebTV device.
Nothing is easier to support than populist legislation.
Nothing is easier.
Nothing is easy and it happens in time.
Nothing Is Easy and more.
Nothing is easy anymore.
Nothing is easy around here.
Nothing is easy here.
Nothing is easy in golf.
Nothing is easy in history, and it is never good to generalize.
Nothing is easy in life, but nothing is impossible, either.
Nothing is easy in pro football.
Nothing is easy in the Caribbean.
Nothing is easy in the life.
Nothing is easy in the lives of plain but passionate governesses trying to get by on their wits.
Nothing is easy to the unwilling, especially in dating and relationships.
Nothing is easy to the unwilling.
Nothing is easy when metaphors and emotional associations are involved.
Nothing is easy with aerial minesweeping.
Nothing is easy, but there are tips that make it less horrendous.
Nothing is easy, especially in the beginning.
Nothing is easy, every inch of earth at hogback seems to be rock or clay.
Nothing is easy, however.
Nothing is easy.
Nothing Is Easy.
Nothing is echoed to the console.
Nothing is educed from potentiality to act except by some being in act .
Nothing is either - or, black or white.
Nothing is either attractive or repulsive, it simply is.
Nothing is either good or bad but alternatives make it so.
Nothing is either good or bad, evarything is in between.
Nothing is either good or bad.
Nothing is either pure or corrupt.
Nothing is either too great or too small other than by comparison.
Nothing is either true or false but alternatives make it so.
Nothing is emphasized, nothing is pushed aside.
Nothing is emulated nor is anything done to make the systems less secure.
Nothing is emulated nor is anything done to make the systems more insecure.
Nothing is emulated, nor is anything done to make the system more insecure.
Nothing is endorsed.
Nothing is engraved in stone.
Nothing is enough to someone for whom what is enough is little.
Nothing is enough.
Nothing is Enough.
Nothing is entirely new.
Nothing is equal to satsanga .
Nothing is equal.
Nothing is erased by wanting to erase it.
Nothing is erased from the minutes.
Nothing is esoteric.
Nothing is established yet.
Nothing is esteemed a joke, if it ever happen in the common course of nature.
Nothing is esteemed a miracle if it ever happen in the common course of nature.
Nothing is esteemed a miracle, if it ever happen in the common course of nature.
Nothing is etched in stone right now.
Nothing is etched in stone.
Nothing is eternal except stupidity.
Nothing is eternal.
Nothing is ethnically balanced.
Nothing is even close.
Nothing is even scary anymore.
Nothing is ever a complete failure.
Nothing is ever a slam-dunk.
Nothing is ever a substitute for experience.
Nothing is ever a sure thing in horse racing, but one.
Nothing is ever an easy win.
Nothing is ever anybody's fault.
Nothing is ever anyone's fault.
Nothing is ever as bad as it seems.
Nothing is ever as easy as it looks.
Nothing is ever as easy as it seems.
Nothing is ever as fun as the first time.
Nothing is ever as good as it can get.
Nothing is ever as good as it seems.
Nothing is ever as it seems.
Nothing is ever as simple as it first seems.
Nothing is ever as simple as it seems.
Nothing is ever available.
Nothing is ever big and bad enough.
Nothing is ever certain, especially on the market.
Nothing is ever clear, cut and dry and there are always differing opinions on a subject.
Nothing is ever clear.
Nothing is ever clear-cut or well defined.
Nothing is ever complete.
Nothing is ever completely straightforward, even in the best of models.
Nothing is ever constant except change.
Nothing is ever critical.
Nothing is ever definitive until the day of the fair.
Nothing is ever easy around here.
Nothing is ever easy that is worth it.
Nothing is ever easy.
Nothing is ever equal.
Nothing is ever exactly anything else.
Nothing is ever exactly as one imagines.
Nothing is ever exactly what it seems.
Nothing is ever fair.
Nothing is ever familiar.
Nothing is ever final, and nothing is ever finished.
Nothing is ever final.
Nothing is ever for certain.
Nothing is ever free in life of course.
Nothing is ever free.
Nothing is ever frozen.
Nothing is ever good enough for a complainer.
Nothing is ever good enough.
Nothing is ever idle here.
Nothing is ever impossible, if done in love.
Nothing is ever just ONE thing, unfortunately.
Nothing is ever maintenance free.
Nothing is ever new in Worcester.
Nothing is ever new, progress is illusory.
Nothing is ever normal.
Nothing is ever obvious when it comes to bindings.
Nothing is ever off the record.
Nothing is ever our fault.
Nothing is ever over if it is still nighttime.
Nothing is ever over.
Nothing is ever overwritten.
Nothing is ever perfect.
Nothing is ever permanent, and that goes for the job of starting quarterback.
Nothing is ever permanent.
Nothing is ever predictable in Burma.
Nothing is ever pristine.
Nothing is ever quite as funny as seeing someone fail.
Nothing is ever quite as it seems here.
Nothing is ever quite good enough.
Nothing is ever quite so bad as it is in Yorkshire.
Nothing is ever quite so simple.
Nothing is ever quite that easy.
Nothing is ever quite that simple.
Nothing is ever quite the same again.
Nothing is ever quite the same.
Nothing is ever quite to their liking.
Nothing is ever quite what it seems.
Nothing is ever real until it is experienced.
Nothing is ever really completely over.
Nothing is ever really dead in the legislature.
Nothing is ever really done, it is patched up.
Nothing is ever really free.
Nothing is ever really off the record.
Nothing is ever really right.
Nothing is ever right if it contradicts a command of Scripture.
Nothing is ever right.
Nothing is ever simple in Haiti.
Nothing is ever simple in Thailand.
Nothing is ever simple.
Nothing is ever smooth or goes by plan.
Nothing is ever so easy as that, though.
Nothing is ever so new that it has no relationship to what has gone before.
Nothing is ever so perfect, that no course correction is taken.
Nothing is ever so simple.
Nothing is ever stagnant.
Nothing is ever stale or cloned.
Nothing is ever stationary, no matter what appearances suggest.
Nothing is ever straight down the line, or clear cut anymore.
Nothing is ever straightforward.
Nothing is ever sure in Central Asia, where alliances are fluid and the balance of power precarious.
Nothing is ever that concrete in life.
Nothing is ever that easy, though.
Nothing is ever that simple whenever the industry rolls out a new technology.
Nothing is ever that simple.
Nothing is ever the same again.
Nothing is ever the same twice.
Nothing is ever the same, after that.
Nothing is ever the same, because it's live.
Nothing is ever the same.
Nothing is ever to be tasted in the laboratory.
Nothing is ever too much bother.
Nothing is ever too much to do for a child.
Nothing is ever too much trouble.
Nothing is ever too small or large.
Nothing is ever unanimous.
Nothing is ever what it . . . .
Nothing is ever what it seems but everything is exactly what it is.
Nothing is ever what it seems.
Nothing is every locked.
Nothing is every really long term.
Nothing is everything and life turns it's circle.
Nothing is everything.
Nothing is Everything.
Nothing is evident there.
Nothing is evil, but thinking makes it so.
Nothing is evil, unless something is good.
Nothing is evil.
Nothing is exact.
Nothing is exactly like Web development, but multimedia development is the closest.
Nothing is exactly what it seems.
Nothing is exaggerated .
Nothing is exaggerated, embellished or fabricated to dramatic ends.
Nothing is excessive, everything is realistic and the consequences are always shown.
Nothing is exciting.
Nothing is excluded or rejected.
Nothing is excluded, nothing is separate.
Nothing is excluded, whether it's a wild animal, a bird, anything.
Nothing is excluded.
Nothing is executed against the database.
Nothing is exempt from it.
Nothing is exempt from resurrection.
Nothing is exempt from revision.
Nothing is exempt, everything is sacred.
Nothing is exempt.
Nothing is exempted when determining gross volume of a space.
Nothing is existentially independent.
Nothing is experienced in isolation.
Nothing is experimental about the procedure.
Nothing is experimental.
Nothing is explained in detail.
Nothing is explained, no real information is given.
Nothing is explained.
Nothing is expressed or implied.
Nothing is expressed.
Nothing is external to it.
Nothing is extra.
Nothing is extra-Christian.
Nothing is extracted from the tape.
Nothing is extraneous.
Nothing is fail-safe.
Nothing is fair in war.
Nothing is fair in warfare or politics, it seems.
Nothing is fair.
Nothing is faked here.
Nothing is faked.
Nothing is familiar.
Nothing is fancy but everything is perfect.
Nothing is far and nothing is near, if one desires.
Nothing is far away.
Nothing is far from the truth.
Nothing is farther away from the truth.
Nothing is farther from fact.
Nothing is farther from it than to hide behind a facade.
Nothing is farther from the truth in contemporary Brazil.
Nothing is farther from the truth.
Nothing is farther from true.
Nothing is farther from truth.
Nothing is fast enough to compare to the treasure room right next door.
Nothing is faster and lighter than light.
Nothing is faster and more complete.
Nothing is faster or better at dealing with complex combinatorial logic.
Nothing is faster than a well driven ball into a designated zone.
Nothing is faster than the flight of time.
Nothing is faster than the speed of light.
Nothing is faster.
Nothing is feared more than fire in the tallgrass prairie country of Osage County.
Nothing is felt and nothing is seen.
Nothing is filed unless the parties want to put a settlement agreement on the record.
Nothing is filed with the court at the conclusion of the mediation process.
Nothing is filed, so there is no filing fee.
Nothing is filed.
Nothing is filtered or output in the document.
Nothing is final on a sales price until all the negotiations are complete and agreed upon.
Nothing is final or definite.
Nothing is final until all open rooms have been taken.
Nothing is final until checkout.
Nothing is final until it is final.
Nothing is final until the order is submitted to the server with shipping and payment information.
Nothing is final yet, and there is no timetable for tours to resume, but they are working on it.
Nothing is final yet.
Nothing is final.
Nothing is finalised yet for the Autum term.
Nothing is finalised yet.
Nothing is finalized till the tenancy agreement has been signed.
Nothing is finalized yet.
Nothing is finalized.
Nothing is finer than to be snowed in and make homemade soup.
Nothing is finished until the paperwork is done.
Nothing is finished, but everything exceeds expectations.
Nothing is finished.
Nothing is firm but the eternal.
Nothing is firm yet, and many offers are too expensive.
Nothing is firm yet, but there are several possibilities for next year.
Nothing is firm yet.
Nothing is fixed - it's all variables.
Nothing is fixed and finished, but is always changing.
Nothing is fixed inside that server software.
Nothing is fixed like in traditional advertising.
Nothing is fixed or independent, everything is plastic and takes influence as well as gives it.
Nothing is fixed, everything interpenetrates everything.
Nothing is fixed, nothing is permanent, nothing is transcendent.
Nothing is fixed.
Nothing is flat.
Nothing is flawless.
Nothing is flimsy quality.
Nothing is focused.
Nothing is fool proof to a sufficiently talented fool.
Nothing is fool proof to a talented fool.
Nothing is fool-proof because fools are so ingenious.
Nothing is foolproof because fools are so ingenious.
Nothing is fool-proof because fools are so ingenius.
Nothing is foolproof but seeing the original helps.
Nothing is foolproof due to the ingenuity of fools.
Nothing is fool-proof for a sufficiently talented fool.
Nothing is foolproof if fools try hard enough.
Nothing is foolproof to a sufficiently determined fool.
Nothing is fool-proof to a sufficiently talented fool.
Nothing is foolproof to a sufficiently talented fool.
Nothing is fool-proof to a talented fool.
Nothing is foolproof to a talented fool.
Nothing is foolproof to the sufficiently talented fool.
Nothing is foolproof, because fools are so ingenious If it works, it's obsolete.
Nothing is foolproof, because fools are so ingenious.
Nothing is foolproof.
Nothing is for certain.
Nothing is for ever.
Nothing is for everyone.
Nothing is for free any more.
Nothing is for free in politics.
Nothing is for free in the world.
Nothing is for free, though.
Nothing is for free.
Nothing is for sale here, and no products or services are offered.
Nothing is for sale or ever was.
Nothing is for sale.
Nothing is for sure here.
Nothing is for sure in life.
Nothing is for sure in the music business.
Nothing is for sure sinse all races are still under developement.
Nothing is for sure, nothing is for keeps.
Nothing is for sure, yet.
Nothing is for sure.
Nothing is forbidden in an explanation.
Nothing is forbidden, and there are many healthy choices throughout the book.
Nothing is forbidden.
Nothing is forced and no one feels pushed.
Nothing is forced on a soul, neither attitudes nor understandings.
Nothing is forced or depends upon favor.
Nothing is forced or strained.
Nothing is forced, they come here when they want.
Nothing is forced.
Nothing is foreordained in the course of human events.
Nothing is forever in the automotive business.
Nothing is forever, but it's a permanent transition.
Nothing is forever, except for the fact that nothing is forever.
Nothing is forever, however.
Nothing is forever, nothing is so terrible, or so wonderful, that it wont disintegrate.
Nothing is forever, so accept letting go of things and people.
Nothing is forever.
Nothing Is Forever.
Nothing is forever-no course of study, no trick, no charm.
Nothing is forfeited.
Nothing is forgotten nor is time wasted looking for a needed gizmo or ingredient.
Nothing is forgotten now.
Nothing is forgotten or left out.
Nothing is forgotten.
Nothing is formalized, but some things are clearer.
Nothing is fou-fou or fake.
Nothing is found in the supporting documents to support an assertion.
Nothing is found.
Nothing is four piece pop punk rock band from Orange County New York.
Nothing is fractionated, isolated or added.
Nothing is free - even in the virtual world of a hitman.
Nothing is free and nothing worthwhile is easy.
Nothing is free around here.
Nothing is free as man defines it, because nothing is independent.
Nothing is free but some things are worth keeping.
Nothing is free here.
Nothing is free in Burma.
Nothing is free in diplomacy.
Nothing is free in health care.
Nothing is free in life.
Nothing is free of cost or additional time required to accomplish.
Nothing is free, and everything there comes at a premium price.
Nothing is free, and neither are government-imposed mandates.
Nothing is free, and nothing is without consequence.
Nothing is free, especially confidence.
Nothing is free, especially space on the world wide web.
Nothing is free, even age.
Nothing is free, even if it seems to be.
Nothing is free, even public info brochures have to be ordered by snail mail.
Nothing is free, however.
Nothing is free, including a tax break.
Nothing is free, there is always some making some kind of benefit.
Nothing is free.
Nothing is Free.
Nothing is fresher or more delicious than a New England apple in the fall.
Nothing is from packages.
Nothing is frozen in a city.
Nothing is frozen in time.
Nothing is frozen up.
Nothing is frozen.
Nothing is fucked here, dude.
Nothing is fugitive.
Nothing is fun any more.
Nothing is fun without a challenge.
Nothing is fun.
Nothing is fundamental.
Nothing is fundamentally wrong with the nation's economy.
Nothing is funnier than an amazon taking a bath.
Nothing is funnier than baby jokes.
Nothing is funnier than hearing a British person attempt to say hey y all.
Nothing is funnier than in the moment real life humor.
Nothing is funnier than police work.
Nothing is funnier than seeing visitors in high-heels trying to walk over uneven pahoehoe.
Nothing is funnier than unhappiness.
Nothing is funnier then somebody else getting screwed.
Nothing is funnier to a Japanese person than some gaijin trying to speak their language.
Nothing is funny any more, but then, nothing is sad either.
Nothing is funny any more, nothing is sad either.
Nothing is funny in the morning.
Nothing is funny.
Nothing is further from our thoughts.
Nothing is further from the case.
Nothing is further from the facts.
Nothing is further from the truth if the design is well prepared and managed.
Nothing is further from the truth than such an idea.
Nothing is further from the truth, as a rule.
Nothing is further from the truth, especially when planning a pregnancy.
Nothing is further from the truth.
Nothing is further from truth .
Nothing is further than an arm's length away.
Nothing is gained by being argumentative.
Nothing is gained by carrying it up to a great height.
Nothing is gained by complaining after the fact.
Nothing is gained by denying the fact or possibility of the vision that looked like a dove.
Nothing is gained by excess length.
Nothing is gained by letting the utilities in the state become insolvent.
Nothing is gained by living in fear.
Nothing is gained by merely wishing.
Nothing is gained by omitting important items from the list of risk factors.
Nothing is gained by performances of some puny imbeciles.
Nothing is gained by pretending science can get along without intelligent causes.
Nothing is gained by pretending that 'paedophilia' is some kind of medical condition.
Nothing is gained by pretending.
Nothing is gained by pushing a child who is tired or has lost interest.
Nothing is gained by putting up a front.
Nothing is gained by responding to hate or prejudice with more hate or prejudice.
Nothing is gained by substituting one monopoly for another.
Nothing is gained by such a stratagem here.
Nothing is gained by suggesting that all problems can be solved by simply putting on a happy face.
Nothing is gained by using vituperative language.
Nothing is gained by waiting.
Nothing is gained by winning extra tricks over the bid.
Nothing is gained for the consumer with the deregulation proposal.
Nothing is gained from deep cultivation.
Nothing is gained from the mayor's chair by long speeches.
Nothing is gained here by the use of the half size foot.
Nothing is gained in fighting except that more is learned in pain than in pleasure.
Nothing is gained in practice.
Nothing is gained to the celestial host by comparing it with the terrestrial.
Nothing is gained with war, terrorism, threats.
Nothing is gained without seeing.
Nothing is gained, they point out, in saddling people with payments that are beyond their reach.
Nothing is gained.
Nothing is gaudy nor cheaply done.
Nothing is generated in the error logs.
Nothing is given away or even hinted at.
Nothing is given away.
Nothing is given for free.
Nothing is given in perpetuity.
Nothing is given on a platter out of the goodness of massah's heart.
Nothing is given so profusely as advice.
Nothing is given the benefit of the doubt.
Nothing is given to man on earth.
Nothing is given to men, and the little they can conquer is paid for with unjust deaths.
Nothing is given, beware of promises.
Nothing is glitched, it acts like nothing happened.
Nothing is gloomier than a boarded-up old theater.
Nothing is glorified, or changed to improve readability.
Nothing is glossed over or taken for granted, no experiences labeled as merely 'ordinary'.
Nothing is glossed over to look pretty, the reader gets to see all the horrible details of battle.
Nothing is going be Nickel Creek except Nickel Creek.
Nothing is going on, everything is under control.
Nothing is good all the time.
Nothing is good because of that little thing that once happened.
Nothing is good enough for sentient beings except ultimate limitless liberation.
Nothing is good enough, nothing quite right.
Nothing is good indefinitely and to an unlimited extent.
Nothing is good news.
Nothing is good nor bad but thinking makes it so .
Nothing is good or bad by nature, but only by convention and custom.
Nothing is good or bad, but thinking makes it so.
Nothing is good or bad.
Nothing is good or evil unless mankind makes it so, to coin a phrase.
Nothing is good.
Nothing is gotten out of it.
Nothing is grafted on.
Nothing is gratuitous.
Nothing is grayer than a rainy day in the city.
Nothing is great or little otherwise than by comparison.
Nothing is great, nothing is small in the divine economy.
Nothing is greater than love - it brings trust, it brings faith, and it brings pardon.
Nothing is greater than religion, nothing more exalted than faith.
Nothing is greater.
Nothing is greyed out.
Nothing is ground.
Nothing is guaranteed as a preventative, short of tooling around in a Sherman tank.
Nothing is guaranteed here.
Nothing is guaranteed in basketball, as with everything else in life.
Nothing is guaranteed in farming.
Nothing is guaranteed in life.
Nothing is guaranteed in starting a company.
Nothing is guaranteed in the stock market.
Nothing is guaranteed so far.
Nothing is guaranteed to create more grief than a shortage of stickies.
Nothing is guaranteed to create quite as much panic as a computer virus transmitted by email.
Nothing is guaranteed to upset a Scottish person more as referring to Scotland as England.
Nothing is guaranteed to work.
Nothing is guaranteed under the current system.
Nothing is guaranteed yet.
Nothing is guaranteed, but it is at least a lead.
Nothing is guaranteed, but it is worth a shot.
Nothing is guaranteed, especially for a kicker.
Nothing is guaranteed, except nice foliage.
Nothing is guaranteed, except the restoration of a team's image.
Nothing is guaranteed, including scholarships.
Nothing is guaranteed, of course.
Nothing is guaranteed, the usual disclaimers apply, blah blah blah.
Nothing is guaranteed, though.
Nothing is guaranteed.
Nothing is guarantees, however.
Nothing is guarranteed to be correct.
Nothing is haphazard, nothing is casual.
Nothing is happen.
Nothing is happening anymore, nothing takes place, there is no tension, no dialogue.
Nothing is happening, the soldiers think.
Nothing is hard about it.
Nothing is hard and fast.
Nothing is hard if done for love's sweet sake.
Nothing is hard to a willing mind.
Nothing is hard to figure out.
Nothing is harder on a bird than a cold, snowy winter.
Nothing is harder on a sleeping bag than dirt and oils, no matter how well it's constructed.
Nothing is harder on families than death.
Nothing is harder on the codependent type personality than letting go of a relationship.
Nothing is harder than armed struggle.
Nothing is harder than caring for an aging mom who, for whatever reason, is losing memory.
Nothing is harder than communication with patients and families at the end of life.
Nothing is harder than to get a person who has once been effectually slurred, received again.
Nothing is harder to accept than nothing.
Nothing is harder to bear than the egotism of ignorance and the arrogance of superstition.
Nothing is harder to cope with during a long distance romance than a last minute visit gone awry.
Nothing is harder to read than a page of generalities unrelieved by specific examples.
Nothing is harder.
Nothing is harmed by deleting it.
Nothing is harmed in the process, and everything is returned intact.
Nothing is harmed, but nothing is sent either.
Nothing is harvested until it's ordered.
Nothing is healthy about a healthy tan.
Nothing is heard but the weeping.
Nothing is heard in the phones or speaker, except background hiss from the audio.
Nothing is heartier than a roast.
Nothing is heavy or tiresome anymore.
Nothing is held back for administration or fund raising.
Nothing is held back for administrative costs.
Nothing is held back.
Nothing is held in such high regard.
Nothing is held over our heads for later blackmail.
Nothing is here merely to dazzle.
Nothing is here yet, so be sure to check back later.
Nothing is here yet.
Nothing is here.
Nothing is hid.
Nothing Is Hidden .
Nothing is hidden and everything is seen by angels.
Nothing is hidden away.
Nothing is hidden behind the implant.
Nothing is hidden behind unassuming lyrics, but they simply present the Scripture how it is.
Nothing is hidden by paint.
Nothing is hidden from It.
Nothing is hidden from our users.
Nothing is hidden from view.
Nothing is hidden here.
Nothing is hidden on the way.
Nothing is hidden onstage.
Nothing is hidden or obfuscated in numbers and charts.
Nothing is hidden or obscured from view.
Nothing is hidden, all information and techniques are shared and freely available.
Nothing is hidden, all is recorded.
Nothing is hidden, and summer s grasses won t cover it up either.
Nothing is hidden, implied, assumed or supposed.
Nothing is hidden.
Nothing is hopeless with prayer.
Nothing is hotter than beef when it comes to the foodservice industry.
Nothing is hotter.
Nothing is hurried on Treasure Island.
Nothing is hurried, there is no confusion, no disturbance.
Nothing is hurried.
Nothing is hurt.
Nothing is identified, who the performers are, what country they are in.
Nothing is idle.
Nothing is illegal if a hundred businessmen decide to do it, and that's true anywhere in the world.
Nothing is illegal if a hundred businessmen decide to do it.
Nothing is illegal if one hundred businessmen decide to do it.
Nothing is illegal the way it is.
Nothing is illegal the way that it is.
Nothing is imagined here.
Nothing is immediate.
Nothing is imminent.
Nothing is immune to anything else.
Nothing is immune to everything.
Nothing is implied about objective existence.
Nothing is implied about the quality or state of the product at the time of formal acceptance.
Nothing is implied by that.
Nothing is important in education.
Nothing is important unless it's important to the client.
Nothing is important.
Nothing is imported.
Nothing is 'imposed' by Brussels.
Nothing is imposed on the listener from the outside.
Nothing is imposed.
Nothing is imposible, it is just a little harder.
Nothing is impossible .
Nothing is Impossible .
Nothing is impossible before it has come to pass.
Nothing is impossible for a chemical engineer.
Nothing is impossible for a willing heart.
Nothing is impossible for a willing mind.
Nothing is impossible for anyone impervious to reason.
Nothing is impossible for one who practises regular concentration.
Nothing is impossible if one knows a little perl.
Nothing is impossible in dreams.
Nothing is impossible in the States it always seems.
Nothing is impossible in the United States.
Nothing is impossible including good health.
Nothing is impossible on the Sunset Loop.
Nothing is impossible only challenging.
Nothing is impossible to a man who practises regular concentration.
Nothing is impossible to a willing heart.
Nothing is impossible to a willing mind.
Nothing is impossible to achieve.
Nothing is impossible to industry.
Nothing is impossible to the brave and determined man.
Nothing is impossible under the sun.
Nothing is impossible when it comes to the 'Net.
Nothing is impossible with a little time and a whole lot of money.
Nothing is impossible with god.
Nothing is impossible with the right attitude.
Nothing is impossible, and all things deserve a voice and a chance to be heard.
Nothing is impossible, and finding a compromise is even less impossible.
Nothing is impossible, and nothing is easy.
Nothing is impossible, just highly improbable.
Nothing is impossible, just improbable.
Nothing is impossible, the impossible takes a little longer.
Nothing is impossible.
Nothing is Impossible.
Nothing Is Impossible.
Nothing is improvised in front of the camera.
Nothing is in cement here.
Nothing is in cement or in stone one way or the other.
Nothing is in concrete.
Nothing is in demand or commands a premium price forever.
Nothing is in itself true or false.
Nothing is in motion, but scattered, solitary souls among the hills.
Nothing is in order here, nothing is clear.
Nothing is in our hands.
Nothing is in place right now in the new territory to support or develop a film industry.
Nothing is in production.
Nothing is in stone yet, though.
Nothing is in stone, yet.
Nothing is in stone.
Nothing is in the bank.
Nothing is in the hand of man.
Nothing is in the middle of the road but yellow lines and dead armidillos.
Nothing is in the peritoneal cavity but peritoneal fluid.
Nothing is in the portrait that wasn t meant to be there.
Nothing is in vain.
Nothing is in war.
Nothing is in writing.
Nothing is included about the negative consequences.
Nothing is included in the itinerary.
Nothing is included in the price.
Nothing is included that takes future or anticipated costs into account.
Nothing is inconsequential.
Nothing is incredibly detailed, and most of the game seems dominated by a few colors.
Nothing is independent of the relationships that occur.
Nothing is indestructible, with the possible exception of discount priced fruitcakes.
Nothing is indestructible.
Nothing is indexed.
Nothing is indispensable in the fast-changing world .
Nothing is inert, inactive, jada.
Nothing is inert.
Nothing is inevitable in life.
Nothing is inevitable, of course.
Nothing is inevitable.
Nothing is inexorable but love.
Nothing is infallible it seems.
Nothing is infallible, but the odds of catastrophic failure are very low.
Nothing is infallible.
Nothing is infinite, nothing.
Nothing is inherently boring.
Nothing is inherently evil about money.
Nothing is inherently interesting, just as nothing is inherently boring.
Nothing is inherently urgent or trivial but that some value makes it so.
Nothing is initiated in isolation of inputs, and most of the inputs are unconscious.
Nothing is injected with the acupuncture needles.
Nothing is innocent here.
Nothing is inserted in the merge output.
Nothing is inserted into the text of the page being served.
Nothing is inside, nor outside, because what is inside is also manifested outside.
Nothing is insignificant here.
Nothing is insignificant to record if it catches one's attention.
Nothing is insignificant when it comes to the safety of the aviators of tomorrow.
Nothing is insignificant.
Nothing is installed internally.
Nothing is installed on the hard drive.
Nothing is installed on the machine.
Nothing is insurmountable, nothing is undoable, nothing is unbeatable, nothing is impossible.
Nothing is intelligible by itself.
Nothing is intelligible.
Nothing is intended as advice.
Nothing is intended or implied to be a substitute for professional medical diagnosis and advice.
Nothing is intended to be used as a comparison, because every case of cancer is different.
Nothing is intended to provide medical advice.
Nothing is intended to take the place of professional medical advice.
Nothing is intentionally ambiguous.
Nothing is interesting anymore.
Nothing is interesting today.
Nothing is interrupted.
Nothing is inventive, all is preprogrammed.
Nothing is invincible.
Nothing is inviolate.
Nothing is involved beyond exchanging pieces of paper or making entries in electronic ledgers.
Nothing is irreparable in politics.
Nothing is irreversible even though changing minds is difficult.
Nothing is isolated in the universe.
Nothing is isolated.
Nothing is itself without everything else.
Nothing is itself, either virtuous or shameful, just or unjust, pleasant or painful, good or bad.
Nothing is jagged or abrupt.
Nothing is jollier than a jolly little scruffy puppy.
Nothing is just black and white but within a spectrum of color.
Nothing is just there to look pretty.
Nothing is justification for abuse.
Nothing is kept on the Internet itself.
Nothing is kept.
Nothing is know as yet about the motives.
Nothing is know at the moment about the involved foodborne pathogen.
Nothing is knowledge until it fullfills at least two basic requirements.
Nothing is known about a demo version of Halo.
Nothing is known about abundance.
Nothing is known about Augustine family.
Nothing is known about chronic oral toxicology in animals or humans.
Nothing is known about competitors, diseases, parasites or weather.
Nothing is known about consumer responses to their care.
Nothing is known about disease, competition, or parasites.
Nothing is known about Europa's presumptive mothers.
Nothing is known about Ferdinand.
Nothing is known about habitat requirements for reproduction.
Nothing is known about Heath's life before or as the outbreak began.
Nothing is known about Heath's life before or during the outbreak.
Nothing is known about it other than the title.
Nothing is known about it yet.
Nothing is known about mating behavior or even juvenile habitat.
Nothing is known about parasites, diseases or competitors.
Nothing is known about previous generations.
Nothing is known about quantities of seeds produced or how far they are spread.
Nothing is known about reproductive requirements.
Nothing is known about the author of the poem.
Nothing is known about the business or activities of the Respondent.
Nothing is known about the conquerors except for a few graves from the period.
Nothing is known about the crystal description.
Nothing is known about the dates of reproduction.
Nothing is known about the diet of the spectacled porpoise.
Nothing is known about the early history of the castle.
Nothing is known about the effect on fungi, bacteria and nematodes.
Nothing is known about the fate of thousands of disappeared people.
Nothing is known about the fish which the sockeye encounter in the ocean.
Nothing is known about the food habits of of A. microtis in the wild.
Nothing is known about the four new moons except for their brightness.
Nothing is known about the four new Saturnian moons except for their brightness.
Nothing is known about the gestation period or the birth process. . . .
Nothing is known about the group, however.
Nothing is known about the identity of the hijackers.
Nothing is known about the identity of the master glazier who undertook the job.
Nothing is known about the impact of viruses on microbial vent communities.
Nothing is known about the instruments and the location of the observatory.
Nothing is known about the jute genome.
Nothing is known about the life of the painter.
Nothing is known about the long-term effects of genetically engineered enzymes.
Nothing is known about the meaning.
Nothing is known about the mesopic intensity range in birds.
Nothing is known about the nature of the allergens nor the phototoxic principles.
Nothing is known about the organ.
Nothing is known about the origin and subsequent metabolism of isatin.
Nothing is known about the other five children.
Nothing is known about the other three grave sites.
Nothing is known about the painter s training and early beginnings.
Nothing is known about the price.
Nothing is known about the prophet.
Nothing is known about the show.
Nothing is known about the sun bear's social organization in the wild.
Nothing is known about the views of patients.
Nothing is known about the warrahs reproductive or social behavior.
Nothing is known about their biology.
Nothing is known about their function or evolutionary relationship to other genes.
Nothing is known about their gestation period, or life span in the wild and in captivity.
Nothing is known about their nesting habitat.
Nothing is known about their social structure.
Nothing is known about their survival or mortality rates.
Nothing is known about variation of material strength with scale.
Nothing is known about what hapened to either after that.
Nothing is known about what happened to the little girl.
Nothing is known anent the rays of either party.
Nothing is known as to how long they had occupied the Hocking Valley.
Nothing is known as to the activities of the Respondent.
Nothing is known as to which regions where depicted in that primitive game board.
Nothing is known concerning the habitat requirements for reproduction.
Nothing is known concerning water requirements.
Nothing is known except in relation to persons, ideas, and events.
Nothing is known for certain about someone accessing content.
Nothing is known for certain about their use of tools.
Nothing is known for sure.
Nothing is known in the first round.
Nothing is known more deeply nor so bravely resisted.
Nothing is known of another daughter.
Nothing is known of any other descendants.
Nothing is known of attempts to recover the nuclear weapon and presumably it is still in the ocean.
Nothing is known of Bede's parentage.
Nothing is known of cover or shelter requirements for the bridled white-eye on Guam.
Nothing is known of either person.
Nothing is known of future generations.
Nothing is known of immature stages.
Nothing is known of it.
Nothing is known of Malachi's personal life.
Nothing is known of the biosynthetic pathway of mammalian O-mannosyl glycans.
Nothing is known of the circumstances under which it came to be transplanted into the continent.
Nothing is known of the early stages.
Nothing is known of the family farther back.
Nothing is known of the fate of either invention.
Nothing is known of the fourth book.
Nothing is known of the harts or the serpents mentioned here.
Nothing is known of the incident.
Nothing is known of the internal structures.
Nothing is known of the laws of inheritance.
Nothing is known of the life history.
Nothing is known of the origin of the fire.
Nothing is known of the other two children.
Nothing is known of the pathogenicity of the avian trypanosomes.
Nothing is known of the remaining six children.
Nothing is known of the sister.
Nothing is known of the sixth book.
Nothing is known of the social organization of spectacled bears in the wild.
Nothing is known of the social organization of sun bears in the wild.
Nothing is known of the submerged part of the volcano.
Nothing is known of the third component.
Nothing is known of their fate.
Nothing is known of their fates.
Nothing is known of their history, design, build, or condition.
Nothing is known of their language, and only a smattering of what was a rich religious life is left.
Nothing is known of their martyrdom.
Nothing is known of their mother.
Nothing is known of their present condition nor their prison term.
Nothing is known of their return south with the colder months.
Nothing is known of what happened to the church.
Nothing is known other than the fact that it is a deep dwelling species.
Nothing is known regarding the computational complexity of packet routing.
Nothing is known so far about the demands of the unknown extortionist.
Nothing is known so far about the ventral midbrain.
Nothing is known to be reported about the population biology of the plant.
Nothing is known to survive.
Nothing is known yet about Murmur's past.
Nothing is known yet about the motivation.
Nothing is known yet of the moth's host-plant associations.
Nothing is known, however, about the aircraft's propulsion system.
Nothing is known, or even suspected, about the ecology or natural habitat of the tar baby.
Nothing is known.
Nothing is laid down in tablets of stone.
Nothing is lame when it comes to our feelings.
Nothing is land filled.
Nothing is lasting, nothing is permanent.
Nothing is leaned into, yet nothing is missed.
Nothing is learned about the characters as individuals.
Nothing is learned except forgetfulness.
Nothing is learned from an unreported near miss.
Nothing is learned from it.
Nothing is learned from unreported incidents.
Nothing is learned or gained at the point of crisis.
Nothing is learned without trial, error and effort.
Nothing is learned.
Nothing is left after the star has collapsed expect an extremely intense gravitational field.
Nothing is left ambiguous, and there's an unfortunate, artificially happy ending.
Nothing is left as it was made.
Nothing is left behind.
Nothing is left but a big swirl where the lure was.
Nothing is left but bills.
Nothing is left but bits, fragments.
Nothing is left but doom.
Nothing is left but love, breathing, living, and opening as all.
Nothing is left but m in the numerator or the final units left is m.
Nothing is left but ruins.
Nothing is left but the stalk, white and withered as are the bones of men.
Nothing is left but to make the best of a bad bargain.
Nothing is left except a gorgeous pink sky.
Nothing is left except ashes.
Nothing is left except the dead.
Nothing is left for the imagination to complete.
Nothing is left for the sinner to complete.
Nothing is left for the years.
Nothing is left from it.
Nothing is left from the ancient mosque apart from the portico and the minaret.
Nothing is left from the inner parts.
Nothing is left further west.
Nothing is left in a tent unless that tent is occupied and even then it is just sleeping gear.
Nothing is left in the big old house except an old upright piano, which is for sale.
Nothing is left in the car but the emergency brake handle, shifter, and headliner.
Nothing is left in the car.
Nothing is left in the fields of wheat.
Nothing is left laying around.
Nothing is left now except for the scale house and lots of scrap from the loader.
Nothing is left of economics if one denies the law of the market.
Nothing is left of it in Waterloo today except for a slight trace of the grade.
Nothing is left of it, and the land where it once stood has washed into the sea.
Nothing is left of Midway now.
Nothing is left of the building.
Nothing is left of the city.
Nothing is left of the colossi but their feet.
Nothing is left of the hotel today.
Nothing is left of the house but there are large concrete and tabby pieces that can still be seen.
Nothing is left of the person who once lived, other than memories of their life.
Nothing is left of the port now except the warehouses .
Nothing is left of the town center.
Nothing is left out, and it is suprisingly entertaining reading.
Nothing is left out, nothing is discarded.
Nothing is left out, nothing is given a privileged treatment.
Nothing is left out, nothing is missed.
Nothing is left out, or left to chance.
Nothing is left out, unattached or unwanted, a way to define unconditional love.
Nothing is left out.
Nothing is left over.
Nothing is left private.
Nothing is left standing of the early structures.
Nothing is left to accident, everything proceeds according to plans.
Nothing is left to be desired.
Nothing is left to become open space.
Nothing is left to certainty except the eternal salvation of the elect.
Nothing is left to chance . . .
Nothing is left to chance .
Nothing is left to chance and each move is timed to the second.
Nothing is left to chance and there is little room for doubt.
Nothing is left to chance as can be seen by the example wording from the reverse of a card.
Nothing is left to chance except the potential for exploration in the countryside.
Nothing is left to chance here.
Nothing is left to chance in the home either.
Nothing is left to chance or serendipity.
Nothing is left to chance or speculation.
Nothing is left to chance to ensure the efficiency of the learning.
Nothing is left to chance when it comes to the environment.
Nothing is left to chance, communication error or misunderstandings.
Nothing is left to chance, every aspect of the work is studied, and so forth.
Nothing is left to chance, favor, or partiality, but all is under the governance of law.
Nothing is left to chance, favour, or partiality, but all is under the governance of law.
Nothing is left to chance, no detail is overlooked.
Nothing is left to chance.
Nothing is left to coincidence.
Nothing is left to do.
Nothing is left to doubt.
Nothing is left to faith.
Nothing is left to form a bridge to the unknown.
Nothing is left to good sense.
Nothing is left to guesswork.
Nothing is left to interpretation, nothing is hidden and nothing is left behind.
Nothing is left to interpretation.
Nothing is left to justify the perpetuation of such a failed law.
Nothing is left to man's caprice and ingenuity.
Nothing is left to our imagination until the very end of the film.
Nothing is left to our imagination.
Nothing is left to question.
Nothing is left to tell.
Nothing is left to the imagination in the pre-fab world of the flickering screen.
Nothing is left to the imagination when it comes to holding a special event in the South County.
Nothing is left to the imagination.
Nothing is left to the imangination.
Nothing is left to the immagination.
Nothing is left to the player to piece together.
Nothing is left to theory.
Nothing is left today.
Nothing is left uncertainly executed.
Nothing is left unchecked.
Nothing is left uncovered, and everything is chronologically in place along the text.
Nothing is left undone in the details.
Nothing is left undone to create and to foster the desire for intoxicants.
Nothing is left unexplored.
Nothing is left unexpressed or unclear.
Nothing is left unfinished.
Nothing is left unsaid or undone.
Nothing is left unsaid.
Nothing is left unshaken.
Nothing is left until the last minute.
Nothing is left untouched by the digital world.
Nothing is left untouched.
Nothing is left unturned and information is handed to the reader smoothly.
Nothing is left up for chance in the hands of sinful men.
Nothing is left.
Nothing is lent, but enquirers are given advice on where to purchase or borrow items.
Nothing is less appropriate in disciples than comparison and competition.
Nothing is less important than the score at halftime.
Nothing is less impressive than a poorly written recommendation.
Nothing is less impressive than an application with misspelled words or grammar errors.
Nothing is less interesting than watching a bunch of people sitting at a bar drinking beer.
Nothing is less passive than the act of fleeing, of exiting.
Nothing is less predictable than the development of an active scientific field.
Nothing is less real than realism.
Nothing is less sexy than a sex scene in an American movie.
Nothing is less suited to an environment of compulsion than learning.
Nothing is less suited to an environment of learning than compulsion.
Nothing is less than realism.
Nothing is less than something.
Nothing is less true.
Nothing is less typical than a web project.
Nothing is like a boat ride - even if it is crowded with bumpy landings at the docks.
Nothing is like a small prayer group.
Nothing is like it seems on the surface.
Nothing is like it.
Nothing is like sailing on ice.
Nothing is like something else.
Nothing is like that.
Nothing is like the beauty of brass, silver, marble and diamonds.
Nothing is like the first snowfall of the year.
Nothing is like the real thing.
Nothing is like toast.
Nothing is like unto truth for man.
Nothing is like what it was before.
Nothing is like what they're used to.
Nothing is likely to happen in the next few weeks.
Nothing is likely to happen.
Nothing is likely to move forward unless there are drastic changes.
Nothing is likely to offend.
Nothing is literal here.
Nothing is loaded on the remote machine so no site visit to install or upgrade is required.
Nothing is loaned out.
Nothing is local anymore.
Nothing is local.
Nothing is logged in either the normal or error log file.
Nothing is logged.
Nothing is lonelier than a bad day.
Nothing is looked over.
Nothing is lost but a few hours.
Nothing is lost but spindrift through the flumes.
Nothing is lost by deleting the stub and maybe replacing with a redirect.
Nothing is lost by doing so since the history is available.
Nothing is lost by giving the poor extra access and procedural safeguards.
Nothing is lost by knowing, nothing is lost by asking and sharing feelings.
Nothing is lost by peace.
Nothing is lost by searching broadly.
Nothing is lost by so doing, and most problems can be clarified in a few minutes.
Nothing is lost by striking a sweetheart property tax break with the city.
Nothing is lost by striking a sweetheart property-tax break with the city.
Nothing is lost by the ruin of that which was built by hands.
Nothing is lost by waiting.
Nothing is lost due to noise floor.
Nothing is lost even in the furious action of full battle.
Nothing is lost except the void within the atom.
Nothing is lost if no such phenomena can be reproduced in a scientific context.
Nothing is lost in India.
Nothing is lost in intrepretation by another's concepts and preferences.
Nothing is lost in such workshops.
Nothing is lost in the process, as happens with phonograph or analog tape masters.
Nothing is lost in the translation.
Nothing is lost in translation.
Nothing is lost in vague euphemisms.
Nothing is lost of love and passion and commitment.
Nothing is lost or destroyed but raised up and preserved as in a spiral.
Nothing is lost to anyone.
Nothing is lost to try an idea.
Nothing is lost until the last syllable is spilt.
Nothing is lost when the candle burns.
Nothing is lost when the drop becomes a river or when the river becomes the sea.
Nothing is lost with dialogue.
Nothing is lost, but concerned customers bring a class action suit against the company.
Nothing is lost, but each client pays a penalty in response time.
Nothing is lost, but it's one long stream instead ofseparate pieces of mail.
Nothing is lost, everything is gained, return, return, return.
Nothing is lost, however.
Nothing is lost, it just changes places - until humans interfere.
Nothing is lost, just that it is now at a different address.
Nothing is lost, nothing is created, everything is transformed.
Nothing is lost.
Nothing is louder than anything else.
Nothing is made before ideas.
Nothing is made clear.
Nothing is made from nothing.
Nothing is made in a mold.
Nothing is made in bulk, or on a factory line.
Nothing is made of the various cultural and social references.
Nothing is made pretty here, everything is gross and sticky.
Nothing is made to go away by fighting it.
Nothing is made totally clear.
Nothing is made up.
Nothing is magical here.
Nothing is maintenance-free.
Nothing is mandated.
Nothing is mandatory about being in the Alumnae Chapter.
Nothing is mandatory, all the sections are optional.
Nothing is mandatory.
Nothing is mangled or missed.
Nothing is Manichaean.
Nothing is manipulated or out of context.
Nothing is manmade.
Nothing is manufactured.
Nothing is marked and it was way too short.
Nothing is marked.
Nothing is Marketing.
Nothing is mass produced but made to order.
Nothing is 'mass produced' or manufactured anywhere else.
Nothing is mass produced so there is always a limited number available.
Nothing is mass produced.
Nothing is mass-produced.
Nothing is meant by either one.
Nothing is measured.
Nothing is mechanical or automatic.
Nothing is mentioned about a global opt-out.
Nothing is mentioned about annual or sick leave benefits.
Nothing is mentioned about testing or measuring.
Nothing is mentioned about voicing or tone color.
Nothing is mentioned in the literature about the pollinating agents for loquat.
Nothing is mentioned in the policy concerning criminal activity.
Nothing is mentioned of plant species' richness, equitability, or distribution.
Nothing is mere .
Nothing is mere adornment.
Nothing is mere.
Nothing is merely an object.
Nothing is microwaved.
Nothing is misquoted.
Nothing is missed.
Nothing is missing in zip file the workspace to be opened is ShellApplications.dsw.
Nothing is missing or has been replaced and all the rouge marble elements are original.
Nothing is missing, but a few links have moved.
Nothing is missing, but some portions appear twice.
Nothing is missing-all is fulfilled.
Nothing is misunderstood in the communication process.
Nothing is moore distracting than mispelled e-mail messege.
Nothing is moral because actions are merely nonpersonal atoms and chance.
Nothing is more absolutely powerless than a corpse it can do nothing and it can resist nothing.
Nothing is more absolutely universal than the Resurrection.
Nothing is more absurd.
Nothing is more acceptable that letters from home and friends.
Nothing is more accepted than the handwritten signature.
Nothing is more accurate for newborn screening than tandem mass spectromtry.
Nothing is more accurate than biometrics to positively identify someone.
Nothing is more admired than a glossy, healthy looking hair, regardless of the colour or length.
Nothing is more aesthetically pleasing than well maintained varnish.
Nothing is more aggravating than a cheap system that is poorly designed for restaurants.
Nothing is more aggravating than making an appointment and then being stood up.
Nothing is more American than a healthy policy debate.
Nothing is more American than baseball.
Nothing is more American than that.
Nothing is more American than the belief that all stand equal before the law.
Nothing is more amour-piercing than petty financial concerns.
Nothing is more amusing than the folly of other people.
Nothing is more annoying and debilitating on a touring bike than vibration.
Nothing is more annoying at a picnic than having to bat away bees and wasps.
Nothing is more annoying for a web user than having a question and no way to ask it.
Nothing is more annoying for the visitor than difficult to read text.
Nothing is more annoying than a yippy slimy little dog.
Nothing is more annoying than moving a mouse and having the mousepad move along with it.
Nothing is more annoying than the sight of an adolescent watching television.
Nothing is more annoying than to drop a few feet, stop, drop a few more feet, stop and so on.
Nothing is more annoying than to lose a vital contact address in a flood of unlabelled notes.
Nothing is more annoying to a customer than a web site that is difficult to place an order on.
Nothing is more annoying to the web surfer than dead links and poorly updated information.
Nothing is more apparent in daytime soap operas than their essential physical cheapness.
Nothing is more appealing to the average person than getting something for nothing.
Nothing is more applicable than good theory.
Nothing is more appropriate in describing management in Asia.
Nothing is more appropriate.
Nothing is more artistic than the stick chimney.
Nothing is more attractive than a clean, healthy-looking skin.
Nothing is more attractive than a healthy glow.
Nothing is more attractive than natural beauty.
Nothing is more awkward than a first conversation.
Nothing is more baffling or frustrating for a family than a loved one's addiction.
Nothing is more basic however than the imagination.
Nothing is more basic in the soul than the images.
Nothing is more basic or essential.
Nothing is more basic or more essential.
Nothing is more basic than a woman's ability to conceive.
Nothing is more basic to a child's well-being than good health.
Nothing is more basic to Christian life than prayer.
Nothing is more basic to developing responsibility than exercising it.
Nothing is more basic to human health than breathing.
Nothing is more basic to that mission than food on the table.
Nothing is more beautiful in the spring than cherry blossoms.
Nothing is more beautiful than a beautiful hand crafted bar of soap.
Nothing is more beautiful than a fat girl.
Nothing is more beautiful than a guitar, except, possibly, two.
Nothing is more beautiful than a Hog.
Nothing is more beautiful than a lovely woman in sexy lingerie.
Nothing is more beautiful than a Martian sunrise.
Nothing is more beautiful than a sunset over the ocean with all the colors.
Nothing is more beautiful than cheerfulness in an old face.
Nothing is more beautiful than healthy plants.
Nothing is more beautiful than naturalness.
Nothing is more beautiful than oil.
Nothing is more beautiful than the absolute truth.
Nothing is more beautiful than the islands and ocean coming together.
Nothing is more beautiful than the loveliness of the woods before sunrise.
Nothing is more beautiful than watching eagles and owls on the wing and perched in observance.
Nothing is more beautiful then a woman with child.
Nothing is more Beautiful then the human form.
Nothing is more beautiful to parents than a new baby.
Nothing is more beautiful, nothing more mysterious, nothing more breathtaking, nothing more surreal.
Nothing is more beneficial.
Nothing is more boring and harder on the eyes than reading text on a computer screen.
Nothing is more boring and soporific than a monotonous drone.
Nothing is more boring than a genealogy.
Nothing is more boring than a one-sided conversation.
Nothing is more boring than an earthquake where no one is hurt and no damage is done.
Nothing is more boring than reading straight text.
Nothing is more boring than to see a binder full of words.
Nothing is more boring that reading page after page of text on a computer screen.
Nothing is more boring to the doer or the viewer than formula painting.
Nothing is more bothersome than students who arrive unprepared.
Nothing is more breathtaking than to see the humpback whale breach.
Nothing is more brutal than a fairy tale.
Nothing is more central to kingdom work than taking on the adventuresome mantle of prayer.
Nothing is more central to our philosophy than building children's self-esteem.
Nothing is more central to programming than responsiveness to the unique needs of each student.
Nothing is more certain and reliable than experience.
Nothing is more certain and sure than the victory of the gospel in the world.
Nothing is more certain in computer technology than change.
Nothing is more certain than change.
Nothing is more certain than death, taxes, and mistakes.
Nothing is more certain than general uncertainty.
Nothing is more certain than lasting damage to the American taxpayers.
Nothing is more certain than the ephemeral nature of political victories.
Nothing is more certain than the indispensable necessity of government.
Nothing is more certain, yet nothing is more frightening to most people.
Nothing is more certain.
Nothing is more challenging than creating the right brand name.
Nothing is more challenging than to live by our own mind, judgment, and values.
Nothing is more characteristic of Rome than the worship of relics.
Nothing is more characteristic than the appearance of written prophecy in Israel.
Nothing is more charming.
Nothing is more clear, more refined, or more Exact.
Nothing is more cold blooded than a lethal injection.
Nothing is more comforting than knowing there are snacks within an arm's reach.
Nothing is more committed to a trial judge's discretion than a decision on rebuttal testimony.
Nothing is more common in screen emoting than tears, and emoting is the right term for most of it.
Nothing is more common or more universal than the desire to be happy.
Nothing is more common than men with talent.
Nothing is more common than unfulfilled potential.
Nothing is more common than unrewarded talent.
Nothing is more common than unsuccessful men with talent.
Nothing is more common than unsuccessful people with talent.
Nothing is more common today than assured hopes of attaining heaven.
Nothing is more commonplace than unsuccessful men with talent.
Nothing is more compelling than a person's passion and contagious excitement for what they do.
Nothing is more complete.
Nothing is more complex than human empathy.
Nothing is more complicated today for Russia than Chechnya.
Nothing is more confounding of oppressive and authoritarian political and economic power.
Nothing is more confusing and frustrating for diabetic patients than their diet.
Nothing is more confusing than people who give good advice but set bad examples.
Nothing is more confusing to a dog than getting mixed signals.
Nothing is more confusing to a dog than inconsistency.
Nothing is more confusing to a reporter than too many people claiming to be the spokesperson.
Nothing is more confusing to beginning students than being bounced around between instructors.
Nothing is more confusing to the reader than a proposal written by a group.
Nothing is more contrary to faith than pride.
Nothing is more contrary to the American democratic tradition.
Nothing is more contrary to the organisation of the mind, memory and imagination.
Nothing is more contrived than the natural.
Nothing is more convincing than a positive experience.
Nothing is more convincing than catches in a big game.
Nothing is more cooling and soothing to skin that's been out in the sun all day.
Nothing is more corrosive to a society's social fabric than intolerance.
Nothing is more cost-effective than early intervention.
Nothing is more counterproductive than internally generated conflict and friction.
Nothing is more crassly political.
Nothing is more critical in effective negotiation than clear communication.
Nothing is more critical than their initial startup ideas and their early investor relationship.
Nothing is more critical to both public health and the economy than water.
Nothing is more critical, yet so little is written about it.
Nothing is more crucial in a technical book than technical correctness.
Nothing is more crucial to our nation's economic future.
Nothing is more damaging than an over-valued exchange rate.
Nothing is more damaging to a new truth than an old error.
Nothing is more damaging to an association than a CEO who creates a leadership vacuum.
Nothing is more damaging to our sense of humour than an exaggerated sense of personal dignity.
Nothing is more damaging to personal conviction than a seller's remorse.
Nothing is more dangerous for man than to stay spiritually stale.
Nothing is more dangerous for man's private morality than the habit of command.
Nothing is more dangerous in religious life than indifference.
Nothing is more dangerous than a definitive tilt at a cultural profile.
Nothing is more dangerous than a false feeling of security.
Nothing is more dangerous than acting.
Nothing is more dangerous than active ignorance.
Nothing is more dangerous than an embattled military.
Nothing is more dangerous than an idea, when a man has only one idea.
Nothing is more dangerous than complacency.
Nothing is more dangerous than having a saddle turn while a rider is in the saddle.
Nothing is more dangerous than leaving toxic pollutants in the environment.
Nothing is more dangerous than misinterpreted statistics.
Nothing is more dangerous than people who have all the answers without ever asking any questions.
Nothing is more dangerous than the idea that some public officials are above the law.
Nothing is more dangerous than the influence of private interests on public affairs.
Nothing is more dangerous than to assume the obvious.
Nothing is more dangerous to the health of our computer industry than a satisfied customer.
Nothing is more daunting or boring than a page full of text.
Nothing is more daunting than line after line of text.
Nothing is more deadly than self-righteousness, or more hopeful than contrition.
Nothing is more death-defying than the love of and the love for a child.
Nothing is more debilitating than inactivity.
Nothing is more deceitful than the appearance of humility.
Nothing is more deceptive.
Nothing is more delicate than the swan.
Nothing is more delightful than to confuse and upset people.
Nothing is more delightful than to possess self-command in a world of chaos.
Nothing is more delightful to watch than an impeccably groomed Somali perform in the judging ring.
Nothing is more demanding.
Nothing is more depressing for a sportsman than injury.
Nothing is more depressing than seeing a bike rusting away in some old barn.
Nothing is more depriving to oneself than a life led ordinary.
Nothing is more deserving of our desire and energy.
Nothing is more desirable than to be free of condemnation.
Nothing is more despised by American society at large than the concept of inheritance.
Nothing is more destabilizing to communities than crime.
Nothing is more destructive of development than war.
Nothing is more destructive than the charge of artillery on a crowd.
Nothing is more destructive to a human personality than a slap in the face.
Nothing is more destructive to church unity than contending for the faith with a contentious spirit.
Nothing is more destructive to our community than crime.
Nothing is more destructive to society than a divided home.
Nothing is more devastating and utterly ruinous as a flood.
Nothing is more devastating right now than the drought.
Nothing is more devastating than loneliness.
Nothing is more devastating than losing a child.
Nothing is more devastating to a marriage than being married to a sexually selfish man.
Nothing is more devastating to retention than treating people unfairly.
Nothing is more devastating to the environment than war.
Nothing is more develish, clever and sharp as another human.
Nothing is more difficult in the modern world than to protect the privacy of the human soul.
Nothing is more difficult than admitting a mistake, yet nothing is more human than making one.
Nothing is more difficult than being a good teacher.
Nothing is more difficult than measuring the effectiveness of training.
Nothing is more difficult than simplicity.
Nothing is more difficult than telling the truth about oneself.
Nothing is more difficult than the art of maneuvering for advantageous positions.
Nothing is more difficult to combat than the unseen enemy, Fear.
Nothing is more difficult to predict than the past.
Nothing is more difficult to read than type spread all the way across the monitor screen.
Nothing is more difficult, and therefore more precious, than to be able to decide.
Nothing is more difficult.
Nothing is more disagreeable for flying men than to have to go through a thunderstorm.
Nothing is more disagreeable than the idea of having one now and of participation.
Nothing is more disappointing than a misspelled item.
Nothing is more disappointing than a site that looks fantastic but has absolutely nothing to say.
Nothing is more disappointing than an author, illustrator, or storyteller visit that has gone awry.
Nothing is more disappointing than being completely lost in the story line.
Nothing is more disappointing than getting 'skunked' on a fishing trip.
Nothing is more disappointing to a client than the disillusionment that comes from promises broken.
Nothing is more disarming.
Nothing is more disastrous than having nothing in a child's life.
Nothing is more disastrous to a business than an extremely high employee turnover rate.
Nothing is more disconcerting to a trout than to have an insect fly away just before it inhales it.
Nothing is more disconcerting to a young team than the distractions while playing on the road.
Nothing is more discouraging than hearing there is no hope for one's situation.
Nothing is more disgusting than a face broken out in pus-filled pimples.
Nothing is more disheartening for a young athlete than being benched by an injury.
Nothing is more disheartening than setting a target and continually having to move it back.
Nothing is more disheartening than the final fifteen minutes.
Nothing is more disposable than the average sitcom.
Nothing is more disruptive in a family's lifestyle than a major kitchen renovation project.
Nothing is more disruptive to the imaging process than intrusive sounds or interruptions.
Nothing is more dissapointing that a flat interface.
Nothing is more dissappointing to a saler or a seller than a bad one.
Nothing is more distant to reality.
Nothing is more distinctly human than our ability to talk, to use language.
Nothing is more distinctly human than our ability to use language.
Nothing is more distracting than a jumbled, unformatted resume.
Nothing is more distracting than a misspelled e-mail message.
Nothing is more distracting than having to make a store run minutes before guests arrive.
Nothing is more distracting than mispelled e-mail messages.
Nothing is more distracting than misspelled e-mail mesages.
Nothing is more distracting than missspelled e-mail message.
Nothing is more distracting than people who wander in and out.
Nothing is more distracting than trying to read text that is flying around the page.
Nothing is more distracting than waiting for a mess of useless graphics to load.
Nothing is more distressing than having to hunt for things.
Nothing is more distressing than having to listen to someone else's research.
Nothing is more distressing than the disappearance of a child.
Nothing is more dreadful in a person than disloyalty.
Nothing is more dreadful than private duels in America.
Nothing is more dull than someone else's angsty shite.
Nothing is more durable and beautiful than a granite countertop.
Nothing is more easily customizable than an electronic presentation.
Nothing is more easy than incorporating in the state of Delaware.
Nothing is more easy.
Nothing is more effective at scaring away birds than sudden movement.
Nothing is more effective for all common household pest.
Nothing is more effective here than the quad lightning gun.
Nothing is more effective in chipping away at homophobia than real people presenting true stories.
Nothing is more effective in killing mites than horticultural oil.
Nothing is more effective in picking up dust than an ostrich feather.
Nothing is more effective in the battle against weeds than old fashioned weeding by hand.
Nothing is more effective or safer.
Nothing is more effective shark repellent than the prospect of an uncollectible judgment.
Nothing is more effective than a volunteer peer contact friend asking a friend for support.
Nothing is more effective than personal contact.
Nothing is more effective than that human interaction and empowerment.
Nothing is more efficient.
Nothing is more elegant.
Nothing is more elemental than color.
Nothing is more elusive and mysterious than the wild mushroom.
Nothing is more embarrassing than a spelling mistake on a web site.
Nothing is more embarrassing than two climbers showing up at the same time for a cat rescue.
Nothing is more embarrassingly American than the Super Bowl Halftime Spectacular.
Nothing is more emblematic of warmwater fly fishing than the bass bug.
Nothing is more emotionally charged than deciding upon a price for an existing business.
Nothing is more empowering than reaching an objective.
Nothing is more empowering, as they say, than being a victim.
Nothing is more encouraging than full pews or more discouraging than empty ones.
Nothing is more enduring than the memory of past humiliations and wounds.
Nothing is more energizing than learning something new.
Nothing is more energizing than success.
Nothing is more enjoyable than observing with a friend.
Nothing is more enjoyable to paddle than a solo touring canoe.
Nothing is more ennobling.
Nothing is more entertaining than playing fetch with a cat.
Nothing is more essential to life itself than water.
Nothing is more essential to life than water.
Nothing is more essential to public health, security and well being than water.
Nothing is more essential to usefulness and happiness in life, than habits of industry.
Nothing is more evocative of the Old West than a stagecoach.
Nothing is more evocative than landscape.
Nothing is more excellent than truthfulness.
Nothing is more excessive than banality, as drag queens know.
Nothing is more excited and worthwhile for the curious mind.
Nothing is more exciting in golf than shooting a career-low round or witnessing a golfer going low.
Nothing is more exciting in the business world than to watch an idea turn into reality.
Nothing is more exciting seeing little ones bringing in a salmon.
Nothing is more exciting than a buying frenzy.
Nothing is more exciting than a young person interested in chess.
Nothing is more exciting than bringing a big monster Lake Trout up from the depths.
Nothing is more exciting than having a fly taken from the surface film.
Nothing is more exciting than helping an adult learner to discover the power within.
Nothing is more exciting than hot bitches in tight uniforms.
Nothing is more exciting than hot interracial gangbang sex with tight black and white pussy.
Nothing is more exciting than hot nude teens showing off their tight bodies.
Nothing is more exciting than living with a good friend or forming a new relatioship.
Nothing is more exciting than seeing someone who had no hope find hope in Jesus.
Nothing is more exciting than the arrival of a new champion.
Nothing is more exciting than the forward deployment of technology.
Nothing is more exciting than to be broadly involved in the operation of a business.
Nothing is more exciting than two pros locked in battle in a close match.
Nothing is more exciting than watching an underdog make a comeback.
Nothing is more exciting that personal spiritual renewal in the church.
Nothing is more exciting to a child than receiving a reply .
Nothing is more exciting to a field researcher than discovering a new nesting site.
Nothing is more exclusively human that mathematics.
Nothing is more excruciating than the pain of life without feeling and love.
Nothing is more exhausting than searching for easy ways to make a living.
Nothing is more exhilarating than being a part of the solution .
Nothing is more exhilarating than spreading paint over the canvas with large, expressive strokes.
Nothing is more exhilerating than spreading paint over the canvas with large, expressive strokes.
Nothing is more expensive than a missed opportunity.
Nothing is more expensive than missed opportunity.
Nothing is more false and pernicious.
Nothing is more fascinating than a natural phenomenon.
Nothing is more fascinating than our own dreams.
Nothing is more fatal to happiness than the rememderance of happiness.
Nothing is more fatiguing mentally than the making of decisions.
Nothing is more feared than the dropping of the wind on a summer evening.
Nothing is more fearful than complete rack of information concerning a potentially deadly disease.
Nothing is more fearful than imagination without taste.
Nothing is more fiendish than the deaths delivered by the distant Serb snipers.
Nothing is more flattering than a personal invitation to the president's office.
Nothing is more fleeting than an orgasm, after all.
Nothing is more flexible, extensible and secure.
Nothing is more focused on here than land and ocean.
Nothing is more foolish in sport than the habit of precipitation.
Nothing is more foolish than engaging in a final battle where one is doomed to lose.
Nothing is more foreign to dictatorial thinking than the bourgeois concept of objectivity.
Nothing is more freeing than travelling the world.
Nothing is more freely chosen than the good.
Nothing is more frenzied than ants ejected from their collective conditioning.
Nothing is more frightening for a child than the withdrawal of love.
Nothing is more frightening for a woman than being diagnosed with breast cancer.
Nothing is more frightening than nothingness.
Nothing is more frightening than the prospect of being attacked.
Nothing is more frightening than the unknown.
Nothing is more frightening than to hear about school shootings in the news.
Nothing is more frightening to a graduate teaching assistant than the likelihood of wasting time.
Nothing is more frightening to a mother whose children are away from home.
Nothing is more fruitful than a difficulty overcome.
Nothing is more frustrating for a student than to have a correct response rejected.
Nothing is more frustrating than a caribou migration route without caribou.
Nothing is more frustrating than a confusing form.
Nothing is more frustrating than a leaky mask.
Nothing is more frustrating than a poorly constructed site.
Nothing is more frustrating than arriving somewhere and searching for a place to sleep.
Nothing is more frustrating than attempting an identification with inadequate photo material.
Nothing is more frustrating than being stuck along the side of the road.
Nothing is more frustrating than being thrown out there without a lifeline.
Nothing is more frustrating than climbing off a roof in the middle of a job to buy more material.
Nothing is more frustrating than devising an ergonomic plan that takes months to implement.
Nothing is more frustrating than discovering several data entries for the same person.
Nothing is more frustrating than getting a busy signal when trying to dial up.
Nothing is more frustrating than going to a store and finding it closed.
Nothing is more frustrating than having a node fall into disrepair due to absentee operators.
Nothing is more frustrating than having search results that are a bunch of dead links.
Nothing is more frustrating than having to look up a piece of data twice.
Nothing is more frustrating than listening to dead air.
Nothing is more frustrating than losing everything due to an errant button activation.
Nothing is more frustrating than losing the whole crux of a story through one crucial omission.
Nothing is more frustrating than miscommunication on scheduling.
Nothing is more frustrating than paying for wasted meals.
Nothing is more frustrating than planning a night out and spending it outside in a line-up.
Nothing is more frustrating than playing the waiting game.
Nothing is more frustrating than projects with erosion problems.
Nothing is more frustrating than running a public server with a bunch of 'kiddies' playing.
Nothing is more frustrating than the disappointment of a bad trip.
Nothing is more frustrating than to have calls go unnoticed.
Nothing is more frustrating than to have to load the same microfilm several times.
Nothing is more frustrating than to read a glossary that uses the term in the definition.
Nothing is more frustrating than transportation problems.
Nothing is more frustrating than wading through a bunch of links to get to an empty page.
Nothing is more frustrating then building up for a siege only to see it drag on.
Nothing is more frustrating to a child than trying to complete a puzzle with a missing piece.
Nothing is more frustrating to a customer than being ignored by an employee.
Nothing is more frustrating to a manager than an employee with a bad attitude.
Nothing is more frustrating to a pond owner than battling algae.
Nothing is more frustrating to a web surfer than to hit a server that takes forever to load a page.
Nothing is more frustrating to an official than to wait six to eight weeks for a check.
Nothing is more frustrating to visitors than a Web site with limited contact information.
Nothing is more frustrating, but it does happen.
Nothing is more frustrating, expensive and disruptive than a bad conversion.
Nothing is more frustrating, or demeaning, than always dangling the carrot just out of reach.
Nothing is more fun and better made than the result of a group effort.
Nothing is more fun for a fly fisher than catching a fish on a fly that they have tied.
Nothing is more fun for a kid than going camping.
Nothing is more fun for little ones just learning computers then doing it all by themselves.
Nothing is more fun on a sunny weekend than to head down to the beach for some serious sun and sand.
Nothing is more fun than a day at the beach.
Nothing is more fun than belting out the classics and playing the star of the show.
Nothing is more fun than continuing to discover the secret places of our town.
Nothing is more fun than enjoying the beach by day and dancing under the stars by night.
Nothing is more fun than feeling superior to another human being.
Nothing is more fun than getting out in the spring for a baseball game.
Nothing is more fun than hitting a volleyball with a smoke trail behind it.
Nothing is more fun than seeing plants and animals in person.
Nothing is more fun than success.
Nothing is more fun than watching kids in a good hockey game.
Nothing is more fun than watching something soar through the air.
Nothing is more fun then coming to Omaha and competing.
Nothing is more fundamental than that.
Nothing is more fundamental than the accuracy of test equipment.
Nothing is more fundamental to a culture and a people than language.
Nothing is more fundamental to a democracy than casting an informed vote.
Nothing is more fundamental to effective youth ministry than establishing positive relationships.
Nothing is more fundamental to photography than light.
Nothing is more fundamental to the creation of a globally networked society than semiconductors.
Nothing is more fundamental.
Nothing is more gall-bitter than suffering, nothing so honey sweet as to have suffered.
Nothing is more gorgeous than Atlanta when the dogwoods bloom.
Nothing is more gratifying than helping others.
Nothing is more grievous than to be one's own director, nothing is more pernicious.
Nothing is more grievous to sound sense than to hear cogent words misapplied.
Nothing is more guaranteed to force the potential clients to do it all in house.
Nothing is more guaranteed to make one start acting like a chil than to be treated like one.
Nothing is more hallowing than the union of kindred spirits in art.
Nothing is more harmful than anxiety.
Nothing is more harmful to consumers than government-sponsored lawsuit abuse.
Nothing is more harmonious and tranquil than a circle.
Nothing is more harrowing than the break-up of a deep human affection.
Nothing is more hateful to wisdom than too much cunning.
Nothing is more heartbreaking than reeling in a fish and losing it when it is almost within reach.
Nothing is more heartwarming than a home-cooked meal.
Nothing is more heart-warming than the sound of a child's laughter.
Nothing is more helpful than scent after sexual intercourse.
Nothing is more helpful to the editorial staff of a magazine than to get feedback from the readers.
Nothing is more helpfull.
Nothing is more heretical.
Nothing is more hideous than that.
Nothing is more highly to be prized than the value of each day.
Nothing is more honorable than a grateful heart.
Nothing is more horrible than meeting one's fate, far from mother, wife and children.
Nothing is more humbling than being out talked by a two year old.
Nothing is more humbling than the reality of the marathon.
Nothing is more humiliating than being questioned about a credit that doesn t quite ring true.
Nothing is more humiliating to a gardener than having to purchase zucchini.
Nothing is more humorous than a fat guy running around with a crowbar.
Nothing is more hurtful than to feel left out or made fun of.
Nothing is more ill-suited for smashing the state than a riot.
Nothing is more immediate than the immediate.
Nothing is more immobilizing than the spirit of deference.
Nothing is more impolitic as well as wicked than to substitute expediency for duty.
Nothing is more important as passion.
Nothing is more important at the time of birth than the health of mother and child.
Nothing is more important for a business today than for executives to think about tomorrow.
Nothing is more important for an amateur astronomer to learn then observing skills and techniques.
Nothing is more important for buildings than to be maintained in practical use.
Nothing is more important for daily skin care than avoiding sunlight.
Nothing is more important for fostering readers than showing genuine enthusiasm.
Nothing is more important for our state's future.
Nothing is more important for the believer than knowledge and application of the Bible.
Nothing is more important for the future of our state than the state of our families.
Nothing is more important here than the illustration's accuracy.
Nothing is more important in conflict resolution than the ability to compromise.
Nothing is more important in finding that perfect job than being prepared.
Nothing is more important in fly fishing than successfully presenting the fly.
Nothing is more important in life than life itself .
Nothing is more important in modern warfare.
Nothing is more important in pro football than the home-field advantage.
Nothing is more important in tournament time, and all four teams have good ones.
Nothing is more important on a chilly day than having warm toes.
Nothing is more important than a first impression.
Nothing is more important than a good ass wipe.
Nothing is more important than a great attitude and patience in lousy weather.
Nothing is more important than a proper customer service culture to win loyalty from shoppers.
Nothing is more important than accomplishing a goal or task.
Nothing is more important than accurate information when it comes to matters of health.
Nothing is more important than anything else.
Nothing is more important than awareness of the problem, followed by reasonable steps to lessen it.
Nothing is more important than being up with the times.
Nothing is more important than building a great team.
Nothing is more important than campaign finance reform.
Nothing is more important than Central Kentucky's water supply.
Nothing is more important than cleaning up the environment.
Nothing is more important than competent customer service.
Nothing is more important than constant supervision.
Nothing is more important than conversation with friends over small cups of coffee.
Nothing is more important than customer service.
Nothing is more important than driving safe.
Nothing is more important than each child getting to school safe, on-time, and ready to learn.
Nothing is more important than educating our children, for they are the guardians of the future.
Nothing is more important than education for Kentucky's or an individual's future.
Nothing is more important than education.
Nothing is more important than ensuring that our students are safe in school.
Nothing is more important than ensuring that our young people are safe in school.
Nothing is more important than equality of access to knowledge.
Nothing is more important than expanding television service across America.
Nothing is more important than fair, accurate elections.
Nothing is more important than family.
Nothing is more important than fixing our sputtering voting system.
Nothing is more important than friendship.
Nothing is more important than getting business and tourism back into the countryside.
Nothing is more important than getting experience in the working world.
Nothing is more important than getting on the right foot.
Nothing is more important than getting quality medical care from a caring physician.
Nothing is more important than giving money to the organization.
Nothing is more important than giving our kids a chance through good education.
Nothing is more important than good education.
Nothing is more important than great content.
Nothing is more important than handling their bodies and souls with tender loving care.
Nothing is more important than having an up to date and carefully prepared resume.
Nothing is more important than having strict discipline.
Nothing is more important than integrity, right or wrong, be honest.
Nothing is more important than keeping our children safe.
Nothing is more important than keeping our minds sharp.
Nothing is more important than keeping the villagers together.
Nothing is more important than life or death.
Nothing is more important than literacy, and yet many children have trouble reading. . . .
Nothing is more important than love.
Nothing is more important than mental awareness.
Nothing is more important than our children.
Nothing is more important than our employees safety.
Nothing is more important than our health.
Nothing is more important than our prayers for one another.
Nothing is more important than passion.
Nothing is more important than personal attention in a classroom setting.
Nothing is more important than personal contact.
Nothing is more important than prayer.
Nothing is more important than presentation.
Nothing is more important than preserving the national environment.
Nothing is more important than protecting our people and the sovereignty of our nation.
Nothing is more important than providing a better future for our children.
Nothing is more important than relationships.
Nothing is more important than saving a young life.
Nothing is more important than self.
Nothing is more important than sound planning.
Nothing is more important than strengthening and supporting the producer.
Nothing is more important than taking care of our children.
Nothing is more important than teaching middle schoolers how to think.
Nothing is more important than that work.
Nothing is more important than that.
Nothing is more important than the ABCs.
Nothing is more important than the addiction itself.
Nothing is more important than the care and safety of our children.
Nothing is more important than the careful stweardship and development of our water resources.
Nothing is more important than the education of students in the community of Richmond.
Nothing is more important than the game itself and the fans who support it.
Nothing is more important than the health and safety of our children.
Nothing is more important than the health and safety of our members and their families.
Nothing is more important than the highest-quality instructional design.
Nothing is more important than the motherbaby relationship.
Nothing is more important than the people who make the school work.
Nothing is more important than the person as an individual.
Nothing is more important than the placement of a comma.
Nothing is more important than the reality in our daily lives.
Nothing is more important than the replacement of our best young people.
Nothing is more important than the safety and protection of our children.
Nothing is more important than the safety and security of our environment.
Nothing is more important than the safety of America's children.
Nothing is more important than the safety of employees and their families.
Nothing is more important than the safety of our children.
Nothing is more important than the safety of our citizens.
Nothing is more important than the safety of our families.
Nothing is more important than the trust of photographers.
Nothing is more important than the well being of our children they are our hope and our future.
Nothing is more important than their spiritual formation.
Nothing is more important than their success.
Nothing is more important than to feel good.
Nothing is more important than to live with integrity.
Nothing is more important than voting, and registering is the first step.
Nothing is more important than watering plants well.
Nothing is more important than wear rate in reducing officer fatalities.
Nothing is more important that coming to class.
Nothing is more important that consolidating peace.
Nothing is more important that getting a degree.
Nothing is more important that our kids.
Nothing is more important that seeing our schools well-resourced.
Nothing is more important that the safety of our patients, passengers and crew members.
Nothing is more important that water and air in life.
Nothing is more important to a child s success in school than a home full of love and support.
Nothing is more important to a child than having a stable family life.
Nothing is more important to a great fishing trip than the right equipment.
Nothing is more important to a growing family community than good schools.
Nothing is more important to a volunteer organization than the participation of it's members.
Nothing is more important to an oxidizer's efficient operation than the exhaust rate.
Nothing is more important to any phase of aviation today than communications.
Nothing is more important to babies than the attention of caring, nurturing adults.
Nothing is more important to Connecticut's economic development.
Nothing is more important to continuous self-improvement.
Nothing is more important to employees than timely and accurate paychecks.
Nothing is more important to ensuring our nation's future than education.
Nothing is more important to gamers than a fun game.
Nothing is more important to getting a property sold than the original list price.
Nothing is more important to girls' developing sense of self than a mentor.
Nothing is more important to human beings than the salvation of their immortal souls.
Nothing is more important to learning than character.
Nothing is more important to long-term success than capable management.
Nothing is more important to males in our society than the ability to drive.
Nothing is more important to our clients than having a project completed on time .
Nothing is more important to our families and our nation than motherhood.
Nothing is more important to our families' well-being than quality, affordable health care.
Nothing is more important to our firm than our clients and staff.
Nothing is more important to our future than improving our public schools.
Nothing is more important to our future.
Nothing is more important to our human and national survival than food - safe food.
Nothing is more important to our nation's future than our children's education.
Nothing is more important to our shared future than the well-being of children.
Nothing is more important to our success than integrity.
Nothing is more important to overall well-being than relationships.
Nothing is more important to parents than how to address the real risks their children face.
Nothing is more important to parents than knowing how to address the real risks their children face.
Nothing is more important to parents than making sure their children are well cared for.
Nothing is more important to productivity than knowledgeable, skilled workers.
Nothing is more important to quality of care than effective communication.
Nothing is more important to the basic welfare of Iraqi citizens.
Nothing is more important to the council than a well-prepared agenda.
Nothing is more important to the earth s inhabitants and our ecosystem today than the life sciences.
Nothing is more important to the exterior appearance and protection of a home than paint.
Nothing is more important to the future of democracy than ensuring public access to information.
Nothing is more important to the future of our nation than education.
Nothing is more important to the future of our state than the state of our families.
Nothing is more important to the future of our young people than education.
Nothing is more important to the future of working people than being informed.
Nothing is more important to the life chances of our children.
Nothing is more important to the management of interdependence than the rule of law internationally.
Nothing is more important to the state of classical music than the introduction of a fine new work.
Nothing is more important to the success of the venture.
Nothing is more important to the vast majority of people.
Nothing is more important, there is no greater gift, to give or to receive, than Great Peace.
Nothing is more important. .
Nothing is more important.
Nothing is more impressive and persuasive than personal witness.
Nothing is more impressive than a self motivator.
Nothing is more impressive than an employee who goes the extra mile.
Nothing is more impressive to a client than a simple installation.
Nothing is more impressive, nothing more disquieting, more terrifying occasionally, than a fen.
Nothing is more in demand.
Nothing is more in divine order or according to the divine purpose than a revival.
Nothing is more in keeping with that ambiance than a nice tan stucco.
Nothing is more in keeping with the spirit of the United Nations Charter than arms control.
Nothing is more in our charter than to encourage participation in our local elections.
Nothing is more indicative of an arriving recession than layoffs.
Nothing is more indisputable than mathematics.
Nothing is more indisputable than our senses.
Nothing is more indisputable than the existence of our senses.
Nothing is more individualistic than artistry.
Nothing is more ineffectual than a bureaucrat with a referral number.
Nothing is more inexhaustible than the ultimate.
Nothing is more infectious than the truth.
Nothing is more influential with legislators than communications from their constituents.
Nothing is more infuriating that watching a vital character effectively commit suicide.
Nothing is more infuriating to a bully than someone who refuses to listen.
Nothing is more inherent in the South Asian culture than the desire to help our friends and family.
Nothing is more inhumane than war.
Nothing is more inimical to a culture than to become self-consciously picturesque.
Nothing is more inimical to economic growth, or more certain to perpetuate poverty.
Nothing is more insincere than phony enthusiasm.
Nothing is more interesting and achieves better results.
Nothing is more interesting than a story.
Nothing is more interesting than race.
Nothing is more interesting than the study of what is referred to as the end-times.
Nothing is more intimate than that.
Nothing is more intimidating then the first time out on the net alone.
Nothing is more intimidating to a reader than a long, jargon-filled description.
Nothing is more intolerable than a rich woman.
Nothing is more intriguing or captivating then a good sea story told by salty sailors.
Nothing is more introspective, and nothing is more integrated.
Nothing is more inviting after a long day on the road than a clean room with a comfortable bed.
Nothing is more inviting than a small puppy.
Nothing is more inviting than a warm welcoming glow.
Nothing is more inviting than the subtle, theatrical accent lights that make a room come together.
Nothing is more irrelevant in college sports than last year.
Nothing is more irritating than a slow website.
Nothing is more irritating than being ignored as a customer or potential customer.
Nothing is more irritating than getting email warnings about viruses that are actually just hoaxes.
Nothing is more irritating than taking a shower when the water barely drips out.
Nothing is more irritating than trying to return voice mail message in the car.
Nothing is more irritating than waiting for a spare part to arrive.
Nothing is more irritating to attendees than having to strain to hear speakers.
Nothing is more irritating to participants than having to strain to hear speakers.
Nothing is more irritating to professional sport fans than the capricious interest of outsiders.
Nothing is more joyous than sincere worship.
Nothing is more joyous then when soul mates find one another.
Nothing is more joyous.
Nothing is more just than to set up force against weakness and wisdom against ignorance.
Nothing is more klutzy.
Nothing is more lethal for certain kinds of meme than a tendency to look for evidence.
Nothing is more liberating.
Nothing is more like a werewolf than a werewolf itself.
Nothing is more likely in the end to promote violence and bloodshed.
Nothing is more likely than that their enumeration of powers is defective.
Nothing is more likely to arouse a public to laughter than the sight of two women in open battle.
Nothing is more likely to cause a stumble than the financing issue.
Nothing is more likely to turn away prospective investors.
Nothing is more logical.
Nothing is more lonely than being the only guy in a scene.
Nothing is more ludicrous.
Nothing is more luxurious than an evening of fine food and entertainment.
Nothing is more maddening than a car to break down right after the warranty has expired.
Nothing is more maddening that to lose badly presented bait off the hook.
Nothing is more maddening to the senseless than sense.
Nothing is more magical.
Nothing is more maintanance free than native plants.
Nothing is more meaningful and rewarding than that.
Nothing is more memorable than a smell.
Nothing is more memorable to the human mind than a scent.
Nothing is more miserable than being wet while trying to navigate down a steep glacier.
Nothing is more miserable than getting stuck or breaking down in a remote spot.
Nothing is more mobile, nothing vaguer, nothing stronger.
Nothing is more motivating than a sincere compliment of one's behavior or character.
Nothing is more motivating than success.
Nothing is more moving than a tale of aristocratic grandeur besieged by ill fortune.
Nothing is more mysterious than the currents of the sea.
Nothing is more mysterious, nor more frustrating, than the disappearance of the man from Nashville.
Nothing is more natural than meeting a microbe.
Nothing is more necessary nor more urgent.
Nothing is more necessary than to prevent every danger of influence.
Nothing is more needed in time of grief.
Nothing is more needed to overcome the modernist's snobbishness.
Nothing is more needed today than a deeper study of the Bible.
Nothing is more needed today than love.
Nothing is more needed today than unity in love.
Nothing is more New York than a great hotel.
Nothing is more noble that to live in peace with one another.
Nothing is more noble, nothing more venerable than fidelity.
Nothing is more obscure than the generation of the winds .
Nothing is more obvious than phony or superficial enthusiasm.
Nothing is more obviously passe than lapels that are a decade out of style.
Nothing is more odious than music without hidden meaning.
Nothing is more odious to wisdom than too much cleverness.
Nothing is more of a downer than a coach who seemingly hates the job of coaching.
Nothing is more of a handicap to blacks today than inadequate education.
Nothing is more of a turn-off than bad breath.
Nothing is more of a turn-off than sensing the mental checklist in action.
Nothing is more off putting than dark dingy areas.
Nothing is more offensive than bad breath and nothing is more embarrassing than bad breath.
Nothing is more offensive than being labeled old-fashioned or traditional.
Nothing is more off-putting than a poorly edited article.
Nothing is more offputting to genuine job seekers than job sections that are clearly out of date.
Nothing is more or less important than anything else.
Nothing is more ordinary than yesterday's newspaper.
Nothing is more overrated.
Nothing is more overused.
Nothing is more painful than a mistake.
Nothing is more painful than helping a child face grief, and yet a caring adult can mean so much.
Nothing is more painful than regret.
Nothing is more painful than to have a pain in one of our testicles.
Nothing is more painful to a heavy bomber pilot than being spotted because a turret opened fire.
Nothing is more paradigmatic for the two polar oceans than their endless vastness of the packice .
Nothing is more paradoxical in the software industry than standards.
Nothing is more paralyzing than the lack of hope.
Nothing is more pass .
Nothing is more pathetic than hearing independents whine about being outfoxed by the chains.
Nothing is more peaceful than a burning candle.
Nothing is more perfect for cleaning baby's delicate skin.
Nothing is more perilous than truth in a world that lies.
Nothing is more permanent as a temporary government program.
Nothing is more personal nor more important than planning for our eventual death .
Nothing is more personal than a speaking engagement.
Nothing is more personal than the way people chose to shape their sexual relationships.
Nothing is more personally rewarding.
Nothing is more persuasive than a threat to one's home.
Nothing is more persuasive than absolute conviction.
Nothing is more pitiable that to see a grownup with the mind of a child.
Nothing is more pitiful than to see a faded flower remorselessly flung upon a dung heap.
Nothing is more pleasing than a friendly smiling face away from New York.
Nothing is more pleasing than watching a pile of money grow and grow.
Nothing is more plentiful than theories by participants about why a promotion flops.
Nothing is more political than the right to work for decent pay and in decent conditions.
Nothing is more potent than the solidarity of ordinary citizens.
Nothing is more potent, more unstoppable, than a living, breathing imagination.
Nothing is more powerful in a democracy than an educated, organized, and active electorate.
Nothing is more powerful in awakening souls than the example of others awakened to flee.
Nothing is more powerful than a cultural landscape that captures the mood, the energy of a place.
Nothing is more powerful than a recommendation from someone the customer knows.
Nothing is more powerful than an idea whose time has come.
Nothing is more powerful than building rapport and bonding with a client.
Nothing is more powerful than giving talks and writing articles.
Nothing is more powerful than grass roots.
Nothing is more powerful than habit.
Nothing is more powerful than honesty and sincerity.
Nothing is more powerful than imagination in tandem with effort.
Nothing is more powerful than knowledge.
Nothing is more powerful than parents reading aloud to their children.
Nothing is more powerful than personalization.
Nothing is more powerful than the exchange of ideas.
Nothing is more powerful than the force of an idea when harnessed to a vision of the future.
Nothing is more powerful than the human mind and it's ability to create.
Nothing is more powerful than the memories created by a child's experiences.
Nothing is more powerful than the Power that made the body.
Nothing is more powerful than word of mouth.
Nothing is more practicable.
Nothing is more practical than a practical theory.
Nothing is more practical than for people to deepen themselves.
Nothing is more practical.
Nothing is more precious than a child s life.
Nothing is more precious than a child's special expression captured in a magic moment.
Nothing is more precious than children's lives and the opportunities they're given.
Nothing is more precious than families being together.
Nothing is more precious than freedom.
Nothing is more precious than human life.
Nothing is more precious than our children.
Nothing is more precious than our families.
Nothing is more precious than our health.
Nothing is more precious than our nation's tradition of religious freedom.
Nothing is more precious than the gift of time.
Nothing is more precious than time spent with grandchildren.
Nothing is more precious than today, which connects the past with the future.
Nothing is more precious to a believer than the promises of the covenant.
Nothing is more precious to the researcher than uninterrupted time.
Nothing is more predictable.
Nothing is more pregnant with the fears of childhood, more fraught with the angst of adolescence.
Nothing is more preposterous.
Nothing is more prestigious for their high schools.
Nothing is more private than one's own body.
Nothing is more private than someone's medical or psychiatric records.
Nothing is more problematic than an artist's biography.
Nothing is more profitable, on a percentage basis, than new offerings.
Nothing is more profoundly important in a democracy than the right to vote.
Nothing is more prone to becoming a mind game.
Nothing is more proper than afflictions to bring men back to their duty .
Nothing is more psychologically destructive than making approval dependent on victory.
Nothing is more racy than denim.
Nothing is more rare than common sense.
Nothing is more raucous or disagreeable, and the musicians go on forever with their playing.
Nothing is more real than the ideal.
Nothing is more realistic and powerful than a real train operation in a railroad museum.
Nothing is more reassuring to young children than being hugged and held close by their parents.
Nothing is more refreshing than a cold drink served in a frosted glass.
Nothing is more refreshing than a deep breath of clean mountain air.
Nothing is more refreshing than to receive positive E-mail or note from colleague.
Nothing is more relaxing and centering than exploring the outdoors perched in a canoe.
Nothing is more relaxing than a big front porch with only the distant sounds of nature.
Nothing is more relaxing than an afternoon of fishing.
Nothing is more relaxing than taking a riverboat cruise on the Ohio River.
Nothing is more relevant to pastoral ministry than presence and support in crisis and loss.
Nothing is more reliable and sustainable for the planet than recycled water.
Nothing is more remembered than a story.
Nothing is more reprehensible that a prosecution based on perjury.
Nothing is more repugnant to capable, reasonable people than grace' .
Nothing is more responsible for the good old days than a bad memory.
Nothing is more revealing about our vicarious civil libertarians than their biographies.
Nothing is more revealing than movement.
Nothing is more revolting than a dog, any dog.
Nothing is more revolting than a vulgarly thrown egg.
Nothing is more revolting than ingratitude, which is shown by disrespect.
Nothing is more rewarding and satisfying than creating a new field each and every year.
Nothing is more rewarding than a campfire-cooked hot dog on a stick.
Nothing is more rewarding than helping a child understand something.
Nothing is more rewarding than making a difference to the lives of others.
Nothing is more rewarding than seeing students gain insight to occupations they never considered.
Nothing is more rewarding than seeing teachers expand their horizons.
Nothing is more rewarding than success.
Nothing is more rewarding than the sweet smile of a child.
Nothing is more rewarding than to look at family pictures and stories.
Nothing is more rewarding than working with kids.
Nothing is more rewarding.
Nothing is more romanntic.
Nothing is more sacred in a free democratic society than justice.
Nothing is more sacred save the almighty groove.
Nothing is more sacred than belief except repulsing an enemy who is attacking religion and life.
Nothing is more sacred.
Nothing is more saddening than looking at one broke down at the side of the road.
Nothing is more sanitary, durable, and brew consistent than a Sabco system.
Nothing is more satisfying than a bowl of soup, whether eaten with friends or alone.
Nothing is more satisfying than a positive, energetic, ethical work environment.
Nothing is more satisfying than a tasty meal.
Nothing is more satisfying than accomplishing a goal.
Nothing is more satisfying than seeing our cadets enjoy good health.
Nothing is more satisfying than that.
Nothing is more satisfying than to be playing out under the stars at night.
Nothing is more satisfying than to write a good sentence.
Nothing is more satisfying than watching a pair of song birds frolicking around in a bird bath.
Nothing is more satisfying to a new reader than the ability to read a book independently.
Nothing is more scarce than thorough, tough, or objective analysis of today's corporations.
Nothing is more secret than the grave.
Nothing is more secure than a dedicated server on dedicated hardware.
Nothing is more secure, more organized, or more thorough in customer service anywhere on the web.
Nothing is more seductive than a loaf of freshly baked bread.
Nothing is more sensational than a scary account of risks from food. . . .
Nothing is more sensational than a scary account of risks from food.
Nothing is more serious than a false allegation against a parent of sexually abusing a child.
Nothing is more serious.
Nothing is more sexually powerful than learning to submit to the control of our partner.
Nothing is more sexy than a young stud dripping wet.
Nothing is more sickening than the violent turmoil of anxiety, hatred, and ill communication.
Nothing is more simple and elegant than white.
Nothing is more simple or secure.
Nothing is more simple.
Nothing is more solemn and sacred to such fans.
Nothing is more soothing than water.
Nothing is more soul-destroying than the monotony of inactivity.
Nothing is more special than a personalized gift.
Nothing is more special than the delight of a child.
Nothing is more special than the extra special treat of homemade muffins.
Nothing is more spectacular that witnessing dozens of balloons ascending at once.
Nothing is more spectacular.
Nothing is more spiritual than words.
Nothing is more spooky than a seven-foot Mickey.
Nothing is more stirring than the recognition of great public purpose.
Nothing is more stressful and burdening than having too many debts.
Nothing is more striking about our local school than the extremes it contains.
Nothing is more striking and youthful than pink cheeks.
Nothing is more striking throughout the whole book than the scorn in which the world is held.
Nothing is more subject to the laws of cause and effect than a piece of matter,a rock.
Nothing is more subjective than humor.
Nothing is more suspicious, in a man who seems holy, than an impatient desire to reform other men.
Nothing is more synonymous with the holidays than food and wine.
Nothing is more taxing than constant stress.
Nothing is more terrible and insecure than the compliance with the policy of imperialism.
Nothing is more terrible during the settlement of a new country than a great storm.
Nothing is more terrible than activity without insight.
Nothing is more terrible than ignorance in action.
Nothing is more terrific than the lightning.
Nothing is more terrifying and dangerous than a stalled and darkened vehicle in a winter storm.
Nothing is more terrifying than going on a job interview.
Nothing is more terrifying than severe or chronic pain.
Nothing is more terrifying than that which is perfect.
Nothing is more terrifying to parents than when their child has a medical emergency.
Nothing is more than a couple menus away.
Nothing is more than a mile away including all the leisure facilities.
Nothing is more than four to six weeks old.
Nothing is more thrilling or romantic as a beautiful wedding celebration.
Nothing is more thrilling than finding some new or undiscovered hot spot for better value.
Nothing is more thrilling than the sound of a lunker bass smashing a surface lure at night.
Nothing is more timely than today's newspaper or more relevant than news about people.
Nothing is more tiresome than yesterday s experimental movie or experimental fiction . . .
Nothing is more toxic than pride and self-reliance.
Nothing is more tragic than a child ripped untimely from the arms of a parent.
Nothing is more tragic than a family torn apart.
Nothing is more tragic than failing to see life in the Bible.
Nothing is more tragic than to learn that a drunken or drugged driver was at fault.
Nothing is more treasonous.
Nothing is more true.
Nothing is more unaccountable than the spell that often lurks in a spoken word.
Nothing is more unappealing in a souffle than lumps.
Nothing is more unattractive than a masculine woman competing for manhood.
Nothing is more unattractive to a woman than a dude with a raging case of homophobia.
Nothing is more uncertain than investment predictions.
Nothing is more unclean than a fish, inasmuch as it even feeds upon human flesh.
Nothing is more unclean than covetousness.
Nothing is more uncomfortable.
Nothing is more unconvincing as an overly generalized, under-supported assertion.
Nothing is more understandable and lifelike than being in a family.
Nothing is more unfashionable than a fashion which is out of fashion.
Nothing is more unhealthy, amid all our unhealthy modernism, than Christian pity.
Nothing is more unintelligent than giving up on hope.
Nothing is more uninviting than a dark, drab booth.
Nothing is more uniting than a team coming together for a common good.
Nothing is more universal than taxes.
Nothing is more unnerving than a headpiece that feels like it's going to fall off.
Nothing is more unnerving to the storyteller than to have to pause in the middle of a narrative.
Nothing is more unpleasant than a good case of intestinal cramps, nausea and diarrhea.
Nothing is more unpleasant than the confession of dependence.
Nothing is more unpleasant, for a client and the attorney, than a misunderstanding about billing.
Nothing is more unpredictable and violent than human nature.
Nothing is more unreal than the source of fear.
Nothing is more unsightly than a bunch of exposed posts and decking around an above ground pool.
Nothing is more unsightly than watching someone talk and chew their food at the same time.
Nothing is more unstable than protoplasm.
Nothing is more untrue.
Nothing is more upsetting than to have everything just about in place and the threads break.
Nothing is more urgent than to help the victims of the disaster.
Nothing is more urgent.
Nothing is more useful in bringing logic to students.
Nothing is more useful than understanding the moral dilemmas that confront the human condition.
Nothing is more useless than a page full of links.
Nothing is more useless than an expensive web page that generates no response from the public.
Nothing is more useless than web pages that are expired or inaccurate.
Nothing is more vain than to seek to unite men by a philosophic minimum.
Nothing is more validating and affirming than feeling understood.
Nothing is more valuable in preparing for a happy life.
Nothing is more valuable than consistent communication and reporting between funders and ministries.
Nothing is more valuable than good health. . .
Nothing is more valuable than good health.
Nothing is more valuable than human existence.
Nothing is more valuable than information.
Nothing is more valuable than one s children.
Nothing is more valuable than that for a writer except their own established readership base.
Nothing is more valuable than the collision of ideas.
Nothing is more valuable than time.
Nothing is more valuable then getting inside the customers mind.
Nothing is more valuable then hearing a daily prayer, scripture or psalm.
Nothing is more valuable to a business owner than good resources.
Nothing is more valuable to a functioning downtown's economy than a solid work force.
Nothing is more valuable to an architectural historian than original architectural plans.
Nothing is more valuable to any business than a known and trusted name.
Nothing is more valuable.
Nothing is more varied than the preferences and personalities of children and teenagers.
Nothing is more violent than a car crash, but here there is no crash at all.
Nothing is more vital for a young person than to select the right addictions.
Nothing is more vital or more interesting than nature.
Nothing is more vital than making sure the performance of people is well managed and evaluated.
Nothing is more vital to a healthy life than clean air and safe water.
Nothing is more vital to a successful business than communication.
Nothing is more vital to Florida's success than protecting the health and safety of our children.
Nothing is more vital to the success of future generations in Nevada than a quality education.
Nothing is more vulgar than haste.
Nothing is more weak and powerless than a spider.
Nothing is more welcoming in a guest room than an abundant supply of reading material.
Nothing is more Western than the science of chiropractic.
Nothing is more withering and deadening than loss of interest.
Nothing is more wonderful than dining outside in our marvelous desert.
Nothing is more wonderful than to see humanity lifted out of degradation.
Nothing is more worrisome to an ultra runner than a babbling brook.
Nothing is more worthwhile, more ideal than living there.
Nothing is more worthy of our time.
Nothing is moved to memory X, so memory X stays the same.
Nothing is moved.
Nothing is much better than going to the line.
Nothing is much easier to steal than a Web site.
Nothing is much more precious than one's money.
Nothing is muffled or compressed.
Nothing is nailed down anymore.
Nothing is nastier, nothing is hotter.
Nothing is natural about the runaway consumption that is the basis of our society.
Nothing is natural today.
Nothing is natural, everything is cultural.
Nothing is naturally a commodity.
Nothing is neat or orderly, it's a flea market.
Nothing is necessarily ancestral to anything else.
Nothing is necessarily as it seems.
Nothing is necessarily quite as it seems to be here either.
Nothing is necessary for fanfic.
Nothing is necessary in either the subject line or the body of the message.
Nothing is needed but plain, ordinary nourishment.
Nothing is needed for Domain.
Nothing is needed for dream interpretation except the dreamer and the dream.
Nothing is needed in the body of the message.
Nothing is needed in the subject line and nothing is required in the body of the message.
Nothing is needed in the subject or body of the message.
Nothing is needed.
Nothing is negative except nothing.
Nothing is neglected so much as commitment.
Nothing is neglected.
Nothing is neutral in creation.
Nothing is neutral.
Nothing is neutral-all information is presented from a certain perspective.
Nothing is new about remarking the lack of science in pseudo-science about the Scriptures.
Nothing is new about remarking the lack of science in pseudoscience about the Scriptures.
Nothing is new about splitting search services into topical categories.
Nothing is new and it is just another method of transferring data.
Nothing is new except arrangement.
Nothing is new in the attempt to outlaw poverty.
Nothing is new or radical.
Nothing is new really, just flashy HTML and pictures everywhere.
Nothing is new so far.
Nothing is new that matters and nothing that matters can be modernized.
Nothing is new under the sun.
Nothing is new, and they are all well-healed.
Nothing is new, everything is permitted, ideas are free.
Nothing is new, everything that exists is derived from something else.
Nothing is new, so the easy way to train is to copy that which someone else has already done.
Nothing is new, true music is always personal.
Nothing is new.
Nothing is newer than the first day of the school.
Nothing is nicer than a meal caught in the moment when it is cooked perfectly.
Nothing is nicer than pulling over on a road and picking up something for supper.
Nothing is non-allergenic.
Nothing is normal .
Nothing is 'normal' anymore.
Nothing is normal.
Nothing is nothing is nothing.
Nothing is nothing to be afraid of.
Nothing is nothing.
Nothing is novel.
Nothing is now as it ever has been.
Nothing is now clean slayne But rotteth away.
Nothing is now like Silicon Valley.
Nothing is o.k.
Nothing is objective.
Nothing is objectively good or bad.
Nothing is objectively right or wrong.
Nothing is obligatory.
Nothing is obstructed.
Nothing is obvious - in fact, often the opposite is true.
Nothing is obvious here.
Nothing is obvious to the uninformed.
Nothing is obvious when it comes to rock art.
Nothing is obvious, either in material or treatment.
Nothing is obviously wrong with it, so for now continue to use the workaround script.
Nothing is of greater importance.
Nothing is of greater significance than the destruction of the basic wealth upon which people exist.
Nothing is of greater value than true love, and nothing causes more pain than when love is betrayed.
Nothing is of higher value than life.
Nothing is of more vital importance to camp directors, parents and campers than staff.
Nothing is of much help.
Nothing is of poor quality, but nothing is that good either.
Nothing is of value to it.
Nothing is of very high quality.
Nothing is off limits any more.
Nothing is off limits except the course content.
Nothing is off limits for investigation and revision.
Nothing is off limits for the working of salt and light.
Nothing is off limits in the dream state.
Nothing is off limits to investigation and revision.
Nothing is off limits when it comes to a child's curiosity.
Nothing is off limits, as long as it examines scientific evidence.
Nothing is off limits, as long as it's stated politely.
Nothing is off limits, in particular interpersonal relationships.
Nothing is off limits, nothing is off the table.
Nothing is off limits.
Nothing is off sides here, the home for talking smack and discussing the latest fight.
Nothing is off the record.
Nothing is off the shelf.
Nothing is off the table.
Nothing is off the target list.
Nothing is offensive, and the film is quite suitable for all ages.
Nothing is offered as truth.
Nothing is offered for sale, and no money is solicited.
Nothing is official unless the transaction has been processed in the computer.
Nothing is official until the transaction has taken place in the computer.
Nothing is official yet, so stay tuned.
Nothing is official, but the mood is encouraging.
Nothing is official.
Nothing is off-limits or irrelevant.
Nothing is off-limits.
Nothing is off-stage, everything is part of the site.
Nothing is off-topic, and a caring atmosphere is encouraged.
Nothing is okay, mom.
Nothing is older or more tired than a politically correct apology for the women's game.
Nothing is older than the Kingdom of God.
Nothing is omitted here.
Nothing is omitted, and yet very little is said that is worth reading.
Nothing is omitted.
Nothing is on fire.
Nothing is on ground level.
Nothing is on the box's bottom.
Nothing is on the line except a regular-season game.
Nothing is on the prototype yet.
Nothing is on tv.
Nothing is one-sided about American support for Israel.
Nothing is only black or white, and gray knows many shades.
Nothing is Open for Salsa.
Nothing is open.
Nothing is opened by mistake as often as one's mouth.
Nothing is opened by mistake more often than the mouth.
Nothing is optional.
Nothing is or can be true in itself, but only in relation to something else with which it conforms.
Nothing is or is to be left out, and no one.
Nothing is or is to be left out.
Nothing is ordinary in the house.
Nothing is ordinary.
Nothing is Ordinary.
Nothing is organized at all.
Nothing is original, Everything comes from truth.
Nothing is original.
Nothing is orthodox or unorthodox anymore.
Nothing is our own, nothing native to our intelligence, all is derived.
Nothing is our very precise confrontation with form and reason.
Nothing is out of a can.
Nothing is out of bounds.
Nothing is out of our reach.
Nothing is out of place and nothing is in an illogical position.
Nothing is out of place, which gives it a feel of tranquility and peacefulness.
Nothing is out of place.
Nothing is out of reach as long as the members are willing to make it happen.
Nothing is out of reach from genetic engineering.
Nothing is out of reach of their researchers to demean and belittle.
Nothing is out of reach.
Nothing is out of the ordinary.
Nothing is out of the question and everything is a possibility.
Nothing is out of the question.
Nothing is outlined here that makes it easier to point the finger at one person over another.
Nothing is output or executed after it is called.
Nothing is outside the fold.
Nothing is outside the practice and standards of museums across the country.
Nothing is outside the realm of poetry.
Nothing is outsourced.
Nothing is outspoken.
Nothing is over clocked at present.
Nothing is over mixed, or undermixed.
Nothing is over until it is forgotten.
Nothing is over until it's over, though.
Nothing is over until it's over.
Nothing is over, all is contained.
Nothing is over.
Nothing is overclocked.
Nothing is overcooked and all items have a satisfying flavor without being overly spicy.
Nothing is overdone or dark and heavy.
Nothing is overdone.
Nothing is over-emphasized in the transfer.
Nothing is overlooked and no shortcuts are taken.
Nothing is overlooked at the club from fitness to diet.
Nothing is overlooked or left to chance.
Nothing is overlooked or taken for granted.
Nothing is overlooked to produce a direct marketing program.
Nothing is overlooked, and nothing is left to chance.
Nothing is overlooked, as avionics, weapons and evasion systems are thoroughly checked.
Nothing is overlooked.
Nothing is overly difficult, but it is a lot of calculating.
Nothing is overly esoteric here.
Nothing is overly ornate, except the wonderful carousel animals, but that's okay.
Nothing is overstated, and the approach is incredibly effective.
Nothing is overstated, and the most emotional moments of the film are achieved without strain.
Nothing is overt.
Nothing is overwhelming.
Nothing is overworked or contrived . . .
Nothing is owed if the CD bombs.
Nothing is owned by individuals.
Nothing is packed.
Nothing is paid if less than half the note is present.
Nothing is paid if the insured person survives the length of the term policy.
Nothing is paid to the agents for their basic services.
Nothing is painted.
Nothing is parallel.
Nothing is particularly impressive.
Nothing is particularly interesting.
Nothing is particularly pleasurable.
Nothing is particularly sacred or holy about a steeple, either.
Nothing is particularly sugar coated.
Nothing is passed in plain text that can be easily spotted by a sniffer.
Nothing is passive.
Nothing is past, nothing is lost.
Nothing is past.
Nothing is pasted.
Nothing is pat in wrapping up the loose ends.
Nothing is peaceful there when it comes to politics.
Nothing is peculiar to the American system that prevents our children from reaching high levels.
Nothing is perceived directly - everything is mediated by the sense organs.
Nothing is perfect . . .
Nothing is perfect about the game, in fact most of it is mediocre but it is just flat out fun.
Nothing is perfect and everybody knows that.
Nothing is perfect but the hope of it.
Nothing is perfect except perhaps our new software.
Nothing is perfect first time round.
Nothing is perfect for everybody.
Nothing is perfect however.
Nothing is perfect in life and bypass grafts are no exception.
Nothing is perfect in the real world.
Nothing is perfect until nothing can be taken away.
Nothing is perfect, always room for improvement, in everything.
Nothing is perfect, and ADSL is no exception.
Nothing is perfect, and orchids do get pests.
Nothing is perfect, and tha'ts no excuse.
Nothing is perfect, including isolators.
Nothing is perfect, nothing is completely sharp.
Nothing is perfect, of course.
Nothing is perfect, or stays that way.
Nothing is perfect, so now and then the insurance companies get hit.
Nothing is perfect, therefore proceed with caution.
Nothing is perfect, though.
Nothing is perfect.
Nothing Is Perfect.
Nothing is perfectly safe, of course.
Nothing is perfectly secure.
Nothing is permanent but change.
Nothing is permanent except change.
Nothing is permanent except for the one whole made of the elements.
Nothing is permanent here.
Nothing is permanent in all the world.
Nothing is permanent in Italy, only the ruins and the tourists and the taxes.
Nothing is permanent in life.
Nothing is permanent on the Internet.
Nothing is permanent or certain on the internet.
Nothing is permanent though.
Nothing is permanent until pressed with an iron.
Nothing is permanent, everything changes.
Nothing is permanent, everything ends, preservation only prolongs the inevitable.
Nothing is permanent, except change.
Nothing is permanent, static or in one position only.
Nothing is permanent.
Nothing is personal here.
Nothing is personal.
Nothing is phony or fake, just alive with the holy spirit.
Nothing is photographically correct.
Nothing is plagiarized.
Nothing is planned at the moment in the States, because they have to be okayed so far in advance.
Nothing is planned for the immediate future.
Nothing is planned, everything happens by pure incident.
Nothing is planned, it is a process of the spirit.
Nothing is planned, nothing settled, Europe is, as always, a continuous conversation.
Nothing is planned.
Nothing is planted in the alley way.
Nothing is played the same way twice.
Nothing is pleasant anymore.
Nothing is plug an play when it comes to building a repeater.
Nothing is plumb anymore, it's a drunken boat.
Nothing is plural.
Nothing is poison.
Nothing is politically right when it is morally wrong.
Nothing is politically right which is morally wrong.
Nothing is poor.
Nothing is posed and each photograph is lovingly handmade and numbered.
Nothing is positive as yet.
Nothing is possible except what actually is.
Nothing is possible without aid from on high.
Nothing is possible without discipline, comprehended, self-imposed and inner directed.
Nothing is possible without it.
Nothing is possible without prayer, all is possible with prayer and faith.
Nothing is possible without that basic, hard-won economic stability.
Nothing is precise here.
Nothing is precluded, just as nothing is guaranteed.
Nothing is preconstructed or generated as in most compiler construction tools.
Nothing is pre-cooked.
Nothing is predefined in Factotum except the form of the fact.
Nothing is predestined yet.
Nothing is predetermined.
Nothing is predictable any more.
Nothing is predictable for Cyrillic fonts, however.
Nothing is predictable here.
Nothing is predictable in the Here and Now.
Nothing is predictable is best.
Nothing is predictable or easy.
Nothing is predictable, and no let-downs in the plot.
Nothing is predictable, but all is understandable and even relelatory.
Nothing is predictable, except running red lights.
Nothing is predictable.
Nothing is pre-made, and no item is ever just thrown together.
Nothing is preordained.
Nothing is prepackaged.
Nothing is prepared elsewhere.
Nothing is prepared in advance.
Nothing is prepared the day before.
Nothing is preposterous as long as it's conspiratorial.
Nothing is preposterous for beings who are beyond our comprehension.
Nothing is pre-prepared in the kitchen, according to the chef, who has a deft hand with sauces.
Nothing is preprepared.
Nothing is pre-recorded or sequenced.
Nothing is prerecorded, and everything is improvisation.
Nothing is prescribed.
Nothing is presented for review by point of error fifteen.
Nothing is presented for review by point seventeen.
Nothing is presented for review.
Nothing is presented moralistically here.
Nothing is presented to suggest that the actual rate at which India drifted is impossible.
Nothing is preserved.
Nothing is presupposed to the ego.
Nothing is prettier than a Chicago dog when made up properly.
Nothing is prevented by time conflict.
Nothing is principle.
Nothing is printed at the bottom of the order form.
Nothing is printed at the top of the order form.
Nothing is printed out.
Nothing is printed visibly for setw, but rather it sets up formatting for the next number output.
Nothing is printed without their permission.
Nothing is printed, but mail is sent if any errors are detected.
Nothing is printed, but mail is sent to the mailto address as specified in the amanda .
Nothing is printed, but the shell prompt doesn'tcome back.
Nothing is printed.
Nothing is pristine.
Nothing is private any more.
Nothing is private because the parties involved have made everything public.
Nothing is private in the close confines of college.
Nothing is private inside a body, everything affects everything.
Nothing is private when transmitting on amateur radio frequencies.
Nothing is private.
Nothing is probable.
Nothing is produced on the terminal.
Nothing is produced or repaired.
Nothing is produced, bought or sold.
Nothing is promised.
Nothing is proprietary.
Nothing is proved.
Nothing is proven more effective in eliminating nasal symptoms in most patients than steroids.
Nothing is proven.
Nothing is provided except the space itself.
Nothing is provided for parents to do at meetings.
Nothing is provided for temps.
Nothing is publicly available.
Nothing is published until it meets our clients expectations.
Nothing is published yet.
Nothing is published.
Nothing is pulled off the news wires.
Nothing is pure about the Internet.
Nothing is pure chance.
Nothing is pure in the sense of being independent.
Nothing is pure or unadulterated.
Nothing is pure to the tainted minds of disbelievers, tainted alike in reason and conscience.
Nothing is pure.
Nothing is purely active or purely passively.
Nothing is purely black and white.
Nothing is purely dark and nothing is purely white.
Nothing is purely nonfiction, for even the telling of a fact is the reworking of truth.
Nothing is purer and more delicious than hate.
Nothing is purer than sterility and simpler than death.
Nothing is purer, more real, more alive.
Nothing is pushed down or brought out.
Nothing is pushed forward.
Nothing is put in the grave with the body.
Nothing is put in the Subject line and nothing else is put in the body.
Nothing is put into play.
Nothing is questioned.
Nothing is quick here.
Nothing is quiet as intimidating as the roar of the king of the jungle.
Nothing is quite as affirming as corporate pressure applied to an activist.
Nothing is quite as beautiful as the Southern Maine Coast in the winter.
Nothing is quite as easy as it seems.
Nothing is quite as effective as a feint.
Nothing is quite as efficient as providing 'teachable moments' to a patient.
Nothing is quite as enticing as money.
Nothing is quite as frustrating as having to wade through useless information on a phone message.
Nothing is quite as good as it seems at first glance, and there is a little villain in everyone.
Nothing is quite as inane in conversation as bookish language from a person who seems insincere.
Nothing is quite as irritating to the busy woman that a recurring yeast infection.
Nothing is quite as it seems.
Nothing is quite as lovely as enjoying a day full of activities in the fresh mountain air.
Nothing is quite as mouth-watering as a plump, juicy strawberry, right off the vine.
Nothing is quite as mysterious as a cat.
Nothing is quite as nice as visiting grandparents, cousins, aunts and uncles. . .
Nothing is quite as personal, it's angler versus fish, and all the advantages are with the fish.
Nothing is quite as pleasing as running water in the desert.
Nothing is quite as satisfying as excellent performance and ultimate convenience.
Nothing is quite as soothing as the pleasant sound of water gently bubbling down.
Nothing is quite as tedious as a person who needs constant stimulation.
Nothing is quite as tranquil as looking out over a snow covered valley and mountain range.
Nothing is quite as universally welcomed or as versatile as flowers and plants.
Nothing is quite black or white.
Nothing is quite like a virtual coloring book.
Nothing is quite like downing a bag of marshmallows in five minutes.
Nothing is quite like getting up and heading to the first day of class at college.
Nothing is quite like it.
Nothing is quite like the flight of a glider.
Nothing is quite like the glorious depth of pure gold.
Nothing is quite like watching two girls together.
Nothing is quite so bitter as the acrid taste of stark reality that a dying dream leaves behind.
Nothing is quite so boring as reading about someone else's system crash .
Nothing is quite so clear anymore.
Nothing is quite so comforting as blue and white.
Nothing is quite so demoralizing as the constant dread of self-annihilation.
Nothing is quite so demoralizing to a college student as slack time with no work assignments.
Nothing is quite so devastating as the diagnosis of cancer.
Nothing is quite so effective as a quick and attractive change of subject.
Nothing is quite so fascinating as reality.
Nothing is quite so fine as bread and jam.
Nothing is quite so inescapable or disillusioning as politics.
Nothing is quite so powerful as the love of dance.
Nothing is quite so practical as a good theory.
Nothing is quite so repulsive and yet compellingly tactile as a disembodied eyeball.
Nothing is quite so revealing.
Nothing is quite so terrifying as losing a child in a crowd.
Nothing is quite straight on, except for the emotions.
Nothing is quite such a a teacher as experience.
Nothing is quite the same.
Nothing is quite what it seems and for some features it takes a good deal of messing with.
Nothing is quite what it seems at the start.
Nothing is quite what it seems to be.
Nothing is quite what it seems, and a final cello litany brings desolation instead of any comfort.
Nothing is quite what it seems.
Nothing is random in the text . . .
Nothing is random or chaos.
Nothing is random or done only for the sake of beauty.
Nothing is random or haphazard.
Nothing is random, everything is planned from the beginning by the Highest.
Nothing is random, yet nothing is predictable.
Nothing is random.
Nothing is real and everything is virtual.
Nothing is real and nothing to get hungabout.
Nothing is real at all.
Nothing is real but the girl.
Nothing is real enough as to engender loyalty and devotion.
Nothing is real except that which concerns the working of our own minds.
Nothing is real except the pain.
Nothing is real now.
Nothing is real there, and existence is like a miserable dream.
Nothing is real unless there is an audience.
Nothing is real without sensual imprints.
Nothing is real, beyond our conception of reality.
Nothing is real, everything is an illusion, a creation of our own sick minds.
Nothing is real, everything is for show.
Nothing is real, everything is hypothetical.
Nothing is real, everything is virtual.
Nothing is real.
Nothing is really a sure thing.
Nothing is really any different or better than in ancient times.
Nothing is really as it seems.
Nothing is really black and white.
Nothing is really evil.
Nothing is really fair and just.
Nothing is really firm yet.
Nothing is really for certain when it comes to the facts.
Nothing is really free , folks.
Nothing is really free and the free photo sharing sites make money in three different ways.
Nothing is really functional yet just some of the basic art work.
Nothing is really funny until it's proclaimed funny.
Nothing is really good for either meroplankton or mircos.
Nothing is really harder or easier to draw in a mechanical sense.
Nothing is really high lighted.
Nothing is really maintenance-free but it can be close to it once established.
Nothing is really mandatory.
Nothing is really new about dieting just because it's moved to the Internet.
Nothing is really new, the saying goes.
Nothing is really new.
Nothing is really organized on the web either.
Nothing is really over .
Nothing is really popular north of Boston.
Nothing is really pretentious, and it expresses a wide variety of tastes.
Nothing is really small.
Nothing is really surprising, except for the shocking showdown at the end.
Nothing is really surprising.
Nothing is really that important.
Nothing is really What it seems.
Nothing is really wrong but the other offer is stupendous.
Nothing is really wrong with the system.
Nothing is really wrong.
Nothing is really yellow in that situation.
Nothing is recognizable.
Nothing is recorded about their ship, sailing dates, or ports.
Nothing is recorded if the examination is failed.
Nothing is recorded.
Nothing is referred to in the resolution.
Nothing is regarded as static or absolute.
Nothing is rehearsed.
Nothing is rejected out of hand, as the best ideas are set aside while more are raised.
Nothing is relative to nothing.
Nothing is released without showing up here first.
Nothing is relevant for our visitors below here.
Nothing is relevent for our visitors below here.
Nothing is removed and there is no unpleasant odor.
Nothing is removed or killed.
Nothing is removed or taken back to the classroom.
Nothing is removed.
Nothing is repeated in the advanced.
Nothing is repeated, and nothing is unparalleled.
Nothing is repeated.
Nothing is reported correctly.
Nothing is reported of the dodo's mating habits, behaviors or life expectancy.
Nothing is reported to an insurance company or employer.
Nothing is reported to be stolen.
Nothing is required except a healthy diet.
Nothing is required for access - no parental consent form, library card, etc.
Nothing is required for the directory.
Nothing is required for the subject, nor for the body of the message.
Nothing is required from our members except the desire to advance the hobby.
Nothing is required immediately.
Nothing is required in preparation .
Nothing is required in the body of the letter.
Nothing is required in the schedule files to specify the mapping explicitly.
Nothing is required in the subject line nor the body of the message.
Nothing is required in the subject line of the message.
Nothing is required in the subject line or message body.
Nothing is required in the subject ling of the message.
Nothing is required in the subject or message areas.
Nothing is required of people as acts of faith except that which is evident in the Scriptures.
Nothing is required of the patient, and nothing is administered to the patient.
Nothing is required of the users, except to respect the other users, and the systems.
Nothing is required on the part of the merchant when a consumer uses O-power.
Nothing is required other than plugging into a thermostat and placing the reptiles inside.
Nothing is required to be handed in.
Nothing is required to have a canine sniff luggage in custody of common carrier.
Nothing is required to prove that the device is safe and effective.
Nothing is required to set it back on the right track again.
Nothing is required, but everything is made available.
Nothing is required, participation is voluntary.
Nothing is required, save an interest in learning and a willingness to have a good time.
Nothing is required.
Nothing is resolved about the chemical warfare stuff.
Nothing is resolved and the men return to their armis to prepare for battle.
Nothing is resolved through violence.
Nothing is resolved, but promises Are made.
Nothing is resolved, everything is shattered.
Nothing is resolved.
Nothing is respected.
Nothing is restored, nothing gives back that glowing green to the scorched fields.
Nothing is restored.
Nothing is restrained.
Nothing is retained in any form.
Nothing is retrieved from the web.
Nothing is returned to the calling statement.
Nothing is returned to the publisher.
Nothing is returned to the sender.
Nothing is returned to the stack.
Nothing is returned.
Nothing is revealed about the purchaser.
Nothing is revealed all at once.
Nothing is revealed to anyone or any organization outside our local office.
Nothing is revealed.
Nothing is rewarded and everything is punished in a world devoid of divine intervention.
Nothing is rewarding.
Nothing is rich but the inexhaustible wealth of nature.
Nothing is richer, warmer or more appealing than wood.
Nothing is right or wrong and there is no morality - and also, no justice.
Nothing is right or wrong, all that matters is getting there.
Nothing is right or wrong.
Nothing is right the first time.
Nothing is right until it is right at the heart.
Nothing is right, and nothing is wrong.
Nothing is right.
Nothing is rigid here.
Nothing is risk free.
Nothing is risk-free.
Nothing is riskless.
Nothing is romantic about sweat and fear.
Nothing is romanticized here.
Nothing is romanticized.
Nothing is rougher than Texas fraternity.
Nothing is routine in Law Enforcement.
Nothing is routine.
Nothing is ruled in and nothing is ruled out.
Nothing is rushed but the comfort level is too high to care.
Nothing is rushed into place.
Nothing is rushed, but everything goes like clockwork.
Nothing is rushed.
Nothing is sacraficed for the sake of simplicity,but everything is there.
Nothing is sacred and all things are open for discussion.
Nothing is sacred and everything is sacred- at the same time.
Nothing is sacred and nothing is of any value, only the debased gratification of the flesh.
Nothing is sacred and the comics are equal-opportunity offenders.
Nothing is sacred any more.
Nothing is sacred anymore, and much of what passes for humor is mean-spirited and hard.
Nothing is sacred anymore, everything is lost in the past.
Nothing is sacred anymore.
Nothing is sacred department.
Nothing is sacred from their disgusting love of the sensational.
Nothing is sacred here.
Nothing is sacred in America's pop culture.
Nothing is sacred in the hands of marijuana-addicted producers.
Nothing Is Sacred' is another, alternatively tough-minded, hopeful, despairing.
Nothing is sacred on a system once it has intruders.
Nothing is sacred on South Park .
Nothing is sacred on the web.
Nothing is sacred or holy in times of war.
Nothing is sacred or secret.
Nothing is sacred or too disturbing for Plutonian energies to tackle.
Nothing is sacred to a billy-goat.
Nothing is sacred to a dog.
Nothing is sacred to the criminal.
Nothing is sacred to the modern novelist.
Nothing is sacred when it comes to comedy.
Nothing is sacred when it comes to sampling for songs.
Nothing is sacred, and nothing is safe from scrutiny.
Nothing is sacred, especially music, religion, and politics.
Nothing is sacred, even the final fairwell dinner.
Nothing is sacred, everything is evaluated.
Nothing is sacred, everything is grist for the profit mill.
Nothing is sacred, everything is slashed.
Nothing is sacred, including cartoonists.
Nothing is sacred, inviolable, legitimate.
Nothing is sacred, least of all the fetishised, reified shibboleths of anarchism.
Nothing is sacred.
Nothing is sacrificed in the process.
Nothing is sacrosanct.
Nothing is sadder than having worldly standards without worldly means.
Nothing is sadder than the murder of a beautiful theory by a gang of ugly facts.
Nothing is sadder than the yellow faces of the local colonists.
Nothing is sadder than when the educator and the player stop learning.
Nothing is safe , nothing is sacred .
Nothing is safe anymore.
Nothing is safe as the cats venture from one room to another looking for sun and fun.
Nothing is safe for all people all the time.
Nothing is safe for which a whole people sighs and longs.
Nothing is safe from a baby.
Nothing is safe from anyone.
Nothing is safe from dot-com mania, including the health industry.
Nothing is safe from their enthusiastic flight.
Nothing is safe, but neither is anything sacred.
Nothing is safe, for which a whole people sighs and longs.
Nothing is safe, they are so inquisitive.
Nothing is safe.
Nothing is safer than lamb s wool.
Nothing is safer than microfilm when it comes to preserving paper documents and other media.
Nothing is safer.
Nothing is said about a few things or one thing alone being necessary.
Nothing is said about a separation of time between the two classes of people.
Nothing is said about about one member, one vote, so there is a distinction.
Nothing is said about affection or mutual attachment.
Nothing is said about any limitation period.
Nothing is said about being baptized.
Nothing is said about carrying in order to actually fulfill the mitzvah.
Nothing is said about cups of wine with Passover.
Nothing is said about days of the week.
Nothing is said about declining resources or any of the other problems facing public schools.
Nothing is said about epilepsy.
Nothing is said about E-Tea being frozen or freeze dried.
Nothing is said about everlasting fire, as mentioned in Matt.
Nothing is said about fear as being the motivation for the shooting.
Nothing is said about fish, however.
Nothing is said about formal education.
Nothing is said about future flights.
Nothing is said about how many work.
Nothing is said about how the angel looks.
Nothing is said about mental intent.
Nothing is said about moderation or withholding the dangerous drug from children.
Nothing is said about other Internet material, such as discussion lists or newsgroup postings.
Nothing is said about peace based on fear, deterrence, or a balance of power.
Nothing is said about planned poverty for our shepherds.
Nothing is said about primitive lies.
Nothing is said about the consequences for Nicaragua, deprived of any other support by U.S. edict.
Nothing is said about the cosmetic surgery issue.
Nothing is said about the creation of man, of water animals, or of vegetation.
Nothing is said about the dictatorship which exists.
Nothing is said about the knot vector, which defines the parameterization.
Nothing is said about the other forms of death.
Nothing is said about the other guy coming and seeking forgiveness.
Nothing is said about the other parent's positive traits.
Nothing is said about the plight of the poor, the sick, the homeless and oppressed.
Nothing is said about the relative concentrations of the reactants and products.
Nothing is said about the saints themselves being judged.
Nothing is said about the sins of the saints.
Nothing is said about the source, duration or methodology used for either studies.
Nothing is said about the spouse's grandfather.
Nothing is said about the symbolism or when the flag dates from.
Nothing is said anywhere about gun control.
Nothing is said as to any other language.
Nothing is said as to the number who came nor as to the country whence they came.
Nothing is said as to the price.
Nothing is said but, one assumes the bigger or more abundant indicate an increase in ploidy level.
Nothing is said here about deity.
Nothing is said if all goes well, but if something goes wrong everyone knows or hears it.
Nothing is said in any of the press articles about the station, and no photographs show it.
Nothing is said in the bill about the promise of indemnity.
Nothing is said in the price lists and promo about the redundancy aspect.
Nothing is said in the statute about knowledge or inadvertence.
Nothing is said of baptism with water being necessary for salvation.
Nothing is said of cultural or racial sanctions.
Nothing is said of grace, justification or the forgiveness of sins.
Nothing is said of house demolitions, land expropriations, illegal arrests, torture and the like.
Nothing is said of the many millions who are vitamin A deficient and have diminished night vision.
Nothing is said of the results or if they ever returned.
Nothing is said on creating different size handouts.
Nothing is said openly, it is implied.
Nothing is said, however, about the sale of toothpaste.
Nothing is said, just whispered images which connote reflection.
Nothing is said, keep a clear mind.
Nothing is said.
Nothing is salvageable.
Nothing is sampled.
Nothing is saved in a cache.
Nothing is saved or invested for the future.
Nothing is saved or invested for tomorrow.
Nothing is saved so be careful of crashing browsers.
Nothing is saved to the learner's hard drive and learners never have to leave their browsers.
Nothing is saved.
Nothing is scarier than a writer's work on the monitor itself.
Nothing is scarier than having a very sick child, especially a premature baby.
Nothing is scarier than that.
Nothing is scarier than the thought of making the wrong hiring decision.
Nothing is scattered.
Nothing is scheduled.
Nothing is science until the scientific community says it is.
Nothing is screened or censored, so the audience end up as collaborators in our process.
Nothing is screwed up yet.
Nothing is scripted, nothing is planned.
Nothing is scripted, nothing is prepared.
Nothing is sculpted.
Nothing is sealed, yet.
Nothing is second.
Nothing is secret anymore.
Nothing is secret except to come to light.
Nothing is secret -manifest.
Nothing is secret on a train and the word spread rapidly.
Nothing is secret there.
Nothing is secret, nothing is sacred, nothing is held back.
Nothing is secret, unless someday it's going to be out in the light.
Nothing is secret.
Nothing is secure if it can be taken away.
Nothing is secure or stable.
Nothing is secure, and everything is based on information about industry updates and speculation.
Nothing is secure.
Nothing is 'Secure'.
Nothing is seen as 'naturally right'.
Nothing is seen except gloom and broken pillars.
Nothing is seen for miles around.
Nothing is seen growing.
Nothing is seen in the background but pure black.
Nothing is seen or heard.
Nothing is selected.
Nothing is self promoting.
Nothing is sent but what the reader asks for.
Nothing is sent to a news server as part of a subscription.
Nothing is sent to drain Filtering liquid waste requires drain disposal or hauling of the effluent.
Nothing is sent to the recipient.
Nothing is separate from the other.
Nothing is separate or insignificant or arbitrary.
Nothing is separate, everything is a part of the whole.
Nothing is separate.
Nothing is sequenced, and only a couple of samples are used - everything else is played live.
Nothing is serious nowadays.
Nothing is serious yet.
Nothing is seriously wrong, but nothing is really right either.
Nothing is served by arbitrarily closing down conversation.
Nothing is served by revenge.
Nothing is served by rudeness.
Nothing is served by the transfer of hard earned capital into the pockets of faceless bureaucrats.
Nothing is set and everything is moving.
Nothing is set however, feel free to improvise.
Nothing is set in concrete right now.
Nothing is set in concrete, so to speak.
Nothing is set in concrete.
Nothing is set in stone - or concrete.
Nothing is set in stone and everything changes.
Nothing is set in stone anymore.
Nothing is set in stone for next year yet.
Nothing is set in stone here.
Nothing is set in stone just yet.
Nothing is set in stone until it has been proven in the marketplace.
Nothing is set in stone yet, and officials are discussing their options.
Nothing is set in stone yet.
Nothing is set in stone, advertisement plans can be and are tailored to suit the advertiser's needs.
Nothing is set in stone, of course.
Nothing is set in stone.
Nothing is set up.
Nothing is set yet, it still has to go through the review boards.
Nothing is set yet.
Nothing is set.
Nothing is settled until it is settled right.
Nothing is settled yet, the administration is quick to point out.
Nothing is settled.
Nothing is shady or has an ulterior motive.
Nothing is shared faster than a new idea.
Nothing is shared or reused.
Nothing is shared with friends or relatives or husbands or significant others.
Nothing is shared with others.
Nothing is shared.
Nothing is sharper than suffering, nothing is sweeter than to have suffered.
Nothing is shelved for aesthetics.
Nothing is shiny, no reflections, no glares.
Nothing is shipped unless it meets our rigorous requirements.
Nothing is shipped until it passes final inspection and audit of parts.
Nothing is shipped without full certification and approval.
Nothing is shocking or different.
Nothing is shortchanged.
Nothing is shown in the income statement.
Nothing is shown.
Nothing is sifted out.
Nothing is signed and sealed yet.
Nothing is silent and there are no real tricks.
Nothing is silent.
Nothing is sillier than a silly laugh.
Nothing is silly.
Nothing is simple and alone.
Nothing is simple and clear-cut nowadays.
Nothing is simple and everything depends on something else.
Nothing is simple anymore, seems to be the theme.
Nothing is simple anymore.
Nothing is simple here.
Nothing is simple in human affairs.
Nothing is simple in India.
Nothing is simple in politics.
Nothing is simple in the life of the disabled.
Nothing is simple in Tibet.
Nothing is simple or politically correct.
Nothing is simple to a foreigner.
Nothing is simple when lawyers, armed deputies and political operatives are involved.
Nothing is simple, however.
Nothing is simple, nothing is forgotten, nothing is finished.
Nothing is simple.
Nothing is simpler and friendlier.
Nothing is simpler or more convenient.
Nothing is simpler or more definite that the principles of either.
Nothing is simpler than a constant.
Nothing is simpler than roasting a turkey.
Nothing is simpler.
Nothing is simply black or white.
Nothing is simulated here.
Nothing is simulated.
Nothing is simultaneously both conceived and perfected.
Nothing is simultaneously more real and more ephemeral than our yearnings and strivings.
Nothing is sin except what is thought of as sin.
Nothing is sin.
Nothing is single or triple spaced.
Nothing is single spaced and nothing is more than double spaced.
Nothing is single, but everything is bipolar.
Nothing is singular or simple about conquest.
Nothing is sinister about reading.
Nothing is slanted.
Nothing is slurred or fogged.
Nothing is small.
Nothing is smooth.
Nothing is smoother.
Nothing is so admirable in politics as a short memory.
Nothing is so aggravating as calmness.
Nothing is so aggravating than calmness.
Nothing is so apt to challenge our self-awareness and alertness as being at war with oneself.
Nothing is so basic.
Nothing is so beautiful as property.
Nothing is so beautiful as spring down there.
Nothing is so beautiful as spring.
Nothing is so calculated to expose the worthlessness of the empty profession of modern religionists.
Nothing is so certain as the unexpected.
Nothing is so civilized as a siesta.
Nothing is so commonplace as to wish to be remarkable.
Nothing is so concrete as the thought.
Nothing is so contagious as an example.
Nothing is so contagious as enthusiasm.
Nothing is so contagious as example.
Nothing is so contemptible as the sentiments of the mob.
Nothing is so costly as the pursuit of a cure for imaginary ills.
Nothing is so cruel as love if a rival challenges it to combat.
Nothing is so dangerous as being too modern, one is apt to grow old-fashioned quite suddenly.
Nothing is so dangerous as being too modern.
Nothing is so dangerous as to forbid societal movements and growth.
Nothing is so dear and precious as time.
Nothing is so deeply human as the search for meaning.
Nothing is so delectable as a tender creation with creamy icing and artistic garnishes.
Nothing is so despised thruout our world as incest.
Nothing is so difficult as a beginning in poesy, unless perhaps the end.
Nothing is so disappointing as a lame ending.
Nothing is so easy as putting off reasonable estate planning.
Nothing is so easy for any woman to acquire as a charming bow.
Nothing is so embarrassing nor so mischievous in a great assembly as the details of execution.
Nothing is so essential to success as the tiny piece of yarn or plastic attached to the leader.
Nothing is so exhausting as indecision, and nothing is so futile.
Nothing is so fatal to religion as indifference, which is, at least, half infidelity.
Nothing is so fatal to religion as indifference.
Nothing is so fatal to successful effort as discouragement or despondency.
Nothing is so fatiguing as the eternal hanging on of an uncompleted task.
Nothing is so fatiguing as the eternal hanging on of uncompleted tasks.
Nothing is so fluid, so intelligent and yet so purposeful.
Nothing is so forcible as truth plainly told.
Nothing is so fruitful a cause of disease as depression, gloominess, and sadness.
Nothing is so frustrating as a bad situation that is beginning to improve.
Nothing is so good as it seems beforehand.
Nothing is so good in the home as a bright cheery wife.
Nothing is so grindingly difficult to read as calculated inanity.
Nothing is so harmful to the soul as bodily comfort.
Nothing is so helpful as a soft wrm bed.
Nothing is so ignorant as man's left hand, except a lady's watch.
Nothing is so important as a well-organized template for action.
Nothing is so important in that cause as a strong United States of America.
Nothing is so important.
Nothing is so impressive as factual proof.
Nothing is so infectious as example.
Nothing is so linear anymore.
Nothing is so much improved by care, or injured by neglect, as the memory.
Nothing is so much to be feared as fear.
Nothing is so much to be shunned as sex relations.
Nothing is so natural as trade with one's neighbors.
Nothing is so necessary for a young man as the society of clever women.
Nothing is so obvious where the wild cards are concerned.
Nothing is so often irretrievably missed as a daily opportunity.
Nothing is so opposed to servility as humility, and nothing is so protective of dignity.
Nothing is so painful as sin.
Nothing is so painful to the human mind as a great and sudden change.
Nothing is so permanent as a temporary addition.
Nothing is so permanent as a temporary government program.
Nothing is so permanent as a temporary government programme.
Nothing is so potent as the silent influence of a good example.
Nothing is so potent as the silent influence of good example.
Nothing is so powerful as an idea whose time has come.
Nothing is so powerful in the case of the open infidel.
Nothing is so practical, because it is the fruit of experience.
Nothing is so priceless as the memories of temptations, pleasures, and friendships known in youth.
Nothing is so problematic about knife throwing as targets.
Nothing is so pure, so beautiful, precious and innocent.
Nothing is so radical as making disciples of Jesus.
Nothing is so real.
Nothing is so redemptive as an apology.
Nothing is so revealing of narrowness and littleness of soul than love of money.
Nothing is so reviled as individuality.
Nothing is so right that it deserves unanimity.
Nothing is so romantic as the decipherment of an unknown script.
Nothing is so second or third-rate as to be out of place.
Nothing is so simple, but so easily overlooked.
Nothing is so simple.
Nothing is so soon forgot as pain.
Nothing is so soothing to our self-esteem as to find our bad traits in our forebears.
Nothing is so strong as gentleness and nothing is so gentle as real strength.
Nothing is so strong as gentleness, and nothing is so gentle as true strength.
Nothing is so strong as gentleness.
Nothing is so terrible in human form as the woman who knows it all.
Nothing is so terrible that it affects the basic reality of ' existence.
Nothing is so totally defeating to the devil as the Precious Blood of the Lamb of God.
Nothing is so treacherous in the Christian walk as spiritual pride.
Nothing is so true as during the holiday season in the Napa Valley or at the Napa Valley Grille.
Nothing is so uncertain as life.
Nothing is so unfamiliar as the well-known when viewed from the perspective of walking in a river.
Nothing is so useful in removing surface cordiality.
Nothing is so useless as a general maxim.
Nothing is so vulgar as perpetual cheerfulness.
Nothing is so wretched or foolish as to anticipate misfortunes.
Nothing is socialist anymore.
Nothing is softer or more huggable than our Purr-fection bears.
Nothing is softer than water.
Nothing is sold during or after a service.
Nothing is sold from overseas and visitor information is available.
Nothing is sold here.
Nothing is sold on the premises, except in the case of produce grown on the property.
Nothing is sold on the site.
Nothing is sold onsite but drinking water is available.
Nothing is sold or given to other companies or persons.
Nothing is sold today that was baked yesterday.
Nothing is sold.
Nothing is solely yin or solely yang.
Nothing is solicited in the e-mail, it is only a code used for verification purposes.
Nothing is solid as of yet.
Nothing is solid, fixed or unalterable.
Nothing is solid.
Nothing is solved by generalizations and personal attacks.
Nothing is solved with bragging and the big mouth alone.
Nothing Is Something.
Nothing is sometimes a good thing to do and always a clever thing to say.
Nothing is sought as the end result.
Nothing is spared in the air or on the ground.
Nothing is spared in the attempt to make Hela out to be a victim.
Nothing is spared the microscope of humor.
Nothing is spared to reinforce their national security state.
Nothing is spared until one gets and enjoys the feel of the English language.
Nothing is spared when it comes to carrying out the bondage party theme.
Nothing is spared, from chat rooms to newsgroups.
Nothing is spared, from marketing practices, to products.
Nothing is spared, held sacred or protected.
Nothing is spared, including the dolphin.
Nothing is spared.
Nothing is specifically excluded, emphasis is on print and electronic formats.
Nothing is specified.
Nothing is spectacular about the individual sounds, however, or the fairly bland musical track.
Nothing is spectacular, but everything is acceptable.
Nothing is spectacular, but is definitely better than average.
Nothing is sped up.
Nothing is spelt out.
Nothing is spent for frills and gimmicks.
Nothing is spent on keeping employees.
Nothing is spontaneous.
Nothing is square, nothing is straight.
Nothing is stable - nothing is predictable.
Nothing is stable any more.
Nothing is stable except the beautiful swallows.
Nothing is stable.
Nothing is staged here.
Nothing is staged.
Nothing is stamped proprietary.
Nothing is standard, menus are tailored and varied, no two events are ever the same.
Nothing is standardized.
Nothing is stated about domestic qualifications.
Nothing is stated in the partnership agreement about goodwill.
Nothing is stated on the diet sheet about water intake, calcium deficency, etc.
Nothing is stated to what years.
Nothing is static and our task is to adjust to the ebbs and flows of that change.
Nothing is static here, especially at sunrise and sunset.
Nothing is static in the dynamic world of computing.
Nothing is static in the Global currency markets.
Nothing is static in the world of information technology.
Nothing is static or written in stone.
Nothing is static, everything is dynamic, and change is the only constant.
Nothing is static, just as the real world.
Nothing is static.
Nothing is 'stickier' than trivia games.
Nothing is stilted, nothing is contrived.
Nothing is stitched.
Nothing is stored in a database.
Nothing is stored in the ciphered data about the algorithm used for the disk.
Nothing is stored in warehouses except for blank paper waiting to be turned into books.
Nothing is straight in the wobbly theory of swing.
Nothing is straightforward about income taxes.
Nothing is straightforward in our history.
Nothing is straightforward.
Nothing is strained or tense.
Nothing is strange.
Nothing is stronger in the human heart than love.
Nothing is stronger than a truly new product or service.
Nothing is stronger than an idea whose time has come.
Nothing is stronger than custom.
Nothing is stronger than habit.
Nothing is stronger than nature.
Nothing is stronger.
Nothing is stuck on.
Nothing is stupid enough as long as it's fashion and a sign of youth.
Nothing is stupid.
Nothing is subbed out.
Nothing is subject to private ownership.
Nothing is submitted as documentation.
Nothing is submitted.
Nothing is subsonscious without repetition.
Nothing is substituted for it.
Nothing is subsumed.
Nothing is subtracted for answering student produced response questions incorrectly.
Nothing is such an enemy of our nature as vice.
Nothing is sufficient for the person who finds sufficiency too little.
Nothing is sugar coated.
Nothing is superfluous or particularly dull.
Nothing is superfluous or useless.
Nothing is superfluous.
Nothing is superior to it in controlling arthritis.
Nothing is supernatural, everything occurs via natural laws.
Nothing is supplied unless it is requested on the application.
Nothing is supplied unless requested on the application.
Nothing is supported by anybody.
Nothing is supposed to change.
Nothing is supposed to link to it now from in-site.
Nothing is supposed to solve an attendance problem like success.
Nothing is sure in racing - anything can happen there.
Nothing is sure online.
Nothing is sure, and only probability laws are working.
Nothing is sure.
Nothing is surer.
Nothing is surprising after a couple years.
Nothing is sweet as life at university campus.
Nothing is sweeter on a hot summer's day Than munching on an apple while lying on some hay.
Nothing is sweeter than a romance started in childhood.
Nothing is sweeter than desire.
Nothing is sweeter than revenge against an old nemesis, just ask the women's volleyball team.
Nothing is sweeter than seeing a powerful dragon fall in the first ten seconds.
Nothing is sweeter than victory.
Nothing is swifter than time gone, or more final than fact established.
Nothing is taboo here.
Nothing is taboo in terms of content.
Nothing is taboo.
Nothing is taken away, nothing is added.
Nothing is taken away.
Nothing is taken for granted and every view, idea and proposal is open to challenge and debate.
Nothing is taken for granted when it comes to traditional religion.
Nothing is taken for granted, in spite of the excellent results so far achieved.
Nothing is taken for granted.
Nothing is taken from the big firm in the process.
Nothing is taken from the environment to produce pellets.
Nothing is taken from the one that recovers their true nature.
Nothing is taken out for operating expenses.
Nothing is taken out.
Nothing is taken up for administrative expenses, which are borne by participating agencies.
Nothing is taught well.
Nothing is taxed anywhere in Cuba.
Nothing is taxed until the stock restrictions are removed.
Nothing is technically wrong with such words.
Nothing is terrible except fear itself.
Nothing is terrible, except fear itself.
Nothing is Terrible.
Nothing is terribly close, but that's the idea.
Nothing is terribly new or insightful, but the tips and suggestions are sound.
Nothing is terribly wrong with the story, and it is entertaining as a casual read.
Nothing is terribly wrong, but nothing is even close to perfect either.
Nothing is tested on animals .
Nothing is that bad out on the ocean.
Nothing is that bad.
Nothing is that big of a damn deal.
Nothing is that black and white.
Nothing is that certain.
Nothing is that clean.
Nothing is that cold.
Nothing is that critical.
Nothing is that important.
Nothing is that perfect.
Nothing is that s what calls the mind back to basics.
Nothing is that scary.
Nothing is that simple here.
Nothing is that simple.
Nothing is that straightforward.
Nothing is that the farther thing from the truth.
Nothing is that tightly compartmented.
Nothing is that universal except gravity.
Nothing is the cause.
Nothing is the correct answer .
Nothing is the creature of chance or blind caprice.
Nothing is the dark background of reality.
Nothing is the destiny of everyone, it is our commonness made dumb.
Nothing is the essence of everything.
Nothing is the fault of parents anymore.
Nothing is the least bit contrived.
Nothing is the logical conclusion to the preceding action.
Nothing is the matter with that.
Nothing is the one thing that big government is capable of doing quite well.
Nothing is the same - nothing.
Nothing is the same after it is used.
Nothing is the same after that.
Nothing is the same again.
Nothing is the same and everything is.
Nothing is the same any more.
Nothing is the same as infinity it goes beyond human reason.
Nothing is the same as it was before.
Nothing is the same as it was thirty years ago.
Nothing is the same as playing football.
Nothing is the same from one day to the next.
Nothing is the same in a small and in a big nation.
Nothing is the same since that event.
Nothing is the same that the sleeping rocks dream of.
Nothing is the same.
Nothing is the student's fault.
Nothing is the truth.
Nothing is the way it was a year ago.
Nothing is there but mist clouds dim.
Nothing is there except the hills, and the silence.
Nothing is there now.
Nothing is there to come, and nothing past, But an eternal Now does always last.
Nothing is there without a reason.
Nothing is there.
Nothing is thicker than Indian blood.
Nothing is thought in the form of thought, but only as an external, as something foreign to thought.
Nothing is thought out.
Nothing is thrown away.
Nothing is tied up in a bow.
Nothing is timed.
Nothing is to be accepted without definition or elaboration.
Nothing is to be added or deleted from the official protocol.
Nothing is to be affixed to the walls of any of the common facilities, even temporarily.
Nothing is to be attached to the tiles, such as exit signs, sprinker cages or signage.
Nothing is to be attached to the walls, floor or any other surface by any method.
Nothing is to be attached to walls, doors, or windows by means of tacks, tape or adhesives.
Nothing is to be attached to walls, doors, or windows by means of tacks, tapes, or adhesives.
Nothing is to be bought off the supply schedule for state and local governments.
Nothing is to be carried by the animals.
Nothing is to be carried into the exam room except pens, pencils, and calculators.
Nothing is to be consumed.
Nothing is to be copied or taken without express permission.
Nothing is to be depended on but the great hippopotamus test.
Nothing is to be donated to the British museum.
Nothing is to be done about it.
Nothing is to be done.
Nothing is to be feared.
Nothing is to be gained by a ratio that creates tension.
Nothing is to be gained by dwelling on the ignorance of our otherwise illustrious ancestors.
Nothing is to be gained by it, but everything to be lost.
Nothing is to be gained by it, everything is to be lost.
Nothing is to be gained by petty bad-mouthing.
Nothing is to be gained by public chanting of doomsday scenarios formed out of ignorance.
Nothing is to be gained by violence and disunity.
Nothing is to be gained from belaboring the matter further.
Nothing is to be gained, there is no mileage in paying attention to a child.
Nothing is to be implied by the sequence of our photos.
Nothing is to be introduced merely for the sake of artistic prettiness or pomp.
Nothing is to be judged.
Nothing is to be kept back.
Nothing is to be kept in shirt pockets, which remain buttoned.
Nothing is to be kept in the bores of guns when unloaded, except the tampeon.
Nothing is to be left to chance.
Nothing is to be lost.
Nothing is to be memorized, and there is no exam.
Nothing is to be nailed or fastened to walls .
Nothing is to be paid out of capital as fees.
Nothing is to be pinned or stapled to the Stage draperies.
Nothing is to be placed on the piano before, during, or after a recital.
Nothing is to be placed on top of the material.
Nothing is to be posted anywhere on campus except on the bulletin boards listed below.
Nothing is to be preferred before justice.
Nothing is to be put in the aisle or on the bus floor.
Nothing is to be reckoned with, as everything is to feel.
Nothing is to be removed from the auction premises without payment and proof of receipt.
Nothing is to be removed from the auction premisies without payment and proof of receipt.
Nothing is to be removed from the reserve without written permission.
Nothing is to be removed until settled for.
Nothing is to be removed without express written consent.
Nothing is to be removed without written permission.
Nothing is to be said and nothing is to be done.
Nothing is to be seen save stones and sand to the very horizon.
Nothing is to be sold for a profit basis.
Nothing is to be stored under the table.
Nothing is to be strung across the room for the purpose of hanging decorations.
Nothing is to be taken from the reef.
Nothing is to be taken offensively or seriously.
Nothing is to be taken on trust or make-believe.
Nothing is to be taken seriously.
Nothing is to be taken too seriously, since most of the things are jokes and whatnot to begin with.
Nothing is to be taped to the walls of the lobby or the theater.
Nothing is to be thrown away or wasted.
Nothing is to be thrown from a motorized vehicle.
Nothing is to be thrown from the bus.
Nothing is to be thrown out of the vehicle.
Nothing is to be thrown out of the windows.
Nothing is to be ultimately rejected.
Nothing is to be used without written permission from the site administrator.
Nothing is to be wasted.
Nothing is to be wired directly to the telephone jack or surface wiring.
Nothing is to big to be overemphasised nor too small to be ignored.
Nothing is to chill the earnest, yearning energy for the salvation of the lost.
Nothing is to enter the body, stomach or bladder, including enemas.
Nothing is to far out of their reach if they want it bad enough.
Nothing is to get out of hand.
Nothing is to shake our faith.
Nothing is to small to consider.
Nothing is to stand in the way of swelling the voter rolls.
Nothing is today as it was yesterday.
Nothing is told all at once, and once for all.
Nothing is told if no one hears.
Nothing is told of their lust to kill.
Nothing is too absurd to be said by some of the philosophers.
Nothing is too absurd.
Nothing is too awful to be believed.
Nothing is too big and nothing is too small.
Nothing is too big and nothing too small and the time of day is immaterial.
Nothing is too big for Las Vegas.
Nothing is too big or small to be included.
Nothing is too big or too impossible unless the mind says it is.
Nothing is too big or too little for The Positive Side.
Nothing is too big or too small except in relation to purposes and values.
Nothing is too big or too small to eat.
Nothing is too big or too small to have a name on it.
Nothing is too big or too small.
Nothing is too big, nothing is too small.
Nothing is too bizarre, and the extreme is the norm.
Nothing is too bizarre.
Nothing is too bohemian.
Nothing is too close or too far away.
Nothing is too difficult.
Nothing is too easy as the work is old.
Nothing is too elaborate to set up, to put together, nor to understand.
Nothing is too expensive.
Nothing is too far out.
Nothing is too fitted or binding.
Nothing is too good for giving away.
Nothing is too good for our boys and girls.
Nothing is too good for our guest.
Nothing is too good for people.
Nothing is too good for the United States capital.
Nothing is too good for their children and no expense too great except time and career.
Nothing is too good for their furry friends.
Nothing is too great or too small.
Nothing is too gross for the new comedies.
Nothing is too hard or too small.
Nothing is 'Too hard', it is a pathway yet undiscovered.
Nothing is too high and nothing looks unsteady.
Nothing is too hot to handle.
Nothing is too influential.
Nothing is too insane to consider.
Nothing is too insignificant to pray about.
Nothing is too large of too small to warrant our attention.
Nothing is too large or too complex.
Nothing is too large or too difficult to be undertaken.
Nothing is too large or too small.
Nothing is too long or too short.
Nothing is too loud or too soft.
Nothing is too loud, nothing is too soft.
Nothing is too messy.
Nothing is too minor or boring for the electronic audience.
Nothing is too minor or obscure.
Nothing is too minor, nor too serious.
Nothing is too much for some tribes.
Nothing is too much in Las Vegas.
Nothing is too much or too little.
Nothing is too much to ask for, and nothing is too mundane.
Nothing is too much to ask.
Nothing is too much trouble and our energy and enthusiasm to please remains uncompromised.
Nothing is too much trouble and their sheer professionalism shines throughout.
Nothing is too much trouble in giving our clients one hundred percent satisfaction.
Nothing is too much trouble, and everything is done with a smile.
Nothing is too much trouble.
Nothing is too obscure to merit the most extravagant of superlatives.
Nothing is too offensive.
Nothing is too ordinary for poetry.
Nothing is too outrageous.
Nothing is too personal.
Nothing is too ready.
Nothing is too ridiculous for U.S. planners.
Nothing is too ridiculous to try.
Nothing is too sacred for the Web.
Nothing is too sacred or profane to be spared sociological scrutiny.
Nothing is too scary or ugly or glum.
Nothing is too serious to be turned into a silly but entertaining martial arts.
Nothing is too silly to go on the list.
Nothing is too silly to mention.
Nothing is too simple or complex.
Nothing is too simple or ordinary.
Nothing is too slow, too fast or a coincidence.
Nothing is too small and everyone can benefit from counseling.
Nothing is too small and nothing is too big to pray about.
Nothing is too small as to be insignificant to their exploring fingers and eyes.
Nothing is too small or big to be discussed.
Nothing is too small or irrelevant.
Nothing is too small or large to ask.
Nothing is too small or large.
Nothing is too small or too big to pray about so don t be afraid or embarrassed.
Nothing is too small or too complicated for our fine craftsman.
Nothing is too small or too large.
Nothing is too small or unimportant.
Nothing is too small to be saved.
Nothing is too small to become a federal case.
Nothing is too small to escape notice.
Nothing is too small to escape their notice.
Nothing is too small to inquire about.
Nothing is too small to know, and nothing is too big to attempt.
Nothing is too small to save, and it does add up.
Nothing is too small when so much can be accomplished with so little.
Nothing is too small, even sporting clubs, to escape the 'benevolent hand' of the state.
Nothing is too small, every penny collected quickly adds up.
Nothing is too small.
Nothing is too spicy, but nothing is bland.
Nothing is too strange for bugs.
Nothing is too stupid.
Nothing is too sweet and every texture is distinct.
Nothing is too trivial or insignificant.
Nothing is too trivial to bring up.
Nothing is too trivial, too arcane, too irrelevant.
Nothing is too trivial.
Nothing is too trouble.
Nothing is too unusual or improbable.
Nothing is too unusual.
Nothing is too vast for the screen.
Nothing is too vile for human beings to do, if there's money in it.
Nothing is too vulgar, distasteful or shocking.
Nothing is too weird, too annoying or too upsetting to discuss.
Nothing is too weird.
Nothing is too wild to go on the list.
Nothing is too wonderful to be true if it be consistent with the laws of nature.
Nothing is too wonderful to be true.
Nothing is torn on the way through.
Nothing is totally desperate.
Nothing is totally free.
Nothing is totally impure, without a pure aspect.
Nothing is totally secure on the Internet.
Nothing is totally secure.
Nothing is totally without problems.
Nothing is touching it, so the spring pushes the button outwards.
Nothing is tough to take on.
Nothing is tragic or worthy of blame.
Nothing is transcended, no higher grace is proffered.
Nothing is transmitted over the air in the clear.
Nothing is transmitted via email.
Nothing is trapped.
Nothing is trash.
Nothing is treated less than sacred.
Nothing is trickier than calling an election in Germany.
Nothing is trivial when it's done wrong.
Nothing is trivial.
Nothing is troublesome that one does willingly.
Nothing is true .
Nothing is true and everything is permitted.
Nothing is true besides the truth of the gods living there.
Nothing is true but that which is passed on.
Nothing is true but the truth.
Nothing is true everything is the case.
Nothing is true except everything that has been questioned, tested, and found to be personally true.
Nothing is true for everyone.
Nothing is true or good for all people at all times.
Nothing is true solely because one wants it to be true.
Nothing is true, everything is permitted .
Nothing is true, everything is permitted is the only rule that counts.
Nothing is true, everything is permitted.
Nothing is True, Everything is Permitted.
Nothing is true.
Nothing is truer or sadder.
Nothing is truer.
Nothing is truly acid free.
Nothing is truly dead, for all is in motion.
Nothing is truly free in their relationship with the wicked mother.
Nothing is truly free, of course.
Nothing is truly great but that which is eternal.
Nothing is truly 'hard-wired', however.
Nothing is truly hopeless.
Nothing is truly inspiring or great.
Nothing is truly isolated.
Nothing is truly new.
Nothing is truly off the record in today s world.
Nothing is truly quiet.
Nothing is truly their own.
Nothing is typical, nothing is set in stone.
Nothing is uglier than a code in the radiology suite.
Nothing is uglier than a mountain meadow dotted with fire pits.
Nothing is uglier than seeing standing pipelines marring the landscape.
Nothing is ugly or boring.
Nothing is ultimately bad.
Nothing is ultimately good, honorable, noble, or worthy of praise.
Nothing is ultimately our own.
Nothing is unable to be negotiated, and every option is better than war.
Nothing is unaccounted for in Ploce Harbour.
Nothing is unannounced.
Nothing is unbreakable by definition.
Nothing is uncaused.
Nothing is unchangeable because something exists.
Nothing is unchanging, irreplaceable, real.
Nothing is uncommon here.
Nothing is unconnected with some other thing.
Nothing is unethical.
Nothing is uneventful.
Nothing is unexpected.
Nothing is unforgivable.
Nothing is unforgiveable in the hereafter.
Nothing is unimportant or small.
Nothing is unimportant.
Nothing is unique about that in an industrial society.
Nothing is unique about there style of music and is a common case pop senerio.
Nothing is Universally Important.
Nothing is unplanned, nor the coat's comb.
Nothing is unpoliceable to the fascist regime.
Nothing is unrealistic in the movie biz.
Nothing is unrelated embellishment.
Nothing is 'unspeakable'.
Nothing is unstoppable.
Nothing is unstrategic.
Nothing is unsuitable, unseasonable or unprofitable.
Nothing is unthinkable any more.
Nothing is until it s gone.
Nothing is untouchable now.
Nothing is untouched by love.
Nothing is unusual here.
Nothing is unusual or out of place.
Nothing is up and running yet.
Nothing is up on the screen, so to speak.
Nothing is up yet.
Nothing is up.
Nothing is updated in place, with the original only being deleted after operation is complete.
Nothing is updated.
Nothing is used for warning the user.
Nothing is used up and tossed away until the last person says so.
Nothing is useless in Plato's works, and nothing is left to chance.
Nothing is useless.
Nothing is usual.
Nothing is usually the hardest thing to do - but often it is the best.
Nothing is usually the hardest thing to do . . .
Nothing is valuable unless it is valued for what it is.
Nothing is value.
Nothing is valued so highly as accumulated experience.
Nothing is value-free.
Nothing is ventured now.
Nothing is very believable in the film.
Nothing is very confusing at all.
Nothing is very far from anything else . . .
Nothing is very important any more.
Nothing is very new, but continue to get updated.
Nothing is very often something.
Nothing is very original about it.
Nothing is violated.
Nothing is virtual.
Nothing is visible but a plait of hair and a great deal of white linen.
Nothing is visible from outside except six lower legs.
Nothing is visible from the outside.
Nothing is visible in either liver.
Nothing is visible of either building on the surface.
Nothing is visible on it.
Nothing is visible yet though.
Nothing is visible.
Nothing is visibly out of place, even in the master bedroom.
Nothing is warmer than the love of an angel on earth.
Nothing is warrants skipping, all warrant a thousand listens.
Nothing is waste.
Nothing is wasted - the used sunflower oil for frying is sold to fish and chip producers.
Nothing is wasted and everything has a purpose.
Nothing is wasted and everything is exposed.
Nothing is wasted and everything is recycled.
Nothing is wasted and the changes are slowly and thoughtfully embraced.
Nothing is wasted any more.
Nothing is wasted because the fibers from cotton are such an excellent raw material for paper.
Nothing is wasted by leaching or by the formation of insoluble compounds.
Nothing is wasted in a mangrove forest.
Nothing is wasted in extraneous exposition.
Nothing is wasted in Romania.
Nothing is wasted in the construction of our homes.
Nothing is wasted in the production of a wild fur garment.
Nothing is wasted in the production of a wildfur garment.
Nothing is wasted in traditional subsistence practice.
Nothing is wasted or thrown away.
Nothing is wasted, and it leaves the listener wanting more.
Nothing is wasted, nothing is lost.
Nothing is wasted.
Nothing is watered down.
Nothing is weaker than water, yet for overcoming what is hard and strong, nothing surpasses it.
Nothing is weird, there is no penalty for all the extra capability.
Nothing is well with Nigeria.
Nothing is well-defined at such a point.
Nothing is what dreams are made of.
Nothing is what it appears to be.
Nothing is what it looks like and nothing, especially identity, is stable.
Nothing is what it looks like, starting from most of the function names.
Nothing is what it once was.
Nothing is what it really seems, although a development section ensues.
Nothing is what it seems .
Nothing is what it seems at first glance.
Nothing is what it seems for the young, naive governess hired to look after two children.
Nothing is what it seems in Cairo.
Nothing is what it seems to be on the surface.
Nothing is what it seems to be.
Nothing is what it seems, and there's always something going on.
Nothing is what it seems, and what nothing seems is false.
Nothing is what it seems, as is the case with a parable.
Nothing is what it seems.
Nothing is what it was before.
Nothing is what the old man wants to escape.
Nothing is what.
Nothing is where it used to be.
Nothing is where it was before.
Nothing is whole, nothing is perfect unless it is accompanied by peace.
Nothing is wholly happy.
Nothing is wholly independent.
Nothing is wholly yin or wholly yang.
Nothing is wicked or useless in nature.
Nothing is wider of the truth.
Nothing is withheld.
Nothing is within walking distance of anything else.
Nothing is within walking distance.
Nothing is without cause, nothing is without result.
Nothing is without hidden problems.
Nothing is without inspiration.
Nothing is without limits.
Nothing is without reason. . . .
Nothing is without risk .
Nothing is without, nothing is within.
Nothing is won by force.
Nothing is won yet.
Nothing is wonderful.
Nothing is worn for show or ornament.
Nothing is worn, everything is in perfect working order.
Nothing is worn.
Nothing is worn-out about the leads, however.
Nothing is worse for a child than to be rejected time after time.
Nothing is worse for a project team than to be left in the dark.
Nothing is worse for a ship than being welded to the pier.
Nothing is worse for audience concentration than physical discomfort.
Nothing is worse for beginners than a system that works almost like the one they're used to.
Nothing is worse for governments that crises that are wholly of their own making.
Nothing is worse for overall employee morale, nor is it more frustrating for top management.
Nothing is worse for the perinatal outcome and maternal health than peritonitis during pregnancy.
Nothing is worse in a family than someone who has life all figured out.
Nothing is worse or distinguishes a novice more than yelling at the helms person while anchoring.
Nothing is worse than a bad set of prints.
Nothing is worse than a bureaucratic committee.
Nothing is worse than a cake that looks pretty but tastes like cardboard.
Nothing is worse than a cluttered setup with controlls everywhere.
Nothing is worse than a cold lunch pretending to be a warm one.
Nothing is worse than a dirty cop.
Nothing is worse than a doleful, drab, dull life.
Nothing is worse than a drink with a solitary chunk of ice floating in it.
Nothing is worse than a good-looking site full of spelling mistakes or broken links.
Nothing is worse than a life that s totally free without any limits by conscience or ethics.
Nothing is worse than a mailer opened and read that promises a contact that never comes.
Nothing is worse than a page that is dead to the designer.
Nothing is worse than a piece of hardware designed by a software company with a monopoly.
Nothing is worse than a player who is only concerned with their stats and playing time.
Nothing is worse than a vacation spot crowded with squalling brats.
Nothing is worse than a wasted young life.
Nothing is worse than a web site with large images that are slow to load.
Nothing is worse than a whirling dervish who bores everyone.
Nothing is worse than an innocent child dieing and having no rights.
Nothing is worse than an interviewee who looks depressed or indifferent.
Nothing is worse than an out of date joke or reference.
Nothing is worse than apathy and nothing is so effective at stifling productive discussion.
Nothing is worse than arriving late and flustered.
Nothing is worse than bad information.
Nothing is worse than being overlooked.
Nothing is worse than broaf.
Nothing is worse than clicking on a link and having it go nowhere.
Nothing is worse than coming up with a good idea after it's too late for implementation.
Nothing is worse than compounding a mistake with another one.
Nothing is worse than delayed decision-making and, hence, poor executions.
Nothing is worse than doing nothing.
Nothing is worse than facing a huge mess after a meal, no matter how quickly it was prepared.
Nothing is worse than feeling seasick while watching a bouncy camera shot of someone dancing.
Nothing is worse than fiddling with uncomfortable garments while everyone watches.
Nothing is worse than finding a crusty cooking kit after a long day of hiking.
Nothing is worse than getting caught breaking an entry into the prom.
Nothing is worse than getting lost when time is of the essence.
Nothing is worse than getting tons of newsletters.
Nothing is worse than half a toy.
Nothing is worse than having to experiment with a new skill on a patient.
Nothing is worse than having to gnaw on a tasteless, overcooked piece of animal flesh.
Nothing is worse than having to recreate an entire image file from the beginning.
Nothing is worse than having to spend a day in the hospital.
Nothing is worse than having to strain to hear a speaker present.
Nothing is worse than having to wait hours for a return call.
Nothing is worse than hearing a band repeat themselves, only doing it without much grace.
Nothing is worse than inconsistency.
Nothing is worse than letting little problems build up to a big bang sometime in the future.
Nothing is worse than losing a child.
Nothing is worse than losing a loved one, words are only words.
Nothing is worse than no name.
Nothing is worse than opening a package of cheese and finding mold has grown on it.
Nothing is worse than preparing a submission and missing the deadline by a week.
Nothing is worse than press masochism and defensiveness.
Nothing is worse than purchasing a horse, only to discover health problems after the fact.
Nothing is worse than putting a hub or bottom bracket back together minus one ball bearing.
Nothing is worse than reading an excellent article, only to have it dribble off in the end.
Nothing is worse than running into the library and searching aimlessly for hours on end.
Nothing is worse than scraping of paint believed to be lead-based.
Nothing is worse than silence.
Nothing is worse than silver-plated copper.
Nothing is worse than sitting in a room all day and just listening to one speaker after another.
Nothing is worse than sitting through a meeting where there is no organization.
Nothing is worse than skiing from nice firm-packed powder into a soft slush.
Nothing is worse than stale information.
Nothing is worse than stale or outdated information.
Nothing is worse than sucking on a soggy joint.
Nothing is worse than taking a dive.
Nothing is worse than the desire to possess.
Nothing is worse than the tragedy of losing a child.
Nothing is worse than to run out of money along the way.
Nothing is worse than trying to enjoy a meal than smelling second-hand smoke.
Nothing is worse than trying to time the market.
Nothing is worse than trying to unpack and set up a new house.
Nothing is worse than untidy hands and feet.
Nothing is worse than using a security solution without knowing it's restrictions and coherences.
Nothing is worse than watching a cross-country bike trip from the back of a van.
Nothing is worse than week-old smelly socks, shirts, and shorts.
Nothing is worse than whores running around posing as musicians with integrity.
Nothing is worse than working in an uncomfortable atmosphere day in and day out.
Nothing is worse than worrying.
Nothing is worse that getting bad or misleading information.
Nothing is worse that wet feet in cold winter.
Nothing is worse to a client than waiting and wondering.
Nothing is worse to a customer than to come across an outdated web-site.
Nothing is worse when working with headphones and having visitors.
Nothing is worse, except maybe the stress caused by the possibility of a rolling blackout.
Nothing is worse, in a court of law, than suddenly being bombarded by a thousand undigested cases.
Nothing is worse.
Nothing is worst for an organisation than to be labelled as violent.
Nothing is worth a moment's notice except the realisation of Brahman.
Nothing is worth all the stress.
Nothing is worth cheating.
Nothing is worth contemplating.
Nothing is worth crying over.
Nothing is worth doing perfectly.
Nothing is worth doing unless it's done well.
Nothing is worth embracing.
Nothing is worth even one human life being lost.
Nothing is worth fighting for, so they do nothing.
Nothing is worth get hurt over.
Nothing is worth hating except exclusive beliefs.
Nothing is worth learning.
Nothing is worth losing thousands of lives and plunging into the agony of civil war.
Nothing is worth our attention.
Nothing is worth our energy.
Nothing is worth our time.
Nothing is worth stealing here.
Nothing is worth subverting that freedom.
Nothing is worth taking a chance for letting any meat sit out too long and developing bacteria.
Nothing is worth teaching.
Nothing is worth that mess.
Nothing is worth that.
Nothing is worth the health of the residents.
Nothing is worth the slaughter and maiming of innocent lives.
Nothing is worth thousands of deaths.
Nothing is worth worrying about.
Nothing is wrapped up in the first book or two.
Nothing is written by anyone else.
Nothing is written down.
Nothing is written for trainers in terms of requiring ongoing training.
Nothing is written in concrete.
Nothing is written in granite.
Nothing is written in stone and changes have to be made from time to time.
Nothing is written in stone anymore.
Nothing is written in stone as far as programming goes.
Nothing is written in stone except change.
Nothing is written in stone on the issue.
Nothing is written in stone when it comes to music.
Nothing is written in stone with moving objects.
Nothing is written in stone with values.
Nothing is written in stone.
Nothing is written in tablets of stone.
Nothing is written in the stars.
Nothing is written to any log file.
Nothing is written to or read from memory or written to or read from the hard disk.
Nothing is written.
Nothing is wrong here in the Ozarks.
Nothing is wrong here.
Nothing is wrong in being outward but remember, that is only part of life.
Nothing is wrong in the present.
Nothing is wrong which the gods command.
Nothing is wrong with a genuine compliment, but there is a difference between that and flattery.
Nothing is wrong with ad revenue, it is how they reached our grandparents on the radio.
Nothing is wrong with aggression to relieve tension when used appropriately.
Nothing is wrong with bank switching, but there IS an alternative.
Nothing is wrong with being a close second in a booming market.
Nothing is wrong with California that a rise in the ocean level wouldn' t cure.
Nothing is wrong with celebrating beauty.
Nothing is wrong with either, just the random combination of birds.
Nothing is wrong with failure.
Nothing is wrong with having a deeply emotional experience of worship.
Nothing is wrong with it, The problem is when it bothers or disturbs others.
Nothing is wrong with it.
Nothing is wrong with maintaining our health and an attractive appearance.
Nothing is wrong with Pakistan cricket.
Nothing is wrong with paper books, but currently e-books complement paper books.
Nothing is wrong with small talk.
Nothing is wrong with teaching anybody of any age to assert themselves and think for themselves.
Nothing is wrong with that legislation.
Nothing is wrong with that.
Nothing is wrong with the first two.
Nothing is wrong with the fork-tender meat, but the light batter has a strong lemony flavor.
Nothing is wrong with the heater core, no leaks of any kind.
Nothing is wrong with the shoe.
Nothing is wrong with the twenty-player system.
Nothing is wrong with touching one's spouse provided it is free from passion.
Nothing is wrong with turning a complete circle, if that's what is needed.
Nothing is wrong with understanding and tolerance.
Nothing is wrong with wanting love to be returned.
Nothing is wrong with wanting to succeed.
Nothing is wrong, nothing is right.
Nothing is wrong, physically that is.
Nothing is wrong, really.
Nothing is wrong, simply scroll farther until the screen corrects itself.
Nothing is wrong.
Nothing is yet available on the Internet.
Nothing is yet available.
Nothing is yet certain.
Nothing is yet clear, however.
Nothing is zero.
Nothing is, actually.
Nothing is, because everything is, so the argument goes.
Nothing is, but many good things are possible . . .
Nothing is, everything is becoming.
Nothing is, however in reality, more simple.
Nothing is, in reality, merely as it appears.
Nothing is, nor can be, final in politics.
Nothing is, of course.
Nothing is, properly speaking, in it, through itself mingles with all things.
Nothing is, something was.
Nothing isa quantity.
Nothing jars the eye, which can roam peacefully across the canvas.
Nothing jars the eye.
Nothing jazzes a person more than having a plan.
Nothing jeopardizes a department's claim on resources so quickly as factionalization.
Nothing jump the space without reason.
Nothing jumps to mind as a particular moment of agony or triumph.
Nothing just disappears.
Nothing just happens - except decay.
Nothing just happens in politics.
Nothing just happens out of the blue.
Nothing just happens, it's all part of a plan.
Nothing just happens, no one just appears.
Nothing just happens.
Nothing just sits there in nature.
Nothing just starts or begins anymore.
Nothing justifies a nurse assaulting a patient even if the patient is aggressive.
Nothing justifies a theory like an actual great performance.
Nothing justifies collaboration with terrorists.
Nothing justifies domestic violence.
Nothing justifies genital mutilation.
Nothing justifies hurting others.
Nothing justifies it.
Nothing justifies offensive behavior.
Nothing justifies one or the other.
Nothing justifies our starting now.
Nothing justifies such brutality.
Nothing justifies terrorism.
Nothing justifies the continuance of the estate tax.
Nothing justifies the means.
Nothing justifies the mind-boggling carnage that took place in New York or Washington.
Nothing justifies the stronger claim about that class.
Nothing justifies the use of such matters against innocent people.
Nothing keeps a nation free like an informed electorate.
Nothing keeps a sportsman's interest more than actively working toward a challenging goal.
Nothing keeps grass or invasive weeds out of a bed.
Nothing keeps interest down more than a one-sided competition.
Nothing keeps it down for long.
Nothing keeps kids content like a pool of cool water on a hot summer day.
Nothing keeps kids cooler or more active in the summer than a swimming pool.
Nothing keeps like CD media over time.
Nothing keeps out the mosquitoes.
Nothing keeps people as honest as competition.
Nothing keeps people with the church as does good preaching and good teaching.
Nothing keeps the cover closed.
Nothing keeps the spirit warm on a cold fall evening like the beauty of a woman.
Nothing keeps the teacher here on the Earth.
Nothing kills a business faster than feuding partners.
Nothing kills a buzz like an assault, battery or rape.
Nothing kills a chicken sandwich worse than microwaving.
Nothing kills a class quicker than giving back papers.
Nothing kills a course quicker than waiting until the last minute to register.
Nothing kills a good plan faster than the inability to earn.
Nothing kills a good worship set like sound trouble.
Nothing kills a great day of showing off faster than a busted mast base.
Nothing kills a guy's musical credibility quite like making a beer commercial instead of a song.
Nothing kills a journal faster than to have readers quit reading it.
Nothing kills a meeting faster than dull, dry speeches .
Nothing kills a midsummer buzz faster.
Nothing kills a new website or mailing list faster than poorly updated materials or lack of use.
Nothing kills a pop cult like notoriety.
Nothing kills a program quicker than everyone waiting until the last minute to register.
Nothing kills a program quicker than waiting until the last minute to register.
Nothing kills a program quicker. . . . .
Nothing kills a project faster than a lack of communication.
Nothing kills a rally like a well-turned double play.
Nothing kills a recreation program faster than residents who wait until the last minute to register.
Nothing kills a relationship more quickly than bitterness, hate, or resentment.
Nothing kills a schedule faster than finding logic, timing, or other electronic errors during test.
Nothing kills a series like the introduction of a baby.
Nothing kills a sweater's fresh good looks faster than excessive pilling.
Nothing kills a worship service quicker than a distraction.
Nothing kills an agency's spunk more than indecision and procrastination.
Nothing kills an e-learning course more quickly than slow loading time of pages.
Nothing kills an extraordinary business result quicker than a misplaced belief or a hidden agenda.
Nothing kills an Internet site faster than poor access or availability.
Nothing kills an interview faster than an unprepared interviewee.
Nothing kills an orchid faster than letting it sit in a water-logged pot.
Nothing kills an orgasm faster than stress and anxiety.
Nothing kills enthusiasm faster than passively listening to a presentation.
Nothing kills fixed wireless network performance like a drop of water.
Nothing kills good ideas faster than committees and nothing wastes more hours of consultation time.
Nothing kills good sex like fear, apprehension, doubt, or selfishness.
Nothing kills it.
Nothing kills motivation more than doing the same workout day in and day out.
Nothing kills off talent so efficiently as too much praise.
Nothing kills orchids faster than sitting in a pool of water.
Nothing kills originality faster than packaging it.
Nothing kills performance like a full disk volume.
Nothing kills pumps quicker than being idle for long periods.
Nothing kills site traffic like visitor boredom.
Nothing kills teamwork faster than a fat policy manual.
Nothing kills the amateur radio star quicker than the spectre of a big bill from the record company.
Nothing kills the buzz of a good cruise like having to listen to crap.
Nothing kills the look of a well designed page than inappropriate use of type.
Nothing kills the mood faster than a flagging erection.
Nothing kills the mood more, though, than a loud, gagging sound from below.
Nothing kills the mood quicker than the last condom rendered useless.
Nothing kills the spirit like focusing on error.
Nothing kills trust in a mentoring relationship faster than a breach of confidence.
Nothing kills young starters faster than a compromised bullpen.
Nothing knits ideas together like dialogue, and nothing illuminates like a parable.
Nothing known in nature can physically destroy it.
Nothing lacking that special authorization is entitled to be treated as a foundation.
Nothing lands on the plate by chance or simply because it is trendy.
Nothing lasting takes place.
Nothing lasts and change is inevitable.
Nothing lasts eternally.
Nothing lasts for ever.
Nothing Lasts Forever .
Nothing lasts forever and both successes and failures are fleeting.
Nothing lasts forever and markets and their dynamics more so than most are changing constantly.
Nothing lasts forever and that's true for knee replacements.
Nothing lasts forever and two major longstanding projects by the artists have run their course.
Nothing lasts forever and vegetables are perishable by nature.
Nothing lasts forever but the Earth and sky .
Nothing lasts forever but the earth and sky.
Nothing lasts forever but the Earth and sky.
Nothing lasts forever but the sky.
Nothing lasts forever except the surf in Surf City.
Nothing lasts forever except. . .
Nothing lasts forever they say.
Nothing lasts forever, and even Gods can die.
Nothing Lasts forever, and Good things always have to come to an end sooner or later.
Nothing lasts forever, and meters, like most things in life, tend to slow down with age.
Nothing lasts forever, and so the USSR fell apart and the government changed.
Nothing lasts forever, and some irritated wife evidently blew the whistle.
Nothing lasts forever, and stars are no exception.
Nothing lasts forever, and that includes economic downturns.
Nothing lasts forever, anyway.
Nothing lasts forever, especially economic trends.
Nothing lasts forever, especially textiles.
Nothing lasts forever, especially that most fragile of all artifacts, software.
Nothing lasts forever, except maybe temporary taxes .
Nothing lasts forever, including celluloid image.
Nothing lasts forever, including the pain.
Nothing lasts forever, no matter how great it has been.
Nothing lasts forever, pal.
Nothing lasts forever, they say, except maybe for alimony.
Nothing lasts forever, they say.
Nothing lasts forever.
Nothing Lasts Forever.
Nothing lasts like a hardwood floor A wood floor transcends time.
Nothing lasts like it.
Nothing lasts long in the tropics with the humidity, floods, fire and termites.
Nothing lasts longer than curfew.
Nothing lasts more than a day.
Nothing lasts more than a few minutes, and then another shows up somewhere else.
Nothing lasts very long in the Japanese capital.
Nothing leads so straight to futility as literary ambitions without systematic knowledge.
Nothing leads the scientist so astray as a premature truth.
Nothing leads to greater success than choosing the right career.
Nothing leads to insanity faster than a perpetual wedgie.
Nothing leads to relapse faster than resentments.
Nothing leaks in and nothing leaks out.
Nothing Learn about nature's most elusive and nearly undectable particle.
Nothing learn many wash an winter while space write toward few mersin hotels.
Nothing learnt during general education is useless.
Nothing leaves a good impression like a neatly dressed professional with a winning smile.
Nothing leaves an impression, save the raspy voice of Iowa's best-known venture capitalist.
Nothing leaves our doors without passing every single test.
Nothing leaves the archives, so taking a collection home to work on it is out of the question.
Nothing leaves the body at death except our last breath.
Nothing leaves the kitchen until it is perfect.
Nothing leaves the mind but by way of symbol.
Nothing leaves the room.
Nothing leaves, except for gas and perhaps small bits of spatter.
Nothing legitimizes a language like corporate backing and corporate dollars.
Nothing lends itself to the warm weather of the season quite like an outdoor concert.
Nothing let itself be understood, articulated, though everything seemed so common, so plain.
Nothing levels the field like alcoholism.
Nothing lies outside the range of the knower.
Nothing lies outside the scope of our thanksgiving.
Nothing lifts a room like fresh flowers, but they can be expensive.
Nothing lifts a woman's mood like redecorating.
Nothing lifts the spirit like craggy alpine peaks.
Nothing lightens the load of our daily hum-drum like humor.
Nothing lightens the mood.
Nothing lights a fire more than rancorous shareholders.
Nothing lights up a room like a great big smile.
Nothing lights up a room like flowers.
Nothing limits bad-faith recoveries.
Nothing lines up.
Nothing listed here constitutes an endorsement nor implies the usefulness of the linked site.
Nothing livens up a business meeting than seeing the little monkey going at it.
Nothing livens up a holiday party like a streamerbomb.
Nothing livens up a room more than the green leaves and colorful petals of a houseplant.
Nothing lives forever, and that includes business organizations.
Nothing lives forever.
Nothing lives here.
Nothing lives in dark caves.
Nothing lives in isolation.
Nothing lives in or near it.
Nothing lives in the Badlands because the apes destroy it if it ever sets root there.
Nothing lives in the Black Rock Desert.
Nothing lives in the Dead Sea.
Nothing lives in the sea and few living organisms are found around the Dead Sea.
Nothing lives in winter.
Nothing lives inside the circle.
Nothing lives long, only the Earth and the Mountains.
Nothing lives there except the people at the South Pole Base.
Nothing lives there, save tiny organisms that scientists study.
Nothing lives there.
Nothing living in the world grows larger than giant sequoias.
Nothing logically follows.
Nothing look familiar.
Nothing look whom given no society consequently ashes reply till none free mac software.
Nothing looks and feel better then a tailored fit.
Nothing looks and feels better then a tailored fit.
Nothing looks and feels more luxurious than a Tassel Belt.
Nothing looks any more like it was.
Nothing looks anything like the way it truly is.
Nothing looks as bad as a crowded logo.
Nothing looks as bad as a referee who tries to call the whole game from the center circle.
Nothing looks as clean and crisp.
Nothing looks as good close-up as it does from far away.
Nothing looks as out of place as skinny legs on a big upper body.
Nothing looks better than a grouping.
Nothing looks better than a little cotton discoloration beneath the armpits.
Nothing looks better than black on blonde.
Nothing looks better than when shot with IMAX cameras.
Nothing looks better then solid rows of hard stomach muscles set in a slim waistline.
Nothing looks better to a buyer than an automobile that has been taken care of.
Nothing Looks Better.
Nothing looks cheerier on a cold, spring morning.
Nothing looks close now.
Nothing looks cooler or plays better on any system.
Nothing looks different from yesterday.
Nothing looks different, but everything is.
Nothing looks different.
Nothing looks familiar at all.
Nothing looks familiar.
Nothing looks farbier than a gurney bouncing over a poughed field.
Nothing looks good in the cafeteria today.
Nothing looks good or promising.
Nothing looks labored or forced.
Nothing looks less professional than a writer who turns in material with lots of misspelled words.
Nothing looks like a cat perched on the window sill so condescendingly thinking Something.
Nothing looks like an upholstered wall.
Nothing looks like burned structure better than burned structure.
Nothing looks manufactured or trumped up.
Nothing looks mass produced.
Nothing looks more amateurish than a page that opens in the wrong frame.
Nothing looks more amateurish than text that shifts position slightly as it changes.
Nothing looks more beautiful than natural holiday decorations.
Nothing looks more beautiful, than deep, rich lips set off by radiant skin and minimal eye makeup.
Nothing looks more boring than an entire long block of text.
Nothing looks more contented than a resting alligator.
Nothing looks more natural.
Nothing looks more pitiful than a once-proud peony that has been hit with a sprinkler.
Nothing looks more silly than someone swatting insects away from their head.
Nothing looks more solid that a rock.
Nothing looks more stupid than a hat.
Nothing looks more synthetic than a computer-animated tit.
Nothing looks more tasty to a hungry bird than tender young pumpkin plants.
Nothing looks more unprofessional than a bunch of misspelled words on a web page.
Nothing looks more unprofessional than typos, spelling mistakes and bad grammar.
Nothing looks or feels right.
Nothing looks or sounds the same.
Nothing looks out of place.
Nothing looks quite as good as a 'vintage' style finish.
Nothing looks quite like a trumpeter except another trumpeter.
Nothing looks quite right.
Nothing looks real here.
Nothing looks right.
Nothing looks sadder than boxes of unwashed, decomposing artifacts sitting in somebody's garage.
Nothing looks shabby or out of place.
Nothing looks sharper than a professionally laundered cotton dress shirt.
Nothing looks simpler or cleaner than a well done rigid.
Nothing looks suspicious in the log until the last line.
Nothing looks suspicious.
Nothing looks tackier than a row of people staring at a camera with wine glasses in their hands.
Nothing looks the same from both sides.
Nothing looks the same in both browsers unless it's straight text.
Nothing looks the same.
Nothing looks worse on a girl than hairy ears.
Nothing looks worse on a resume than to see a person who hops from company to company every year.
Nothing looks worse than a bride running around barefoot.
Nothing looks worse than a brown belt worn with a black pair of shoes and a tan briefcase.
Nothing looks worse than a method where the rider is behind the board.
Nothing looks worse than a pealing door.
Nothing looks worse than a peeling door.
Nothing looks worse than a worn and torn seat.
Nothing looks worse than an outdated web page.
Nothing looks worse than putting out an amateur looking book.
Nothing looks worse than to have unprofessional content up for the world to see.
Nothing looks worse that walking into an office piled with boxes full of old accounting records.
Nothing looks worse to a potential customer than a badly maintained website.
Nothing looks worse to a user than seeing an error page.
Nothing looks worse to the reader than spelling mistakes.
Nothing looks, feels, or performs quite like it.
Nothing loosens up that pesky nugget like a well-placed stick of dynamite.
Nothing loses business faster than a busy signal.
Nothing lowers the spirit like a tight waistband.
Nothing made by man is perfect.
Nothing made of crystal is around, and the buildings are all blackened and burned.
Nothing made with raw or undercooked eggs is safe.
Nothing magically appears.
Nothing make sense as yet.
Nothing makes a bad impression that making the interviewer repeat sometime again and again.
Nothing makes a barbeque more exciting than a hot plasma arc.
Nothing makes a better impression than a solid mastery of English language.
Nothing makes a bigger impression than dazzling wheels.
Nothing makes a candy lover's heart sink like wasted chocolate.
Nothing makes a case like a smoking gun.
Nothing makes a child lose interest faster than having to do something too difficult or too easy.
Nothing makes a child lose interest faster than having to do something too difficult, or too easy.
Nothing makes a classic love story more obsolete than treating adultery as a tragedy.
Nothing makes a community safer than neighbors looking out for each other.
Nothing makes a company more valuable than cold hard cash.
Nothing makes a computer behave more strangely than a hard drive that is full.
Nothing makes a day in the field more uncomfortable than wet and blistered feet.
Nothing makes a day longer than, being on time for work.
Nothing makes a deck look less inviting than deck furniture that's torn, rusted and chipped.
Nothing makes a departing employee more angry than guessing about money and benefits.
Nothing makes a family seem bigger than everyone being cooped up inside during inclement weather.
Nothing makes a firm richer than a high-volume trader.
Nothing makes a fish bigger than almost being caught.
Nothing makes a girl feel cute like new threads.
Nothing makes a good golf course better than smooth, slick greens.
Nothing makes a home like candles.
Nothing makes a home look newer faster than painting.
Nothing makes a home look nicer than a nice bouquest of flowers.
Nothing makes a home more inviting that the smell of home-baked goodies in the air.
Nothing makes a home recording, any recording for that matter, sound better than great drum sounds.
Nothing makes a horse giddier than to be locked in a stall all day.
Nothing makes a hot summer complete, like a blast of cool water.
Nothing makes a hotter photo than a happy model who is enjoying what they are experiencing.
Nothing makes a house cozier than cats.
Nothing makes a man deteriorate more than the life of a cafe.
Nothing makes a man feel smaller than mountains.
Nothing makes a man more anonymous than a uniform.
Nothing makes a man so slow to wickedness.
Nothing makes a man so virtuous as belief of the truth.
Nothing makes a mans heart race more than a machine and a girl riding it.
Nothing makes a monster more imposing than looking up at the scary countenance.
Nothing makes a more lasting impression.
Nothing makes a movie more watchable than pretty girls.
Nothing makes a new home feel more welcoming than a whole neighborhood of new friends.
Nothing makes a newly hatched chick grow faster than gut loaded mealworms.
Nothing makes a page look unprofessional like myriad spelling errors.
Nothing makes a person angrier than a reduction in pay or privilege.
Nothing makes a person feel exotic and special than a bouquet or arrangement of tropical flowers.
Nothing makes a person feel more cared about than to be listened to.
Nothing makes a person more modest about their income than to fill out a tax form.
Nothing makes a person more productive than the last minute.
Nothing makes a potential buyer run faster or further than a high-pressure sales person.
Nothing makes a property stand out better than clean crisp borders between the lawn and bed areas.
Nothing makes a prospective volunteer feel less needed than being strung along.
Nothing makes a punter happier than to make quick profits at the expense of long-term gain.
Nothing makes a site look more amateurish than fuzzy, jagged graphics.
Nothing makes a site seem more obsolete than having only old publications on it.
Nothing makes a speaker look better than two-way communications.
Nothing makes a speech perfect except practice.
Nothing makes a statement like a window draped with rich folds of fabric.
Nothing makes a statement so beautifully, or with so much class as a deep-etched piece of crystal.
Nothing makes a stronger case than a hard number.
Nothing makes a stronger presence than the fetid stench of unwashed human being.
Nothing makes a successful person feel more satisfied than helping someone who is just starting out.
Nothing makes a team look better that a warmup suit.
Nothing makes a user more nervous than a system that changes behavior inexplicably.
Nothing makes a vomiting dog or cat vomit more than a big drink of water.
Nothing makes a Web site appear less credible than a host of grammar and spelling errors.
Nothing makes a webmaster crazier faster than knowing that their site is down.
Nothing makes a woman more different or noticed than a hat.
Nothing makes a worse impression in the virtual classroom than a sloppily composed paragraph.
Nothing makes a worse impression than a typographical or spelling error.
Nothing makes a worse impression than poor grammar and misspelled words.
Nothing makes a worse impression than sending a resume or program that infects our computers.
Nothing makes a worse impression than unpressed clothing.
Nothing makes a worse impression.
Nothing makes a writer feel better.
Nothing makes a writer happier than knowing they have touched someone in some way.
Nothing makes alcohol more tempting to young people than turning it into 'forbidden fruit'.
Nothing makes an actor feel loved as much as a hot shower.
Nothing makes an agent salivate more than the thought of a commission check in ten days.
Nothing makes an employee feel more valued than an unasked-for raise.
Nothing makes an expensive piece of equipment look cheap faster than dust.
Nothing makes an imperfect person feel better than the fact of someone else s imperfections.
Nothing makes an impression quite like it.
Nothing makes an occasion more special than thoughtfully selected gifts.
Nothing makes an old clunker a zero emissions vehicle faster then taking it off the road.
Nothing makes any kind of a difference.
Nothing makes any sense any more.
Nothing makes any sense here in terms of real estate values.
Nothing makes any sense.
Nothing makes better sense.
Nothing makes body heat better than consumption of plenty of good hay.
Nothing makes bosses happier than staff doing more with the same amount.
Nothing makes complete sense.
Nothing makes compost faster, or better, than worms.
Nothing makes consumers more price sensitive than lack of knowledge.
Nothing makes customers buy like good, useful tips and information.
Nothing makes driving a great deal easier than pre-approved financing.
Nothing makes employees feel less secure than a pending acquisition or merger.
Nothing makes everything choose either dish yet pipe discover against none antique snowmobiles.
Nothing makes for a good paper so much as a good argument.
Nothing makes for a good story like a good fight.
Nothing makes for a refreshing wine on a sun-lit patio like a German Riesling.
Nothing makes for better advertising, fund raising or door prizing than custom t-shirts or caps.
Nothing makes for classic comedy like poking fun at schizophrenia.
Nothing makes hash better than a rotating skuff machine.
Nothing makes high school cafeteria food go down better than anime.
Nothing makes installment buying as easy as the advertising.
Nothing makes it acceptable and nothing makes it easier.
Nothing makes it better and it happens more and more often.
Nothing makes it infinite.
Nothing makes it more offensive to be that person or to see it.
Nothing makes it seem more real than the presence of that very symbol of wilderness, the elk.
Nothing makes it shrink like a face to face showdown.
Nothing makes kids happier than pony rides and parties.
Nothing makes libra more miserable then a sulky, complaining pisces.
Nothing makes more impact in the life of a child than interaction with adults in a positive manner.
Nothing makes more of an impact on our children than a well-trained, caring, and dedicated teacher.
Nothing makes more of an impression on a young player than working with a professional.
Nothing makes more of an impression on a youth player than working with a professional.
Nothing makes much sense, visually.
Nothing makes much sense.
Nothing makes music better than that.
Nothing makes music more enjoyable than a powerful sound system.
Nothing makes one feel like one's participating as parting with a few dollars.
Nothing makes one feel more accomplished than trying hard.
Nothing makes one feel so alive as the stark reality of a Chicago winter.
Nothing makes one feel so strong as a call for help.
Nothing makes one so vain as being told one is a sinner.
Nothing makes one so vain as being told that one is a sinner.
Nothing makes people go into debt like trying to keep up with people who already are.
Nothing makes people richer than other people's suffering.
Nothing makes people sadder than failed relationships with their children, spouse, or relatives.
Nothing makes problems more difficult to solve than religious politics.
Nothing makes professional imaging and Web page creation easier or faster.
Nothing makes pumpkin bread taste better than fresh pumpkin.
Nothing makes religion so attractive and winsome as kindness.
Nothing makes sense anymore.
Nothing makes sense as man.
Nothing makes sense in Biology, except in light of evolution.
Nothing makes sense in the neurosciences except in the light of behavior .
Nothing makes sense on that show.
Nothing makes sense without it.
Nothing makes sense, and an air of boredom reigns over the proceedings.
Nothing makes sense, and only the opposite sides are equal.
Nothing makes sense, cherie.
Nothing makes sense.
Nothing makes senses.
Nothing makes sex work better than more sex.
Nothing makes someone's day better than a pat on the back.
Nothing makes something look as bad a making it look silly with a joke.
Nothing makes that long pod trip home go by faster than a couple of cold ones.
Nothing makes the album stand out.
Nothing makes the audience flee faster than huge expository lumps.
Nothing makes the blood boil, the bile rise, like one.
Nothing makes the camping trip quite as special as a fish dinner cooked over an open fire.
Nothing makes the case discussion fall apart faster than lack of preparation.
Nothing makes the Christian life more real than seeing how others are hammering it out daily.
Nothing makes the coach happier than seeing things done in practice done well in games.
Nothing makes the content personal.
Nothing makes the day as special as a limousine.
Nothing makes the eyes sparkle more than the light dancing from a beautiful diamond engagement ring.
Nothing makes the fine craftsman look worse than cheap parts.
Nothing makes the heart throb like memories of high school.
Nothing makes the holidays brighter than lots and lots of snow.
Nothing makes the holidays truly happy like the music of the season.
Nothing makes the liver work faster.
Nothing makes the months roll around faster than receiving the hydro and phone bills.
Nothing makes the morning meal quite as complete as homemade jam or jelly.
Nothing makes the offense go like the guys up front.
Nothing makes the old ones work harder.
Nothing makes the pain stop It just hides in the teardrops.
Nothing makes the teacher crabbier than when kids are tardy.
Nothing makes the worse impression than unpressed clothing.
Nothing makes things more real and therefore more important than names, places, dates, etc.
Nothing makes time pass more quickly than staying busy.
Nothing makes understanding code mode difficult than a poor style.
Nothing makes vegetables taste any better than our bacon seasoning.
Nothing makes West Virginia shine like beautiful roadside wildflowers.
Nothing makes what was done right.
Nothing makes Windows more unstable than new installations.
Nothing makes workers more angry than people wasting their time.
Nothing makes writing look worse than spelling mistakes.
Nothing mandates the specific type of financing to be provided to accomplish the program objectives.
Nothing markets a site better than a viral product, tool or process.
Nothing marks a classic car nut like a big ol' pair of fuzzy dice dangling from the rearview mirror.
Nothing marks out the crew s course on the pond.
Nothing marks what happened here.
Nothing mars the view at the new space.
Nothing matches it anywhere else in the state of Delaware.
Nothing matches that exhilarance and pride, and nothing rivals creation in importance.
Nothing matches the beauty and durability than natural marble and granite.
Nothing matches the beauty of wood.
Nothing matches the convenience, speed, savings, and ease of browsing an Internet store.
Nothing matches the elegance, the richness, the comfort of finely crafted wood.
Nothing matches the expression on a person's face when they finally see their dream smile come true.
Nothing matches the festive and fun impact of colorful custom printed balloons.
Nothing matches the grace and practicality of a natural slate roof.
Nothing matches the immediacy of communicating face to face.
Nothing matches the joy of creation more than when an idea takes shape on paper.
Nothing matches the natural beauty and durability of our selection of natural clay products.
Nothing matches the performance.
Nothing matches the print version for portability and ease of reading.
Nothing matches the refinement of our attaches.
Nothing matches the resolution and clarity of the laserdisc.
Nothing matches the texture value of oysters.
Nothing matches the warm glow of real wood.
Nothing matches their ability to extend the season to the first heavy freeze.
Nothing matches their ease of use, analytical power, performance and collaboration capabilities.
Nothing matches their power and maneuverability.
Nothing matters a lot.
Nothing matters any more except victory.
Nothing matters any more.
Nothing matters anymore.
Nothing matters as much as caring for each other.
Nothing matters at all, besides the action.
Nothing matters because there is nothing real to hold on to.
Nothing matters except that everything matters.
Nothing matters more in the classroom than having a competent, well-trained teacher.
Nothing matters more than making the pain go away.
Nothing matters more than one's mentality towards what they do.
Nothing matters more than teacher quality.
Nothing matters more than the education of our children and their future citizenship in our world.
Nothing matters more than the gathering and condition of bait.
Nothing matters more than who is there.
Nothing matters more.
Nothing matters nothing.
Nothing matters now but survival.
Nothing matters now but the facts.
Nothing matters now, actually.
Nothing matters now, our Browns are back.
Nothing matters now.
Nothing matters so much as perception.
Nothing Matters Take a look.
Nothing matters then but the writing itself.
Nothing matters to force about a body on which it acts except the body's mass.
Nothing matters very much, and few things matter at all.
Nothing matters yet, everything matters.
Nothing means anything anymore.
Nothing means anything, if everything is the same.
Nothing means anything.
Nothing means more in the relationship between teacher and pupil than parental support.
Nothing means more to deaf children than a friend who can speak their own language.
Nothing means more to many people with disabilities than a job.
Nothing means something Doing nothing, however, is a violation of the law, the memory makers claim.
Nothing means what it used to mean.
Nothing measures up to what they remember.
Nothing melds a groups of individuals into a team like an Arctic expedition.
Nothing melodic about it.
Nothing melts the Filipino s heart faster than the sight of a child.
Nothing melts the heart like a helpless baby.
Nothing melts the heart of a woman quicker than humor.
Nothing merry about it.
Nothing messes up a picnic or day at the playground faster than unwanted guests like yellowjackets.
Nothing mired in an earthly consciousness can have any share in eternity.
Nothing mixes better than vanilla and chocolate.
Nothing motivates a child like parental support and admiration.
Nothing motivates a staff like a first place award or a trophy.
Nothing motivates activity like a feeling of further potential success.
Nothing motivates better than helping people reach their goals.
Nothing motivates people more than seeing the results of their hard work.
Nothing motivates the action in the film except the demands of action itself.
Nothing motivates university autocrats more effectively than the murmurings of organized dissent.
Nothing motivates Washington like the prospect of losing one's power.
Nothing moves a career forward like the power of knowledge.
Nothing moves a child like a mother's touch.
Nothing moves across the river.
Nothing moves as fast as technological advances in Internet applications.
Nothing moves at night now.
Nothing moves backwards in history.
Nothing moves faster or is more demanding than the technology marketplace.
Nothing moves faster than the Internet.
Nothing moves faster.
Nothing moves forward without it.
Nothing moves in a straight line in terms of the economy and the market.
Nothing moves in straight line as far as the social phenomenon is concerned.
Nothing moves inside.
Nothing moves on the outside.
Nothing moves out so nothing moves in.
Nothing moves out there, yet it keeps changing as the angle of the sun shifts.
Nothing moves people faster than a sticky, whining toddler strapped into a quick moving stroller.
Nothing moves slowly around here.
Nothing moves the air.
Nothing moves too fast within the government and at schools so be patient.
Nothing moves very quickly.
Nothing moves without clearance.
Nothing moves without it.
Nothing much clutters the landscape or competes with outside influences.
Nothing much grows apart from diminutive babul trees.
Nothing much is left but for a few walls overlooking the ocean.
Nothing much opens before noon.
Nothing much stays the same.
Nothing narrows a person more than travel.
Nothing nearby can escape from the black hole .
Nothing necessarily means anything.
Nothing necessarily remains in one's hands.
Nothing necessarily sinister or doomsday about that.
Nothing necessitates a later date.
Nothing needs changing.
Nothing needs fixing.
Nothing needs reforming so much as other people's habits.
Nothing needs repaired-bow is in great shape.
Nothing needs so reforming as other people's habits.
Nothing needs to be - reformed.
Nothing needs to be added to it.
Nothing needs to be added to that.
Nothing needs to be added, as they are a complete meal in themselves.
Nothing needs to be added.
Nothing needs to be adjusted directly on the slide projectors.
Nothing needs to be assumed about the distribution of x .
Nothing needs to be beaten out.
Nothing needs to be built or recompiled.
Nothing needs to be changed at all.
Nothing needs to be changed on the advanced tab.
Nothing needs to be changed.
Nothing needs to be checked here.
Nothing needs to be decided today.
Nothing needs to be done at the time of intercourse.
Nothing needs to be done except to shelve the item.
Nothing needs to be done for a borrowed reference.
Nothing needs to be done if the shipping and billing address are the same.
Nothing needs to be done on a daily basis or at the time of intercourse.
Nothing needs to be done to be it.
Nothing needs to be done to get into Normal mode.
Nothing needs to be done to receive basic protection.
Nothing needs to be done to the network server.
Nothing needs to be done to the ring prior to installation.
Nothing needs to be done.
Nothing needs to be downloaded.
Nothing needs to be entered here.
Nothing needs to be gained.
Nothing needs to be hidden.
Nothing needs to be in the bindings box.
Nothing needs to be in the subject or body of the message.
Nothing needs to be installed on the Exchange Server.
Nothing needs to be installed on the user's computer.
Nothing needs to be installed or stored on the local drive.
Nothing needs to be installed.
Nothing needs to be learned or practiced.
Nothing needs to be paid if there is no click-through.
Nothing needs to be particularly strenuous.
Nothing needs to be perfect.
Nothing needs to be permanent.
Nothing needs to be produced for the foundation in return.
Nothing needs to be purged.
Nothing needs to be put on the pruning cuts.
Nothing needs to be recompiled or changed in any way.
Nothing needs to be recorded in the Minutes unless a decision is taken.
Nothing needs to be said about cheating or plagiarism.
Nothing needs to be said and no dialing is necessary.
Nothing needs to be said.
Nothing needs to be shipped.
Nothing needs to be taken daily or at the time of sexual intercourse.
Nothing needs to be typed for the subjet or bidy of the message.
Nothing needs to be upgraded.
Nothing needs to be visible, which can be aesthetic.
Nothing needs to be written on the subject line or body of the message.
Nothing needs to change.
Nothing needs to changed.
Nothing needs to happen except to wait for the normal cycling of all the hormones.
Nothing needs to move.
Nothing never changes, nothing stays the same.
Nothing notice unc basketball jerseys without no wave until they tear our put alongside ask.
Nothing nourishes imagination like reading.
Nothing now exists of the original buildings.
Nothing now goes into the public domain for failure to renew.
Nothing now known offers a way of making everyone happy.
Nothing now marks the place of the old forge.
Nothing now remains of it, except a slightly flattish expanse above the slope of the hill.
Nothing now remains of the old chapel, except a stone thought to be part of the font.
Nothing now remains of the Scurlage family castle.
Nothing now remains of the village.
Nothing now remains, however, of the church ruin.
Nothing now remains.
Nothing now stands between sinners and forgiveness.
Nothing now stands in the way of the creation of the world's first media and Internet behemoth.
Nothing now stands in the way of unlimited communication.
Nothing obstructing the flow of the blood through the vein is normal.
Nothing obstructs the fuel flow.
Nothing occupy nancy ganz within a park than anybody love somebody being toward directs.
Nothing occurring at a mediation session is admissible as evidence in a due process hearing.
Nothing occurs at random.
Nothing occurs beyond that.
Nothing occurs by accident and there are no coincidences.
Nothing occurs by chance.
Nothing occurs by coincidence.
Nothing occurs if insertion point is already on a tabulation mark.
Nothing occurs in isolation.
Nothing occurs in the casino without touching on some aspect of internal controls.
Nothing occurs without any cause or at least something occurs with at least determinant cause.
Nothing offends but nothing surprises.
Nothing offends people worse than broken engagements.
Nothing offered here is confidential or protected by attorney-client privilege.
Nothing offers a better glimpse of early Kansas City than what flowed from the census taker's pen.
Nothing offers affordable boating space like pontoon boats.
Nothing offers an easy, compact way to catch up.
Nothing offers greater benefits to mother and baby than good nutrition.
Nothing offers greater freedom, in fact, or greater sovereignty, than justified contempt.
Nothing oozes class like gambling dogs.
Nothing opens doors or hearts like our sacrificial acts of love.
Nothing opens old wounds like a visit to the divisional leader.
Nothing opens the door to opportunity and information like a plan of action.
Nothing opens up a room like mirrors.
Nothing opens up a space like white.
Nothing opens up worlds like knowing a foreign language.
Nothing operates alone.
Nothing organizes the creative mind like a personal digital assistant.
Nothing ought to be done in rivalry or strife with any one.
Nothing ought to cost more than it comes to.
Nothing ought to depend on it.
Nothing ought to stand in the way of profits.
Nothing outruns the long arm of the law.
Nothing outside is let into to the cabin.
Nothing outweighs the benefits of financial education, especially when started early.
Nothing overcomes conflict like kindness.
Nothing overly explicate.
Nothing overly funky nor very satisfying.
Nothing overly haute either.
Nothing overshadows truth so completely as authority.
Nothing overwhelms anything else and it all works.
Nothing packs that original of a punch today.
Nothing pains some people more than having to think.
Nothing parallels the feeling of accomplishment from cleaning a challenging route up a rock face.
Nothing particularly cataclysmic or earthshaking.
Nothing particularly complexjust a class about the prophecies and the resurrection.
Nothing particularly spooky about that.
Nothing particularly stands out as a remarkable performance, but nothing disappoints either.
Nothing particularly stands out save the eyes, just as they do in surviving photographs.
Nothing particularly stands out, although nothing is truly bad.
Nothing passes so swiftly and silently as time.
Nothing passes the hours like a good piece of sci-fi literature.
Nothing pays dividends to sellers of a house quite like elbow grease.
Nothing pays off like persistence.
Nothing pays off more.
Nothing perform somebody jam none control either sorrow use along a backpacking with kid.
Nothing perform somebody jam none control either sorrow use along a eureka tents.
Nothing perform somebody jam none control either sorrow use along a iowa biking trails.
Nothing perform somebody jam none control either sorrow use along a vinyl repair kits.
Nothing perform somebody jam none control either sorrow use along a western north carolina camping.
Nothing perhaps can put a stop to the advances of mind but oppression.
Nothing perhaps can quickly undo decades of deterioration of the appointments process.
Nothing perks up a boring makeup routine like a shot of blue.
Nothing permits anyone to waste another's time or to show disrespect.
Nothing persists in the same condition for ever.
Nothing persuades a reviewer more effectively.
Nothing persuades others like strong, well-articulated interest on the part of an applicant.
Nothing persuades quite so quickly and thoroughly as the text itself.
Nothing persuades Washington more than hearing from the folks back home.
Nothing physically can touch the surface without the potential for damage.
Nothing physically happens to the moon, nor does the moon turn blue.
Nothing physically reminds one of the tragedy there, but the recent findings have raised eyebrows.
Nothing pick anybody claims either witness therefore trace beg by an football.
Nothing piles up spent hulls faster than a good dove shoot.
Nothing pisses a queer person off more than having to attend a wedding shower.
Nothing places a greater emphasis on information architecture than portals.
Nothing plays the blues quite like an harmonica.
Nothing pleases a gardener more than finding a great new plant for the garden.
Nothing pleases a mediator more than a proceeding where attorneys remain cordial, win or lose.
Nothing pleases an ignorant person as much as a chance to hand out information.
Nothing pleases children more than being able to show off their catch to others.
Nothing pleases graders more than good presentation.
Nothing pleases quite as much, As perfect clambake weather.
Nothing pleases the wealthy as much as getting a bargain.
Nothing points more clearly to a pride problem than an aloof leader.
Nothing points on a speeding bird faster.
Nothing pops an item forward like black on white.
Nothing pops up or makes noise or requires the reader to interact.
Nothing portrays the emotion like the artifacts.
Nothing postulated above is true.
Nothing pours better than good certified silicon bronze.
Nothing precludes a utility from privately investing in retail alternative fuel stations.
Nothing precludes adjustments to facilitate consideration of certain matters.
Nothing precludes an implementation from doing so.
Nothing precludes anything in future.
Nothing precludes disciplinary action being recommended on the first violation.
Nothing precludes employees from volunteering their services to political campaign committees.
Nothing precludes individuals from having their voices heard.
Nothing precludes legal action against private practitioners for allowing people to remain free.
Nothing precludes the establishment of same gender schools or classrooms.
Nothing precludes the operation of peaking units as base-load plants.
Nothing predicts bad outcomes for children more powerfully than growing up poor.
Nothing predicts school success more than a family who reads to the child.
Nothing prepares a parent for dealing with a sick child.
Nothing prepares a parent for the utter devastation of having a child diagnosed with cancer.
Nothing prepares girls for success in the real world like character.
Nothing prepares the three friends for what is about to happen.
Nothing presented here is represented as fact.
Nothing preserves a fruit's natural nutrients, shape and color like micro-poaching.
Nothing prevents a dentist from returning a tooth to the person from whom it was extracted.
Nothing prevents a lawyer from remedying a problem.
Nothing prevents a member from doing that.
Nothing prevents a religious school from giving preference to persons of the same religion.
Nothing prevents a single individual or entity from acting in all three capacities.
Nothing prevents a user from installing Netscape at their leisure.
Nothing prevents a woman from being loved by two men, or a man from being loved by two women.
Nothing prevents action more surely than fear.
Nothing prevents an accelerated course of the accession negotiations.
Nothing prevents an agency from awarding contracts to every offeror that submits a proposal.
Nothing prevents collaboration between women and their physicians.
Nothing prevents doctors from doing more.
Nothing prevents ECU from looking at cumulative annual reports.
Nothing prevents employees from access to the same people supervisors do.
Nothing prevents it from requesting more.
Nothing prevents opposites from being in the same subject in different respects.
Nothing prevents our being natural as the desire to appear so.
Nothing prevents our denying life by suicide.
Nothing prevents the gradual deterioration of image.
Nothing prevents the networks from becoming segmented into disconnected parts.
Nothing prevents the same thing belonging to someone from several causes.
Nothing prevents the stack from growing below the application limit.
Nothing prevents the user from picking another weak password.
Nothing prints from anything without an error message at end of print job.
Nothing prints on the left side of the paper.
Nothing produces a reaction like an assault against hallowed practices.
Nothing produces more emotion than an unexpected win and an unexpected loss.
Nothing produces more happiness than a good tavern.
Nothing produces nothing.
Nothing produces such a dramatic effect on response as the headline.
Nothing produces the feeling of vibrant health more than regular exercise and staying fit.
Nothing produces volume when beating eggs like a good whisk.
Nothing prohibits a State or local jurisdiction from purchasing buses equipped with safety belts.
Nothing prohibits or discourages the sale of other makes of firearms.
Nothing promotes a band like having t-shirts to sell and give away at shows.
Nothing promotes a classic like a celebrity translator.
Nothing promotes a spectacle better than a spectacle.
Nothing promotes creativity better than a continuous example.
Nothing promotes discussion and dialogue better than a naked woman in a cage.
Nothing promotes humility and mercy more than a reflective look at self.
Nothing promotes soul growth like some quiet contemplation in between zany nights out at the bar.
Nothing propagates so fast.
Nothing proposed at the moment includes the putting of weaponry into orbit.
Nothing proposed on screen is a stretch, nor easy to dismiss as fluffy Hollywood nonsense.
Nothing protects cult members.
Nothing proves an evil death, but the time after death.
Nothing proves anything.
Nothing proves it to be false more completely than the Vermont canvass itself.
Nothing provided here is the substitute for the advice of competent legal counsel .
Nothing provided here, however, is a substitute for advice of competent counsel .
Nothing provides all the benefits of turf as fast or as effectively as sod from West Coast Turf.
Nothing provides better protection from the elements.
Nothing provides clearer warning of a problem than lack of payment on a private project.
Nothing provides greater gifts.
Nothing provides instant gratification like live video.
Nothing provides more accountability.
Nothing provides relief, with the only exception being rocked or passively carried.
Nothing provides the deep-seated psychological satisfaction of gold.
Nothing provides the elegance and practicality of glass.
Nothing provides the uniqueness and warmth of solid wood.
Nothing providing the tax rate is fair.
Nothing provokes so much horror and opposition within the Jewish tradition as war.
Nothing published at either site has any authorization from or affiliation with the writer.
Nothing pull that start below harm.
Nothing pulls an outfit together like socks.
Nothing pulls at our hearts like separation, and there are many different kinds of separation.
Nothing punctures a cogent argument more quickly than garbled syntax.
Nothing pushes against change more than resistance, especially resistance that is defensive.
Nothing puts a damper on a perfectly civilized board meeting like a swarm of shouting protesters.
Nothing puts a smile on peoples' faces faster than a clown.
Nothing puts an audience to sleep faster.
Nothing puts an editor off faster than an unprofessional-looking manuscript.
Nothing puts customers at ease like a touch of professionalism.
Nothing puts customers off more than a slow unreliable response.
Nothing puts good business into question like a bad translation.
Nothing puts it out.
Nothing puts more stress on male friendships than a new girlfriend in the mix.
Nothing puts off Internet users like a bulky, slow Web page.
Nothing puts on the brakes faster than a concave rear end.
Nothing puts people in the mood for a little romance like a song that speaks to the heart.
Nothing puts the breaks on jobs growth and productivity like skill shortages.
Nothing puts the frighteners into scheming administrators like the thought of a stretch in jail.
Nothing puts the isolated snapshots in context like maps of caves and surface terrain.
Nothing puts the staff in a better mood than customers who come in and seat themselves.
Nothing qualifies the state for such an honor.
Nothing quells anxiety faster than action.
Nothing quells democracy like a bullet.
Nothing quite adds charm to a building or home like stone.
Nothing quite aproaches natto.
Nothing quite beats a spot fresh from Virginia's waters and into the pan.
Nothing quite beats being humiliated at the hands of a piece of luggage.
Nothing quite beats on-off.
Nothing quite beats the exhilaration of cool crisp air, downhill speed, and challenging trails.
Nothing quite beats the thrill of having the right doohicky to fit into the proper thingamajig.
Nothing quite captures a child s attention like a good science experiment.
Nothing quite captures a child's attention like a good science experiment.
Nothing quite compares to feeling the baby move, squirm, or kick.
Nothing quite compares to having the last word.
Nothing quite compares to it's satisfying wholesomeness.
Nothing quite compares to the joy of Christian fellowship.
Nothing quite compares to the joy of Christian friendship.
Nothing quite compares to the joy of friendship.
Nothing quite compares to the spontaneity of skateboarding contests.
Nothing quite compares with having true friends.
Nothing quite compares with the exhilarating freedom of a personalized safari in Africa.
Nothing quite conjures up such a vision of imminent invasion.
Nothing quite conveys that pared-down, realistic approach to dressing like black.
Nothing quite digs into the ground enough.
Nothing quite does the trick like a dozen roses.
Nothing quite equals the lift that freshly picked herbs can give to a meal.
Nothing quite expresses the sentiment of the season like a good death joke.
Nothing quite fits emptiness nearly as well as absence.
Nothing quite goes together, but that's Vegas.
Nothing quite hits the spot like ice cream.
Nothing quite impresses the neophyte helicopter flier like the hover.
Nothing quite matches board games for testing skill and ingenuity and for providing a challenge.
Nothing quite matches the delicious flavor of butterscotch.
Nothing quite says hand craftsmanship like a hand-painted pinstripe.
Nothing quite says it like a card.
Nothing quite says it like quality color printing.
Nothing quite sounds the same.
Nothing racist about that.
Nothing radiates toward the corpus coliseum.
Nothing raises blood pressure more than the subject of anchors and anchoring.
Nothing raises eyebrows and makes people squirm more than straight talk about women's genitals.
Nothing raises hackles as fiercely as a change in performance feedback methods.
Nothing raises more acute problems here than the leak.
Nothing raises more fear in a repressive regime than challenges to the control of information.
Nothing raises venture capital better than a team and site prototype.
Nothing rankles so much as being made ridiculous.
Nothing rattles that guy.
Nothing reaches so deeply into the human personality, tugs so tightly, as relationship.
Nothing read nothing rule either bowl and danger hit around an chanel jewelry.
Nothing read nothing rule either bowl and danger hit around an dress shirt.
Nothing read nothing rule either bowl and danger hit around an paco rabanne fragrances.
Nothing read nothing rule either bowl and danger hit around an revlon perfumes.
Nothing read nothing rule either bowl and danger hit around an teen clothes.
Nothing reads slowly some table tennis sets inside a visitors.
Nothing reallly seems to help.
Nothing really advances and disruptions are numerous.
Nothing really beats a test run, though.
Nothing really beats the explosions though.
Nothing really becomes of the parallels.
Nothing really can guarantee it.
Nothing really changes as far as our overall investment in the program.
Nothing really changes from high school to college in stress.
Nothing really changes so nothing really matters at all.
Nothing really changes until people begin to tell their stories.
Nothing really changes, except the breadth of materials.
Nothing really changes.
Nothing really comes easy.
Nothing really comes to mind.
Nothing really compares to that costume.
Nothing really compares to the grapefruit.
Nothing really cures insomnia more than productivity.
Nothing really does from up there.
Nothing really exists except for the piece of paper.
Nothing really fits solidly into any of the categories.
Nothing really gives the overall satisfaction though as sucking blood the old fashion way.
Nothing really goes on.
Nothing really ground breaking, but very enjoyable.
Nothing really happend .
Nothing really happening - expect some short period wind swell throughout the week.
Nothing really happens at a set time in Congo.
Nothing really happens from the bust.
Nothing really happens of any strange merit.
Nothing really happens that is graphics intensive in the least.
Nothing really happens until it happens to the boomers.
Nothing really happens, and everything just repeats itself in a non-sensical manner.
Nothing really happens, and the whole effort seems like a waste of time.
Nothing really happens.
Nothing really has any certainty.
Nothing really has the long dark narrow wings they do.
Nothing really helps.
Nothing really is available, maybe that's a niche though.
Nothing really is different.
Nothing really is known about their departure.
Nothing really is uninteresting and everything is woth discussing.
Nothing really jumps out.
Nothing really looks phony.
Nothing really makes sense.
Nothing really matters in a non-matter realm.
Nothing really matters right now except to get to the end and win.
Nothing really matters, Anyone can see.
Nothing really matters.
Nothing really means what it sounds like it means.
Nothing really news worthy.
Nothing really prepares recent graduates for their first job.
Nothing really runs here.
Nothing really seems as pitiful as a wet rabbit.
Nothing really seems to make a difference.
Nothing really seems to matter.
Nothing really sets human nature free but self-control.
Nothing really shocks the conscience today.
Nothing really sounds good lately.
Nothing really sounds intense or loud.
Nothing really stands out here.
Nothing really stands out, including the title .
Nothing really stands out, though.
Nothing really stands out.
Nothing really stands still.
Nothing really sticks out as annoying, and the samples are all of decent quality.
Nothing really sticks out as anything going on in the race or happening in the race.
Nothing really subtle or controversial.
Nothing really sums up the debate.
Nothing really takes the place of personal knowledge.
Nothing really tops college football.
Nothing really triggers it, it just happens.
Nothing really works, it's all looks for now.
Nothing reassures a funder more than a meaningful budget.
Nothing reassures less than a discussion with a badly distracted parent.
Nothing recedes like progress.
Nothing recedes like success.
Nothing receive many is that halves meanwhile collar prepared underneath a tudor.
Nothing receives what it already has.
Nothing receives what it has already got.
Nothing recorded can match a live performance.
Nothing recreates a youth.
Nothing recruits better than a satisfied volunteer.
Nothing redistributes wealth like taxation and a big family.
Nothing reduces a business's cash flow like unpaid bills.
Nothing reduces sales expenses like increased buyer awareness and buyers who initiate contact.
Nothing reduces stress like organization.
Nothing reduces stress more than exercise.
Nothing reduces the pain of embarrassment like seeing someone else's.
Nothing reflected in the mirror means the emptiness truth.
Nothing reflects back.
Nothing reflects the economic crisis that hit just one year ago.
Nothing refreshes a baseball player like the off-season.
Nothing refreshes like a dip in the water.
Nothing refreshes like an ice-cold glass of water on a hot day or after an exercise session.
Nothing refreshes like an ice-cold glass of water on a hot summer day.
Nothing refreshes, rejuvenates, and relaxes like a truly fine shower.
Nothing regarding the religious aspects of the law is presently before any court.
Nothing rehabilitates an injury to the hand, wrist, or arm like the dynaflex.
Nothing reinforces a position better than a real life or local example.
Nothing rejuvenates the mind and rekindles the soul like a voyage at sea on a small sailing ship.
Nothing related to a dynamic, rapidly-changing field like TV production can afford to stand still.
Nothing related to infertility is black and white.
Nothing related to scheduling is pictured below, just the hierarchies of localized activity.
Nothing related to wheelchairs ever happens quickly.
Nothing relating to game play is included in the accompanying readme files.
Nothing relaxes an audience like humor, and nothing kills a presentation like a bad joke.
Nothing relaxes like spending time in a truly luxury tub.
Nothing relaxes like the playful jump of a candle's flame.
Nothing relaxes one physically and mentally like a good bout of exercise.
Nothing relaxes the body more than exercise.
Nothing relaxes the brothers more than playing intramural sports.
Nothing relieves anxiety more than adequate preparation.
Nothing relieves stress like a couple of bayonet charges.
Nothing relieves the constant discomfort.
Nothing relieves the monotony of a job like finding ways to improve it.
Nothing relieves the stress of studying better than a nice Israeli movie, with subtitles of course.
Nothing remains - either of their life or their death.
Nothing remains above the foundations.
Nothing remains any longer of what a place of long-forgotten pride of Russian homeopathy any longer.
Nothing remains as it is.
Nothing remains but a name on a stone.
Nothing remains but bare indeterminate experience.
Nothing remains but bare rock.
Nothing remains but one of the most beautiful views on earth.
Nothing remains but that what can increase their new salvation, and make it fuller and greater.
Nothing remains but the petit bourgeois tout pur.
Nothing remains but the spring enclosure and remnants of the swimming pool.
Nothing remains but the words.
Nothing remains but tyranny.
Nothing remains concealed.
Nothing remains constant during the maneuver.
Nothing remains constant except change itself.
Nothing remains constant.
Nothing remains eternal.
Nothing remains exactly the same.
Nothing remains except dried-up fragments.
Nothing remains except the air they breathe.
Nothing remains except the memories of electric synapse-fire.
Nothing remains forever the same.
Nothing remains from the bunker.
Nothing remains from the villa but the entrance gate, topped with a metal arch.
Nothing remains here to deny the world.
Nothing remains hidden.
Nothing remains in the area to distinctly mark the battlefield.
Nothing remains latent and frustrated.
Nothing remains now except the ruins of the concrete pool that contains the spring.
Nothing remains objective, nothing remains constant.
Nothing remains obscured or embellished by juxtaposition with graphics.
Nothing remains of all the homes built in the area.
Nothing remains of either station except some rubble, nails, and broken glass.
Nothing remains of hope .
Nothing remains of it either.
Nothing remains of it except students lockers.
Nothing remains of it now but lockers of the students.
Nothing remains of it on the upper-level platform.
Nothing remains of it today.
Nothing remains of it, although it is now recorded as a rural locality.
Nothing remains of it.
Nothing remains of Lexington today.
Nothing remains of national honour.
Nothing remains of Pharonic Egyptian dances in any form.
Nothing remains of site.
Nothing remains of that building.
Nothing remains of that flake today.
Nothing remains of the bread or art.
Nothing remains of the building which was near Hall farm.
Nothing remains of the building.
Nothing remains of the buildings.
Nothing remains of the camp.
Nothing remains of the camps but the cemetery.
Nothing remains of the castle gateway, and only fragments of the gatehouse exist.
Nothing remains of the chancel or of the original domestic buildings.
Nothing remains of the cloister which lay to the north of the church.
Nothing remains of the community but the tavern building, now a private residence.
Nothing remains of the early manor house except the name peel .
Nothing remains of the famous hotel but the panoramic view of the Hudson Valley.
Nothing remains of the flesh, but some hard white chalky substances.
Nothing remains of the forest, nothing but horror and death.
Nothing remains of the fort.
Nothing remains of the fortress.
Nothing remains of the hall fireplace, which was on the east wall.
Nothing remains of the horses.
Nothing remains of the market economy but some labels, although their meaning is radically altered.
Nothing remains of the medieval wooden kremlin walls.
Nothing remains of the old carriage and wheelwright shops.
Nothing remains of the old village, Just a lot of residents and a couple of old falling down houses.
Nothing remains of the older buildings.
Nothing remains of the original buildings.
Nothing remains of the original castle.
Nothing remains of the original fort.
Nothing remains of the original monastery.
Nothing remains of the original place except for the food and the prices.
Nothing remains of the original prison compound today.
Nothing remains of the original settlements.
Nothing remains of the original structures.
Nothing remains of the plantation today.
Nothing remains of the prison buildings today.
Nothing remains of the residential and industrial sectors of the city.
Nothing remains of the ruin.
Nothing remains' of the squatter village.
Nothing remains of the station today, and few people remember.
Nothing remains of the station today.
Nothing remains of the swampiness of the area.
Nothing remains of the theater that once stood there.
Nothing remains of the theater.
Nothing remains of the town except an interpretive sign.
Nothing remains of the town today.
Nothing remains of the village houses.
Nothing remains outside the analytical domain of the study of international relations.
Nothing remains quite the same.
Nothing remains shapeless or without adornment.
Nothing remains similar for the other side of the ball, either.
Nothing remains standing from both towers.
Nothing remains static, or something that is fixed and unchanging.
Nothing remains static, thankfully.
Nothing remains static.
Nothing remains stationary.
Nothing remains still.
Nothing remains the same even from one moment to the next.
Nothing remains the same for more than an instant.
Nothing remains the same for two consecutive moments.
Nothing remains the same for very long .
Nothing remains the same for very long.
Nothing remains the same here.
Nothing remains the same on a mountain.
Nothing remains the same.
Nothing remains The town existed in name only.
Nothing remains then but the recollection of a pleasure, or the luxury of a regret.
Nothing remains there to mark the operation.
Nothing remains to be done but to devise the means for carrying it out.
Nothing remains to be done to obtain salvation.
Nothing remains to be said except that there's ayting and dhrinking in it.
Nothing remains to be said.
Nothing remains to carry on the business of life.
Nothing remains to indicate the squadron's presence.
Nothing remains to mark the site of the station of the former community.
Nothing remains to mark the site of Virginia City.
Nothing remains to mark the spot but mounds and broken pottery.
Nothing remains to the dishonored sepulchres, except their massiveness.
Nothing remains today but foundations.
Nothing remains today except a few old houses and a few families do live here.
Nothing remains today except a small cemetery which is called 'The Roebuck Cemetery'.
Nothing remains today except for the depot, which at last look was also abandoned.
Nothing remains today of the elaborately planned city.
Nothing remains today, but rusted railroad spurs.
Nothing remains today.
Nothing remains undecorated, however.
Nothing remains unknown in omniscience.
Nothing remains unmashed due to the flat and round mashing area.
Nothing remains unsaid.
Nothing remarkably distinctive there.
Nothing reminds a child of a hotel or a hospital.
Nothing reminds of the historic events that took place half a century ago.
Nothing remotely resembling a critique of Chinese life, government or history is acceptable.
Nothing removes elegance from a design faster than standard form elements.
Nothing removes frown lines better.
Nothing removes the useless stuff from a fleece as well as handcombing the fiber.
Nothing renders a nation so despicable as religious despotism.
Nothing rends a meeting useless faster than lack of members' preparation.
Nothing renews the community more than volunteering.
Nothing repels a dog sooner than constant scolding.
Nothing repels potential customers more than bad grammar or typos.
Nothing replaces a familiar rapport, years of travel expertise and the personalized touch.
Nothing replaces a good teacher.
Nothing replaces a human instructor.
Nothing replaces a lost child.
Nothing replaces a meal prepared at home, enjoyed with family or friends.
Nothing replaces a meeting with the CEO of a company.
Nothing replaces a real conversation on the phone.
Nothing replaces a visit , but there are also lots of beautiful photos available on the web.
Nothing replaces actually going to the destination and exploring firsthand.
Nothing replaces actually visiting a house, but video tours help buyers to narrow their choices.
Nothing replaces being there.
Nothing replaces checking the mix every few days to see whether it is time to water.
Nothing replaces complete and proper self-defense training.
Nothing replaces constant supervision.
Nothing replaces consultation with a physician.
Nothing replaces early detection.
Nothing replaces excellence, experience and dedication.
Nothing replaces experience.
Nothing replaces good class interaction to get revitalized and inspired.
Nothing replaces good health.
Nothing replaces hands-on experience.
Nothing replaces hard work and good planning.
Nothing replaces hard work.
Nothing replaces honesty and integrity.
Nothing replaces in the deeply afflicted heart the remembrance and thought of the beloved object.
Nothing replaces observation.
Nothing replaces on-site inspection and nosing around the property like a bloodhound.
Nothing replaces periodic coding audits to ensure regulatory compliance.
Nothing replaces periodic internal coding audits.
Nothing replaces seeing the color in the room itself.
Nothing replaces some time surfing for sites using search engines and appropriate key words.
Nothing replaces that nothing in the world.
Nothing replaces the excitement of discovery during real field work.
Nothing replaces the family.
Nothing replaces the hands-on experience of a workshop.
Nothing replaces the live instructor in the classroom.
Nothing replaces the opinions and experiences of actual users.
Nothing replaces the personal contact with colleagues.
Nothing replaces the personal touch.
Nothing represents a thematic progression from the group's auspicious debut.
Nothing represents the modern office more than filing cabinets.
Nothing represents the ultimate boundary opposite the most powerful word everything .
Nothing repulses more than arrogance.
Nothing requires a corporation to make a one-time election to allow remote voting and participation.
Nothing requires a religion to exclude all other religions or belief systems.
Nothing requires changes in retail strategy as much as the Internet.
Nothing requires more discipline than freedom.
Nothing requires more water than a lawn.
Nothing requires municipal and county officials to follow it.
Nothing requires payor to select a health care professional or facility for an Enrollee.
Nothing requires that each punishment be exactly equal to the crime.
Nothing requires voter information to be released over the Internet.
Nothing resembles ginseng.
Nothing resembles it from the speech of creation.
Nothing resembles nothing.
Nothing resembles the face of an angel more than a sleeping child.
Nothing resembles what it did.
Nothing resembling the mammalian corpus luteum is formed in birds.
Nothing resists the technique but some things take months to be solved.
Nothing resonates and nobody cares.
Nothing restores perspective in life as well as worship.
Nothing restores the body and soul like a stay at the beach.
Nothing restricts the name or size of the file that can be created.
Nothing rests on the car's finish to mark the paint.
Nothing results any implied an feet since wealth are past several mizuno golf driver.
Nothing results any implied an feet since wealth are past several new york jets apparel.
Nothing results any implied an feet since wealth are past several packers poster.
Nothing results any implied an feet since wealth are past several practice jerseys.
Nothing results any implied an feet since wealth are past several reebok soccer.
Nothing results any implied an feet since wealth are past several taylor made ti.
Nothing return anyone bend no party as agreement creep away that tps softball bats.
Nothing reveals more about the inner life of people than their arts.
Nothing reveals our inability to direct our lives more than physical and spiritual death.
Nothing reveals our true selves like the advent of hard times.
Nothing reveals the horror of evil more than by understanding that evil sees itself as good.
Nothing reveals what people believe quite as effectively as the songs they sing.
Nothing revitalizes a cooling relationship like the occasional suicide attempt.
Nothing revitalizes a spa like a new cover.
Nothing revs up the old digestive engine like cayenne.
Nothing rhymes with nostril.
Nothing rhymes with orange.
Nothing rides like volcanic ash and pumice.
Nothing riles bankers more.
Nothing rings a bell.
Nothing rings true here.
Nothing rinses more easily and completely.
Nothing rips at the heart of America's cities as deeply as racism.
Nothing rises and falls.
Nothing rises but to fall.
Nothing rises so high as a voice that calls out in the middle of the day.
Nothing rivals the impact of a well chosen photograph.
Nothing rivals the Net when it comes to reinventing business processes.
Nothing rivals the wrath of nature like the awesome destructive power of the tornado.
Nothing robs a ration of nutritional value more than fines.
Nothing robs the vitality of the Christian life like legalism.
Nothing rolls like a ball .
Nothing rolls off of the side.
Nothing rolls up to the company.
Nothing rotates, clicks, or counts here.
Nothing rounds out a hot meal like a cool, crunchy salad.
Nothing rounds out a meal like the mouth-watering taste of Domino's Breadsticks.
Nothing rubs the shine off Vancouver's civic glow like a discussion of the city's nightlife.
Nothing ruin the truth like stretching it.
Nothing ruins a car faster than overheating.
Nothing ruins a Christian businessman's testimony faster than a shady deal.
Nothing ruins a dining experience like being ignored by the wait staff.
Nothing ruins a family vacation more than digestive upsets.
Nothing ruins a game more than a player who decides to cheat on a server.
Nothing ruins a good canoe trip faster than a wet camp and wet campers.
Nothing ruins a good costume faster than a bad routine.
Nothing ruins a good impression faster than a lack of attention to detail.
Nothing ruins a good learning experience like the pressure of competition.
Nothing ruins a good lecture more than a lack of enthusiasm on the part of the lecturer.
Nothing ruins a good meal quicker than someone getting sick or sentimental at the table.
Nothing ruins a good outfit like bad undergarments.
Nothing ruins a good time faster than a boating accident.
Nothing ruins a great weekend more than having everything go wrong.
Nothing ruins a holiday trip like luggage tampering, so arm accordingly.
Nothing ruins a lawn like weeds.
Nothing ruins a long distance trip worse than a bad hotel.
Nothing ruins a look like slouched shoulders.
Nothing ruins a moment faster than leaving the table to answer a call.
Nothing ruins a nice shrimp barbeque quicker than an incoming errant missile.
Nothing ruins a relaxing trip like time pressure.
Nothing ruins a romantic mood like leper-man.
Nothing ruins a summer vacation faster than the death of a loved one.
Nothing ruins a trip faster than a car full of morose faces.
Nothing ruins a trip faster than feet that get wet or cold or swell with blisters.
Nothing ruins a trip quicker than a jammed or broken reel.
Nothing ruins a vacation faster than being stuck on the side of the road with the hood up.
Nothing ruins a workout faster then damaged skin or a fresh blister.
Nothing ruins an interview faster than long, complex explanations.
Nothing ruins any salad like the crunch of sand.
Nothing ruins applications like spelling mistakes and correction fluid.
Nothing ruins good writing like overwriting.
Nothing ruins movie night like burned popcorn.
Nothing ruins paint faster than waxing dirt into it.
Nothing ruins splurging like a little forethought.
Nothing ruins the appearance of a beautiful home like inferior siding.
Nothing ruins the coating properties and test results faster than moisture.
Nothing ruins the flavor and appearance of beer like a soapy glass.
Nothing ruins the holidays like a trip to the emergency room.
Nothing ruins the illusion of a special effects monster faster than fake-looking eyes.
Nothing ruins the look of a world more than lots of shabby, sloppy building.
Nothing ruins the truth like stretching it Plan ahead.
Nothing ruins the truth like stretching it.
Nothing ruins travel pictures like a shaky camera.
Nothing rules it out.
Nothing runs as root.
Nothing runs better than a newly installed system.
Nothing runs in the background.
Nothing runs too late though.
Nothing runs, nothing beeps, nada.
Nothing s better for the young cook than a few foolproof recipes.
Nothing s better than that.
Nothing s happened with party, it exists.
Nothing s harder than making people laugh, and nothing brings more joy in a movie theater.
Nothing s more frustrating than trying to get a thick, viscous material out of a drum.
Nothing s more important than that beauty sleep.
Nothing s new.
Nothing s normal in Texas.
Nothing s obvious.
Nothing s off-limits.
Nothing s open anyway.
Nothing 's so dainty sweet as lovely melancholy.
Nothing s the same.
Nothing s too shallow or too thick.
Nothing s worse than a pushy woman.
Nothing s worse than traveling with a sick pet.
Nothing s wrong.
Nothing saps the fun out of camping like wet clothes.
Nothing satiates an empty stomach like a bowl of fresh noodles.
Nothing satisfies the soul like being in love.
Nothing sautes sperm faster than direct heat.
Nothing save ago a racquetball equipment unto either techniques.
Nothing save the airs that brood Over the magic solitude.
Nothing save truth has power closely to unite different feelings and dispositions.
Nothing saves it and no one even seems to try.
Nothing saves time like knowing the right person to talk to.
Nothing says adorable like a bloody dead animal carcass.
Nothing says bad boy like a motorcycle.
Nothing says banana republic like Banana Republic.
Nothing says bombs like a see through chiffon with sequins and lace.
Nothing says 'cheese' more than using default templates for business documents.
Nothing says class like a woman double fisting Bud from the bottle.
Nothing says class like the aroma and look of fine cedar paneling.
Nothing says commitment to the future like having older character holding all the cards.
Nothing says culture like paintings, poetry and piles of old books.
Nothing says culture like turkey legs, axe throwing and petting goats.
Nothing says cute like a baby's ass.
Nothing says death warmed over like a special olympics contender.
Nothing says dedication like a dancing showgirl in a flustered embrace with a flabbergasted oboist.
Nothing says democracy like a presidential election.
Nothing says dorky freshman more than a map.
Nothing says drab winter like whites that are now gray and spotted.
Nothing says drag racing like high heels on a tarmac.
Nothing says election fraud like a ballot cast from a cemetery.
Nothing says elegance like real, live music.
Nothing says elegance like serving caviar at a large function.
Nothing says email like a spinning globe.
Nothing says eternal love and esteem like a fine diamond.
Nothing says excitement quite like a nationwide bus tour.
Nothing says fall like a sweet, crunchy apple right off the tree.
Nothing says fall more than fall colours.
Nothing says freedom more than the stars and stripes.
Nothing says fun like a weekend in Dubuque.
Nothing says fun like free.
Nothing says futility like chasing after hot-performing mutual funds.
Nothing says go away like a book.
Nothing says good morning like hard liquor.
Nothing says granite like granite.
Nothing says hello better than a satanic tattoo.
Nothing says hello.
Nothing says high style more than marble flooring.
Nothing says hip like obsolete, inferior technology.
Nothing says home like green plants.
Nothing says hospitality better than a good hot breakfast, served with a smile.
Nothing says internet and e-commerce better than a dot com.
Nothing says 'Iraqi food' in Israel more than sabich.
Nothing says it any better than two of the great songs listed below.
Nothing says it better than a letter .
Nothing says it better than pictures.
Nothing says it better than reality.
Nothing say's it has to be that way, consider all other forms of media.
Nothing says it like braided nose hair.
Nothing says it like flowers.
Nothing says it quite as good as our high quality bumper stickers.
Nothing says it quite like wine.
Nothing says it's free, but everyone knows it is.
Nothing says lighten up like the store's semi-annual sales.
Nothing says loser like misspelled words and missing punctuation.
Nothing says love better.
Nothing says love like a Tall Ship.
Nothing says love like an angry mob.
Nothing says love like diesel fumes.
Nothing says love like dimpled chad.
Nothing says love like home-made.
Nothing says lovin' like a huckleberry muffin.
Nothing says lovin' like a little cheek.
Nothing says lovin' like a ray of sunshine from the oven.
Nothing says lovin' like architecture from the oven.
Nothing says lovin' like fresh baking.
Nothing says lovin' like something from the oven.
Nothing says lovin' like wooden sticks wrapped in paper that looks like a tampon.
Nothing says loving like a naked mole rat e-mail.
Nothing says loving like good old-fashioned pampering.
Nothing says loving like something crammed into the oven.
Nothing says loving like something from the oven is still true.
Nothing says luxury the way fur does.
Nothing says more about a company and their products than how they treat customers with problems.
Nothing says more about a company than how quickly they return customer phone calls.
Nothing says more about a company than how well they respond to a customers phone call.
Nothing says more about a company's confidence in it's product than the factory warranty.
Nothing says more or says it better than attention-getting visuals combined with rich data.
Nothing says more than a picture.
Nothing says more to an employer than typographical errors and poor grammar.
Nothing says nautical like a pair of wooden paddles, added to the wall for decoration.
Nothing says neglected site more loudly than a broken link.
Nothing says North Carolina like stock car racing.
Nothing says North Iowa quite like a gathering of agriculture interests.
Nothing says nothing like Nothing .
Nothing says party like pink wine.
Nothing says passion more than sweet words sent unexpectedly through the mail.
Nothing says picnic like a bright gingham tablecloth and a picnic basket.
Nothing says quality more than a gift pack of fresh chestnuts.
Nothing says rainy season like the ubiquitous laundry lines.
Nothing says realism like magically disappearing ships.
Nothing says romance better than roses.
Nothing says romance like a bunch of cowering, timid, but desparately randy freshmen.
Nothing says sleek sophistication better than the soft, but severe cut of the cropped bob.
Nothing says soulmate quite like an all expenses paid wet T-shirt contest.
Nothing says spring quite like a colorful display of flowers.
Nothing says spring quite so deliciously as freshly steamed new peas with a sprinkling of mint.
Nothing says success quite like tiny, squishy fish eggs.
Nothing says summer better than a picnic followed by some basball.
Nothing says summer like a clambake on a breezy beach.
Nothing says 'summer' like a crisp, juicy wedge of refreshing, ripe red watermelon.
Nothing says summer like a heaping scoop of chocolate-chip cookie dough in a waffle cone.
Nothing says summer like a leisurely meal enjoyed in the great outdoors.
Nothing says summer like a ripe, red strawberry.
Nothing says summer like a tall, cool glass of lemonade.
Nothing says Summer like chicken on the grill.
Nothing says summer like fresh fruits and vegetables.
Nothing says summer like fresh herbs.
Nothing says summer like music under the stars.
Nothing says summer like the cool colors of sherbet on a bright sunny day.
Nothing says summer like the inviting cool of a glistening blue pool.
Nothing says summer quite like the aroma of steak sizzling on the grill.
Nothing says summer quite like the smells and tastes of a cookout.
Nothing says summer so boldly.
Nothing says tacky like a mass mailing, whether it be from an individual or a business.
Nothing says that a partial differential equation exists to extrapolate such a stack.
Nothing says that the lender has to go through with the loan.
Nothing says that the plates have to match.
Nothing says that's guaranteed.
Nothing says the accounts have to be funded.
Nothing says the demand drivers aren t still there.
Nothing says the program is free, that it is a government program.
Nothing says they have to show up.
Nothing says threatening quite like a mullet and fingerless gloves.
Nothing says 'ugly' like fur.
Nothing says unemployable like being unemployed in a boom economy.
Nothing says unemployable like being unemployed in New York in a boom economy.
Nothing says upper crust like that dignified little lens.
Nothing says Vermont like the covered bridge.
Nothing says VIP like a motorcade with armored battlewagon.
Nothing says welcome home like the comfort of natural gas.
Nothing says welcome to spring as bulbs do.
Nothing says winter like the frozen tundra of the Arctic Circle, even when it s summertime there.
Nothing says winter more than sledding or building a snowman.
Nothing says young love like the famed falls.
Nothing says yum like a bar from the asse.
Nothing scares a girl off faster than a possessive partner.
Nothing scares a talk show host more than the idea of having to go it alone.
Nothing scares anti-union forces more than working families who vote.
Nothing screams amateur like a headline set in all caps in a calligraphic font.
Nothing screams loser more than a wardrobe full of last year s clothes.
Nothing screams offseason like making a thread to rile everybody up.
Nothing screams success quite like imitation.
Nothing screws up a campaign worse than a dumb mistake at the start.
Nothing screws up a good fish tale like a witness.
Nothing seals a friendship faster than a freshly baked cookie.
Nothing sedates rationality like large doses of effortless money.
Nothing seek, nothing find. .
Nothing seem certainly many wonder horse upon all profit.
Nothing seem to be going right.
Nothing seem to be operating.
Nothing seem to help.
Nothing seem to work effectively as hands-on programs.
Nothing seem worth doing.
Nothing seemd to matter.
Nothing seemd wrong till then.
Nothing seemingly happens.
Nothing seems adequate to combat tuberculosis.
Nothing seems altered.
Nothing seems as ominous as the flash of a knife in the hands of an angry and irrational person.
Nothing seems as popular as a fundraiser.
Nothing seems awkward, and there are no obscure references to Japanese culture.
Nothing seems believable even within the context of the story.
Nothing seems black and white anymore.
Nothing seems bogged down with ingredients or is cutting edge to the point of pretentiousness.
Nothing seems broken.
Nothing seems clear.
Nothing seems completely real.
Nothing seems cramped.
Nothing seems different here, but nothing is the same.
Nothing seems difficult.
Nothing seems disturbed other than flap on dog door pulled out a bit.
Nothing seems enjoyable or fun anymore.
Nothing seems enough.
Nothing seems exaggerated.
Nothing seems expensive on credit.
Nothing seems faked.
Nothing seems forced.
Nothing seems further from the world evoked by today's multimedia.
Nothing seems immune to the applications of advanced technology, and transportation is no exception.
Nothing seems impossible when a person has the spirit of adoption.
Nothing seems impossible, and that's when all the grand plans start being made.
Nothing seems impossible.
Nothing seems lasting.
Nothing seems left to guess, nor does the effort require unnecessary time or awkward scheduling.
Nothing seems less certain.
Nothing seems like an obstacle, but rather a stepping stone to victory.
Nothing seems like it is fun anymore.
Nothing seems like the best answer.
Nothing seems likely to change.
Nothing seems logical at all.
Nothing seems missing, though.
All pins are on their original cardboard.
All pins are present and the package is in perfect condition.
All pins are still tight.
All pins are there, and they all work.
All pins can be down, all up or any combination.
All pins come equipped with safety locks that are easy to operate and stay safely secured.
All pins come on jewelry card.
All pins come with a military pin back and an impressive circular case with black velvet like foam.
All pins come with squeeze clutch back.
All pins go out with seperate url tags.
All pins have a clutch-back attachment and are individually poly bagged.
All pins point to the center of gravity.
Every pin counts.
Every pin is available in silver or gold.
Every pin varies minutely from the photo because they are all hand-made.
Many pins depict the various Olympic sports.
More pins fall down.
Some pins go in easily, with virtually no sensation, others are more, errrr, noticeable.
Some pins take places.
Pinacate beetles are abundant both in species and individuals west of the Mississippi.
A pinata is a toy
Pinatas are a favorite feature of Mexican celebrations.
Pinatas are always fun.
Pinatas are containers made of earthenware or papier-mache.
Pinatas are easy to make, though they require a few days and some planning ahead.
Pinatas are hollow figures, with candy or small toys inside.
Pinatas are located in parties.
Pinatas are papier mache dolls stuffed with sweets.
Pinatas make cool decoration and are great fun at kids parties.
Pinawa leaders view the hazardous waste facility as a potential source of economic diversification.
Pinball fantasies features authentic ball movement.
A pinball machine is equipment
Pinball machines are almost as expensive as telephone sex, and considerably less compulsive.
Pinball machines are electrical devices.
Pinball machines are mechanical devices.
Pinball machines are the perfect mechanism to have in a mechanical museum.
Pinball machines are wonderful devices.
Every pinball table has different features.
Most pinball tables are at a very small incline angle.
Pinball believes that many kids still look up to athletes.
Pinball is a game
Pinball is a pinball simulation which displays the table full screen.
Pinball is an engineering marvel.
Pinball is elevated almost to the level of an art here.
Pinball is games.
Pinball is more to tiR's liking.
Pinball is playing games.
Pinball is the sound.
Pinball is video games.
Pinball is, after all, a mystical experience .
Pinball s only fun because it s pinball.
Pinball sends out one ball.
Pincer isa appendage.
Pincer isa extremity.
Pincers are used in mating rituals.
Pincers have (part) corpi.
Pincers use a scissor-like action to apply blunt pressure to a particular area.
Some pincers are part of barnacles.
Some pincers are part of crabs.
Some pincers are part of decapods.
Some pincers are part of krill.
Some pincers are part of lobsters.
Some pincers are part of plankton.
Some pincers are part of woodlouses.
A pinch is an amount
Pinch isa injury.
Pinch sides together to seal and drop in boiling water.
Pinches have effects.
Pinches have similar effects.
Most pinches have effects.
Most pinches have similar effects.
A pincushion flower is a scabiosa
Pincushion flower does best in sunny gardens.
Pincushion flower is insect and disease resistant and attracts butterflies.
Pincushion flowers are attractive to butterflies.
Pincushion flowers are easy to grow.
Pincushion flowers make fine cut flowers.
Pincushion flowers perform best in moist, well-drained soils.
Pincushion plant is a good partner with whites, reds and purples.
A pincushion is a cushion
Pincushion controls the straightness of the side edges of the display.
Pincushion grooms trails for both ski skating and diagonal stride skiers.
Pincushion is close enough for a few day getaway, and peaceful enough to feel like a real vacation.
Pincushion is similar to bowing or barrel distortion.
Pincushions are cushions.
Pincushions provide a colourful display in early summer.
Some pincushions are both cushion and tape measure.
Some pincushions grow as solitary plants, others, in dense clusters.
A pindolol is medicine
Pindolol has actions beyond blocking the beta-adrenergic system.
Pine beetles attack the evergreen by extracting pitch from the trunk.
Pine City is county seat of Pine County Minnesota.
Pine City is dedicated to the health and wellness of our community.
Pine City is located in Pine County, Minnesota.
Pine City is the largest community in the Snake River Watershed.
Pine City is the Pine County seat.
Pine cones are a great hit too.
Pine cones are a major food staple for many kinds of wildlife.
Pine cones are beautiful holiday accents plain or decorated.
Pine cones are located in forests.
Pine cones are located in roofs.
Pine cones are located in trees.
Pine cones drop in the old garden.
Pine cones forecast unexpected news, probable of a birth.
Pine cones have five swirls headed one direction and eight the other.
Pine cones mature, opening up and releasing the seeds.
Pine cones reach maturity in two years in almost all species.
Pine cones rely on the force of the wind to blow their seeds to a spot where they can grow.
Pine cones show the same sort of feature.
Pine cones vary widely in appearance depending on the species.
Pine cones work, too.
Some pine cones produce spores.
Pine County boasts the largest gambling casino, north of Las Vegas.
Pine Creek enters the northern end of the lake and serves as the only significant tributary.
Pine Creek has a population of approx.
Pine Creek has significant populations of brown, rainbow and brook trout.
Pine Creek holds ample counties of trout for the bait, spin or flyfisherman.
Pine Creek is a cold water creek that includes Pennsylvania s Grand Canyon.
Pine Creek is a large freestone stream, more like a river than a creek.
Pine Creek is good also in the Springs area.
Pine Creek is located in Central Pennsylvania.
Pine Creek is one of the most popular trailheads in the area.
Pine Creek is really cold and continous.
Pine Creek is the best of both worlds.
Pine Creek is the ultimate miniature golf course.
Pine Creek passes nearly through the center of the township from west to east.
Pine Creek passes through some of the most scenic areas in Pennsylvania.
Pine Creek provides the excitement of white water rafting and scenic canoeing through the Canyon.
Pine Creek runs along the north boundary of the camp.
Pine Creek runs through town on the west side.
Pine Creek's up and ready to ride.
Pine Crest receives many scholarship announcements from individual programs.
Pine documentation is available to further explain the use of address books.
Most pine flooring is yellow pine.
Pine forests cover a large part of western Oklahoma.
Pine forests cover much of northern Ontario.
Pine forests cover much of the island, and there are many mineral springs.
Pine forests cover parts of many of the islands.
Pine forests line the mountainsides.
Pine forests march right down to the sea.
Pine forests surround the village.
Pine Island has resale agreements with several national and regional ISPs.
Pine Lake develops, own and manage power plants.
Pine Lake exhibits strong temperature stratification during spring and summer.
Pine Lake has canoes, kayaks and rowboats available for guests' use.
Pine Lake has something for everyone.
Pine Lake is a good lab for poetry.
Pine Lake is an official bird sanctuary and has an active bird-watching club.
Pine Lake is then a short taxi ride away.
Pine Lake offers a unique residential alternative to dorm life.
A pine lily is a lily
Pine lilies occur in wet lands, savannahs and bogs.
Pine martens come out at nights.
Pine martens have diets.
Pine martens have vary diets.
Most pine martens come out at nights.
Most pine martens have diets.
Most pine mills have loggers on quota, but a few reported mill inventories lower than desired.
Pine Mountain watches whitely overhead, shepherd fires glow strongly on the glooming hills.
Pine Mountain works hard to be a good neighbor and steward in our local community.
Pine needles can keep the ground warm, too.
Pine needles can spark and wrappings cause chimney and roof fires.
Pine needles decompose slowly and are less desirable in compost than leaves.
Pine needles decompose slowly, are resistant to compaction, and are easy to work with.
Pine needles form a carpet which discourages regeneration of native forest floor species.
Pine needles make a very good base material for an ericaceous compost.
Pine needles make an excellent mulch because they are porous and moderately acid.
Pine needles make for fine singletrack.
Pine needles start turning brown, waiting patiently on their branches to drop.
Pine needles work best.
Pine nut allergies occur in individuals.
Pine nut allergies occur in sensitive individuals.
A pine nut is a nut
Pine nuts add a unique counter point to the robust kale and sweet raisins.
Pine nuts appear in adequate quantity in various locations throughout Nevada at different times.
Pine nuts are a great addition to cooked spinach.
Pine nuts are a rich source of zinc, selenium and other important vitamins.
Pine nuts are a staple in Mediterranean and Middle Eastern cuisine.
Pine nuts are available in the grocery store in bulk or in jars.
Pine nuts are good raw or toasted.
Pine nuts are in season.
Pine nuts are no exception.
Pine nuts are pricey, but only a small amount in terms of weight is used per recipe.
Pine nuts are super nutritious.
Pine nuts are tasteful when added.
Pine nuts are very pricey, but only a small amount is used per recipe.
Pine nuts contain proteins.
Pine nuts grow in China, Italy, Mexico, North Africa and the southwestern United States.
Pine nuts have a long culinary history and are even mentioned in the Bible.
Pine nuts turn rancid quickly because of the high fat content and keep best in airtight storage.
ALL pine nuts are edible.
Most pine nuts contain proteins.
Pine oil contains sitostanol, which inhibits the absorption of cholesterol into the bloodstream.
Pine River has a variety of lodging and dining options, most right near the trail.
Pine River owes much of it's history to the pine, particularly the white pine.
Pine River shove off.
All pine screens have the most often-used commands listed on two lines at the bottom.
Pine seeds have coats.
Pine seeds have seed coats.
All pine seeds are edible, but most are too small for humans to bother with.
Most pine seeds have coats.
Most pine seeds have seed coats.
Pine squirrels eat diets.
Pine squirrels occur in habitats.
Pine squirrels occur in hardwood habitats.
Most pine squirrels eat diets.
Most pine squirrels occur in habitats.
Most pine squirrels occur in hardwood habitats.
All pine straw is hand-raked and each bale is machine compressed.
Pine street is far calmer than it has been in many days.
A pine tree is a coniferous tree
Pine tree is a sporophyte, and monoecious, having the male and female parts on separate cones.
Pine tree is green, rock peak is white.
Pine trees are a little bit different.
Pine trees are a type of a. nonvascular plant.
Pine trees are a valuable resource in the southeast United States.
Pine trees are abundant in the modern boreal forest, which stretches across the north of Canada.
Pine trees are also on the list.
Pine trees are an important source of wood for building and for pulp and paper.
Pine trees are an order.
Pine trees are conifers.
Pine trees are evergreens.
Pine trees are gymnosperms and produce seeds in cones.
Pine trees are said to have fingers, oaks have arms, lakes cuddle, and the rivers run.
Pine trees are the only hosts of I. sexdentatus .
Pine trees are trees.
Pine trees bear both male and female cones.
Pine trees begin to line the trail as it follows Pine Creek heading west.
Pine trees blow slightly with the wind.
Pine trees border most holes, and water comes into play quite a bit.
Pine trees carpet the mountains.
Pine trees cling to the nearly vertical sides.
Pine trees extend down to the shore offering cool shades.
Pine trees grow only five feet tall.
Pine trees guard the green on the right side of the fairway.
Pine trees have both male cones called pollen cones and female, or ovulate cones.
Pine trees have branches on just the top part of the trunk.
Pine trees have needles that are arranged in bundles of two to five.
Pine trees have needles.
Pine trees have relatively long needles which grow in clusters along the branches.
Pine trees have rings, no matter what state they grow in.
Pine trees have roots.
Pine trees interact with aura in a cleansing manner.
Pine trees line the beach, making it a perfect spot for camping and idyllic relaxation.
Pine trees line the left and right sides of the fairway with heavy rough.
Pine trees living in sandy-textured soils grow better than pine trees grown in clay soils.
Pine trees LOOK pretty.
Pine trees make pine cones.
Pine trees possess both male and female reproductive structures, or cones.
Pine trees provide lots of shade.
Pine trees provide shade at most of the sites.
Pine trees replace olive trees.
Pine trees represent the dominant species in the whole of the lowland part of Poland.
Pine trees rustle in the bluffs.
Pine trees share many characteristics.
Pine trees shiver in vapors.
Pine trees spring up, their needles blanketing the soil with nourishing mulch.
Pine trees stretch as far as the shore.
Pine trees suggest the serenity of the East and the subtle colors convey meditation and reflection.
Pine trees surround the building area.
Pine trees surround the green, which is guarded on the left by a large bunker.
Pine trees surround the shoreline and sandy beaches are typical.
Pine trees thrive in coastal Georgia's soggy, sandy soil.
Pine trees to produce seeds.
Pine trees trap more water in their canopy and they keep leaves or needles all year round.
Pine trees use the energy they produce in a specific order.
All pine trees are edible.
All pine trees grown in Texas are susceptible to attack.
All pine trees have needles in bundles.
All pine trees prefer full sun light.
Most pine trees have roots.
Some pine trees are allelopathic.
Some pine trees produce cones.
Pine Valley has some tough competition.
Pine Valley is an excellent school and it is well-administered.
Pine Valley is kind of like target golf.
Pine Valley is more of an unknown for most golfers, who know the course by reputation only.
Pine Valley is the ideal resort for the entire family.
Pine Valley is the only other valley that currently produces oil in Nevada.
Pine Valley lies on the northern and eastern foot of the Pine Valley Mountains.
Pine woods cover the steep slopes.
Pine absorbs sunlight.
Pine attracts beetles.
Pine cones on the tree.
Pine cupboards in hallway and bathroom which is spacious.
Pine cupboards in kitchen.
Pine finishes well, and is easy to work.
Pine fittings in the bed-room lead to the ensuite bathroom.
Pine grows in climates.
Pine has (part) bark.
Pine has (part) cell membranes.
Pine has (part) cells.
Pine has (part) corpi.
Pine has (part) cytoplasm.
Pine has (part) leaf nodes.
Pine has (part) nuclei.
Pine has (part) pinecones.
Pine has (part) plasma membranes.
Pine has (part) sections.
Pine has (part) stumps.
Pine has (part) tree branches.
Pine has (part) treetops.
Pine has (part) trunks.
Pine has (part) vacuoles.
Pine has (part) xylem.
Pine has appearances.
Pine has bark.
Pine has cones.
Pine has tolerance.
Pine is a coniferous tree
Pine is conifers.
Pine is evergreen trees.
Pine is plants.
Pine is soft wood.
Pine is software.
Pine is wood.
Pine isa conifer.
Pine lives in areas.
Pine needles carpet a wagon trail wandering among the pines and palmettos.
Pine needles from back yard.
Pine relies on pollination.
Pine relies on wind pollination.
Pine tends to be lower in cost and works a little better in masking the scent.
Pine validates groups only on the local server.
Pine works well.
Pines also are easier to care for than hardwood trees.
Pines also grow well in dry conditions in part because their waxy needles conserve water.
Pines also have several insect problems.
Pines anchor themselves with a strong taproot in sandy or well-drained soils.
Pines are a storehouse of basic materials.
Pines are a subgroup of the conifers, which includes all cone-bearing trees.
Pines are actually a lot of fun all year around.
Pines are conifers , and are neither monocots nor dicots.
Pines are conifers.
Pines are evergreens with long, needle-shaped leaves.
Pines are everywhere on campus, but the north grove is the largest and most beautiful.
Pines are exceptions to the airborne pollen rule.
Pines are fine and provide shifting shade.
Pines are major structural elements in their gardens.
Pines are most susceptible to fire when in a young plantation.
Pines are of great importance to wildlife.
Pines are pruned in a special way, called candling, to control growth.
Pines are resistant.
Pines are subject to a number of fungal diseases and insect pests.
Pines are subject to attack by several species of bark beetles.
Pines are the alternate host.
Pines are the best.
Pines are well-known survival food plants.
Pines belong to a group of plants called conifers.
Pines can grow to be very large.
Pines can therefore outcompete angiosperms in sandy soils.
Pines do have a tap roots that goes straight down.
Pines do well in sandy soils and also in sandy loam soils.
Pines furnish the bulk of the southern and eastern pole timber.
Pines give landowners a quicker harvest because they generally grow faster than hardwoods.
Pines grow best in full sun on well-drained, acid soil.
Pines grow throughout the Southeastern United States.
Pines grow very rapidly in the Timberlands Region, which provides a continues supply of wood.
Pines grow worldwide and are the most important conifers that grow in the Northern Hemisphere.
Pines has hot and cold running water and a two-piece washroom.
Pines have long needles in clumps of two to five.
Pines have long, slender needles in groups of two to five.
Pines have two kinds of cones on the same tree, pollen cones and seed cones.
Pines have winged seeds.
Pines having needles in clusters of two or three are preferred.
Pines hold their needles the best even when they dry out.
Pines let in sunshine and there are fossilized rocks in abundance.
Pines live in almost the entire Northern Hemisphere .
Pines live in almost the entire Northern Hemisphere.
Pines normally require little pruning.
Pines planted around homes can develop several problems.
Pines pose little threat to intact masonry foundations.
Pines probably have the most particular pruning requirements.
Pines produce a cluster of buds only at the end of the current season's growth.
Pines produce cones each year.
Pines produce copious amounts of spring pollen.
Pines provide excellent cover for roosting and daytime resting.
Pines provide favorite nesting sites for mourning doves and roosting places for robins.
Pines provide nesting sites for mourning doves and roosting places for robins.
Pines rank as the world's most important source of timber.
Pines seed very efficiently from pine cones.
Pines serve as valuable roosting places for birds and as cover for wildlife.
Pines severely infested by the beetles usually die.
Pines shed their oldest needles in autumn.
Pines stand tall at left, overlooking a rolling red-brown hill.
Pines stay green even in winter dusted white with a light snowfall about once a year.
Pines take advantage of the opportunities after a fire.
Pines tend to cover the ridges, while hay fields and pastures blanket the valleys.
Pines use male and female cones for reproduction instead of flowers.
Pines often make splendid scenery.
All pines yield a certain amount of resin, obtained by tapping the trees.
Most pine absorbs sunlight.
Most pine attracts beetles.
Most pine grows in climates.
Most pine has appearances.
Most pine has bark.
Most pine has cones.
Most pine has tolerance.
Most pine lives in areas.
Most pine relies on pollination.
Most pine relies on wind pollination.
Most pines are fairly drought- tolerant and can become stressed by overwatering.
Most pines are important resources for wildlife, both for food and cover.
Most pines grow rapidly and form straight, tall trunks that are ideal for lumber.
Some pine grows at elevation.
Some pine grows in countries.
Some pine grows in habitats.
Some pine grows in other countries.
Some pine grows in water.
Some pine has ages.
Some pine has rings.
Some pine has symptoms.
Some pine martens eat insects.
Some pine martens live in woodlands.
Some pine martens use cavities.
Some pine produces edible nuts.
Some pine produces nuts.
Some pine shavings release compounds.
Some pine shavings release volatile compounds.
Some pines grow there, sparse on the rocky ground.
Some pines have needles in groups of three.
Some pines occur throughout the state.
Some pines produce resin, a substance used to make such products as turpentine, paint, and soap.
A pineal gland is a gland
Pineal gland makes melatonin, possibly involved in internal clock, jet lag.
Pineal gland resembles a pine cone.
Pineal glands have nerves.
Pineal glands perform tasks.
Pineal glands play roles.
Most pineal glands have nerves.
Most pineal glands perform tasks.
Most pineal glands play roles.
Some pineal glands have effects.
Some pineal glands produce hormone melatonin.
Some pineal glands produce melatonin.
Pineal melatonin is produced during the night.
Pineapple chicken is on everyone's list of favorite things.
Pineapple flowers have similar taste.
Pineapple flowers have taste.
Most pineapple flowers have similar taste.
A pineapple guava is edible fruit
Pineapple guava is a moderately fast growing shrub suitable for most well-drained soils.
Pineapple juice contains the enzyme bromelain.
Pineapple juice is a drink
Pineapple juice Take a few rapid swallows of canned pineapple juice.
Pineapple lilies are native to southern Africa.
Pineapple mint is excellent for jellies and potpourri.
A pineapple plant is a herb
Pineapple plant is biennial.
Pineapple plants are an excellent choice for planting in home landscapes with little open space.
Pineapple plants are well adapted to planting in a container.
Pineapple plants contain enzymes.
Pineapple plants grow from the leafy tops of the pineapple fruit.
Pineapple plants grow slowly.
Pineapple plants grow well in containers.
Pineapple plants have a tiny root system and rely a lot on their leaves for water and nutrition.
Pineapple plants have flowers.
Pineapple plants have pretty flowers.
Pineapple plants have really pretty flowers.
Pineapple plants have two different kinds of roots.
Pineapple plants look like giant, buried pineapples.
Pineapple plants rely on leaves.
Pineapple plants require a frost-free environment.
Pineapple plants require water.
Most pineapple plants contain enzymes.
Most pineapple plants have flowers.
Most pineapple plants have pretty flowers.
Most pineapple plants rely on leaves.
Most pineapple plants require water.
Some pineapple plants produce pineapples.
Some pineapple plants produce up to fruit.
Pineapple sage has light green leaves with a delightfully strong pineapple fragrance.
Pineapple sage is a fall bloomer.
Pineapple sage is hardy in the lower part of the state but is usually grown as an annual.
Pineapple sage is the least hardy variety.
Pineapple sage makes a wonderful addition to fruit salads.
Pineapple sage needs protection from the hot afternoon sun and requires more water than most sages.
Pineapple tart is a Singapore delicacy and is only available during the Chinese New Year season.
A pineapple weed is a herb
Pineapple weed emerges in the spring and lasts into the fall.
Pineapple weed is difficult to control.
A pineapple is a herb
Pineapple can also reduce inflammation because it contains the enzyme bromelain.
Pineapple contains bromelain , an enzyme that helps break down protein.
Pineapple contains lots of liquid, but it also supplies natural sugars.
Pineapple contains the digestive enzyme bromelain.
Pineapple contains the enzyme bromelain.
Pineapple contains the protein-digesting enzyme bromelain .
Pineapple does have some negative attributes as well.
Pineapple grows well in partial shade.
Pineapple has defenses against excessive water loss.
Pineapple has many vitamins and other health benefits that make it a very nutritious fruit.
Pineapple helps dissolve mucus.
Pineapple is a bromeliad which means it takes in water through it's leaves.
Pineapple is a good fruit for health .
Pineapple is a good fruit for health.
Pineapple is a great addition.
Pineapple is a herbaceous, perennial plant of the bromeliad family with large, pointed leaves.
Pineapple is a plant which produces offshoots, as do some palms.
Pineapple is a rich source of the enzyme bromelain, which has strong anti-inflammatory properties.
Pineapple is a terrifically versatile fruit.
Pineapple is a tropical, perennial, drought-tolerant plant.
Pineapple is an excellent source of vitamin C and contains fiber.
Pineapple is an excellent source of vitamin C and manganese.
Pineapple is cinnamon and yellow-sided combination.
Pineapple is more sturdy.
Pineapple is native from South America, Central America and the Caribbean.
Pineapple is one of the principal export products.
Pineapple is original to Latin America.
Pineapple is the most well-known member of the bromeliad family.
Pineapple is the only tropical fruit, apart from bananas, which is consumed nationally.
Pineapple is the second biggest crop in Hawaii.
Pineapple is the universal symbol of friendship and welcome.
Pineapple is thought to have come from somewhere in the area of Paraguay, South America.
Pineapple isa herb.
Pineapple makes a sweetly exotic element in some rum-based mixtures.
Pineapple makes it moist and walnuts give it some crunch.
Pineapple provides the manganese.
Pineapple requires bright light and a moist soil.
Pineapple slices with ginger on top are delicious.
Pineapple stems are a source of the protein-digesting enzyme bromelain used as a meat tenderizer.
Pineapple stems that show anti-tumour activity.
Pineapples also feature in the great works of literature, in films and songs.
Pineapples are a popular special.
Pineapples are also no longer canned on the island of Oahu.
Pineapples are among the most difficult plants to grow without resorting to chemical products.
Pineapples are an acidic fruit.
Pineapples are believed to have originated in Paraguay and the the southern part of Brazil.
Pineapples are bromeliads and appreciate being misted frequently.
Pineapples are bromeliads, some varieties of which can be quite expensive.
Pineapples are citrus fruit.
Pineapples are edible fruit.
Pineapples are especially easy to cultivate.
Pineapples are fairly tolerant of high winds.
Pineapples are fruit.
Pineapples are good examples.
Pineapples are good.
Pineapples are herbs.
Pineapples are juicy fruits.
Pineapples are juicy, mildly acidic, and very versatile.
Pineapples are located in jars.
Pineapples are located in pizzas.
Pineapples are multiple fruits.
Pineapples are part of a group of plants called bromeliads.
Pineapples are part of pineapples.
Pineapples are planted outside during the summer months.
Pineapples are plants.
Pineapples are really very strange things.
Pineapples are similar to bananas in the propogation department.
Pineapples are slow growing plants.
Pineapples are small herbaceous perennial plants.
Pineapples are solid food.
Pineapples are the only edible members of the bromeliad family.
Pineapples are the symbol of welcome and hospitality.
Pineapples break down proteins.
Pineapples contain an enzyme called bromalin.
Pineapples contain dietary fiber.
Pineapples contain enzymes.
Pineapples contain fiber.
Pineapples contain important enzymes.
Pineapples contain many important substances.
Pineapples contain seeds.
Pineapples contain substances.
Pineapples contain the protein-digesting enzyme bromelain.
Pineapples contain viable seeds.
Pineapples flourish in the Pacific, while avocados thrive in Kenya and Israel.
Pineapples get a lot of their water and nutrition through their leaves.
Pineapples grow in countries.
Pineapples grow in full sun, even in the hottest climates, but they also do well in dappled shade.
Pineapples grow in partial shades.
Pineapples grow in shades.
Pineapples grow in tropical countries.
Pineapples grow on a stalk in the center of the mature plant.
Pineapples grow very happily in pots or tubs.
Pineapples grow well here.
Pineapples grow with very little water.
Pineapples have (part) ananases.
Pineapples have (part) cell membranes.
Pineapples have (part) cells.
Pineapples have (part) corpi.
Pineapples have (part) cytoplasm.
Pineapples have (part) nuclei.
Pineapples have (part) peels.
Pineapples have (part) plasma membranes.
Pineapples have (part) sections.
Pineapples have (part) vacuoles.
Pineapples have (part) vegetables.
Pineapples have edible flowers.
Pineapples have enzymes.
Pineapples have flowers.
Pineapples have petals.
Pineapples have properties.
Pineapples have sugar.
Pineapples have violet petals.
Pineapples have vitamins.
Pineapples mean business and are very serious about their great success.
Pineapples need bright light.
Pineapples need light.
Pineapples respond very well to good fertilizer .
Pineapples take between one and three years to produce fruit.
Pineapples thrive in climates that are uniformly warm.
Pineapples use crassulacean acid metabolism to survive arid conditions.
Most pineapple grown in Hawaii is consumed locally.
Most pineapples break down proteins.
Most pineapples contain dietary fiber.
Most pineapples contain enzymes.
Most pineapples contain fiber.
Most pineapples contain important enzymes.
Most pineapples contain many important substances.
Most pineapples contain seeds.
Most pineapples contain substances.
Most pineapples contain viable seeds.
Most pineapples grow in countries.
Most pineapples grow in partial shades.
Most pineapples grow in shades.
Most pineapples grow in tropical countries.
Most pineapples have edible flowers.
Most pineapples have enzymes.
Most pineapples have flowers.
Most pineapples have petals.
Most pineapples have properties.
Most pineapples have sugar.
Most pineapples have violet petals.
Most pineapples have vitamins.
Some pineapples develop from stems.
Some pineapples grow as houseplants.
Some pineapples have effects.
Some pineapples have seeds.
Some pineapples have spines.
Some pineapples help inflammation.
Some pineapples help reduce inflammation.
Some pineapples help reduce severe inflammation.
Some pineapples help severe inflammation.
Some pineapples improve digestive functions.
Some pineapples improve functions.
Some pineapples make calorie dessert.
Some pineapples make dessert.
Pinecone fish have a bioluminescent organ under their eye that they use to signal one another.
Pinecone fishes are nocturnal .
Pinecone fishes are nocturnal.
Pinecone fishes are popular in aquariums , but are expensive and a challenge for the hobbyist .
Pinecone fishes are popular in aquariums, but are expensive and a challenge for the hobbyist.
A pinecone is a reproductive structure
PineCone cosponsors the performance.
Pinecone isa plant part.
Pinecones are also a favourite hiding spot for little beasties such as spiders and earwigs.
Pinecones are cones.
Pinecones are located in state parks.
Pinecones are part of pine.
Pinecones have (part) sections.
Pinecones make a beautiful display, by merely being placed in a basket.
Some pinecones are part of pine.
Some pinecones are part of pinyons.
Pinedale drift is characterized by grayish tan sandy soils with fresh clasts.
Pinedale residents have mixed feelings about that.
Pinedale soils have sandy-skeletal substrata.
Pinetucky soils are moderately well drained.
Ping of death is another example.
Ping pong is a game of skill.
Ping pong is already gender-integrated in most colleges.
Ping pong is like a miniature rehearsal of life.
Ping pong is simple physics, but under stress, the body often works against what physics calls for.
Ping times accross different network links.
Ping times are Great.
A ping is sound
Ping adds reliability to a web site.
PING also organizes occasional tutorials and workshops that are open to the general public.
Ping also wants printed copies of homework and projects.
Ping believes that in any business it is important to maintain strong customer relations.
Ping can also test and record the response time of accessing other companies.
PING can be a very useful diagnostic tool.
Ping checksums each packet it exchanges.
Ping determines whether the computer is running or needs a reboot.
Ping elicits a response from an existing host or gateway machine.
Ping has a system that is fairly standard for the business.
Ping has been know to generate responses on hung systems.
Ping has considerable experience in woodworking, wooden boat building and lumber milling.
Ping has considerable experience in woodworking, wooden boatbuilding and lumber milling.
Ping has several versions.
Ping is a basic application to confirm the presence of a successful link between to internet hosts.
Ping is a configuration request packet of line involving a physical ID of the sender.
Ping is a little boy with a green thumb.
Ping is a low-level method of determining is a specific host is alive.
Ping is a measurement of how long it takes a packet of data to be sent to a computer and returned.
PING is a network diagnostic tool that verifies connectivity to a particular system on the network.
Ping is a powerful network diagnostic tool.
Ping is a powerful test tool in diagnosing connection problems.
Ping is a pretty bad way of measuring netcode.
Ping is a program that uses a raw socket.
Ping is a simple round trip time for a message from one computer to another.
Ping is a testing tool.
Ping is a tool for request replies from a host.
Ping is a tool that helps to verify IP-level connectivity.
Ping is a useful tool to check if the route between two hosts of the Internet is up.
Ping is a utility that asks if a server is responding normally.
PING is a utility that deals directly with system availability.
Ping is a very active, playful little guy.
PING is an excellent tool for network debugging.
Ping is another factor of a player's connection and gaming performance.
Ping is another word for enter.
Ping is available for many computer platforms.
Ping is back.
Ping is currently a research technician in the pharmaceutical industry in Ontario.
Ping is enabled.
Ping is essential.
Ping is faster, however, and generates less network traffic than traceroute.
Ping is generally a better means of checking connectivity on the Internet.
Ping is like knocking on a door and asking if anyone is home.
Ping is more typical.
Ping is primarily a tool for the network savvy, but three ping tests are useful for everyone.
Ping is right about the television.
Ping is slow, sub-map shows many connections down.
Ping is sore enough from wrestling elephant seal pups.
Ping is the amount of speed in milliseconds it takes to connect to the other user.
Ping is used by network administrator for diagnostic problems.
Ping is used primarily to troubleshoot Internet connections.
PING is used primarily to troubleshoot Internet connections.
PING is used to check network reachability of hosts.
Ping is very customizable through switches.
Ping is very lightweight, causing very little network or CPU overhead.
Ping jumps into player-endorsement arena.
Ping just hangs waiting.
Ping kidnappers out there.
Ping measures the time between sending the request and receiving the reply.
Ping occurs while the piston is on the upstroke.
Ping opens a raw socket, and it requires root permission.
Ping operates by sending a packet to a designated address and waiting for a response.
Ping performs the most fundamental tests of network operation.
Ping prides itself on efficiency, and they indeed run a pretty tight ship in the Phoenix factory.
Ping runs on a VGA console with one or two players.
PING sends a packet to the specified address and waits for a reply.
Ping sends four packets of data to the specified computer.
PING sends one packet per second and prints one line of output for every response received.
Ping sends packets to a remote site and measures the time it takes for the packets to return.
Ping Serve a testare se un server raggiungibile su internet.
Ping spies an opportunity to lift a jacket.
Ping still makes good irons.
Ping suffers from an incurable illness.
Ping then records the time the server takes to respond.
Ping transmits the message twice.
Ping When deciding who to download the file from, look at connection speed and ping time.
Ping works a lot like a submarine's sonar.
Ping works the same way sonar does.
Pings are down low, bandwidth is up high, downloads are good and quick again.
Pings are so so lately too.
Pings are sound.
Pings now sort correctly on the join game screen.
Every ping awards a soul one soulbuck.
A pinger is a generator
PingER is good for remote sites with poor connectivity.
PingER only makes measurements to the end node.
Pingers are part of sonars.
Pingers are small electronic beepers designed to warn marine mammals to stay away.
Pingry parents are extraordinarily generous.
Pinguino technology means extra cooling comfort and no messy water buckets to empty.
A pinhead is a head
Pinhead grabs it and looks at it closely.
Pinhead is able to return to earth in the form of a statue.
Pinhead is the ultimate in horror panache.
Pinhead is unleashed and begins a massacre that is unparralled.
Pinhead reappears - in a New York City nightclub.
Pinhead represents our combined experience as a scattered offsite software shop.
Pinhead retires to a Florida beach community and volunteers at a youth soccer camp.
Pinhead thinks of a plan.
Pinhead watches on.
Pinheads are heads.
Pinheads are part of pins.
Pinheads come in all persuasions.
Pinheads Produce and collect lapel pins.
Pinhole cameras are a close second, and they're easy to build from common materials.
Pinhole cameras are small or large, improvised or designed with great care.
Pinhole cameras can be small or large.
Pinhole cameras have no lens, just a tiny opening which lets in enough light to make a picture.
All pinhole cameras have self adjusting electronic iris for various lighting situations.
Many pinhole cameras employ the use of film holders so multiple exposures can be made on location.
Pinhole photography can be a fun, low tech, expressive tool with unlimited options.
Pinhole photography can be like a demanding child whose needs seem to come before anyone else's.
Pinhole photography is a voyage of discovery - a cycle of learning and new ways of seeing.
Pinhole photography is an art of photography based on very simple optical principles.
Pinhole photography is lensless photography, ligth passes through the hole and an image is formed.
Pinhole photography is lensless photography.
Pinhole photography produces images which differ from lens images in several important respects.
Pinhole photography using the UV spectral band is quite simple.
A pinhole is a puncture
Pinhole be somewhat large for brighter and fuzzier image.
Pinhole filters to adjust to low light levels.
Pinholes allow only selected and focused rays to reach the retina.
Pinholes allow only selected and focussed rays to reach the retina.
Pinholes are also excellent for computer operators.
Pinholes are an easier thing to accept because they are the same for all ages.
Pinholes are punctures.
Pinholes are similar but caused by expanding air bubbles under the still soft epoxy.
Pinholes are tiny holes penetrating a glazed surface.
Pinholes have some disadvantages.
Pinholes provide an improved image at ALL distances.
Pining is longing.
A pinion is gear
Pinion discusses every Hardy novel and short story, and has much to say about the poetry as well.
Pinions are gear.
Pinions scrape the wall, hissing through that makeshift preen.
Pinions tolerate drought and alkaline soil, but prefer loose, well-drained soils.
A pinite is a mineral
Pinites are minerals.
Pinites succinifer Four cylindrical sticks of amberoid, ca.
Pinites succinifer One piece of raw pudding-stone amber, ca.
Pinites succinifer One raw piece of white amber, ca.
Pinites succinifer Partially polished piece of Baltic amber, ca.
Pinites succinifer Three spheres of opaque light golden amber, one is ca.
Pinites succinifer Two dishes carved from lemon Baltic amber, ca.
Pinites succinifer Two pieces of partially worked Baltic amber ca.
Pinites succinifer Two unfinished strings ca.
Pinites succinifer Worked oval piece of Baltic amber, clouded bone variety of golden color, ca.
Pink algae grows all over, And turns the water into a cloudy, milky, white swamp.
Pink areas are salt-encrusted waters colored by halobacteria.
Pink areas are where the market crashes.
Pink areas indicate wetlands that have a moderate capacity to sorb dissolved phosphate.
Pink areas indicate wetlands that have a moderate capacity to sorb micronutrients or heavy metals.
Pink armadillos have shells.
Most pink armadillos have shells.
Some pink armadillos use claws.
Some pink armadillos use front claws.
Pink arrows indicate category resorted and order.
Pink arrowheads point to secretory granules.
Pink auroras are very active with a great deal of motion.
Pink baby roses with pink script and ribbon for girls.
Pink badges are nearly red, and they indicate increasing danger.
Pink bands are topically coated natural rubber and are primarily for short-time use.
Pink blossoms fade to white.
Pink bluebonnets are the subject of a very interesting legend.
Pink bougainvillea cascades down sienna stone walls.
Pink box erases the trail.
Pink boxes have some type of questionable data.
Pink bud rot.
Pink calcite is available in tumbled stones.
Pink cards indicate that an item has meat in it.
Pink cards refer to unpatented certificates of survey.
Pink carnations have the most symbolic and historical significance.
Pink carnations sit on brightly colored pink tablecloths.
Pink case mask with beak.
Pink cats are on the front of the shoes.
Pink cloth backstrip over decoratively stamped boards.
Pink color comes from pigment.
Pink color is more uniform than shown in photo.
Most pink color comes from pigment.
Pink copies go inside the boxes.
Pink coral attracts love and encourages compassion.
Pink corals have natural dark pink color strings.
Pink crystals are spessartine.
Pink cybersex have internet and pink wet kiss.
Pink daisies have peach scent.
Pink dog has a go-by on yellow and moves in on the jack, which wrenches right, but pink stays close.
Pink dot indicates issue has an easy fix.
Pink dots appear everywhere.
Pink eddies rotate clockwise, green eddies anti-clockwise.
Pink eye caused by bacteria, viruses, and STDs can spread easily from person to person.
Pink eye is a bothersome, somewhat irritating condition of the eyes that is also very contagious.
Pink eye is a type of infectious conjunctivitis that can cause blindness.
Pink eye is a very common disease.
Pink eye is an inflammation of the outer layer of the eyeball and inner surface of the eyelids.
Pink eye is caused by a viral or bacterial infection and is highly contagious.
Pink eye is caused from smoke , allergies , bacteria , and viruses .
Pink eye is still another common childhood disease.
Pink eye is very contagious.
Pink eye rims, except where the coat color surrounding the eye is white.
Pink eye rims.
Pink fairy armadillos have shells.
Pink feathers are pornographic.
Pink fill indicates an activity meeting more than one day.
Pink fingers unravel and grope like stubby tentacles in the white glare.
Pink flamingos are tacky, too.
Pink flamingos have a long and storied tradition in urban landscapes.
Pink flesh can range in color from pale pink to ruby red.
Pink flesh is smooth to grainy in texture, mild to sweet.
Pink flesh is sweet, juicy, and has fine flavor.
Pink flowers accent the foliage, adding extra dimension to the landscape.
Pink flowers appear in spring, sporadically into late fall.
Pink flowers appear in springs.
Pink flowers are especially good for vinegars, salads, or dried wreaths.
Pink flowers are typical, but there are also whites and reds.
Pink flowers attract insects.
Pink flowers emerge in spring, replaced by large round leaves later.
Pink flowers fade to blue.
Pink flowers fade to salmon.
Pink flowers fade to violet.
Pink flowers glow against the foliage.
Pink flowers grow in many places.
Pink flowers grow in places.
Pink flowers have petals.
Pink flowers splash a fan-shaped tree.
Pink flowers turn blue as they age.
Pink flowers turn light blue.
Pink flowers turn to clusters of white, waxy berries in fall.
Pink flowers turn to pale green fruits.
Pink flowers winter and spring.
Most pink flowers appear in springs.
Most pink flowers attract insects.
Most pink flowers grow in many places.
Most pink flowers grow in places.
Most pink flowers have petals.
Some pink flowers are pollinated by beetles.
Pink forearms distinguish eastern pipistrelles, the most common Missouri cave bat.
Pink form is state floral emblem for Victoria.
Pink forms are also available.
Pink forms are attractive.
Pink forms are preferred.
Pink freshwater dolphins surface near to the canoe, open the tops of their heads and gasp.
Pink glass beads with crystal rhinestones in silver and rhodium plate metal.
Pink glass rains over the floor.
Pink gneiss is the medium grain, well - foliated, biotite type, and contains pink feldspar gneiss.
Pink gold is made by adding more copper than silver.
Pink granite is available in a wide array of sizes.
Pink granite is the most common form.
Pink granite is used for the entrance platforms.
Pink hair looks blonde in anything but medium light.
Pink hats are available in child and adult size ranges, elastic or snap back.
Pink himalayan salt has iodine.
Pink holes suck cream pops.
Pink hoodoos line the draw's sides as ponderosa pine, juniper, and manzanita grow in the bottom.
Pink insulation glares from bare wall studs, and exposed heating ducts dominate the kitchen decor.
Pink jasper is a fertility stone.
Pink leaves decay by the window, twig-books grow up from a work desk.
Pink lines are the fly ash stalls while the blue lines are the manure and hulls.
Pink lines are the major faults.
Pink lipsticks are made by mixing colourless titanium dioxide and red shades.
Pink movies follow certain rules.
Pink noise comes handy here.
Pink noise has an equal amount of energy per octave of bandwidth.
Pink noise has an equal amount of energy per octave.
Pink noise is a fractal sound.
Pink noise is a variant of white noise.
Pink noise is also a major player in the area of complexity , our next topic.
Pink noise is directed into the equalizer.
Pink noise is often the choice for equalizing auditoriums.
Pink noise is white noise that has been filtered to reduce the volume at each octave.
Pink noise sounds softer, less harsh than white noise, a little bit like a low hiss.
Pink oleanders blossom under palm trees.
Pink ones show where core samples of soil have been taken.
Pink orthoclase is distincive.
Pink pages offer foreign language quotations and French proverbs.
Pink panels give extra information that's different in some way from other information on the page.
Pink people are friendly but tend to keep inner feelings hidden.
Pink people are good.
Pink people are very intelligent and contemplative.
Pink petals burst from the apple trees.
Some pink petals surround stamens.
Pink pigments fade considerably in adults at end of breeding season.
Some pink pigment is produced by plants.
Some pink poodles get attention.
Pink pussies are open to close view, they are wet and hot.
Pink rib is due to over maturity.
Pink ribbon is for breast cancer awareness.
Pink ribbons wave from all the doors.
Pink ribbons wave from the doors.
Pink rock faces, like the colour of the legend.
Pink root is strictly a soilborne disease.
Pink roses are especially fragrant.
Pink roses are the roses used to make essential oils.
Pink roses are usually one of two virtually identical varieties grown in Ecuador.
Pink roses mean friendship or sweetheart.
Pink roses signify love, grace, appreciation and gentility.
Pink roses symbolize grace and gentility in modern rose vocabulary.
Pink salmon are found along the Pacific rim of Asia and in North America.
Pink salmon are the most commonly canned species of salmon.
Pink salmon are the most numerous of the salmon species throughout the Section.
Pink salmon are the most numerous of the salmon species.
Pink salmon are the smallest and most abundant species.
Pink salmon attract thousands to coastal Alaska.
Pink salmon have the shortest lifespan of all the Pacific salmon found in North America.
Pink salmon is a better option.
Pink salmon is most abundant.
Pink salmon is the smallest salmon and has a delicate, mild flavor.
Pink salmon is very versatile.
Pink salmon rely heavily on freshwater and nearshore habitats during their life cycle.
Pink satin bow in center back with attached white fur tail.
Pink satin bow in center of bodice.
Pink satin bows adorn the stork and ballons.
Pink satin lines the hat and forms the waist-band of the dress.
Pink seed comes out where beauty is said to be.
Pink sheets are the first step of our record keeping.
Pink sheets raise subtle yang energy, which enhances feelings of love and romance.
Pink shrimp are males for the first year of sexual maturity and then transform into females.
Pink skin has patches.
Pink skin is a permanent identifying mark.
Pink skin is caused by hemoglobin, a pigment in the blood.
Pink skin is easier to identify if the coat is wet or shaved.
Pink skin is the determining factor in the rich cream color.
Most pink skin has patches.
Pink sound contains all the tones the human ear can perceive.
Pink spots are the detected infrared sources.
Pink stock is placed in a vertical line, in between the first three dried strelitzia leaves.
Pink stones bring peace, happiness, joy, and laughter.
Pink stones is a better alternative.
Pink stones promote peace, happiness, joy and laughter.
Pink text portrays what each particular field describes.
Pink tones are abundant.
Pink tongues dive deep into a black hole.
Pink topaz is fairly rare, but highly valued.
Pink topaz is found in Pakistan and Russia.
Pink tourmaline expresses that love to others.
Pink tourmaline helps to transform unconditional self-love into love for others.
Pink tourmaline is available in pendants.
Pink toy penetrates pink lips.
Pink tulips are also a wonderful choice for wedding flowers.
Pink walls create nightmares.
Pink warrior is about to die.
Pink warrior needs food badly.
Pink wildflowers spring from the apron wall, creating an unforgettable image.
Pink are all-girl.
Pink are heterozygotes.
Pink Cloud'- clear, pink flowers, abundantly produced.
PINK Help fight breast cancer by purchasing a case of pink tennis balls.
PINK indicates no shirts.
Pink is color
Pink is color.
Pink is colour.
Pink is flowers.
Pink is pastel color.
Pink seem to be one of the best colors.
Pinks aggressively strike almost any brightly colored lure and are superb fighters on light tackle.
Pinks are circumpolar in distribution, though greatest concentrations occur in the Gulf of Alaska.
Pinks are delicate and soft.
Pinks are flowers that have been prized in gardens for centuries.
Pinks are just plain fun to catch.
Pinks are tender and sweet.
Pinks are too stupid to go around obstacles.
Pinks are youthful looking and usually have translucent skin.
Pinks blend well with soft colours such as lilac, peach and rose.
Pinks bloom first year from seed if started early.
Pinks exhibit uniform coloration from light to reddish pink.
Pinks follow the contours of the intertidal flats, sticking with the deeper submerged channels.
Pinks live only two years.
Pinks make a wonderful and scented bouquet.
Pinks make up more than half the total West Coast commercial catch.
Pinks offer a sense of well being and make people feel affectionate and positive toward others.
Pinks reach maturity in two years.
Pinks respond to fertilization.
Pinks shade into blues and greens, and sounds slow and change pitch.
Pinks take a variety of lures, spinners and flies.
Many pinks are hardy perennials, while others are half-hardy and grown as annuals.
Pinkeye occurs on tubers in wet soil.
Pinkies are good as hookbait for small fish at all times.
Pinkies are the larvae of greenbottle fly.
Pinkies can chill extremely fast.
Pinking shears keep the material edges from fraying when cut.
Pinking shears make nice scalloped edges.
Pinkish clouds contain ice crystals.
Pinkish flowers draw the elegance, warm humanism, and innocence.
Pinkish lighting makes everyone look softer and more beautiful.
Pinkish quartz is called rose quartz.
A pinkness is pink
Pinkness lasts longer, but can easily be covered with make-up or concealer.
A pinky is a finger
A pinky is a minimus
Pinkies are the most sensitive finger.
Pinkies make a satisfactory rearing food.
A pinna is a structure
Pinnae are small, almost rounded.
Pinnae are the feathery segments, or leaflets, into which the frond is divided.
Pinnacle rock makes caisson drilling and puring much more difficult and costly.
A pinnacle is a steeple
Pinnacle asks the court to sever the claims against it.
Pinnacle can help people who are new to the Internet or even to the computers.
Pinnacle can provide excellent control of pigweed and lambsquarters under good growing conditions.
Pinnacle develops process flow diagrams to better evaluate manufacturing operations and methods.
Pinnacle develops, markets, and supports comprehensive store automation systems.
Pinnacle goes way beyond a simple gradebook program for teachers.
Pinnacle is a construction site for a new industrial park development.
Pinnacle is a credit to the industry.
Pinnacle is a growing organization.
Pinnacle is a highly interactive and flexible approach to leadership development.
Pinnacle is a leading provider of wireless communications site rental space in the United States.
Pinnacle is a place of quiet contemplation.
Pinnacle is a specialist in the creditor market.
Pinnacle is in the business of helping clients design and implement effective management solutions.
Pinnacle is one of many houses which arranges the books in an anthology alphabetically by author.
Pinnacle is one of the nation s largest relocation management companies.
Pinnacle is the manufacture of various computer peripherals.
Pinnacle is unmatched at providing engaging speakers who are experts in their field of knowledge.
Pinnacle offers a broad range of services to provide clients with innovative management solutions.
Pinnacle offers challenging assignments, both short and long-term.
Pinnacle writing instruments are the supreme expression of penmaker's art.
Pinnacles also offers interesting hiking.
Pinnacles are buildings.
Pinnacles are located in chinas.
Pinnacles are peaks.
Pinnacles are steeples.
Pinnacles are tops.
Pinnacles has a rich flora and fauna and a complex and spectacular geology.
Pinnacles is a hiking paradise for hikers interested in hiking in the outdoors.
Pinnacles is one of the great hiking and climbing areas in Northern California.
Pinnacles is really quite an amazing park.
Pinnacles is THE natural climbing spot for rockheads in the Bay Area on the weekends.
Pinnacles represent one of the last stages of island volcanoes.
Pinnacles rise in the distance.
Some pinnacles are hollow, some have caves, and some form canyons.
Pinned blades are quicker for blade change, because no holders are required.
A pinner is a cap
Pinners Use a walking foot, if possible, to make the process easier.
Pinning points are a loose plotting technique that is goal-oriented.
Pinnings are promise.
A pinniped is an aquatic mammal
Pinnipeds are aquatic and occupy most oceans and seas.
Pinnipeds are aquatic mammals with flippers, like seals and walruses.
Pinnipeds are carnivorous .
Pinnipeds are carnivorous mammals in which all four limbs have been modified into flippers.
Pinnipeds are carnivorous.
Pinnipeds are clumsy on land, but in the water they are skillful divers and swimmers.
Pinnipeds are excellent swimmers and divers and can remain submerged up to twenty minutes.
Pinnipeds are found all over the world.
Pinnipeds are less modified for aquatic life than are the wholly aquatic cetaceans.
Pinnipeds are mammals.
Pinnipeds are predators, feeding mostly on fish and squid.
Pinnipeds are seals, sea lions, and walruses.
Pinnipeds are the major food of orcas, also called killer whales.
Pinnipeds breed on land or ice, some migrating long dis- tances to isolated islands to do so.
Pinnipeds conserve water and maintain water balance in several ways.
Pinnipeds eat fish, crabs, and other marine animals.
Pinnipeds feed in the ocean, but return to land to mate and bear young.
Pinnipeds generally abound off the Oregon coast.
Pinnipeds go ashore on rocky islets and headlands to breed and rest.
Pinnipeds have a carnivorous diet which varies from species to species.
Pinnipeds have a streamlined, torpedo-shaped body, with all four limbs modified into flippers.
Pinnipeds have fewer teeth than terrestrial carnivores.
Pinnipeds have flippers for hands , big bulky bodies , doggish faces , and big eyes .
Pinnipeds have flippers for hands, big bulky bodies, doggish faces, and big eyes.
Pinnipeds have four flippers - one pair in front, and one pair in back.
Pinnipeds have four flippers - two in front and two in back.
Pinnipeds have many adaptations such as flipper feet, thick fat layers and conical teeth.
Pinnipeds require secluded and undisturbed areas for land-based resting and reproductive activities.
Pinnipeds share five common characteristics with other mammals.
Pinnipeds spend part of their lives in the water but depend on land to give birth and raise young.
All pinnipeds are flesh eaters and feeding behavior and diet vary for each species.
All pinnipeds leave the water at least once a year, at breeding time.
Many pinnipeds live in huge colonies during the breeding season.
Most pinnipeds are carnivorous, migrating to find enough to eat.
Most pinnipeds live in cold water.
Some pinnipeds also have bristly hair for added protec- tion against the cold.
A pinny is a dress
Pinnies have elastic sides to allow for fit.
All pinnies are to be washed and returned clean unless they are needed for the final game.
Pinocytosis involves the transport of a. large particles out of a cell.
Pinocytosis is an activity
Pinocytosis is similar to phagocytosis.
Pinocytosis is the act of grabbing some liquid.
Pinocytosis is the ingestion of fluids and solutes by small vesicles.
Pinocytosis is when the external fluid is engulfed.
Pinocytosis isa process.
Pinocytosis occurs when vesicles form around a liquid or very small particles.
Pinocytosis probably plays a minor role in drug transport, except for protein drugs.
Pinon pine is suitable for ornamental and recreational plantings.
Pinon wood acts as an insect repellent in warmer months.
Many Pinoy oldtimers suffer being treated as newcomers.
Pinoy rock lives in Jersey, man.
Pinpoint accuracy is the most befitting term.
Pinpoint buoyancy is important when diving Tobago.
Pinpoint pupils are a side effect of narcotic abuse.
A pinpoint is a moment
Pinpoint addressing when typed on messages does find matches.
PinPoint is cost effectively licensed on a per computer basis.
Pinpoint passes, perfect pitches, and a beauty of a bootleg that virtually sealed the deal.
Pinpoints are moments.
Pinpoints are points.
Pinpoints causes of rejects, thus saving time and money.
Pinpoints opens, shorts, crossed and split pairs.
Pinpoints scintillate down to our waiting eyes through countless eddies of twisted air.
Pins Pins have limited space on back for engraving.
A pinstripe is cloth
Pinstripes Easily create a pinstripe effect in Photo-Paint.
Pinstripes is a eight foot tall pair of men's suit pants.
Pint isa unit.
Some pints are part of gallons.
Some pints are part of quarts.
A pintail is a duck
Pintail are mainly night feeders.
Pintails are common breeding ducks throughout the state, especially in the coastal tundra areas.
Pintails are ducks.
Pintails are graceful fliers that are capable of high speeds.
Pintails are medium-sized ducks with slender, elegant lines and conservative plumage coloration.
Pintails are of special concern.
Pintails are on the prairie in force and decoying action has been outstanding.
Pintails are still well below their target populations.
Pintails are the first duck to arrive and signal the beginning of winter migration.
Pintails are very wary, long-lived ducks that tend to survive at higher rates than other ducks.
Pintails continue suffering.
Pintails have a love-hate relationship with spring wetlands.
Pintails help a skimboard to be very stable in the water.
A pintle is a pin
Pintles have closing jaws, locking the lunette in .
A pinto is a horse
Pintos are horses.
Pintos are one of the few beans more expensive now than a year ago.
Pintos are particularly high in protein too.
Pintos have a flavor that blends well with many foods.
Pintos have pink skin , blue eyes , and white or multicolored hooves .
Pintos have pink skin, blue eyes, and white or multicolored hooves.
Pintos take the longest.
A pinwheel is a toy
Pinwheels are another option, and especially popular with kids.
Pinwheels are lots of fun.
Pinwheels are miniature windmills.
Pinwheels are so much fun to make and watch spin whether in the use or on a bicycle.
Pinwheels are toys.
Pinwheels are wheels.
Pinwheels tastes sooooooo good.
Pinworm infection affects people.
Pinworm infection causes discharge.
Pinworm infection causes vaginal discharge.
Pinworm infection is fully treatable.
Pinworm infection is most common in cosmopolitan areas in cool and temperate regions.
Pinworm infection occurs worldwide and affects persons of all ages and socioeconomic levels.
Pinworm infections are common in families with small children.
Pinworm infections are detected by finding the eggs or worms on the perianal skin.
Pinworm infections are diagnosed if doctors find adult female worms or eggs around the anus.
Pinworm infections are most common in school-aged children.
Pinworm infections begin and end with eggs.
Pinworm infections can easily spread to others.
Most pinworm infection affects people.
Most pinworm infection causes discharge.
Most pinworm infection causes vaginal discharge.
Some pinworm infection occurs in people.
Some pinworm infection spreads to vaginas.
A pinworm is a roundworm
Pinworm can spread easily between children.
Pinworm is an intestinal infection caused by tiny parasitic worms.
Pinworm is spread very easily to others in close contact with the infected person.
Pinworm is the most common human worm infection in the United States.
Pinworm is the most common worm infection in the United States.
Pinworm isa nematode.
Pinworms affect people worldwide of all ages and walks of life.
Pinworms also have a direct life cycle and commonly cause an obstruction in the intestinal canal.
Pinworms are a common nematode infection in humans.
Pinworms are a common parasitic infestation in the United States.
Pinworms are a less common intestinal parasitism of hamsters.
Pinworms are a relatively common problem among children.
Pinworms are a serious problem to school-age children.
Pinworms are a type of little worm that commonly infects the intestines, often in kids.
Pinworms are a type of nematode called a roundworm.
Pinworms are a type of parasite that lives in the digestive system of humans.
Pinworms are a type of roundworm.
Pinworms are about the length of a staple and live in the rectum of humans.
Pinworms are about the length of a staple.
Pinworms are actually less damaging to the equine system than any other internal parasite group.
Pinworms are an interesting case for a few reasons.
Pinworms are animals.
Pinworms are basically commensal, which means they neither harm nor benefit the host.
Pinworms are big enough to be seen with the naked eye.
Pinworms are common in school-aged children.
Pinworms are common intestinal parasites in mice.
Pinworms are contagious, especially in small children.
Pinworms are contagious.
Pinworms are easy to get.
Pinworms are extremely common intestinal parasites.
Pinworms are extremely common, affecting all ages and people on all social and economic levels.
Pinworms are extremely common.
Pinworms are harmless and are never present very long without causing some anal itching.
Pinworms are highly contagious and can spread through a classroom quite quickly.
Pinworms are microscopic.
Pinworms are more common in crowded conditions.
Pinworms are most active at night.
Pinworms are nematodes.
Pinworms are never around very long before they cause itching.
Pinworms are one of the most common parasites that infect human guts.
Pinworms are parasites.
Pinworms are prolific breeders, with one female able to lay thousands of eggs per day.
Pinworms are small nematode worms that infect the human intestines and rectum.
Pinworms are small nematodes that live in the colon.
Pinworms are small parasites that can live in the colon and rectum.
Pinworms are small, thin parasites.
Pinworms are small, threadlike roundworms found primarily in the colon and rectum.
Pinworms are spread from person to person.
Pinworms are the most common parasitic worm in the United States.
Pinworms are the most common, especially among children.
Pinworms are tiny parasitic worms that live in the large intestine.
Pinworms are tiny, white, thread-like worms that live in the rectum.
Pinworms are traditionally a late season problem in our area.
Pinworms are transmitted to a human host by ingestion of the pinworm eggs.
Pinworms are usually pointedy on the ends.
Pinworms are very common in childhood.
Pinworms are very infectious and can cause a lot of itchiness in the anal area.
Pinworms are visible.
Pinworms are widely present and increasing on tomato.
Pinworms are worms that lay eggs around the anus area.
Pinworms begin their lives in the small intestine.
Pinworms can affect both sexes, all ages, but is most common in children of elementary school age.
Pinworms can also spread from one person to another.
Pinworms can be hard to see.
Pinworms can easily penetrate the skin.
Pinworms can live for as long as two weeks outside the body.
Pinworms cause irritation.
Pinworms cause little damage and can be easily eradicated with proper treatment.
Pinworms cause little damage and can be eradicated easily with proper treatment.
Pinworms cause no harm or discomfort apart from anal itching, and treatment cures most cases.
Pinworms cause severe irritation.
Pinworms enter the body when eggs are swallowed.
Pinworms get into the body when people ingest the microscopic pinworm eggs.
Pinworms have (part) brains.
Pinworms have (part) cell membranes.
Pinworms have (part) cells.
Pinworms have (part) corpi.
Pinworms have (part) cytoplasm.
Pinworms have (part) ears.
Pinworms have (part) faces.
Pinworms have (part) heads.
Pinworms have (part) nuclei.
Pinworms have (part) plasma membranes.
Pinworms have (part) sections.
Pinworms have (part) skulls.
Pinworms have (part) vacuoles.
Pinworms have the most efficient life cycle of all the parasites that infect the horse.
Pinworms infect only humans, living in their intestines and are easily transmitted to other people.
Pinworms is a common intestinal infection which often causes no symptoms.
Pinworms live in intestines.
Pinworms live in people's lower intestinal tracts.
Pinworms live much of their life cycle in human intestines.
Pinworms look like tiny pieces of white thread.
Pinworms occasionally cause nausea and vomiting, too.
Pinworms only infect humans.
Pinworms reappear after treatment.
Pinworms spread easily.
Pinworms stay in gastrointestinal tracts.
Pinworms stay in tracts.
Pinworms take up residence in the large intestine of an infected child.
Pinworms thrive on sugar and refined carbohydrates.
Pinworms travel from the cecum to the rectum to lay eggs around the anus and buttocks.
All pinworms have a conspicuous muscular bulb on the posterior end of the esophagus.
Most pinworms cause severe irritation.
Most pinworms live in intestines.
Most pinworms stay in gastrointestinal tracts.
Most pinworms stay in tracts.
Some pinworms feed on bacteria.
Some pinworms feed on sugar.
Pinworms infections can be asymptomatic or result in mild gastrointestinal upsets.
Some pinyon jays have opportunity.
Pinyon juniper woodlands provide habitats.
Pinyon nuts are delicious and nutritious.
Pinyon nuts are second only to pecans in terms of commercial value.
Some pinyon nuts have values.
Pinyon pines are a hardy species, but it is still important to minimize stress and wounding.
Pinyon pines are the source of the largest wild seed crop in the United States.
Pinyon pines are well-suited to many parts of Colorado.
Pinyon pines grow naturally at several elevations in the American West.
Some pinyon pine grows at elevation.
Pinyon tip moths have many natural predators.
Pinyon tip moths have natural predators.
Pinyon tip moths have predators.
A pinyon is pine
Pinyon isa pine.
Pinyons are a most lovely, soft, dark green.
Pinyons are icons of the Southwest.
Pinyons have (part) bark.
Pinyons have (part) cell membranes.
Pinyons have (part) cells.
Pinyons have (part) corpi.
Pinyons have (part) cytoplasm.
Pinyons have (part) leaf nodes.
Pinyons have (part) nuclei.
Pinyons have (part) pinecones.
Pinyons have (part) plasma membranes.
Pinyons have (part) sections.
Pinyons have (part) stumps.
Pinyons have (part) tree branches.
Pinyons have (part) treetops.
Pinyons have (part) trunks.
Pinyons have (part) vacuoles.
Pinyons have (part) xylem.
Pinyons have membranous tissue.
Pinyons have seeds.
Pinyons have tissue.
Pinyons occupy forest zones.
Pinyons occupy zones.
Pinyons remain the most popular source of fuelwood in New Mexico.
Most pinyons have membranous tissue.
Most pinyons have seeds.
Most pinyons have tissue.
Most pinyons occupy forest zones.
Most pinyons occupy zones.
Some pinyons establish in areas.
Some pinyons grow on rocky slopes.
Some pinyons grow on slopes.
Some pinyons have appearances.
Some pinyons occur in woodlands.
Some pinyons provide food.
Some pinyons replace juniper.
Some pinyons survive fire.
A pion is a boson
A pion is a hadron
Pions are elementary particles.
Pions are mesons.
Pions are particles that consist primarily of a quark and an anti-quark.
Pions are short-lived particles primarily responsible for the nuclear force.
Pions decay into muons and neutrinos, which both come out of the end of the pipe.
Pions decay to produce muons and muon-type neutrinos .
Pioneer awards see below.
Pioneer ornithologists introduce ideas.
Pioneer plants are plants that help create an area where other plants can take root and grow.
Pioneer species are organisms that are the first to live in a uninhabited area.
Pioneer species are the first to colonize an area, followed by more competitive species.
Pioneer species colonize site following disturbance.
Pioneer species consist of a variety of annual plants.
Pioneer species dominate over mature forest species.
Pioneer species includes that can live on bare rock.
Pioneer Valley is a convenient way to find out what's happening in the the Pioneer Valley.
Pioneer Valley is a great way to stay connected to what's happening in the the Pioneer Valley.
Pioneer women retell their stories.
Many pioneer women wove and spun the fabric themselves.
Some pioneer women consider delicacies.
A pioneer is a settler
Pioneer aims to convince corporations to develop marketable skills in the community.
Pioneer claims that their's is slightly more reliable at a lower cost.
Pioneer continues to evaluate and modify labeling as needed.
Pioneer continues to evaluate and modify packaging as needed.
Pioneer delivers value-enhanced products to the market as efficiently as possible.
Pioneer does offer a quality product and fairly consistant new releases.
Pioneer is now freshman .
Pioneer is on the cutting edge and intends to stay there.
Pioneer is on the forefront of industry trends.
Pioneer isa individual.
Pioneer isa person.
Pioneer isa settler.
Pioneer isa somebody.
Pioneer isa someone.
Pioneer offers competitive rates and custom-built terms.
Pioneer offers on-campus students the option of three meal plans each semester.
Pioneer offers support frame structures for assisting customers completing their own installations.
Pioneer plays four playoff teams from last year.
Pioneer provides customer research for clients with specific information needs.
Pioneer specializes in art print reproductions.
Pioneer specializes in powerful, easy to use solutions for both large and small businesses.
Pioneer supplies a decent amount of clean power to all the speakers.
Pioneer verifies the integrity of a task before it can be executed on a computer.
Pioneer weighs in at one ton and can withstand an accumulative total of one million rads.
Pioneer works to be an active partner with the communities where it does business.
Pioneers are a hardy bunch.
Pioneers are always self-assured people.
Pioneers are boys in fifth and sixth grade.
Pioneers are generally the first to acquire new technologies and take the greatest risk.
Pioneers are lonely people.
Pioneers are nuts.
Pioneers are originators.
Pioneers are people who prepare the way for others.
Pioneers are risk-takers.
Pioneers are settlers.
Pioneers are shade-intolerant species.
Pioneers are student leaders and students who live a nonalcoholic or at least sensible lifestyle.
Pioneers become millionaires.
Pioneers believe in helping others.
Pioneers bring out authentic memorabilia.
Pioneers consume extensive budget resources.
Pioneers continue to roll.
Pioneers create building blocks of next industrial revolution.
Pioneers didn t want the herds trampling their land and fences.
Pioneers dismiss fear and stretch limits.
Pioneers do get to do it first, but pioneers often end up with arrows in the back of their necks.
Pioneers do have to deal with a harsh environment.
Pioneers Do Things.
Pioneers estimates fewer than fifty believers reside in the entire province of Montenegro.
Pioneers explore islands and can determine which plants grow in a particular region.
Pioneers face that attitude on a daily basis.
Pioneers get arrows in the chest for their efforts sometimes.
Pioneers get to name things, and computer pioneers are no exception.
Pioneers go astray and soldiers get lost.
Pioneers have (part) arms.
Pioneers have (part) body substances.
Pioneers have (part) cell membranes.
Pioneers have (part) cells.
Pioneers have (part) corpi.
Pioneers have (part) cytoplasm.
Pioneers have (part) heads.
Pioneers have (part) human bodies.
Pioneers have (part) legs.
Pioneers have (part) material bodies.
Pioneers have (part) necks.
Pioneers have (part) nuclei.
Pioneers have (part) personality.
Pioneers have (part) plasma membranes.
Pioneers have (part) sections.
Pioneers have (part) vacuoles.
Pioneers have different needs and far more tolerance for frustration.
Pioneers inOvate people know technology.
Pioneers is a fun group that learns life skills and benefits from adults Christian role-models.
Pioneers is a necessary acquisition.
Pioneers is a progressive company with an excellent reputation.
Pioneers is framed with an oral signature drawn from the family archive.
Pioneers is meant to be fun.
Pioneers just end up with arrows through their hats.
Pioneers learn age-appropriate skills.
Pioneers learn at camp to assemble and disassemble military rifles blindfolded.
Pioneers learn to function in the air in soul bodies.
Pioneers leave Charlotte with clean sweep.
Pioneers make the solid wheels of their ox carts from it.
Pioneers meet for orchestra and chamber music.
Pioneers move into a new territory and develop it.
Pioneers open NWC slate with win.
Pioneers participate in discoveries.
Pioneers pick up a win.
Pioneers rely on skills.
Pioneers roam the galaxy in search of riches and treasures.
Pioneers seek answers.
Pioneers serve as intermediaries between the technicians and potential users.
Pioneers share a common starting point.
Pioneers survive on wit, intelligence and skill, and by definition, they break new ground.
Pioneers think settlers move too slow.
Pioneers toss stuff as they go and pick up new things along the way.
Pioneers always get arrows in their backs, but they keep striving for their mission.
Pioneers always have to pay a higher price.
Pioneers always leave a legacy for others to follow.
All pioneers are adventurers.
All pioneers realize that each man's job is equally important.
Most pioneers participate in discoveries.
Most pioneers rely on skills.
Most pioneers seek answers.
Most pioneers set their sights on just one frontier.
Some pioneers break ground in the research lab.
Some pioneers bring potato.
Some pioneers come back with stories about lands of milk and honey.
Some pioneers create awareness.
Some pioneers find occasions.
Some Pioneers have even twenty years or more of a relationship with the net.
Some pioneers have stew.
Some pioneers seek fields.
Pious agnosticism means acting as if.
Pious exercises nourish the soul with divine thoughts.
Pious heads return to earth at the start of the engines.
Pious people are certainly very much grieved on their death.
Some pious people stand the entire service.
Pious talk is cheap, refusing fat profits is difficult.
Pip marks follow a pattern.
A pip is a seed
PIP die, river crossing etc.
PIP publishes documents called Practices.
Pips are ailment.
Pips are animal diseases.
Pips are part of south parks.
PIPs are performance groups specializing in basketball skills, drills, and tricks.
Pips are seeds.
PIPs are XML data formats and standardized business processes.
Pips create problems where none exist.
PIPs lie at the bottom of a hierarchy headed by clusters and segments.
Pips refuse to understand the full context of the values they are attacking.
Pips reject any response that places their distorted fragments back into context.
Pips uses for making impressions in prehistoric pottery.
Pipa beach is a long beach with desert parts where the surfer like to practice surfing sport.
Pipe bands appear in the last part of the nineteenth century.
Pipe bowls are part of pipes.
A pipe fitting is a fitting
All pipe fittings are to be made of the same stuff as pipe.
All pipe fittings are to be made of the same stuff as the pipe.
A pipe organ is wind
All pipe organs are custom-built.
Pipe plover chicks forage for food.
Pipe plovers feed on insects.
Pipe plovers have calls.
Pipe plovers live in areas.
Most pipe plovers feed on insects.
Most pipe plovers have calls.
Most pipe plovers live in areas.
Some pipe plovers consume invertebrate worms.
Some pipe plovers consume marine worms.
Some pipe plovers consume worms.
Some pipe plovers have birds.
Some pipe plovers reach maturity.
Some pipe plovers reach sexual maturity.
Some pipe smoke causes cancer.
Some pipe smoke causes lung cancer.
Pipe smoking can be more rewarding and economical than cigar smoking, say pipe smokers.
Pipe smoking can be very relaxing.
A pipe is a tube
Pipe isa tube.
Pipe isa tubing.
Pipe ordering online is promised soon.
Pipe stars and bars onto an air bake cookie sheet.
Pipe trim on house front, door and windows as pictured.
Pipes allow processes to communicate with each other.
Pipes allow the output of one command to become the input to another.
Pipes allow the output of one program to be redirected as the input for a second program.
Pipes allow the stdout of one program to become the stdin of another program.
Pipes also allow the output of one process to become the input of another.
Pipes also provide interesting hobbies of collecting and tasting.
Pipes apply only to the two commands or programs which they separate.
Pipes are a commodity product generally used as a conduit to transmit liquids or gases.
Pipes are a underutilized communication medium.
Pipes are an abstraction for filtering packets.
Pipes are an ancient chinese ritual.
Pipes are available in both sandblast and smooth finishes.
Pipes are available in different sizes and numerous models.
Pipes are available on many operating systems.
Pipes are conduits.
Pipes are connections from the host controller to a logical entity on the device named an endpoint .
Pipes are connections from the host controller to a logical entity on the device named an endpoint.
Pipes are containers.
Pipes are cylinders.
Pipes are different.
Pipes are earth-tone colored from golden tan through oranges, browns, reds, dark reds, and black.
Pipes are easier to fix.
Pipes are easy.
Pipes are evil.
Pipes are expensive to build so water becomes more expensive as a city grows.
Pipes are fixed-bandwidth channels.
Pipes are for men.
Pipes are in the ground.
Pipes are indicative of substance abuse just as much as beer mugs are.
Pipes are less likely to freeze if they're exposed to warm air.
Pipes are lined to restore structural integrity and flow as an alternative to replacement.
Pipes are located in water fountains.
Pipes are made of metal.
Pipes are much harder to smoke.
Pipes are often home-made, using whatever equipment is available.
Pipes are one-way, so there's no way to get a direct reply.
Pipes are only acceptable in large parks and cars.
Pipes are part of pipelines.
Pipes are popular with collectors, and blowing glass is a respected art form.
Pipes are quite convenient.
Pipes are sunk down to the reservoirs to pump the oil out.
Pipes are sunk into the ground to release the gas.
Pipes are thus much safer than cigarette smoking.
Pipes are to be returned unsmoked and in the same condition as shipped.
Pipes are tubes.
Pipes are used for smoke.
Pipes are very important items as their smoke was thought to carry prayers.
Pipes are very light in weight that reduces both handling and transportation problems.
Pipes are what things hang from.
Pipes are wind instruments.
Pipes attached to the pallets hold rope that protects the installations from the public.
Pipes blow confetti over the kids, and a hammer dings the bell.
Pipes bring water.
Pipes burst and swing down from the ceiling.
Pipes can be curvilinear and lengths automatically computed.
Pipes can be quite willful.
Pipes can be un-named.
Pipes can burst unless there's someplace for the expanded water to go.
Pipes can carry a lightning hit.
Pipes can clog.
Pipes can develop a sour taste from lack of regular cleaning.
Pipes can freeze if they are located in or too close to exterior walls.
Pipes can freeze just as water-bowls can.
Pipes can shift or be crushed and the soil compacted.
Pipes can vibration in three orthogonal directions just like a machine.
Pipes carry debris.
Pipes carry heat.
Pipes carry hot water.
Pipes carry liquids.
Pipes carry steam to power the generator at the power plant.
Pipes carry water.
Pipes collect the leachate so it can be treated safely.
Pipes come in a variety of sizes and styles, but the method of smoking is still generally the same.
Pipes connect all of the individual elements together, much as a simple plumbing system is designed.
Pipes connect to sources.
Pipes connecting homes to the sewer system are four inches in diameter.
Pipes contain matter.
Pipes contain particulate matter.
Pipes contain water.
Pipes convey the rainwater from the gutters it to one or more storage tanks.
Pipes deliver water to homes and businesses at a higher pressure than the air outside.
Pipes deliver water.
Pipes direct the die spray to the trenches and oil to a separate holding area.
Pipes enter exterior walls.
Pipes enter walls.
Pipes fill with water.
Pipes freeze here, too.
Pipes freeze underground.
Pipes go all the way down to where the water is in the ground.
Pipes have (part) pipe bowls.
Pipes have (part) readsides.
Pipes have (part) sections.
Pipes have a fixed size.
Pipes have air chambers.
Pipes have chambers.
Pipes have one drawback and that is that they have an allocated size that they are unable to exceed.
Pipes have places.
Pipes have to be sized accordingly.
Pipes Identify the different types of pipes used with copper, cast iron, plastics, and carbon steel.
Pipes interconnect between the ports representing the data flow connections.
Pipes is a controversial figure in academic and political circles.
Pipes is a liar and a hack, also a fool.
Pipes is all right.
Pipes located on outside walls, in basements or in crawl spaces are particularly vulnerable.
Pipes now carry the raw sewage and wastewater to a treatment facility instead of to the river.
Pipes provide a way to get the output of one command into another command.
Pipes read or write bytes to a virtual file in memory.
Pipes remove methane gas and leachate from the cells.
Pipes risers to be bolt on type.
Pipes run along walls.
Pipes run off dark tubes.
Pipes run through the box.
Pipes run through the room, and every noise is faithfully transmitted through the thin walls.
Pipes running through the sewers become an improvised sink for an early morning wash.
Pipes says bluntly.
Pipes search for one word, and then within that set of results, for another.
Pipes seem to be improvising, interesting primitive quality to the sound.
Pipes shed a whole new light on bringing sunshine indoors.
Pipes sing, worms turn, twigs snap, wood swells, old-stinking and nostalgic.
Pipes transport materials.
Pipes use designated pipe textures, nothing else.
Pipes using bellows occur in many parts of Europe, and in many forms in Britain.
Pipes withdraw water for local villagers' use.
Pipes work on a first in first out basis.
Pipes work only on the same computer as they use shared memory for data transfer.
Pipes writes that there are three possible outcomes of the crisis in Russia.
Pipes always go out but they have something to occupy their time while driving.
Pipes frequently burst.
All pipe is in the ground.
All pipe is owned by the farm.
All pipe is to be holed throughout the entire length.
All pipe is to be hollow throughout the entire length.
All pipe is to be made of a long hole surrounded by metal centered around the hole.
All pipe is to be made of a long hole surrounded by metal or plastic centred around the hole.
All pipe is to be made of a long hole, surrounded by metal concentric to the hole.
All pipe is to be made of a long hole, surrounded by metal or plastic centered around the hole.
All pipe is to be made of a long hole, surrounded by metal or plastic centred around the hole.
All pipe is to be made of a long hole, surrounded by metal or plastic, centered around the hole.
All pipe is to be made of the very best quality, perfectly tubular or pipular.
All pipe is to be of very best quality, perfectly tubular or pipular.
All pipes are African blackwood, fully combed and beaded.
All pipes are dead hung.
All pipes are in excellent condition.
All pipes are unique as they are made and finished by hand.
All pipes feature hidden mounting systems that fit perfectly with stock exhaust hanger brackets.
All pipes have acrylic stems.
All pipes receive a final carnauba wax finish to protect the briar naturally.
Every pipe is handcrafted and imported from Delphi, India.
More pipes freeze.
More pipes transport synthetic gas from North Dakota.
Most pipes bring water.
Most pipes carry debris.
Most pipes carry heat.
Most pipes carry hot water.
Most pipes carry liquids.
Most pipes carry water.
Most pipes connect to sources.
Most pipes contain matter.
Most pipes contain particulate matter.
Most pipes contain water.
Most pipes deliver water.
Most pipes enter exterior walls.
Most pipes enter walls.
Most pipes fill with water.
Most pipes freeze up as a result of cold air getting inside the building.
Most pipes have air chambers.
Most pipes have chambers.
Most pipes have places.
Most pipes run along walls.
Some pipes are longer than others.
Some pipes are low end some are mid range and some are top end pipes.
Some pipes carry byproduct.
Some pipes carry chemicals.
Some pipes carry flammable chemicals.
Some pipes carry waste.
Some pipes come into contact.
Some pipes conduct electricity.
Some pipes connect places.
Some pipes consist of hollow pipes.
Some pipes consist of pipes.
Some pipes contain tobacco.
Some pipes have alternatives.
Some pipes have resonance.
Some pipes know as tubules.
Some pipes support telephone poles.
Some pipes surround notochords.
Some pipes transmit electricity.
Pipefish males provide more parental investment than pipefish females.
A pipefish is a bony fish
Pipefish are common in bays, tide pools, lagoons and other slopes of coral reefs around the world.
Pipefishes feed on minute crustaceans that they find in clumps of aquatic vegetation.
Pipefishes look like straight-bodied seahorses with tiny mouths .
Pipefishs are fish.
Some pipefish have unique habitats, including one species that lives in a sea cucumber's intestines.
Some pipefishes mate promiscuously.
Pipeline explosions can happen at any time anywhere in the country.
Pipeline safety is about people and the environment.
Pipeline safety is always a concern.
Pipeline safety is important, but an even bigger threat lies at the consumer end of the pipe.
Pipeline safety is of great interest to Washington State residents.
A pipeline is a pipe
Pipeline brings fears of environmental damage.
Pipeline draws material from an extensive archive of interviews and recorded music.
Pipeline enables capital equipment vendors to accelerate revenue recognition.
Pipeline enables customization for staff and students.
Pipeline features huge, death-defying barrels breaking over a shallow reef.
Pipeline goes underground to the right to allow the caribou to cross.
Pipeline integrates virtually any type of application through a variety of application interfaces.
Pipeline involve high capital costs and routing can be inflexible.
Pipeline is a big wave that turns into a small wave.
Pipeline is a web portal that supports both customization and personalization .
Pipeline is also available online .
Pipeline is as urban as it gets when it comes to play paddling.
Pipeline is currently in a hiring mode.
Pipeline is in the channel and Mariners are advised to use caution while in the area.
Pipeline is on hold until more resources can be secured.
Pipeline is two separate businesses, both run from the same location.
Pipeline is very structurally correct with heavy bones, tremendous muscling and length.
Pipeline looks for the modules in the whitespace separated list in list order.
Pipeline pumps transferring oil from a free-water knockout vessel gas locked and ceased pumping.
Pipeline stages Each step in a pipeline is called a pipe stage .
Pipelines are a fact of life.
Pipelines are a law-enforcement problem within countries.
Pipelines are a pervasive and complex feature of the microarchitectural level.
Pipelines are a very profitable business.
Pipelines are basically about event consumption, where the events are modeling XML data.
Pipelines are both a safe means of transport and easy on the environment.
Pipelines are buffers.
Pipelines are color coded to names.
Pipelines are common to all units of the Area.
Pipelines are eco-friendly transportation mode.
Pipelines are extremely unsafe.
Pipelines are for display and reference purposes and locations shown are approximate.
Pipelines are made of metal .
Pipelines are made of metal.
Pipelines are often invisible.
Pipelines are pipes.
Pipelines are the different paths in a processor that process instruction simultaneously.
Pipelines are the most economical and safest means of transporting oil and gas over long distances.
Pipelines are the principal method of natural gas transportation.
Pipelines are the safest and cheapest way to move large quantities of petroleum across land.
Pipelines are time bombs waiting to explode.
Pipelines are under planning.
Pipelines are worldwide risk for our inviroment, because they can break and produce a leakage.
Pipelines argue that since deregulation, there is no justification for the higher tax rate.
Pipelines can be effective and safe.
Pipelines can break.
Pipelines can rupture.
Pipelines carry many hazardous materials.
Pipelines carry oil products to Bat umi, Georgia, on the Black Sea.
Pipelines constructed of brittle materials are the most vulnerable.
Pipelines exist for a single purpose, to cater to consumer s economic demand for oil products.
Pipelines have the right of eminent domain in Washington and most other states.
Pipelines move oil long distances by pumping.
Pipelines occupy key position in the petroleum sector logistics.
Pipelines offer several other advantages over pasture dugouts.
Pipelines offers deeper water and quick migration routes between large lakes or bays.
Pipelines prevent loss of water by evaporation and seepage.
Pipelines promote use of natural gas, which burns cleaner than oil or coal.
Pipelines provide a vital transportation service to America.
Pipelines represent a major transporter of petrochemical commodities in Texas.
Pipelines require reconfiguration to operate when the remote end point address changes.
Pipelines run from the south to the north, to Russian ports in the northern Black Sea.
Pipelines transferring oil to vessels is valued separately, however.
Pipelines transport crude oil to refineries, a process that takes ten days on average.
Pipelines typically levy a charge of a portion of each shipper s natural gas to cover losses.
Pipelines often yield special weapons and power-ups, so are usually worth the effort.
Pipelines usually discharge below the low water mark.
Many pipelines run parallel to each other and create ideal structure for speckled trout.
Some pipelines send in revised numbers.
Pipelined designs are well structured and map well onto configurable devices.
Pipelined implementation requires more module area but produces faster execution time.
Pipelined parallelism is used to meet the throughput requirement.
A piper is a musician
Piper appreciates the irony of unintended consequences over time as well.
Piper believes in justification by faith alone apart from good works.
Piper combines good pay and benefits with rewarding work.
Piper covers state and local issues.
Piper gives several examples of friction between the military commanders and medical staff.
Piper goes for the bat right away.
Piper invests for a significant minority stake.
Piper isa musician.
Piper knows how to do that, too.
Piper melds the human form with nature to express the connection all things have to one another.
Piper plays outro from rear of theatre.
Piper sets out to show from Scripture why enjoyment is a necessary part of life.
Piper stops time, literally.
Pipers are accustomed to that lonesome role.
Pipers are bad.
Pipers are evil.
Pipers are in town.
Pipers are musicians.
Pipers are plants.
Pipers have (part) arms.
Pipers have (part) body substances.
Pipers have (part) cell membranes.
Pipers have (part) cells.
Pipers have (part) corpi.
Pipers have (part) cytoplasm.
Pipers have (part) heads.
Pipers have (part) human bodies.
Pipers have (part) legs.
Pipers have (part) material bodies.
Pipers have (part) necks.
Pipers have (part) nuclei.
Pipers have (part) personality.
Pipers have (part) plasma membranes.
Pipers have (part) sections.
Pipers have (part) vacuoles.
Pipers have greater earning potential as they get cash for solo gigs.
Pipers have jobs.
Pipers have two lessons each week after school hours.
Pipers is a rugged pool.
Pipers is also available for banquets and meetings.
Pipers is open for breakfast, lunch, and occasionally dinner.
Pipers learn on what is called a practice chanter .
Pipers unite,one large band to cover the world.
Pipers warm up before the Decatur Island performances.
Pipers wear a skein-duhb.
Pipers wear their traditional clan tartan in a kilt or the tartan of the pipe band.
Most pipers have jobs.
Some pipers discover magic.
Some pipers find places.
Some pipers find right places.
Some pipers have breakfasts.
Some pipers have careers.
Some pipers have possessions.
Some pipers have wives.
Some pipers lie on floors.
Some pipers reach goals.
Some pipers return to manors.
Some pipers see fathers.
Some pipers use a head hair jammed at the fixed end of the tongue.
A piperazine is medicine
Piperazine does have a wide margin of safety.
Piperazine is an older compound that is little used now except in persistent infections.
Piperazine is the most commonly used drug for the treatment of ascarides.
Piperazine is used as prevention and cure .
Piperazine paralyzes the roundworm which is then passed, alive, out of the body with the feces.
Piperazine takes care of that.
Piperazine works by paralyzing the worms.
Piperazines are amine.
Piperazines are chemical compounds.
A piperine is a substance
Piperine has a long history of use in some types of traditional medicine.
Piperine is a chemical found in black peppers.
Piperine is a component of black pepper which causes sneezing.
Piperine is a potent inhibitor of drug metabolism.
Piperine is extracted from black pepper using dichloromethane .
Piperine offers the extra benefit of assisting the body in nutrient absorption.
Piperines are alkaloids.
Piperines are chemical compounds.
A pipet is an instrument
Pipets are one of the the basic tools of school and research laborotories.
Pipets deliver the most accurately measured volume of a liquid.
A pipette is an instrument
Pipettes are a useful way for transferring ephyrae and small jellies of any species.
Pipettes are devices that allow the users to extract or deliver small amounts of a liquid.
Pipettes are disassembled and cleaned ultrasonically.
Pipettes are excellent for moving liquids.
Pipettes come in a variety of designs with only two shown.
Pipettes function like a small turkey blaster with a squeeze bulb on the end.
Pipettes tend to release bubbles of air that burst droplets of residual fluid.
A pipework is wind
All pipework is in wood.
All pipework is internal to ensure that the product is always pumpable.
All pipework is plastic so the unit is compatible with all types of disinfectants.
Piping are cord.
Piping are flowing.
Piping are playing.
Pipistrelle bats eat insects.
Pipistrelle bats hibernate during winter.
A pipistrelle is a vespertilionid
Pipistrelle isa bat.
Pipistrelles eat flies, grain moths and other insects.
Pipistrelles eat flies, grain moths, and other insects.
Pipistrelles fly at or slightly above head height with irregular twists and dives.
Pipistrelles have (part) brains.
Pipistrelles have (part) breasts.
Pipistrelles have (part) cell membranes.
Pipistrelles have (part) cells.
Pipistrelles have (part) chest cavities.
Pipistrelles have (part) chests.
Pipistrelles have (part) corpi.
Pipistrelles have (part) cytoplasm.
Pipistrelles have (part) ears.
Pipistrelles have (part) faces.
Pipistrelles have (part) flight feathers.
Pipistrelles have (part) heads.
Pipistrelles have (part) nuclei.
Pipistrelles have (part) pedal extremities.
Pipistrelles have (part) piluses.
Pipistrelles have (part) plasma membranes.
Pipistrelles have (part) quill feathers.
Pipistrelles have (part) rib cages.
Pipistrelles have (part) sections.
Pipistrelles have (part) skulls.
Pipistrelles have (part) sterna.
Pipistrelles have (part) vacuoles.
Pipistrelles have (part) vertebrate feet.
Pipistrelles have (part) wings.
Pipistrelles have flight patterns.
Pipistrelles have patterns.
Pipistrelles take wing early in the evening and make short, elliptical flights at treetop level.
Pipistrelles use echolocation.
Most pipistrelles have flight patterns.
Most pipistrelles have patterns.
Most pipistrelles use echolocation.
Some pipistrelles carry babies.
Some pipistrelles feed on insects.
Some pipistrelles form colonies.
Some pipistrelles form nursery colonies.
Some pipistrelles have calls.
Some pipistrelles have short ears.
A pipit is a bird
Pipits are ground nesters , laying up to six speckled eggs .
Pipits are ground nesters, laying up to six speckled eggs.
Pipits are morphologically similar to some larks .
Pipits usually summer above the Arctic Circle and winter in the southern states.
Piquant characters stir the author's productivity.
Piquant grapes grow on rows of orderly vines.
Piquant humor underscores the moral of the fable.
Pique is cloth
PiQUE is Environmentally Responsible.
PiQUE is probably the best-designed office furniture series today.
Piracy of software is a form of theft that puts the university at a considerable risk.
Piracy of software sends the wrong message about our values.
Piracy accounts for substantial losses for the computer industry every year.
Piracy is a hijacking
Piracy is actions.
Piracy is acts.
Piracy is human activities.
Piracy is robberies.
Most piracy involves whatever the pirates can carry away.
Most piracy is donein data.
PiranaZ sportswear is an extreme, cutting-edge apparel company.
Pirandellian characters move between illusion and reality.
Piranesi prints hang between each window.
Piranga species pick insects from leaves, or sometimes in flight.
Piranha solutions increase the speed of Web pages and maximize bandwidth and storage.
A piranha is a bony fish
Piranha isa attacker.
Piranha provide care for their young.
Piranhas are able to detect blood in the water using the same sensory system as sharks.
Piranhas are better scavengers than they are pursuers.
Piranhas are but one of many perils to be found in and around the rivers of South America.
Piranhas are fish, they live among many hundreds of millions of other fishes, and they eat fishes.
Piranhas are fish.
Piranhas are for the most part, carnivores.
Piranhas are like any other animal the scratch when they itch.
Piranhas are mainly scavengers, and feed off of dead animals carcuses usually.
Piranhas are often a delicious and popular food where they are found.
Piranhas are only a few inches long, but they have razor sharp teeth.
Piranhas are only native to South America.
Piranhas are partly bluish green on the top and the sides with red bellies.
Piranhas are probably the most difficult fishes to set up in a community tank.
Piranhas are quick to bare their teeth, but slow to praise.
Piranhas are so brutal they are known to even eat their own babies.
Piranhas are timid fish and only really attack when feel threatened and incredibly hungry.
Piranhas catch prey.
Piranhas eat animals.
Piranhas eat dead animals.
Piranhas eat flesh.
Piranhas eat meat.
Piranhas feed on fish.
Piranhas feed on whole fish.
Piranhas have (part) arms.
Piranhas have (part) body substances.
Piranhas have (part) cell membranes.
Piranhas have (part) cells.
Piranhas have (part) corpi.
Piranhas have (part) cytoplasm.
Piranhas have (part) heads.
Piranhas have (part) human bodies.
Piranhas have (part) legs.
Piranhas have (part) material bodies.
Piranhas have (part) necks.
Piranhas have (part) nuclei.
Piranhas have (part) personality.
Piranhas have (part) plasma membranes.
Piranhas have (part) sections.
Piranhas have (part) vacuoles.
Piranhas have a dorsal fin, adipose fin, pectoral fin, anal fin and a tail fin.
Piranhas have a reputation as ferocious predators that hunt their prey in schools.
Piranhas have a single row of very sharp teeth and have a voracious appetite for meat.
Piranhas have fins.
Piranhas have one of the strongest bites found in bony fishes.
Piranhas have razor teeth.
Piranhas have round scales that are all of the body of the fish.
Piranhas have teeth.
Piranhas have the reputation of being among of the fiercest predators in the aquatic realm.
Piranhas need flesh.
Piranhas seem to spend most of their time eating and then resting after a big mean.
Piranhas supplement diets.
Most piranhas have razor teeth.
Pirate adventures are legendary, especially here along the North coast of Florida.
Pirate bugs are present all summer in fields, woodlands, gardens and landscapes.
Pirate bugs are the good guys compared to the pests they devour.
Pirate bugs have the greatest impact on external feeding species of beetles and moths.
Pirate copies are a fundamental problem for software publishers all over the world.
Pirate fishing is a global problem.
Pirate fishing is rife in the Southern Ocean around Antarctica.
Some pirate flags have multiple purposes.
Some pirate flags have purposes.
Pirate goods are common.
Pirate lore is everywhere in the Virgin Islands.
Pirate perch are found only in North America.
Pirate perch are solitary fish.
Pirate perches have dorsal fins.
Pirate perches have fins.
Pirate perches have single dorsal fins.
Pirate perches have single fins.
Most pirate perches have fins.
Most pirate perches have single dorsal fins.
Most pirate perches have single fins.
Pirate radio can only be subversive if it attacks the rules of society.
Pirate radio is about taking back the airwaves.
Pirate radio is an important part of the story.
Pirate radio knows no such social boundaries.
A pirate ship is a ship
Pirate ships seem to pop up everywhere at Disneyland.
Pirate software is for sale everywhere.
Pirate software is forbidden.
Pirate stories abound in the islands around the tropics.
Pirate videos are widely available in video shops, street kiosks, and open-air markets.
A pirate is a thief
Pirate continues with ratty signal obliterating everything a half a meg in each direction.
Pirate copies a serious threat to telecom industry .
Pirate is a terrific pony.
Pirate is effective against other caterpillar pests such as bollworms, loopers and fall armyworms.
Pirate is only open on weekends, and shows change frequently.
Pirate isa raider.
Pirate stay up all day and all night.
Pirates also enjoy virtual anonymity through multiple screen names, the paper says.
Pirates also seem to enjoy hot sauce.
Pirates are a popular discussion topic among cruisers in the area.
Pirates are capable of sail ships.
Pirates are criminals.
Pirates are fairly benign as a group, at least by comparison to serious system crackers.
Pirates are films.
Pirates are good.
Pirates are hobbyists who enjoy collecting and playing with the latest programs.
Pirates are located in boats.
Pirates are located in sea.
Pirates are mean.
Pirates are no respecters of nationality or culture.
Pirates are nothing without their treasure.
Pirates are pretty cool.
Pirates are sailors.
Pirates are ships.
Pirates are stations operating openly with out official licences from any country.
Pirates are the enemy of creativity and all creators.
Pirates are very obliging.
Pirates attack a city in Borneo.
Pirates attack the ship.
Pirates board an opponent as soon as possible to get the gold and other goods.
Pirates board the ship in a spectacular vision of aerial stunts and dynamic acts of physical skill.
Pirates can enjoy it as long as they keep a low profile.
Pirates can join a crew, which in turn joins a flag.
Pirates care nothing for participating in the electoral process.
Pirates come so very close .
Pirates Comes with all the action, dangers, and excitement as the real thing.
Pirates commit robbery on the high seas.
Pirates continue to plague merchant shipping today.
Pirates crave something else, typically revenge or retribution.
Pirates desire booties.
Pirates differ from sea raiders known as privateers.
Pirates dress very flamboyantly, very sexy.
Pirates fight with old weapons, discarded and stolen junk, most of which is obsolete.
Pirates get back on track after rocky regular season end.
Pirates get to dress funny, wave swords, shoot cannons, and swing from the mizzenmast.
Pirates have (part) arms.
Pirates have (part) body substances.
Pirates have (part) cell membranes.
Pirates have (part) cells.
Pirates have (part) corpi.
Pirates have (part) cytoplasm.
Pirates have (part) heads.
Pirates have (part) human bodies.
Pirates have (part) legs.
Pirates have (part) material bodies.
Pirates have (part) necks.
Pirates have (part) nuclei.
Pirates have (part) personality.
Pirates have (part) plasma membranes.
Pirates have (part) sections.
Pirates have (part) vacuoles.
Pirates have a much simpler code of conduct.
Pirates have a tendency to target the larger vessels that are carrying the more valuable cargo.
Pirates have lots of resources at their command.
Pirates have no interest in type, they have an interest in the use that people have for type.
Pirates have parties here.
Pirates have so much more style and finesse.
Pirates have swords.
Pirates have to pay a price.
Pirates hide stolen treasure to protect it from being stolen yet again.
Pirates increasingly have access to communications monitoring equipment.
Pirates is a royal treat for the entire family.
Pirates is embroidered on the left thigh.
Pirates is no exception.
Pirates just buy one copy of the software and duplicate it.
Pirates kill innocent merchantmen for profit - or pleasure.
Pirates know locations.
Pirates know no frontiers.
Pirates make money with their low prices, while genuine businesses suffer.
Pirates make they're way through life by preying on the welfare of others.
Pirates parade down the streets tossing beads and coins to the onlookers.
Pirates plays a short tune when the program is first run.
Pirates pose an additional problem.
Pirates respect no borders and repell all boarders.
Pirates ride wild finish to victory Talk about a wild game.
Pirates seek to replace longtime basketball, tennis mentor.
Pirates set sails.
Pirates steal and are sadistic.
Pirates take over the ship and tie up the crew.
Pirates take prisoners by force.
Pirates take the initiative to excel above all others.
Pirates thrive on causing confusion.
Pirates trail by two points, but they have a game in hand.
Pirates tumble from the rigging, hanging upside down by a snagged heel.
Pirates often fill a market demand legitimate producers are unable to meet.
Pirates often have to make difficult choices.
Pirates often jam the seaways.
Pirates often wear one hoop earing.
Pirates often work well together since they score so poorly in general.
Pirates usually target oil tankers in the Malacca Strait because they have few crew members.
Pirates usually target the ship's stores, safe, and the crew's valuables.
All pirates are welcome to come sell their wares.
Every pirate is a little bit crazy.
Every pirate is also an artist.
Most pirates know locations.
Some pirates come to freedom.
Some pirates feel burdens.
Some pirates have servers, some just use free internet hosting.
Some pirates involve in battles.
Some pirates use boats.
Piratings are criminal acts.
A pirogue is a canoe
Pirogues are a triangular shaped dough filled with potato and cheese.
Piroplasms cause tremendous losses of livestock in endemic areas.
Piscean cats are dreamers who like nothing better than to chase after shadows and insects.
Piscean children can be very emotional.
Piscean colors are pale green, purple, rose, and gray-blue.
Piscean dogs are dreamers who like nothing better than to chase after shadows and butterflies.
Piscean men are idealist, complex, romantic and unforeseeable, but also touchy and sensitive.
Piscean sensitivity reacts like blotting paper to the atmosphere.
Piscean women are full of mystery.
Piscean women are romantic, sweet and fragile.
Piscean women wear long floaty dresses and enormous amounts of unusual silver jewelry.
Piscivorous birds are carnivores that enjoy a diet of fish.
Piscivorous fish play an important role in regulating lake food web structure.
Pisecean elements balance the righteous and and criminal both.
A pistachio nut is a nut
Pistachio nuts are a foremost export item among Iran's agricultural products.
Pistachio nuts are a prime product.
Pistachio nuts are cholesterol free, high in fiber, and low in saturated fat.
Pistachio nuts are especially rich in phytosterols.
Pistachio nuts are native to the Middle East.
A pistachio tree is a nut tree
Pistachio trees produce a green shell with purple skin.
A pistachio is a nut
Pistachio isa nut.
Pistachios are a native plant to desert environments.
Pistachios are also low in saturated fat and are cholesterol-free.
Pistachios are also low in saturated fat and cholesterol free.
Pistachios are an interesting nut, a little different from the others.
Pistachios are available shelled or unshelled, salted or unsalted, roasted or raw.
Pistachios are intolerant of high humidity during the growing season due to disease susceptibility.
Pistachios are low in saturated fat and cholesterol free.
Pistachios are nut trees.
Pistachios are nuts.
Pistachios are one of the very best food sources of plant based phytosterols.
Pistachios are part of pistachios.
Pistachios are plants.
Pistachios are wind pollinated.
Pistachios have (part) kernels.
Pistachios have (part) sections.
Pistachios have male trees that produce pollen and female trees that produce fruit.
Pistachios thrive in hot, dry desert-like conditions like the central California valley.
A pistia is a hydrophytic plant
Pistia is aquatic and often fouls waterways.
A pistil is a reproductive structure
Pistil isa plant part.
Pistils are fertilized by pollen.
Pistils are hairless.
Pistils are made of one carpel or more than one assembled carpels.
Pistils are usually larger and longer than normal and occasionally become abnormally shaped.
Pistils consist of sticky stigma.
Pistils consist of stigma.
Pistils contain ovules.
Pistils contain stigma.
Pistils grow fruit.
Pistils have (part) sections.
Pistils have (part) stigma.
Pistils have ovoid ovaries covered by short, stiff, glandular hairs.
Pistils have stigma.
Pistils include stigma.
Pistils produce pollen.
Most pistils are fertilized by pollen.
Most pistils consist of sticky stigma.
Most pistils consist of stigma.
Most pistils contain ovules.
Most pistils contain stigma.
Most pistils grow fruit.
Most pistils have stigma.
Most pistils produce pollen.
Some pistils become fruit.
Some pistils come in contact.
Some pistils contain seeds.
Some pistils have ovules.
Some pistils have seeds.
Some pistils turn brown and some big leaves at the bottom turn yellow.
Pistillate catkins appear with the leaves and are borne terminally on short, spurlike branches.
Pistillate flowers are female flowers that produce fruit.
Pistillate flowers are on a short peduncle, the style is thick, and the stigma two- lobed.
Pistillate flowers are terminal to the central stem and other major branches of the inflorescence.
Pistillate flowers green, solitary or forming axillary cymes.
Pistillate flowers have a compound ovary with three locules topped by three sticky, sessile stigmas.
Pistillate flowers lack visible sepals and petals, and are small and green.
Pistillate flowers reach the surface by a long, thread-like stalk.
Pistillate flowers solitary in upper leaf axils or forming cymes co-mingled with the male flowers.
Pistillate heads are clustered in the leaf axils below the spikes.
Pistillate inflorescences are shorter.
Some pistol shrimp has claws.
A pistol is a firearm
Pistol isa gun.
Pistols add finality to arguments.
Pistols are a bit harder.
Pistols are a form of higher math.
Pistols are a part of our heritage, but America is no longer a frontier society.
Pistols are capable of wounds.
Pistols are different now.
Pistols are firearms.
Pistols are good for close-in work, but are the biggest hassle with local authorities.
Pistols are guns.
Pistols are incredibly boring anyway.
Pistols are least effective as a club.
Pistols are less safe due to their short-range requirements.
Pistols are located in pants.
Pistols are located in police stations.
Pistols are located in war.
Pistols are more difficult to keep a hold on than a greased pig.
Pistols are risky, by anyone's definition.
Pistols are to be carried in belt, or saddle holsters, or saddlebags.
Pistols are used for aims.
Pistols are used for coachs.
Pistols are used for concentrates.
Pistols are used for fire.
Pistols are used for killing.
Pistols are used for scarings.
Pistols are used for shooting.
Pistols are used for shoots.
Pistols are used for target practice.
Pistols are used for trains.
Pistols are weapons.
Pistols drop in and are held in place to be drawn out by the wearer.
Pistols drop in and are held in place to be drawn out by the wearers.
Pistols fire bullets.
Pistols fire single bullets.
Pistols have (part) bases.
Pistols have (part) eyepieces.
Pistols have (part) fulcrums.
Pistols have (part) gun barrels.
Pistols have (part) gun chambers.
Pistols have (part) muzzles.
Pistols have (part) readsides.
Pistols have (part) sections.
Pistols have (part) triggers.
Pistols have no zoom whatsoever.
Pistols have purposes.
Pistols work good indoors too.
All pistol ranges.
All pistols come with grips.
All pistols do locational damage.
All pistols follow the accuracy rules outlined in the 'combat' section.
All pistols have incredibly fast reticules.
Every pistol is hand-assembled and inspected.
Many pistols have such a low trigger resistance that the trigger can be fired by a very young child.
Most pistols have a removable magazine into which bullets are loaded.
Most pistols have purposes.
Some pistols have manuals.
Some pistols produce pressure.
Some pistols produce sound pressure.
Piston pumps are also easy to calibrate.
Piston pumps can apparently wear more rapidly when powders are used.
Piston pumps move fluid by pushing it through the motion of the pistons within the pump.
Piston pumps tend to crush and break the lightweight aggregates causing a reduction in yield.
Piston rings are part of pistons.
Most piston rings are part of pistons.
Some piston rings have pressure.
Piston rods are part of pistons.
Most piston rods are part of pistons.
Piston skirts come in contact.
Piston speed is a major factor in engine reliability.
A piston is a mechanical device
Piston isa mechanism.
Piston moves correct distance, at correct speed, independent of user variation.
Piston pump dispensing machines have been around for quite some time.
Piston pumps for mixed products with pieces, pasty and liquid.
Pistons are aluminum with steel struts, and rings are iron.
Pistons are available as a complete set.
Pistons are different in the later model years to match the thinner rods.
Pistons are good scrap because they are a heat treatable alloy and contain silicon.
Pistons are mechanical devices.
Pistons are of cast and pressed steel with guide rings and leather gasket.
Pistons are part of car engines.
Pistons are part of cars.
Pistons are part of engines.
Pistons are part of reciprocating engines.
Pistons are to be single-acting.
Pistons are typically the first thing to go.
Pistons can change from round to oval due to stress and temperature.
Pistons compress the refrigerant.
Pistons do jobs.
Pistons fail a different way.
Pistons guard talks about how the team played hard in the second half.
Pistons guard talks about the frustration of the team's inability to get ahead.
Pistons guard talks about the team's poor play in the first half.
Pistons have (part) piston rings.
Pistons have (part) piston rods.
Pistons have (part) sections.
Pistons have a long stroke relative to the low profile of the assembly.
Pistons have high silicon content for improved durability and noise reduction.
Pistons now have four rings, all of the same thickness.
Pistons perform several functions.
Pistons provide the pumping action and water is the only lubricant used.
Pistons pump air.
Pistons push air and gasses on both ends of the cylinder.
Pistons push the hot manure into the main chamber where the microorganisms feast.
Pistons raise the boat uphill.
Pistons swell inside their cylinders and can scuff or seize.
Pistons transmit the driving force of combustion to the crankshaft.
Pistons turn wheels.
Pistons sometimes end up with holes in their tops from the high temperatures and high pressures.
All pistons come complete with rings, wristpins and retainers.
Most pistons do jobs.
Most pistons pump air.
Most pistons turn wheels.
Some pistons have chambers.
Some pistons have combustion chambers.
Some pistons make distribution.
Many pit additives claim a significant reduction of odors with their use.
Pit boss comes over and pays off in hundred dollar chips.
Pit bosses are in place to watch for cheating, settle disputes, and give comps to big bettors.
Pit bosses are located in casinos.
Pit bosses supervise the dealer supervisors.
Pit bull puppies reach ages.
Pit bull puppies reach maturity.
Pit bull puppies reach sexual maturity.
Pit bulls are a big problem.
Pit bulls are also very smart.
Pit bulls are among the most commonly listed, and their attacks tend to be the most vicious.
Pit bulls are dogs.
Pit bulls are great dogs, and great pets.
Pit bulls are great guard dogs only if the leash if short and strong.
Pit bulls are impressively loyal, bold and courageous animals.
Pit bulls are in the middle group for intelligence, as rated by dog trainers.
Pit bulls are more likely to show aggression to other dogs.
Pit bulls are terriers.
Pit bulls are very strong and can pull many times their weight .
Pit bulls are very strong and can pull many times their weight.
Pit bulls are vicious dogs that are out of control.
Pit bulls calm sometimes.
Pit bulls chase animals.
Pit bulls chase small animals.
Pit bulls get an undeserved bad reputation through the media and even through animal groups.
Pit bulls get respect.
Pit bulls have a reputation as a mean, vicious breed of dog.
Pit bulls have a similar story.
Pit bulls have a smooth, short coat that is easy to groom with a once-weekly brushing.
Pit bulls have a tendency to eat their food without stopping to chew.
Pit bulls have some problems inherent in the breed just like any other breeds.
Pit bulls have tendencies.
Pit bulls keep authorities at bay after escaping home.
Pit bulls keep up a broad and muscular appearance.
Pit bulls represent the more common batterers.
Pit bulls tend to be very dependent on their humans and crave love and attention.
Most pit bulls chase small animals.
Most pit bulls have tendencies.
Some pit bulls have habits.
Pit coal is produced in underground mines.
Pit connections are present between cells.
Pit craters can occur both in the summit region and along rift zones.
Pit crews accelerate their performance with weight training, proper nutrition and supplementation.
Most pit crews use essentially the same training techniques.
Pit houses are non-adjoining structures whose floors are beneath the ground.
Most pit houses are sub-surface sites.
Pit lane is an area where the cars come to get their tires and gas tank filled up.
Pit lane is closed for all practice.
Pit latrines are located through out the walk-in camping area, registration is required.
Pit membranes compose of cellulose.
Pit mines cause damage.
Pit mines cause ecological damage.
Pit mines cause severe damage.
Pit mines cause severe ecological damage.
Pit road is more important than the garage.
Pit road is very tight.
Every pit road offers a bit of a different challenge.
PIT s are responsible for multiple deaths and numerous injuries each year.
A pit stop is a stop
Any pit stop performed in an actual race situation is advantageous to a crew.
Pit strategy dictates track position.
Pit toilets are available and water is available from behind the park office.
Pit toilets are available at the shooting range.
Pit toilets are available at the trailhead.
Pit toilets are available.
Pit toilets are near the picnic shelter.
Pit toilets are nearby.
Pit traps are useful for catching crawling insects.
A pit viper is a viper
Pit vipers are a group of venomous snakes that have depressions in the front of their eyes.
Pit vipers are a subfamily of venomous vipers found in the Americas and Asia.
Pit vipers are far more advanced than other snakes.
Pit vipers are found throughout the Americas, Europe and Asia.
Pit vipers are mainly viviparous , meaning the females give live birth .
Pit vipers are mainly viviparous, meaning the females give live birth.
Pit vipers are snakes.
Pit vipers are some of the most beautiful, and most dangerous, snakes in the world.
Pit vipers are species.
Pit vipers are venomous snakes.
Pit vipers are vipers.
Pit vipers are widespread throughout the world.
Pit vipers can detect heat with infrared sensors .
Pit vipers develop organs.
Pit vipers have a characteristic pit Iocated between the eye and nostril on each side of the head.
Pit vipers have a distinctive pit under each eye.
Pit vipers have a heat sensitive organ located between their nostril and eye.
Pit vipers have a sensory pit located between the eye and the nostril on each side of their head.
Pit vipers have a telltale pit between the eye and the mouth.
Pit vipers have a very sophisticated venom delivery system.
Pit vipers have fangs.
Pit vipers have heat-sensing pits in their heads to help find their prey.
Pit vipers have hollow fangs.
Pit vipers have structures.
Pit vipers have triangular shaped heads and vertical pupils.
Pit vipers have two holes, or pits, on their snouts.
Pit vipers have two pit organs, one on each side of the head between the eye and nostril.
Pit vipers lunge forward, bite, and immediately pull back.
Pit vipers reproduce sexually by means of internal fertilization.
Pit vipers see the world in a combination of heat and light.
Pit vipers span a huge portion of the world.
Pit vipers strike animals.
All pit vipers have deep facial pits on each side of their head.
Most pit vipers are ovoviviparous.
Most pit vipers develop organs.
Most pit vipers have fangs.
Most pit vipers have hollow fangs.
Most pit vipers have structures.
Most pit vipers strike animals.
Some pit vipers have fleeces.
Some pit vipers have patches.
Some pit vipers have receptors.
Some pit vipers share environments.
Some pit vipers stay with their babies until after their first moult.
A pit is a hole
Pit actively markets domain properties listed on our site.
Pit are part of a Federal Superfund Site.
PIT can display a raw image, or a specially stretched single image representing some given band.
Pit disassembly requires the pit to be cut open so that the plutonium can be removed.
PIT enables site plans to be developed with minimal diving and computer time.
Pit is a gem.
Pit is a good charcoal maker.
PIT is able to backtrack parameter use.
Pit is curved.
PIT is great frenzied fun.
Pit is just such a place.
Pit is located in Southwestern Montana near the city of Butte.
Pit is low.
Pit is often a catchall phrase used indiscriminately.
Pit is quick to recognize and learn from both ends of the spectrum.
Pit is small, and accommodation of large orchestra can be challenging.
Pit is southwesterly to westerly, compounding the adverse soil-moisture conditions.
Pit is to be operated by staff only.
Pit is today.
Pit isa formation.
Pit keeps some guests cheering each other on.
PIT means Packit format.
PIT means personal income tax.
Pit ovens common to bake plant roots, sotol, lechugilla.
PIT starts the process measurement system.
Pit stop coverage was hit and miss.
Pit stop for future world champs.
Pit stop in Tallahassee.
Pit stop to view season schedule, results, standings, and chronicles.
Pit stops along the way Belize, Micronesia.
Pit stops matter.
Pit stops to eat, drink, and visit the rest room are frequent.
PITS acts as a convenient tool for data and metrics collection.
Pits also occur on lateral walls but are less concentrated.
Pits are adjacent to one another on either side of the cell wall iii.
Pits are alongside the longest straight, so stopping cars lose several moves.
Pits are also significant because they can be an indicator for other ear problems.
Pits are areas.
Pits are as far from all adjacent peaks as possible.
Pits are available on park grounds on first come, first serve basis.
Pits are by far the most practical option for most expeditions.
Pits are cavities.
Pits are cells or groups of cells that are completely surrounded by cells of higher elevations.
Pits are cells or groups of cells which are completely surrounded by cells of higher elevations.
Pits are closed.
Pits are custom designed and precast to suit the job.
Pits are deadly.
Pits are deep holes.
Pits are definately nicer as they actually have working pit crews.
Pits are depressions.
Pits are dug in rows along contour according to the row spacing of melon.
Pits are enclosures.
Pits are excavation.
Pits are holes.
Pits are large and few compared to other species.
Pits are located in backyards.
Pits are located in cherries.
Pits are located in countries.
Pits are located in ground.
Pits are located in landfills.
Pits are located in mines.
Pits are located in peach.
Pits are located in tooths.
Pits are more numerous on the end walls where the Tracheids overlap.
Pits are often on different levels and water can flow from one into another.
Pits are over sole source aquifer.
Pits are part of olives.
Pits are part of peach.
Pits are part of plums.
Pits are present in the cell wall and provide a mechanism for intercellular communication.
Pits are seeds.
Pits are several meters wide.
Pits are significant for two reasons.
Pits are the cores of nuclear weapons and act as triggers for their detonation.
Pits are the metallic shells inside the fission components of modern nuclear weapons.
Pits are traps.
Pits are used for fighting.
Pits are used for traps.
Pits are usually unilateral, appearing as gray lesions within the optic disc.
Pits can be either hemispherical or cup-shaped.
PITS can sabotage the best efforts at controlling the screen-printing process.
Pits change ownership frequently.
Pits covering an extensive area on the site contain sludges generated in the oil recycling process.
Pits get a lot of bad press, even though the well-bred and socialized ones make great family pets.
Pits get very busy under caution.
Pits gradually become unusable due to vermin, insects, and mold.
Pits have concrete walls.
Pits have different lengths and an ideal shape.
Pits have walls.
Pits indicate consumption of a hard, brittle food such as nuts or beetles.
PITs integrates the performance of manufacturing processes with the provision of customer services.
Pits needs scarification, mulch, and anchor the mulch.
PITS produces dot gain and dot loss.
Pits shown in the upper and lower jaws are probably openings for blood vessels and nerves.
Pits typically have either very steep or vertical walls, making escape almost impossible.
Pits vary in terms of size and depth, with some requiring ladders.
All PITs are to be inspected by the operator, prior to use.
Every pit cooks differently.
Many pits are extremely social with humans and children.
Most pits are just beneath the skin, mostly on the blossom end of the fruit.
Most pits have concrete walls.
Most pits have walls.
Some pits are artificial while others represent real inland drainage basins.
Some pits are dug by rodents.
Some pits become patches.
Some pits contain enough soil to provide homes for rare and unusual plants.
Some pits contain highly acid liquids and several chlorinated organic chemicals.
Some pits have several thermometers to register the proper temperatures.
Pita bread is a small, flat, hollow round bread.
Pita bread is baked sereral times daily and is served with every Middle East meal.
Pita bread is eaten in countries like Greece, Israel, Syria, and Egypt.
Pita bread is made on the premises in a special traditional oven called a tabun .
Pita bread is served tackily in tightly packed plastic sandwich bags.
Pita bread is served with all meals for dipping.
Pita bread is unleavened bread.
Pita bread Use any combination of the above raw vegetables.
Pita pit has flyers for the frosh packages.
A pita is bread
Pita governs all biochemical changes in our body.
Pita kikitouin toutaganiouisit.
Pita pockets with tuna salad, lettuce and tomato.
Pitas are food.
Pitas are part of gyros.
Pitas are to be stuffed and eaten like a sandwich.
Pitas make a neat and tasty holder for tender grilled steak pieces.
A pitch accent is stress
Pitch accent is a fact about utterances or pieces of utterances called intonation phrases .
Pitch accents are also indicative for listeners to perceive important information.
Pitch angle is misspelled in the text.
Pitch canker is characterized by resinous oozing on branches and lesions or boles on the trunk.
Pitch canker shows dramatic increases where sewerage or animal waste has been applied as fertilizer.
Pitch control is absolutely critical to safe flight.
Pitch control is completely separate from the dynamic system control.
Pitch control is identical to any hangglider.
Pitch counts go up, and that affects the pitcher.
Pitch head is tight.
Pitch Lake is a lake of asphalt.
Pitch level appears when stopped and playing.
Pitch line is the point at which two gears are in full contact with each other.
Pitch pine has large plates.
Pitch pine is able to thrive on both dry and wet sites and has good potential for revegetation.
Pitch pine is pine.
Pitch pine is used for rough construction, pulp, crating, and fuel.
Pitch pine is yellow pine
Pitch pines are good, but they are harder to find.
Pitch pines disappear to be replaced by mosses and stunted shrubs.
Pitch roofs cost a little more, but some of out best people has lean-tos.
Pitch shifters increase or decrease the pitch of the sound.
Pitch bend controller changes happen too late.
Pitch bend messages consist of a status byte followed by two data bytes.
Pitch bend obviously alters the pitch of the note, the mod wheel often adds a vibrato effect.
Pitch brings the chakras back to their normal vibration whether they are under or over active.
Pitch can also influence shot placement to a small degree.
Pitch can also serve more specific purpose in a film.
Pitch can be a verb, a noun, and is the stem of many other words.
Pitch changes colour to reflect conditions.
Pitch changing There are some interesting tricks that can be done with a digital delay system.
Pitch corresponds to the fundamental frequency of the sound being perceived.
Pitch defines typefaces horizontally, by the number of characters that can fit in an inch.
Pitch depends on the frequency of a sound wave.
Pitch depends on the length of tubing in the instrument.
Pitch duct back to hood and provide for drainage.
Pitch ends up squirting away from catcher.
Pitch goes down one tone.
Pitch has to be stabilized.
Pitch has to do with the angle of the propeller blades.
Pitch indicates the frequency of the sound, or how far apart or close together the waves are.
Pitch is a dark coloured resinous substance that was once used to caulk seams in wooden ships.
Pitch is a description of how densely information is cut into a disc.
Pitch is a lister's subjective interpretation of the sound's frequency.
Pitch is a petroleum by-product which is the base material for coal tar, asphalt and bitumen.
Pitch is a property
Pitch is a sensation that results from psychological response to frequency.
Pitch is a thick, black, sticky material.
Pitch is a waterproof covering.
Pitch is an aid in marking off the identity of something, the result of a physical action.
Pitch is an important factor to consider when tuning.
Pitch is an important measurement baseline when upgrading or replacing a propeller.
Pitch is another modem dependent option.
Pitch is approachs.
Pitch is as green as green can be.
Pitch is behind school.
Pitch is calculated to closest quarter inch.
Pitch is carried to the nest from the beginning of nest building until the young have left the nest.
Pitch is checked using a strobe tuner.
Pitch is connected to counting.
Pitch is considered a valuable binder and waterproofer.
Pitch is controlled at two levels, tuning and performance.
Pitch is controlled by a keyboard.
Pitch is controlled by adjusting the speed of the tape.
Pitch is controlled by means of a stabilizing gyroscope.
Pitch is controlled by opening and closing the vocal cavity.
Pitch is controlled by the frequency of the vibrations.
Pitch is controlled by the speed of vibration.
Pitch is controlled by the vocal fold tension.
Pitch is controlled, just as in a tailed ship, with an elevator.
Pitch is dead-on, as is rhythm, and their diction is clear.
Pitch is defined as different levels of tones in spoken communication.
Pitch is defined as the frequency of sound.
Pitch is determined by the fundamental frequency of a tone.
Pitch is determined by the legth of the tounge.
Pitch is determined by the length of the air column.
Pitch is determined by the length of the tongue.
Pitch is determined by the number of variations per second of a sound.
Pitch is determined by the number of vibrations per second of a sound.
Pitch is determined by the placement of the note in the staff.
Pitch is down the hill on the right.
Pitch is due to length, thickness, elasticity, and tension of vocal cords.
Pitch is employed in a number of formulations for treating walls, floors and roofs against damp.
Pitch is expressed in terms of the number of tufts per inch.
Pitch is gradients.
Pitch is high, like fingernails on a chalkboard.
Pitch is how humans hear different frequencies .
Pitch is how humans hear different frequencies.
Pitch is human perception of the fundamental frequency of sound wave.
Pitch is immediately on Right.
Pitch is important.
Pitch is inherited.
Pitch is like tar.
Pitch is measured in frequency of sound vibrations per second.
Pitch is movement around the horizontal aaxis.
Pitch is multiple , and multiple sound objects can elicit pertinent pitches.
Pitch is on the far end of the field.
Pitch is on the left and has a track around it.
Pitch is on the right.
Pitch is one of the three subjective attributes of sound.
Pitch is our subjective perceptual experience of frequency.
Pitch is positions.
Pitch is regulated by engine manifold pressure.
Pitch is related to frequency - number of waves that pass a given point per unit time.
Pitch is related to how long the vibrating column is.
Pitch is related to intensity.
Pitch is related to the frequency of a sound wave.
Pitch is related to the frequency of the sound wave.
Pitch is simply the rate at which vibrations are produced.
Pitch is studied as it relates to properties of the sound source.
Pitch is taken care of by the front foil and surface sensor.
Pitch is the angle between a line in a plane and the horizontal, measured in the plane.
Pitch is the angle between the sun and the telescope pointing.
Pitch is the angle leaning forward or backward.
Pitch is the distance from one hill to the next measured parallel with the shaft.
Pitch is the frequency of the principal note and has been defined in the previous section.
Pitch is the high and low extent of a cymbal's sound.
Pitch is the high and low sound.
Pitch is the highness or lowness of a sound.
Pitch is the horizontal spacing of characters measured in the number of characters per inch.
Pitch is the length of a row in bytes.
Pitch is the length per winding.
Pitch is the listener's subjective interpretation of speech's average frequency.
Pitch is the perception of how high or low a voice is.
Pitch is the perceptual correlate of frequency.
Pitch is the psychological response to frequency.
Pitch is the rate of vibration.
Pitch is the ratio of vertical rise to horizontal run.
Pitch is the sap or crude turpentine that exudes from the bark of pines.
Pitch is the sound a frequency produces.
Pitch is the spacing of the rivets on the chain.
Pitch is the theoretical forward movement that a propeller travels during one revolution.
Pitch is the up and down motion of an airplane.
Pitch is the up-down rotation, with positive being up.
Pitch is the y axis and determines how high it is placed in space.
Pitch is throws.
Pitch is used as a sealent.
Pitch is used as an adhesive.
Pitch is used for repairing ships.
Pitch is used in languages in several different ways, including stress , intonation and tone .
Pitch is used to close wounds in the bark to prevent water loss.
Pitch is usually downwards.
Pitch is very important in the music classroom, and listening to get the correct one is vital.
Pitch is what is perceived of the frequency and is a psychoacoustical attribute.
Pitch is when the nose of an aircraft moves up or down.
Pitch isa event.
Pitch isa property.
Pitch means something different to a roofer than it does to a salesman, a batter, and so on.
Pitch means to rock fore and aft.
Pitch prevents the blade from digging uncontrollably deep into the water.
Pitch refers to how steeply an aircraft is pointed, rotating about an axis through the wings.
Pitch refers to the degree our voices are high or low.
Pitch refers to the lengthwise angle of the track, while roll refers to the lateral angle.
Pitch refers to the number of bytes in a row of pixels.
Pitch refers to the number of characters per inch.
Pitch requires maturity and control over the voice.
Pitch shows how an animal's weight was distributed.
Pitch specifies the pitch of the font.
Pitch stays constant.
Pitch tends to be more solid.
Pitch trim manual wheel.
Pitch varies according to parameters such as the shape and length of the tubing.
Pitch varies with weight, wall height, and wall thickness.
Pitches also have good velocity and realistic break, too.
Pitches are also available for booking by the local community.
Pitches are available throughout the season is appreciated.
Pitches are created through the vibration of the vocal chords in the human throat.
Pitches are still available throughout the school holidays.
Pitches are synthetic for ease of maintenance.
Pitches are the components of innings.
Pitches are underhand.
Pitches break differently.
Pitches can become words.
Pitches look like they are supposed to look.
Pitches require movement.
All pitches are dead unless the ball is put into play.
All pitches are full sized and well maintained throughout the year.
All pitches are generous, level and individually marked with electric hook-up.
All pitches are playable, subject to referees' inspections.
All pitches have electric hook ups.
All pitches have mains services, and all are sited to enjoy splendid views.
Any pitch landing on home plate is a ball, no matter how high the arc.
Every pitch becomes a breathtaking moment.
Every pitch comes home.
Every pitch counts.
Every pitch demands our best.
Every pitch has a purpose.
Every pitch has an obstacle.
Every pitch is a game-like situation.
Every pitch is different.
Every pitch is magnified, every play is scrutinized.
Every pitch is so important here.
Every pitch is very important.
Every pitch is weighty.
Every pitch seems like it's the last pitch.
Many pitches are always grassy.
Most pitches perceived in everyday and musical sounds are virtual pitches.
Some pitches are floodlit, enabling matches and practice to take place in the evenings.
Some pitches are obviously harder to throw then others.
Some pitches resemble slow-motion replays, as do some swings of the bat.
Some pitches sail out of the strike zone and are called balls.
Some pitched roofs have parts that stick out for windows .
Some pitched roofs have parts that stick out for windows.
A pitcher plant is a carnivorous plant
Pitcher plants absorb nutrients.
Pitcher plants are also plant types that eat insects.
Pitcher plants are carnivorous plants.
Pitcher plants are carnivorous, feeding on insects, arachnids and even small rodents.
Pitcher plants are insectivorous, which means they eat insects.
Pitcher plants belong to families.
Pitcher plants can live for several years if cared for properly.
Pitcher plants disperse roots.
Pitcher plants grow environments.
Pitcher plants have another unique method of capturing insects.
Pitcher plants have cylindrical flowers.
Pitcher plants have flowers.
Pitcher plants have fluid.
Pitcher plants have highly effective pitfall traps.
Pitcher plants have leaves that hold rainwater and can drown and digest invertebrate animals.
Pitcher plants obtain nutrients.
Pitcher plants occur in areas with low nitrogen in the soil.
Pitcher plants occur naturally in the Carolina bays.
Pitcher plants prefer moist, even boggy, conditions to grow best.
Pitcher plants produce flowers.
Pitcher plants range in height.
Pitcher plants resemble their name.
Pitcher plants utilize passive pitfall traps.
All pitcher plants require an acidic growing medium.
Most pitcher plants absorb nutrients.
Most pitcher plants belong to families.
Most pitcher plants grow environments.
Most pitcher plants have cylindrical flowers.
Most pitcher plants have flowers.
Most pitcher plants have fluid.
Most pitcher plants obtain nutrients.
Most pitcher plants produce flowers.
Most pitcher plants range in height.
Some pitcher plants have rainwater.
Some pitcher plants live for several years.
Some pitcher plants live for years.
A pitcher is a ballplayer
A pitcher is a thrower
Pitcher checks color of ball then calls out any color or the actual color of ball in glove.
Pitcher delivers an illegal pitch with no runners in base.
Pitcher drops one grade versus walks.
Pitcher gains one grade versus strike outs.
Pitcher has an image of a turkey on the front.
Pitcher has max.
Pitcher holds onto ball.
Pitcher is a defensive position.
Pitcher isa athlete.
Pitcher isa individual.
Pitcher isa person.
Pitcher isa somebody.
Pitcher isa someone.
Pitcher pumps for water at both The Cabin and The Shed.
Pitcher retains original iittala sticker.
Pitcher spends a lot of time reviewing tapes of the games.
Pitcher stands in the normal position.
Pitcher takes a bucket of balls and moves five feet beyond the pitcher's rubber.
Pitcher throws ball again.
Pitcher throws ball close to front of batter.
Pitcher throws it.
Pitcher tries to throw a ball that crosses the plate.
Pitchers actually rest.
Pitchers actually work two shifts.
Pitchers also features several appetizers, including quesadillas, popcorn shrimp, and breadsticks.
Pitchers also have their statistics translated, with a focus on peripheral statistics.
Pitchers also have to learn how to pitch inside.
Pitchers apply unbalanced forces that act on baseballs.
Pitchers are also available.
Pitchers are ballplayers.
Pitchers are capable of containers.
Pitchers are containers.
Pitchers are good, but they aren t perfect.
Pitchers are good.
Pitchers are in peril.
Pitchers are leafs.
Pitchers are liars.
Pitchers are like race horses in that they are delicate.
Pitchers are limited to a maximum of six innings per week.
Pitchers are made of clay.
Pitchers are men.
Pitchers are much more volatile and unpredictable than hitters.
Pitchers are notorious for getting injured .
Pitchers are part of baseball teams.
Pitchers are players.
Pitchers are positions.
Pitchers are prima donnas, who look good and play every fourth day or so.
Pitchers are the name of the game in high school fastpitch softball.
Pitchers are the only athletes who can earn negative performance scores.
Pitchers are throwers.
Pitchers are to be labeled with patient's name and room number.
Pitchers are vessels.
Pitchers can also work on their pick-off moves into the tarp.
Pitchers can also work on their pickoff moves into the tarp.
Pitchers can be a sneaky bunch.
Pitchers can be cruel when they spot weaknesses.
Pitchers can break down their wind up, batters can look at the elements of their swing.
Pitchers can end up with a lot of injuries.
Pitchers can mix up pitches to each batter, which becomes a game within the game.
Pitchers can move to the edge of the rubber to gain a slight advantage on the hitters.
Pitchers can pitch anywhere, though.
Pitchers can relieve or start while tired.
Pitchers can' t get a good grip anymore.
Pitchers can take time to shake off a signal.
Pitchers can toss after four months, and throw off a mound after seven.
Pitchers can turn it around.
Pitchers can win games for themselves over here.
Pitchers choose the pitch as well as the placement.
Pitchers come in with realistic ERAs, and batters have a good mix of averages.
Pitchers commonly suffer overuse injuries in their elbows or shoulders.
Pitchers constantly exchange tips at tournaments.
Pitchers control the game's tempo and can be credited with a team's win or loss.
Pitchers cover first base.
Pitchers display themes from the supernatural and natural worlds.
Pitchers do it all the time.
Pitchers do it.
Pitchers do show more game by game volatility than do hitters.
Pitchers donate for every strike-out, etc.
Pitchers donate for every strikeout, etc.
Pitchers earn points for blown saves, balks and losses, and are penalized for wins and strikeouts.
Pitchers fit a slot that's more easily marked.
Pitchers focus on build skills.
Pitchers focus on mechanical skills.
Pitchers focus on skills.
Pitchers get a lot more innings.
Pitchers get into a routine each day.
Pitchers get lots of help from an oversized foul territory.
Pitchers get no bonus for home runs.
Pitchers get one point per inning pitched, one per strikeout, ten per win or save.
Pitchers get to work on communication with catchers.
Pitchers go through dead-arm periods, though.
Pitchers hate to throw over there.
Pitchers have (part) arms.
Pitchers have (part) body substances.
Pitchers have (part) cell membranes.
Pitchers have (part) cells.
Pitchers have (part) corpi.
Pitchers have (part) cytoplasm.
Pitchers have (part) heads.
Pitchers have (part) human bodies.
Pitchers have (part) legs.
Pitchers have (part) material bodies.
Pitchers have (part) necks.
Pitchers have (part) nuclei.
Pitchers have (part) personality.
Pitchers have (part) plasma membranes.
Pitchers have (part) sections.
Pitchers have (part) vacuoles.
Pitchers have a primordial instinct that homes in on the scent of failure.
Pitchers have a tendency to overthrow.
Pitchers have big ears.
Pitchers have ears.
Pitchers have feet.
Pitchers have less command and control of their pitches than ever before.
Pitchers have lids.
Pitchers have no control over the game anymore.
Pitchers have six days remaining to add to that total.
Pitchers have so many different styles.
Pitchers have their rituals.
Pitchers have three ways with which they can apply their oppositely directed force.
Pitchers have to be fast, accurate, and above all, smart.
Pitchers have to mess with the heads of batters or hit the showers early.
Pitchers have unique responsibilities and physical demands.
Pitchers initiate the action and are considered the key to the outcome of any single game.
Pitchers is a smoking bar and is wheelchair accessible.
Pitchers is a typical 'Town Bar' including loud music.
Pitchers just take longer to progress and are harder to gauge.
Pitchers love to discuss their craft with sage veteran.
Pitchers mix up how many times they look to second to keep the runner off-balance.
Pitchers need carbohydrates.
Pitchers never do.
Pitchers now have a seasonal notation line as well.
Pitchers play a smaller percentage of games than their team as a whole.
Pitchers pump their fists after key strike-outs.
Pitchers rave about the guy.
Pitchers receive points from pitching only, no batting points.
Pitchers reduce pitching arm centrifugal stress with near vertical upper arm accelerations.
Pitchers report that hitters no longer protect the plate with two strikes.
Pitchers run miles the day they pitch.
Pitchers run through a series of throwing programs, pitcher's fielding practice and conditioning.
Pitchers say the strike zone has changed little, if at all.
Pitchers study hitters and vice versa.
Pitchers survive pitch to pitch.
Pitchers tend to go through slumps, just like hitters do.
Pitchers tend to miss games and seasons much more easily than batters.
Pitchers throw balls.
Pitchers throw fastballs just short of major league speeds.
Pitchers throw in the bull pen where their velocity is measured by a radar gun.
Pitchers try a variety of stratagems-none too successfully.
Pitchers try to throw the ball over home plate.
Pitchers turn blood red with age.
Pitchers use different pitches to try to get the batter out.
Pitchers ventricose, cylindrical in shape.
Pitchers wait for the catcher to get a signal from the dugout before they call a pitch.
Pitchers walk around with ice bags the size of fire hydrants taped to their arms.
Pitchers watch their catcher's glove.
Pitchers win lawsuit against Denver stadium claiming economic hardship.
Pitchers often face hitters they've never seen before, and vice versa.
Pitchers usually try to maintain their edge by throwing a bullpen session between starts.
All pitchers are liars or crybabies.
All pitchers are limited to actual appearances and games started.
All pitchers are more than willing to discuss pitching.
All pitchers go through a stage where nothing goes right.
All pitchers strive to finish off a game that they started.
Any pitcher is capable of pitching into the ninth inning, especially if they're being efficient.
Every pitcher does that.
Every pitcher feels it but it is hard to come off that mound.
Every pitcher goes through a rough time in the season.
Every pitcher is different.
Every pitcher wants a wide strike zone.
Every pitcher wants to be in there during a crucial situation.
Many pitchers are one lookers and are extremely easy to steal off of.
Many pitchers fall into a rhythm and make it easy on the runner to get a good jump.
Many pitchers have control problems because they either look at or are very conscious of the hitter.
Many pitchers never throw a straight fastball.
Many pitchers when throwing home, drop their chin first.
Most pitchers agree if there is a different zone, it had little, if any, impact.
Most pitchers are generally good athletes with competitive spirits.
Most pitchers are too smart to manage.
Most pitchers do have some drive with their back leg, towards home plate.
Most pitchers do.
Most pitchers focus on build skills.
Most pitchers focus on mechanical skills.
Most pitchers focus on skills.
Most pitchers have at least four pitches that are their bread and butter.
Most pitchers have big ears.
Most pitchers have ears.
Most pitchers have feet.
Most pitchers have four pitches to select from, although some relievers only have three.
Most pitchers have lids.
Most pitchers like to concentrate and get into their own world.
Most pitchers throw balls.
Most pitchers throw their no-hitters at home .
Some pitchers are good at hiding the ball.
Some pitchers are in great form when to come to spring training.
Some pitchers are worse in the second half.
Some pitchers become homes.
Some pitchers believe that they pitch better after getting stung.
Some pitchers collect rainwater.
Some pitchers eat insects.
Some pitchers excel in the postseason.
Some pitchers excel using only the fastball.
Some pitchers fall into a rhythm when pitching, especially if they are throwing the ball well.
Some pitchers get good sinking action with the normal two-seam grip.
Some pitchers have holes.
Some pitchers have quick moves, while others are rather slow.
Some pitchers lose the ability to find the strike zone.
Some pitchers move one or both fingers slightly inward from the seams to get more sinking action.
Some pitchers occupy dangerous places.
Some pitchers occupy places.
Some pitchers release the ball off their middle finger.
Some pitchers seem to have a lot of success when they pitch in their own ballpark.
Some pitchers use a sidearm delivery in which the arm arcs laterally to the torso.
Pitcherplant bogs require full sun.
Pitcherplant trumpets raise above a great diversity of wildflowers, orchids, grasses, and sedges.
Pitchfork bifurcations are possible in dynamical systems with an inversion or reflection symmetry .
A pitchfork is a hand tool
Pitchfork plays a bit like a mystery in which the clues are carefully hidden, and never revealed.
Pitching is playing.
Pitching is servings.
Pitching is throwings.
A pitchman is a salesman
Pitchmen also hawk the profits to be made in special interest television programming.
Pitfall traps are laid out in a grid pattern in the habitat.
Pitfall traps are successful in catching insects that crawl along the ground.
Pitfall traps are useful for catching ground dwelling insects and can also be baited.
Pitfall traps can fill with water or become completely dry.
A pitfall is difficulty
Pitfalls abound, however.
Pitfalls are difficulty.
Pitfalls are many.
Pitfalls are the bane of beginning programmers who rely so heavily on the blessing of compilation.
Pitfalls are, however, evident.
Pitfalls exist in dealing with foreign lawyers and legal systems.
Pitfalls Going into business takes a level of effort and energy that many people underestimate.
Pitfalls is designed to provide helpful tips which supplement other sourcebooks on New York law.
Pitfalls tend to catch younger animals, whereas live-traps catch older individuals.
Many pitfalls can arise from a poorly drafted provision.
A pith helmet is a hat
Pith helmets prevent local heating of the head and sunstroke in the tropics.
Most pith helmets have a wide brim that flares out to protect the face and sides of the head.
Pithy quotations sprinkled throughout the pages are alone almost worth the price of the book.
Pitless adapter allows pump to be pulled without affecting pipe to house.
Pitman arms keep breaking.
A pitman is a miner
Pitman is all about tradition.
Pitman joins sales effort.
Pitman typically fishes bare, unskirted baits.
A piton is a spike
Pitons are hammered into cracks too thin or the wrong shape to take other gear.
Pitons damage the rock because they are driven in and pulled out with a hammer.
Pitta breads are fun for children.
A pitta is a bird
Pitta can also be at the root of such a disorder.
Pitta comes primarily from the element of fire and is hot, sharp, slightly oily.
Pitta controls digestion of food, it is responsible for hunger, appetite and thirst.
Pitta controls emotion like anger, fear and bravado.
Pitta controls hormones and the digestive system.
Pitta controls the enzymes that digest our food and the hormones that regulate our metabolism.
Pitta corresponds to the fire element.
Pitta eat foods that are sweet, bitter, astingent, cold, heavy and dry.
Pitta governs digestion and assimilation of food and liquids throughout the body.
Pitta governs metabolism.
Pitta is biological fire.
Pitta is directed to liver , intestine and gallbladder.
Pitta is hot, fluid, subtle, sharp, soft, and it governs all heat, and chemical reactions.
Pitta is hot, light, fluid, subtle, sharp, malodorous, soft and clear.
Pitta is hot, sharp, sour, pungent and moving.
Pitta is increased by excessive intake of alcohol, tea, coffee, spicy, oily and fried foods.
Pitta is increased by excessive intake of tea, coffee, alcohol, meats and excessive smoking.
Pitta is responsible for all metabolic activities.
Pitta is responsible for all metabolic and chemical functions in the body.
Pitta is responsible for the digestion.
Pitta is stimulated by pungent, sour and slightly salty and weakened by sweet, bitter and acid.
Pitta is the fiery quality characterized by heat.
Pitta is the principle of biotransformation and is the cause of all metabolic processes in the body.
Pitta is the principle of transformation.
Pitta needs cooling foods, such as light soups, sweet fruits, beans and soy products.
Pitta regulates temperature and is associated with the sun.
Pitta represents action.
Pitta represents fire and controls metabolic functioning and is also responsible for digestion.
Pitta represents the element of metabolism that assimilates nourishment into the body.
Pitta tends to hot, sharp and penetrating.
Pittas are a gound-dwelling insectivorous species.
Pittas are competitive and easily take to exercise or sports.
Pittas are good orators or preachers and are convincing in presenting their cases.
Pittas are intense.
Pittas can develop spiritual qualities of fire as meditational insight and discrimination.
Pittas excel from stress, and are confident in crisis situations.
Pittas make good scientists and often have a good understanding of mechanics and mathematics.
Pittas tend to be jealous and judgmental.
Pittas usually are of medium build, strength and endurance.
Pitted boulders appear in Saskatchewan, South Dakota, Iowa and in other states.
Pitted floors requires extra scrubbing to avoid bacterial build ups.
Pitted pans are safe to cook in, but hard to clean.
Pitter-patter isa pat.
Pitting corrosion is autocatalytic in nature - once it forms, it tends to continue to grow itself.
Pitting edema appears in the dependent portions of the body.
Pitting edema extends the entire length of the leg with a reddish- blue discoloration.
Pitting edema is present when a hollow is formed in the skin by applying finger pressure.
Pitting edema occurs when fluid collects in the tissue.
Pitting also occurs.
Pitting Apply only to fine and medium textured soils with few stones in the upper profile.
Pitting can go on undetected for extended periods of time, until a failure occurs.
Pitting caused by the chlorides and the low pH of salt water are the main problems.
Pitting indicates deep corrosion in localized spots on a fastener.
Pitting is a consequence of wind transportation.
Pitting is an absolute contra-indication to further service.
Pitting is associated with damage to cells near the epidermis which collapse over time.
Pitting is characterized by clusters of collapsed oil glands.
Pitting is evidence of corrosion.
Pitting is suspected to occur in much the same way crevice corrosion does, but on a flat surface.
Pittings are corrosion.
Pittstown soils are nearly level to moderately steep soils on glaciated uplands.
Pittstown soils are on drumlins, and smooth concave sideslopes of uplands.
Pittstown soils have a dense substratum.
Pittstown soils have rock fragments dominated by dark phyllite, slate, shale or schist.
Pituitary activity varies dynamically depend stream hormone levels.
Pituitary adenoma arises as a small nodule in the anterior pituitary gland.
Pituitary adenoma is the most common cause.
Pituitary adenomas are also benign and compress rather than invade surrounding tissue.
Pituitary adenomas are overgrowths of one or more of the cell types in the gland.
Pituitary adenomas are relatively common in old rats.
Pituitary adenomas are usually isointense with and also with normal pituitary gland.
Pituitary adenomas arise in and consist of adenohypophysial cells.
Pituitary adenomas can grow extensively into the base of the skull, as well.
Most pituitary adenomas are microadenomas .
Most pituitary adenomas are microadenomas.
Most pituitary diseases are the result of an abnormal growth.
Pituitary dwarfism is a rare disease.
Pituitary dysfunction can likewise result in secondary amenorrhea.
Pituitary glands release hormones.
Pituitary glands secrete growth hormones.
Pituitary glands secrete hormones.
Pituitary glands stimulate antler growth.
Pituitary glands stimulate growth.
Pituitary glands stimulate ovulation secretion.
Pituitary glands stimulate secretion.
Most pituitary glands stimulate antler growth.
Most pituitary glands stimulate growth.
Most pituitary glands stimulate ovulation secretion.
Most pituitary glands stimulate secretion.
Some pituitary glands are near brains.
Some pituitary glands consist of lobes.
Some pituitary glands consist of posterior lobes.
Some pituitary glands have lobes.
Some pituitary glands promote growth.
Pituitary hormones have roles.
Pituitary hormones regulate excretion.
Pituitary hormones regulate water excretion.
Pituitary hormones stimulate glands.
Pituitary hormones stimulate thyroid glands.
Most pituitary hormones have roles.
Most pituitary hormones regulate excretion.
Most pituitary hormones regulate water excretion.
Most pituitary hormones stimulate glands.
Most pituitary hormones stimulate thyroid glands.
Some pituitary hormones stimulate gonads.
Pituitary patients are welcome, but please give it serious thought before signing up.
Pituitary surgery is usually successful in limiting growth hormone production.
Pituitary tumors are known to compress the optic chiasm.
Pituitary tumors are usually benign or noncancerous.
Pituitary tumors can cause any one or more than one of the symptoms.
Pituitary tumors can vary in size and behavior.
Pituitary tumors cause gigantism and acromegaly when hormone secretion increased.
Pituitary tumors do respond well to radiation therapy.
Pituitary tumors present in many different ways.
Most pituitary tumors are benign.
Most pituitary tumors are sporadic.
Some pituitary tumors cause excess secretion.
Some pituitary tumors cause headaches, impaired vision, and decreased pituitary gland function.
Some pituitary tumors cause prolactin secretion.
Some pituitary tumors cause secretion.
Some pituitary tumors cause symptoms.
Pituitary tumours are benign and are called adenomas.
Most pituitary tumours are benign.
Pituitaries have (part) corpi.
Pituitaries have (part) lobes.
Pituitaries have (part) posterior pituitaries.
Pituitaries have (part) posterior pituitary glands.
Pituitaries release antidiuretic hormones.
Pituitaries release hormones.
Pituitaries stimulate growth.
Pituitaries stimulate skeletal growth.
Pituitary isa gland.
Most pituitaries release antidiuretic hormones.
Most pituitaries release hormones.
Most pituitaries stimulate growth.
Most pituitaries stimulate skeletal growth.
Pity parties are for losers.
Pity parties make poor platforms for the preaching of sovereign grace.
Pity accepts the condition.
Pity becomes destructive to the giver and degrading to the receiver.
Pity becomes tyranny.
Pity broadcast for none chimney so runs safety shower head.
Pity can be a step away from abuse.
Pity comes from the mind.
Pity comes from the top down.
Pity costs nothing.
Pity crack on lots ford mustang for sale.
Pity crack on lots gm truck.
Pity creates nothing of substance.
Pity defuses the power of righteous indignation and proper prophetic wrath that lead to action.
Pity entails some degree of contempt or superiority in the person who experiences it.
Pity fills no stomach.
Pity goes out to all the recovering pot fiends in attendance that night.
Pity is a form of reinforcement.
Pity is a very common emotion in the sighted person towards a blind person.
Pity is a very powerful emotion.
Pity is acquired and improved by the cultivation of reason.
Pity is always a short-cut to tenderer feelings.
Pity is as pity does.
Pity is emotion.
Pity is for the living, envy is for the dead.
Pity is gained by nakedness, without the ornamentation of formality.
Pity is Godlike.
Pity is misfortune.
Pity is more for the individual basis, but is a mark of decency. . . .
Pity is more like bestowing boon upon an intended object than reciprocity with a living being.
Pity is painful till one sees the face Of the suppliant lit with joy.
Pity is split from terror here, as the chorus is hostile to the protagonist.
Pity is sympathy
Pity is the basis of love.
Pity is the virtue of the law, and none but tyrants use it cruelly.
Pity is the worst of all.
Pity is there's many more and so little time.
Pity is totally inappropriate.
Pity is transformed into loving-kindness by skilful action.
Pity is what others have.
Pity is, the dimly lit caves actually retain some history and atmosphere.
Pity isa feeling.
Pity lacks reciprocity.
Pity make money from home.
Pity makes pride, and hate breeds hatefulness.
Pity means sorrow for anothers suffering or misfortune.
Pity see at either freedom since descend washington redskins watches.
Pity seems inappropriate, as it serves no clinical purpose.
Pity seems to involve a glimmering of self-consciousness.
Pity sit Sin till any youth thru the region.
Pity suggest Wing inside little meadow off either basket.
Pity suggests weakness, but here is strength.
Pity there is no disk, and the writing is a bit rough in places.
Pity there is no peer review requirement for such research.
Pity thwarts the whole law of evolution, which is the law of natural selection.
Pity visit up none bud unless rise polaris snow mobile.
Pity visit up none bud unless rise racing gear bags.
Pity visit up none bud unless rise scott sunglasses.
Pity wake Relation into that towel between that engine.
Pityriasis denotes fine scales and rosea translates as rose colored or pink.
Pityriasis is skin disorder
Pityriasis lichenoides most often affects adolescents and young adults.
Pivot design offers flip-up seat feature.
A pivot joint is a diarthrosis
Pivot joints allow only rotation.
Pivot joints are found where the skull joins the vertebral column.
Pivot joints permit a rotating movement.
Pivot joints permit rotary movement, like the turning of the head from side to side.
All pivot locations are greaseable.
Pivot points are areas where action demands response to enter or sit tight.
Pivot points have a large following with floor traders.
All pivot points are ball bearing.
All pivot points use bearings for smooth adjustments.
All pivot points use replaceable nylatron bushings.
Pivot spikes exhibit more subtle properties.
Pivot tables can be hard enough to understand, but using the right tools can help.
Pivot tables can have a title, caption and footnotes to fully document the information in the table.
Pivot trading is key to successfully analyzing whether the market is bearish or bullish.
A pivot is a footer
Pivot anchoring redefines the item difficulties.
Pivot isa mechanism.
Pivots are axises.
Pivots are marchers.
Pivots are on the diagonal.
Pivots are rotation.
Pivots are the skinny ends of the arbors that the gears are attached to.
Pivots have (part) sections.
Pivots located between the axle and the wheel spindles allow the wheels to swivel on each end.
Pivots means leading ones.
Pivots play an important role in irrigating crops for today farmers.
All pivots are low pressure.
All pivots are o-ring sealed.
Pivotal events transform the stark canvas into a flag of freedom and democracy.
Pivotal role is to support the educational mission of the District colleges.
Pivotal technologies change the possibilities and the opportunities.
Pix pages have listings of the best and most useful Web sites in the world.
A pix is a chest
Pixes are very tricky creatures, but they all have very different features.
Pixes support traversal and inspection of elements in a collection using analogs of array indexing.
More pixel activation is seen with increasing task difficulty in some individuals.
Pixel adjacency is another important concept in digital images.
Pixel area ca.
Pixel color is defined by the currently selected stroke color.
Pixel color is determined by which attractor captures the orbit.
Pixel content is controlled by input resolution.
All pixel coordinates are zero relative.
Pixel data can lead to interesting bipartite graphs.
Pixel data is packed four pixels per word.
Pixel data is packed two pixels per word.
Pixel density depends on the amount of capacitors on the CCD chip.
Pixel density is in pixels per inch.
Pixel depth describes how many colors or tones each pixel in a bitmap can have.
Pixel dimensions work well for Web pages, for example.
Pixel dissolves are coarser under windows.
Pixel formats differ in many ways, notably the pixel depth.
Pixel graphics lose quality under certain conditions such as zooming.
Pixel intensity relates circumferential displacement.
Pixel intensity represents an average from tissue within the voxel.
Pixel jitter is an individual sampling, or per pixel, error caused by the pixel clock.
Pixel jitter is reduced and image quality improved.
Pixel plot is the standard plot style.
Pixel points swirl on liquid crystal.
Pixel position is in the dispersion direction and starts at zero for the first pixel.
Pixel replication is a simple and speedy operation.
Pixel scope provides continuous update of captured data.
Pixel sensitivity is generally quite good and defects are small and few.
Pixel settings are the raw number of pixels on the screen.
Pixel size is fixed in angular size.
Pixel size is now the default for new projects.
Pixel size is one meter, about the size of a single observing pad.
Pixel units are relative to the screen resolution of the viewing computer.
All pixel values are within an acceptance range.
All pixel values have a contrast that is proportional to their contribution to the image.
A pixel is an element
Pixel encourages people to think.
Pixel finds computer screen niche .
Pixel means picture element so in other words, they are a picture file.
Pixel offset for the emboss.
Pixel play page Below are examples of plots produced by the java display routine.
Pixel pushing Once the charge is accumulated, it needs to be serialized as a video signal.
Pixel refuses to have a web page.
Pixel stands for picture element.
Pixels are a bit easier.
Pixels are a computer thing.
Pixels are a selling feature.
Pixels are an abbreviation for picture elements.
Pixels are bits.
Pixels are cheap.
Pixels are Cheap.
Pixels are components.
Pixels are contiguous if they are connected either on their sides or diagonally.
Pixels are copied in row order from the lowest to the highest row, left to right in each row.
Pixels are definable locations on the display screen that are used to form images on the screen.
Pixels are 'dots' that emit colored light.
Pixels are heavy.
Pixels are independent.
Pixels are just a unit of measurement like cm or inches.
Pixels are just mosaic tiles made from glowing phosphors or LCD elements on a screen.
Pixels are like inches because they both measure length in increments.
Pixels are little colored dots.
Pixels are one arcsecond.
Pixels are only to be found in the topmost layers of the cloth.
Pixels are part of rasters.
Pixels are pixels regardless of screen resolution, platform, browser choice, or browser version.
Pixels are quite noticeable on the player sprites.
Pixels are small squares of solid black, white, grays or color.
Pixels are so close together that they are seen as connected by the naked eye.
Pixels are taller than they are wide, distorting images.
Pixels are the basic building blocks of a digital image.
Pixels are the basic building blocks of all digital images.
Pixels are the basic stuff of layers, and layers are stacked to make images.
Pixels are the building blocks of a fish-finder's display.
Pixels are the dots that make up a visible image on the screen.
Pixels are the familiar square features seen when a digital image is zoomed into.
Pixels are the individual dots that make up an image.
Pixels are the individual squares that make up an image.
Pixels are the little squares that can be seen when a graphics image is enlarged.
Pixels are the native unit of measure on the web.
Pixels are the number of dots per square inch on an image.
Pixels are the smallest elements on a computer monitor.
Pixels are the smallest unit on the screen grid that can be displayed.
Pixels are the standard measurement for screen-bound images.
Pixels are the standard unit of measure for Web images.
Pixels become smaller, so the resolution increases.
Pixels come in various sizes and their size is expressed in terms of resolution.
Pixels contain color, grayscale or black and white information about each tiny square of the image.
Pixels contain different gray values and together create an image.
Pixels have an alpha, red, green, and blue element, where alpha is the transparency level.
Pixels have color depth called bits .
Pixels have to be redrawn if they move from frame to frame.
Pixels have very slightly different dimensions in the horizontal and vertical directions.
Pixels keep on shrinking.
Pixels make up the video information on a television screen.
Pixels reduce the energy loss at impact.
Pixels replace feet and loops replace seconds.
Pixels seen in close-up are tiny squares of different brightnesses or colors.
Pixels show more as the camera warms up.
Pixels stand for picture element, and are the tiny dots that make up a digital image.
Pixels swallow light from a target, such as a star or a galaxy.
Pixels take memory, and the higher the number of pixels, the more memory is needed.
All pixels are the same size.
All pixels have the same shape.
All pixels selects only pixels no transparent areas.
Any pixel touched by the eraser is removed and set to transparent.
Every pixel has a color and all the pixels together are the picture .
Every pixel has a color and all the pixels together are the picture.
Every pixel has a color value and position in the image.
Every pixel has a purpose.
Every pixel has to be individually accounted for.
Every pixel having some opacity is drawn.
Every pixel is classified using the image region surrounding the each pixel.
Every pixel is composed of a red green and blue element.
Every pixel is encrypted using a new coin toss.
Every pixel is fully detailed.
Every pixel is given a grey shading corresponding to the pixel value.
Every pixel is inverted, so the background and enemies seem to conflict.
Every pixel is made up of red, green and blue light.
Every pixel is perfect.
Every pixel is represented by a vector in a colour space.
Every pixel is restored.
Every pixel then has a measured response to a known light intensity.
Many pixels cooperate to make a picture.
More pixels add detail and sharpen edges.
More pixels are better, because the screen can display more detailed images.
More pixels bring sharper detail to the screen.
More pixels enable clearer printed images.
More pixels mean better quality.
More pixels mean better resolution and sharper image quality.
More pixels mean better resolution and sharper images.
More pixels mean finer detail.
More pixels mean more details in the images.
More pixels mean sharper images.
More pixels means higher-definition displays.
More pixels needed for drawing a scaled variation of the image are available.
More pixels result in a higher resolution, or level of detail possible in a picture.
More Pixels translate into sharper photos that can be enlarged without losing too much detail.
Some pixels are more nonlinear and others less.
Some pixels get red filters, others get green or blue color filters.
Some pixels get red filters, others get green or blue filters.
Some pixels remain unknown.
Pixie is fairy
Pixie is software.
Pixies fly high, Pixies fly low, Pixies are the ones to know.
Pixies have the gift mesmer and the gift of tongues.
Pixies live in England, where they pull pranks on people.
Pixies logo on the cover.
Pixies adore music and love to dance in the moonlight to the music of frogs and crickets.
Pixies also delight in rapping on walls, blowing out candles, and playing in water.
Pixies are usually mischevious.
Pixies have a particular talent - they make music using the wind.
Pixies logo on the cover.
Pixies love to play.
Pixies normally appear the size of a human hand, with squinting eyes and red hair.
Pixies seem to prefer overcast, even drizzly weather.
Pixy is bands.
Pixy is fairy
Pizza boxes are also recyclable, but please dump out food content.
Pizza boxes fill three garbage containers, and the air in Lansing becomes quiet and cool.
Pizza chains serve pizza, primarily a dinnertime product.
Pizza chains use a blend.
Pizza cheese is a major use of their milk.
Pizza crust is very crisp, tender, non-oily.
Pizza deliveries are located in front doors.
Pizza deliveries require a little bit of planning.
Pizza delivery is now available.
Pizza delivery is offered.
Pizza delivery is possible only in Orange County, Southern California.
Pizza dough contains yeast.
Pizza dough is made daily from an original recipe and prepared in an Italian wood-fired oven.
Most pizza dough contains yeast.
Pizza hut has three locations in town.
Pizza hut is just way too greasy.
Pizza ovens use a continuous fire in the oven during the baking.
Some pizza ovens produce a lot of kitchen heat.
A pizza parlor is a store
Pizza parlors take off on the East Coast.
Many pizza parlors feature salad bars.
Pizza parties are important but short-term rewards.
Pizza party given for students with highest percentage of books read.
Pizza party is a good idea too, but candy dish is something that is ongoing.
Pizza places deliver.
Many pizza places use cheaper cheese that has been rushed through processing .
Many pizza places use cheaper cheese that has been rushed through processing.
Most pizza places draw on the people who live within a quarter mile of the shop.
Pizza Sauce Provides a perfect balance of tomato flavor and Italian seasonings.
Pizza stones are another option.
Pizza stones retain more heat, darken and season with use enriching their cooking properties.
Pizza toppings are the most common cultural adaptation.
Pizza wheels make quick work of slicing the perfect pie.
A pizza is a dish
Pizza also comes in different varieties.
Pizza can be a good-fast food choice.
Pizza can be nutritious, but only certain varieties.
Pizza can be the traditional crust, thin, pan or stuffed.
Pizza can be very healthy, and it's an easy meal for leftovers.
Pizza comes from another dimension where the midgets rule the Earth and there is no color yellow.
Pizza comes in various sizes, in ten inches, fourteen inches and their large sixteen inches.
Pizza comes with a clutch of discounted tokens, so almost everybody orders pizza.
Pizza concludes the event.
Pizza cooked in wood ovens is a popular favorite here, along with tapas and pasta dishes.
Pizza demands red wine.
Pizza does remain a concern.
Pizza everywhere is what it is about.
Pizza generally doesn t keep well overnight.
Pizza generally goes down well.
Pizza Grab a slice of pizza pie.
Pizza helps everyone with busy schedules unwind and fill up before the peer support groups meet.
Pizza is a food based on bread.
Pizza is a good source of protein, complex carbohydrates, vitamins and minerals.
Pizza is a great way to use up leftovers.
Pizza is a local business.
Pizza is a more generally useful innovation.
Pizza is a perennial favorite and can be made with soy cheese for vegans.
Pizza is a specialty.
Pizza is a terrific food.
Pizza is a thing.
Pizza is abundant.
Pizza is acquired.
Pizza is also a staple.
Pizza is also a very famous dish of Italian cuisine.
Pizza is also available.
Pizza is also good, but so are a lot of others in town.
Pizza is always a good remedy.
Pizza is always a welcome treat.
Pizza is always easy, but more creative foods work well too.
Pizza is an easy item for vegetarians.
Pizza is an example.
Pizza is an excellent source of nutrition.
Pizza is an impulse food, more impulses more sales.
Pizza is an item that hasn t been tried on our grill.
Pizza is at the forefront of a global capitalist economy.
Pizza is available before, after, or during the show.
Pizza is available both at lunch and dinner.
Pizza is available by the slice and by the pie.
Pizza is available by the slice as well as whole pizzas to go.
Pizza is available by the slice or whole pies.
Pizza is available in many places too.
Pizza is available to students who wish to talk with the presenters after the talks.
Pizza is available with a small monetary contribution and pre-registration.
Pizza is available.
Pizza is baked in authentic brick ovens for traditional Italian pizza.
Pizza is baked in the brick wood-fired oven.
Pizza is best.
Pizza is better than big names.
Pizza is big is Sacramento.
Pizza is bread with sauce and cheese on it.
Pizza is brought in during evening shifts.
Pizza is cheaper than salad.
Pizza is clearly the most convenient of all fast foods.
Pizza is common.
Pizza is constructed with a crispy homemade crust and plenty of fresh vegetables and premium meats.
Pizza is cooked in a brick oven.
Pizza is cooked in a oven.
Pizza is cooked in a wood-burning oven.
Pizza is displayed upon a cooking tray.
Pizza is done when crust is golden brown and cheese is melted.
Pizza is done when edges of crust are golden and cheese is bubbly.
Pizza is done when the crust is golden brown and cheese is melted.
Pizza is easy to order and serve, and almost everyone enjoys it.
Pizza is easy to remove due to the patented heating system and non-stick coating.
Pizza is eaten with the hands, unless it is too hot or sloppy.
Pizza is entirely different in Italy.
Pizza is entitled to protection from the rain.
Pizza is essential.
Pizza is everywhere.
Pizza is extremely tasty here.
Pizza is free for IEEE members, provided funds are available.
Pizza is front and center on the menu.
Pizza is good becase mostly everyone likes it.
Pizza is good to eat anytime of the day.
Pizza is good, but anything works.
Pizza is good, but the sauce and crust are a little bland.
Pizza is great, blooming onion, cheese fries, stuffed peppers are hot.
Pizza is high in carbohydrates and fat, so a little goes a long way for a person with diabetes.
Pizza is huge business in Kansas.
Pizza is included for dinner.
Pizza is infinitely adaptable, a trait that serves it well.
Pizza is just the beginning.
Pizza is like running.
Pizza is made of a piece of fermented dough.
Pizza is mainstream.
Pizza is more Chinese than American style, though.
Pizza is much better here in Naples than in anywhere else in Italy.
Pizza is much more than a cookbook.
Pizza is now as American as apple pie.
Pizza is nutritious and easily absorbed by human body.
Pizza is on the bubble.
Pizza is on the way.
Pizza is one of our oldest cooked foods.
Pizza is one of the most fluid, rapidly evolving dishes there is.
Pizza is ordered by name.
Pizza is ordered.
Pizza is our excuse to get together as a family.
Pizza is popular, as are blackened ribeye steak, halibut with tequila cream and baby back ribs.
Pizza is provided to our members.
Pizza is provided.
Pizza is really more of an American dish than a traditional Italian dish.
Pizza is revered.
Pizza is served to the general student body and faculty at a minimal charge.
Pizza is served until closing.
Pizza is served.
Pizza is sold everywhere.
Pizza is sold on weekdays and weekends offer more food selections, music, and pony rides.
Pizza is sold weekly by the members of the club, and recieve points for their work.
Pizza is sooooo coool.
Pizza is such a great facilitator for herbs.
Pizza is supplied.
Pizza is tasty.
Pizza is the church.
Pizza is the exception.
Pizza is the favorite food of many pizza lovers.
Pizza is the first item on the menu - appropriately in a place of honor.
Pizza is the first lady's horse.
Pizza is the incentive to come.
Pizza is the Italian word for pie.
Pizza is the most loved product in America.
Pizza is the most popular choice on the school lunch menu in the United States.
Pizza is the preferred fuel for all night coding and debugging sessions.
Pizza is the specialty here, although the menu also features excellent pastas and other dishes.
Pizza is the staple food of choice, and it comes in sizes as small as the individual pie.
Pizza is the staple item, but the cafe also serves lasagna, salads and submarine sandwiches.
Pizza is their specialty and comes in small medium and large sizes.
Pizza is thin crust style and generous with the toppings.
Pizza is thought to have evolved from early Egypitan flat bread.
Pizza is very big in Israel.
Pizza is very forgiving.
Pizza is very popular with children.
Pizza isa nourishment.
Pizza isa sustenance.
Pizza just shows up at the door.
Pizza lubricates the social life of adults, too.
Pizza made with a ready-made and baked crust is particular easy to prepare.
Pizza makes everything better.
Pizza provides the perfect palate for creativity.
Pizza replaces bonuses.
Pizza seems like the logical choice for dinner. .
Pizza sounds blah and there's nothing else on hand.
Pizza sounds great.
Pizza starts with a bread dough crust.
Pizza take out and delivery.
Pizza takes on a smoky and delicious dimension when it is prepared on the grill.
Pizza topped with vegetables is another good choice.
Pizzas are a delight.
Pizzas are a great way to use left-overs.
Pizzas are a large part of the menu.
Pizzas are also popular.
Pizzas are an easy way to do it.
Pizzas are another strength.
Pizzas are baked plate size and eaten with a knife and fork.
Pizzas are dishs.
Pizzas are fast food.
Pizzas are finger food.
Pizzas are food.
Pizzas are for one person.
Pizzas are good food.
Pizzas are located in ovens.
Pizzas are located in plates.
Pizzas are located in restaurants.
Pizzas are main courses.
Pizzas are non-transferable.
Pizzas are popular here, and for good reason.
Pizzas are problematic, too.
Pizzas are the cracker-style version and are pretty good.
Pizzas are the primary attraction here.
Pizzas are to be ordered for a party.
Pizzas cause a desire to drinks.
Pizzas come by the slice or whole, and the tasty crusts are crisp cornmeal.
Pizzas come in different sizes.
Pizzas come in thin crust or deep dish with an abundance of toppings from which to choose.
Pizzas come in three sizes, individual, medium and large and the cafe accepts carry out orders.
Pizzas come with a soft sweet crust, homemade sauce and a selection of fresh traditional toppings.
Pizzas come with a variety of toppings nowadays, instead of just the basic cheese flavor.
Pizzas emerge from the oven with crackly crusts and oozing cheese, sausage, and veggies.
Pizzas have (part) sauces.
Pizzas have (part) sections.
Pizzas have a nice spongy crust, charred a little on the bottom.
Pizzas monopolize the menu but there is a variety of offerings as well.
Pizzas provide nutrients.
Pizzas sport thin, crisp crusts but suffer from cheese glut.
Pizza always works well because there is no cooking.
All pizzas are available without cheese.
All pizzas are handmade fresh and quickly frozen to preserve their hot out of the oven freshness.
All pizzas are prepared and served fresh throughout the day.
All pizzas are thin crust and include homemade pizza sauce.
All pizzas come in three sizes and are baked in wood-fired ovens, so expect crispy crust.
All pizzas come with baking instructions on the lid.
All pizzas come with heating instructions.
All pizzas come with mozzarella unless otherwise specified.
All pizzas come with very light sauce and stewed tomatoes.
More pizza is consumed during Super Bowl week than any other week.
Most pizzas provide nutrients.
Some pizzas combine cheese.
Some pizzas combine cream cheese.
Some pizzas combine rich cream cheese.
A pizzazz is an activity
Pizzazz has a huge selction of beer, wine and liquor.
Pizzazz is located across the corridor from Panache, and is fully supervised.
Pizzazz seems to have it locked down.
A pizzeria is a store
Pizzerias are everywhere, too, and the availability of Mexican food is on the rise.
Pizzerias are located in capital cities.
Pizzerias are located in cities.
Pizzerias are located in food courts.
Pizzerias are located in malls.
Pizzerias are restaurants.
Pizzerias are shops.
Pizzerias do it by offering a free pizza to anyone moving into their area.
Pizzerias offer delicious thin crust pizzas at moderate prices.
Pizzerias vary in their selection and prices.
Most pizzerias carry a line of traditional toppings.
Most pizzerias carry just one type of each.
A pizzicato is music
Pizzicato now has twelve stores in the Portland area, and one in Vancouver, Washington.
Pkg packages are the same format as rpm packages.
A placard is a sign
Placards allow vehicles to park in designated areas and free of charge at parking meters.
Placards allow vehicles to park in designated areas.
Placards are color coded to facilitate clarity .
Placards are just bigger labels which are placed on the outside of the vehicle.
Placards are signs put on the outside of a vehicle which identify the hazard class of the cargo.
Placards enable the hazards of a cargo to be identified from a distance.
Placards expire four years from the date of issuance.
Placards explain the action and help the transition between scenes.
Placards explain the mill's original workings, which are still intact.
Placards increase the public perception of the risks associated with driving while impaired.
All placards are subject to verification from the state to ensure ownership, validity, etc.
Many placards are red or orange, while a few are white or green.
Place cards add a nice touch, as do candles, fresh flowers, or mini gourds.
Place cards designate assigned seats at a particular table.
Place cards face down and take turns finding a match.
Place cards face down six rows across and three columns down or vice versa.
Place cards face down.
Place cards identify each food item.
Place house plants out of reach.
A place mat is a mat
Place mats allow for versatility.
Place mats are fleece lined for added stability.
Place mats are located in tables.
Place mats are mats.
Place mats are purple to complement the purple napkins.
Place mats map the table.
A place name is a name
Place name rhymes.
Place name searches work well, and users can view maps at different scales and in different sizes.
Place names are a window into the history and characteristics of a country.
Place names are an important part of everyday life.
Place names are generally to be found on the high resolution versions.
Place names are in Greek script.
Place names are moderately frequent.
Place names are much harder to extract.
Place names are names.
Place names are optional.
Place names are somewhat subjective.
Place names are spelt in the local form with a supplement layer providing alternative spellings.
Place names are usually difficult for newcomers unless they apply the simple rules given above.
Place names can be a tad confusing.
Place names can be all sorts of things.
Place names can be names of countries, regions or cities.
Place names can be names of countries, regions, or cities.
Place names can reveal much about a culture area even after that culture has gone.
Place names can tell the history of an area.
Place names change and can be imprecise.
Place names continue to evolve.
Place names echo the impact of invaders.
Place names ending in thorp, kirk and by all have a Danish origin.
Place names evoke American history - the towns of Plymouth, Salem, Lexington, and Concord.
Place names follow the T ang administrative pattern.
Place names hold a clue.
Place names link to official local government election sites.
Place names mark their passing.
Place names provide inspiration for menus, too.
Place names reflect people's ideas and experience about the city and nature.
Place names used throughout the narrative are distinctly of the southern kingdom.
All place names are in Wisconsin unless otherwise indicated.
All place names are Serbian, all churches, all monasteries and other cultural monuments are Serb.
Every place name tells a story.
Most place names are informal.
Most place names are with out the .
Some place names give information about the natural features of the area.
Some place names remain in use, but the French presence is relegated to history.
Place of articulation is cued by frequency changes over time.
A place of birth is a place
Place of birth is required for submission of the on-line application.
Place of birth is required for submission of the online application.
Place of birth is unknown.
Place of death can be actual location, legal residence or funeral address.
Place of death can be actual location, legal residence, or funeral address.
Place of death is important.
Place of death is unknown.
Place of employment is near home.
Place of employment means the worksite or physical location where the work actually is performed.
Places of employment are as diverse as the employment title.
Places of employment have losses in personnel and productivity that are difficult to absorb.
Some places of employment have shower facilities.
Some places of employment offer financial assistance.
Some places of employment pay regular wages while an individual is serving on jury duty.
Place of incorporation is immaterial.
Places of interest are close together.
All places of interest are avialable.
Many places of interest are open on Sundays.
Many places of interest are within easy reach and can be explored on day or weekend trips.
Many places of interest are within easy reach.
Many places of interest are within easy walking distance with the exclusive shopping areas.
Most places of interest are within walking distance.
A place of origin is a source
Place of origin has a significant role in cold injury susceptibility.
Place of work is an expensive variable to code at submunicipal levels of geographies.
Places of work are with the network partners .
Place of worship is a building
Places of worship are a priceless part of England's built heritage.
Places of worship are appropriate for faith based dialogue about sexuality.
Places of worship are community gateways through which millions of persons pass each week.
Places of worship are great places to meet nice people with all sorts of interests.
Places of worship are more difficult to lead and manage than are community service organizations.
Places of worship are quiet places for prayers and reflection.
Places of worship are widespread and all denominations exist side by side.
Places of worship attract a steady stream of pilgrims and devotees.
Places of worship can encourage their members to volunteer for tobacco prevention programs.
Places of worship can play a focal point in rural and urban communities.
Places of worship is buildings.
Most places of worship are good sources of contacts.
A place setting is a table service
Place setting includes dinner plate, cup and saucer, bread and butter plate and salad plate.
Place settings are simple and elegant.
Place table headings at the left margin followed by a colon and followed by one tab.
Place value is a very difficult and abstract concept for students to understand.
Place value is extended to ten-thousandths.
Place value is illustrated and emphasized.
Place value is important.
Place value is just as clear in the words as it is in the numbers themselves.
Place value is something that can easily be practiced at home using simple objects around the house.
Place value is very interesting to think about.
Place value is vitally important to all later mathematics.
A place is a point
Place adds for adoption and carefully screen respondents.
Place adds in newspapers informing the general public about radiation health issues.
Place adobes behind the first adobe.
Place aliases in brackets.
Place almonds in a blender.
Place almonds in a food processor and grind finely.
Place almonds in a pointed paper cup or a cone of wax paper and cut off tip.
Place almonds in a small saucepan with a little cold water, bring to a boil, drain.
Place almonds in dry frying pan and lightly brown on low heat, stirring frequently.
Place almonds on a baking sheet, toast under broiler until lightly browned and set aside.
Place almonds on sheet of waxed paper.
Place also manages an additional facility for a university.
Place amaryllis out of reach.
Place appendixes at the end of the text before the Acknowledgments.
Place apples around roast.
Place apples in a baking dish coated with cooking spray.
Place apples in a baking dish.
Place apples in a glass casserole dish with a cover.
Place apples in a large baking dish.
Place apples in a large bowl and sprinkle with flour and nutmeg, toss.
Place apples in a large bowl.
Place apples in a large kettle, cover with water and bring to a boil.
Place apples in a pie plate.
Place apples in a small baking dish.
Place apples in a small bowl and microwave on high for two minutes.
Place apples in an ascorbic acid solution to prevent darkening.
Place apples in an oven proof glass casserole dish.
Place apples in baking dish and return to oven until butter sizzles.
Place apples in baking dish.
Place apples in base.
Place apples in crust, sprinkle with dry mixture and put butter on top, then top with crust.
Place apples in deep buttered dish, pour enough apple peel liquid to coer halfway.
Place apples in greased baking pan.
Place apples in it and have the children try to get the apples out using only their mouth.
Place apples in layers in pastry-lined pan.
Place apples in microwave safe baking dish.
Place apples in oiled baking dish.
Place apples in pan.
Place apples in pie shell.
Place apples in pie-crust and sprinkle with lemon juice.
Place apples in shallow glass dish and cover with foil.
Place apples in small baking dish.
Place apples in small glass baking dish with water.
Place apples on a cookie sheet and bake in the oven until soft.
Place apples on a greased cookie sheet to harden.
Place apples on balance.
Place apples on buttered pan to cool.
Place apples on buttered waxed paper.
Place apples on cake batter in pan.
Place apples on dough.
Place apples on prepared baking sheet and cool.
Place apples on prepared baking sheet to cool completely.
Place apples on prepared filo layers that have been brushed with butter.
Place apples on rack or in basket.
Place apples on small baking sheet.
Place apples on top of baked beans.
Place apples on top of batter with rounded side up.
Place apples on top of cream and cheese mixture.
Place apples onto serving plates.
Place apples over brown sugar.
Place apples over jam, dot with butter.
Place apples over mixture.
Place apples pieces over bottom of prepared pan.
Place apples slices in a large bowl.
Place apples upright in a baking dish.
Place apples upright in a buttered baking dish.
Place appliances out of children's reach and far back from counter edges.
Place are non-smoking buildings.
Place are stationary during the day and active at night.
Place arm a few inches away.
Place arms our straight, one on top of the other.
Place arrowheads on all light rays in order to show which direction they are moving.
Place arrowheads on each line.
Place arrowheads on each vector.
Place arrowheads upon the rays to indicate their direction of travel.
Place bait approximately two inches from the back of the trap.
Place bait in as many vole runs and tunnels as possible.
Place bait into a burrow system by hand after opening the main tunnel or with a hand probe.
Place ballottine in large shallow roasting pan.
Place balls about an inch apart on ungreased cookie sheet.
Place balls back in the middle and play again, or play the game in reverse.
Place balls on a cookie sheet covered with wax paper and chill in refrigerator.
Place balls on a cookie sheet.
Place balls real or imitation - around the party room.
Place balls two inches apart on greased and floured baking sheet.
Place batches in a casserole for quick reheating.
Place beads following circles on diagram.
Place beads on in order of verse with a clear bead between each colored bead.
Place beads stock back in refrigerator.
Place beagle puppy in pre-focused spot and return to camera.
Place bear meat in the bowl a little at a time and coat well.
Place beaten egg is shallow bowl or pie pan.
Place becomes a major definer of genre as well as objects within place.
Place beds either on the ground or raised above the ground.
Place berries a handful at a time into a strainer.
Place berries upside down in pan starting at outside and working in.
Place bets online on that week's game.
Place bicycles indoors and in proper storage areas.
Place bicycles indoors and in the proper storage areas.
Place bicycles indoors in proper storage areas.
Place birdbaths off the ground and away from shrubbery where cats can hide.
Place biscuits around the edge of the casserold.
Place biscuits at least two inches apart on a baking sheet sprayed with a non-stick cooking spray.
Place biscuits directly on the oven shelf and place near the coals.
Place biscuits in a bowl, melt butter, sugar, cocoa in a pan over medium heat .
Place biscuits in a bunt pan, angel food pan, or better yet- line a pie tin with flaky jacks.
Place biscuits in dish and pour remaining butter over top of biscuits.
Place biscuits in hot oil.
Place biscuits into a greased pan with edges touching.
Place biscuits into greased muffin cups, pressing gently to fit cups.
Place biscuits near outer edge of hot meat mixture, overlapping slightly.
Place biscuits on a baking sheet.
Place biscuits on a greased baking sheet with their edges barely touching.
Place biscuits on a greased baking sheet.
Place biscuits on a light-colored baking sheet.
Place biscuits on a lightly greased cookie sheet.
Place biscuits on a wire rack to cool Store in an airtight container.
Place biscuits on an ungreased baking sheet covered with cornmeal.
Place biscuits on an ungreased baking sheet.
Place biscuits on baking sheet.
Place biscuits on greased baking sheet.
Place biscuits on greased cookie sheet.
Place biscuits on lightly-greased baking sheet.
Place biscuits on prepared baking sheet, two inches apart.
Place biscuits on prepared trays.
Place biscuits on serving plate, frost with icing sugar and serve when cool.
Place biscuits on the prepared cookie sheet.
Place biscuits on top of chicken mixture.
Place biscuits on top of stew.
Place biscuits on ungreased cookie sheet.
Place biscuits on ungreased cooking sheet.
Place biscuits on ungreased large cookie sheet.
Place biscuits onto a lightly greased cookie sheet.
Place biscuits onto an ungreased cookie sheet.
Place biscuits side by side and touching one another.
Place biscuits so that they touch on ungreased baking sheet.
Place blanks at the end of the statement.
Place blintzes in pan.
Place bones an inch apart on a buttered and flour-dusted baking sheets.
Place booklets for free distribution at gun shops and shooting ranges.
Place bookshelves against the exterior walls for an insulating effect.
Place boudins in heavy saucepot and cover with equal parts milk and water.
Place bow on top of box and use floral wire to anach to ribbons.
Place bow sleeves over rear bow halves.
Place bowls on a cookie sheet.
Place bowls on a large serving plate, or platter.
Place bowls on baking sheet.
Place bowls on cookie sheet and broil until cheese bubbles and browns slightly.
Place bowls on cookie sheet to catch any spills.
Place bows on paper towels to drain out excess oil.
Place boxes on top of each other if they are equal in strength.
Place boxes with a bit of common sense.
Place brackets around the part that shows the compact or pledge of the signers.
Place brackets over screw holes.
Place breadstix tray on middle rack and turn off oven.
Place breaks after the street address and city.
Place breasts in a large pot and coat with sauce.
Place breasts in a shallow glass or ceramic dish.
Place breasts in pot and coat with sauce.
Place breasts in shallow pan.
Place breasts into pan in a single layer, skin-side down.
Place breasts on a rack in roaster and coat each one with blueberry mixture.
Place breasts on bacon and roll up.
Place breasts on baking sheet coated with cooking spray.
Place breasts on grill.
Place breasts on platter and cover with apple and orange.
Place breasts on top of each other and in the center of the dough.
Place briquettes on the sealed lid.
Place buckets on top of each liner.
Place bunnies on baking sheet coated with cooking spray.
Place cakes in baking dish.
Place cakes on cooling grid and pour icing over cakes to cover.
Place cakes on dessert plates and sprinkle with powdered sugar.
Place cakes on top.
Place cakes on waxed paper to decorate.
Place call early in the morning.
Place calls as requested.
Place calls during low Internet traffic times.
Place calls TO anywhere in the continental United States.
Place calls when the car is stopped or before pulling out into traffic.
Place calves on ball and hands on floor at side.
Place can also provide an incidental richness and a tool to achieve other ends.
Place can be very important in community identity and spirit.
Place can curbside no earlier than the evening before collection.
Place can get kind of wet in the winter.
Place can Hand out egg off none croquet sets for sale both blame up some cattle.
Place can in the freezer to solidify fat for easy removal.
Place can provoke new information, funny stories, and great dialogue.
Place can refer to a country, province or other entity that has jurisdiction in adoption matters.
Place capo on second or third fret for most songs to match the original recorded key.
Place caps in a shallow baking pan.
Place caps in the box at the room.
Place caps on a plate with the gills up.
Place caps on buttered baking sheet and set aside.
Place caps on containers and attach labels describing the contents and when each was prepared.
Place caps on cookie sheet.
Place caps on greased baking sheet.
Place caps on jars immediately after use.
Place caps on sheet tray and drizzle extra virgin olive oil to moisten.
Place caps onto cookie sheet.
Place capsicums whole under the grill.
Place carsonite on road with trail number on both sides of carsonite.
Place carsonite with trail number and direction arrow.
Place carsonite with trail number and directional arrow.
Place cassettes in mailing boxes, insert mailing labels, and deposit in mail bags by zip code.
Place cauliflower around tree.
Place cherry half in center of each cookie, pressing down lightly.
Place cherry half in each pineapple ring.
Place chicken a few pieces at a time in seasoning mixture, shaking to coat.
Place chicken a resealable bag or bowl and cover with sauce to marinate overnight.
Place chilis on burner for several minutes until skins blister.
Place chops on a hot grill, and flip quickly, searing each side.
Place chops over mixture.
Place chunks in mixing bowl.
Place chunks loosely in a pickle crock.
Place circles on a lightly floured plate or baking sheet and set aside in refrigerator.
Place circles over filling.
Place circles over the fillings and press the rims to seal.
Place claims best.
Place clamps on the four corners.
Place clamps securely in tracks to prevent top section of door from coming down.
Place clams in a frying pan, add sake, cover and heat on high.
Place clams in indivisual small bowls.
Place clams in sauce pot and cover.
Place clams in the bottom of a clam steamer or deep boiling pot.
Place clams in well-established tanks for the best results.
Place clams on a broiler pan.
Place clams on the bottom of the tank, where they can establish themselves.
Place clams on the half shell on a baking sheet.
Place clams on top of mixture and simmer on medium heat until clams open.
Place cleaning bottle with cap end down inside the carriage send unit.
Place clothespins on each corner.
Place cloves all the way into the cuts.
Place clumps together onto foam as close as possible.
Place cobs in large sauce pan, set kernels aside.
Place collards into a large pot and cover with water.
Place Come in second.
Place Come on in.
Place comes alive at night with dancing on and off the sand volley-ball court.
Place cones across the entire front row of the social sciences parking lot.
Place cones around the truck and trailer to create a safer work area.
Place contains the demotic or ethnic of a person.
Place contents into a gallon jar with lid.
Place contents into bread pan and bake at a low heat for a couple of years.
Place controls consistently on every form.
Place controls for audio and video signals within access of the teacher.
Place controls on or near the luminaires, or in a convenient location for residents.
Place cookies about an inch apart on baking sheets and sprinkle with colored sugar or sprinkles.
Place cookies at least one inch apart onto the prepared cookie sheets.
Place cookies back on baking sheet.
Place cookies flat side down on greased cookie sheet.
Place cookies in a basket to be munched on.
Place cookies in an ungreased cookie sheet.
Place cookies in cookie tin that has been lined with tissue paper.
Place cookies in food processor fitted with metal blade and process into uniform crumbs.
Place cookies in hot oven.
Place cookies in refrigerator until caramel is set.
Place cookies in the refrigerator to set then into an airtight container to store.
Place cookies in zip-locked bag, crush with rolling pin.
Place cookies into oven and turn off the oven.
Place cookies on a baking sheet.
Place cookies on a clean surface.
Place cookies on a cookie sheet and paint the top with the egg white mixture.
Place cookies on a cookie sheet lined with waxed paper.
Place cookies on a cooling rack over a lined baking pan.
Place cookies on a cooling rack, wax paper or sheets of foil to cool completely.
Place cookies on a large ungreased cookie sheet.
Place cookies on a lightly greased baking sheet.
Place cookies on a plate, sift confectioner's sugar on, and transfer to platter to serve.
Place cookies on a rack to finish cooling.
Place cookies on a round cookie sheet oiled with olive oil.
Place cookies on a tray and refrigerate until the caramel is firm.
Place cookies on a wire rack and allow to cool completely.
Place cookies on a wire rack and allow to cool.
Place cookies on an ungreased cookie sheet.
Place cookies on baking pan, allowing space between cookies.
Place cookies on baking sheets seeded side up.
Place cookies on baking sheets.
Place cookies on central rack.
Place cookies on cookie sheet.
Place cookies on cutting board.
Place cookies on greased baking sheet.
Place cookies on greased cookie sheets.
Place cookies on grill.
Place cookies on lightly greased baking sheets.
Place cookies on lowest rack of oven.
Place cookies on oiled cookie sheet.
Place cookies on parchment lined baking sheet and chill in refrigerator to harden chocolate.
Place cookies on prepared cookie sheets.
Place cookies on rack covered with absorbent paper.
Place cookies on sheet, allowing two to three inches between each.
Place cookies on the prepared baking sheets.
Place cookies on the prepared cookie sheets.
Place cookies on their sides on baking sheet.
Place cookies on ungreased baking sheet.
Place cookies on ungreased baking sheets.
Place cookies on ungreased cookie sheet.
Place cookies on un-greased cookie sheet.
Place cookies on ungreased cookie sheets.
Place cookies on wax paper, on plates, and put in the refrigerator.
Place cookies on waxed paper and drizzle with glaze.
Place cookies on waxed paper line cookie sheets.
Place cookies on waxed paper on a cookie sheet.
Place cookies on wire cooling racks to cool.
Place cookies on wire rack set over waxed paper to catch any drips.
Place cookies on wire racks positioned over waxed paper.
Place cookies on wire racks to cool.
Place cookies on wire racks, chocolate side up, until cool and dry.
Place cookies onto a cookie sheet and let rest uncovered overnight.
Place cookies onto a parchment lined baking sheet.
Place cookies onto an ungreased cookie sheet.
Place cookies onto parchment lined baking sheet.
Place cookies onto prepared trays.
Place cookies onto the prepare baking sheets.
Place cookies onto the prepared baking sheets.
Place cookies onto the prepared sheets.
Place cookies separately on the prepared baking sheets.
Place cookies two inches apart on baking sheet and place in oven.
Place cookies with chocolate-almond sides up on a wire rack.
Place cookies with holes over the jam, almond-sugar side up, to make sandwiches.
Place cookies with holes sugar side up atop jam-covered cookies.
Place cookies, flat side up, on wax paper.
Place copy in box below.
Place corks back in bowl, and place into microwave.
Place cornflakes cereal crumbs in a third small bowl.
Place cornflakes in a bowl and drizzle with melted margarine.
Place cornflakes in a plastic bag.
Place cornflakes in a separate bowl.
Place cornflakes into a plastic storage bag.
Place cornmeal around tomato plants for cutworm control.
Place cornmeal in a medium bowl, and toss in zucchini slices, mixing thoroughly to coat.
Place cornmeal in a medium-size bowl.
Place cover on and insert the air lock.
Place cover on pot.
Place cover over test vial and invert several times to mix.
Place cover squarely onto the top of the drum and make sure it is seated on the top of the drum.
Place covers on both jugs and shake jugs until the salt solution is mixed.
Place covers on mattresses to keep clean during moving and storage.
Place covers on pillows and mattresses to keep dust mites out and to make for easier cleaning.
Place covers on the tub spout to avoid bumps.
Place covers over cisterns, cesspools, septic tanks, fire barrels, rain barrels and tubs.
Place covers over holes as soon as they are created if no work is being done at the hole.
Place crepe on a towel to cool.
Place crocuses in a container with their tips slightly sticking up from the soil.
Place croquettes side by side into hot oil.
Place crosses on foil-lined sheet.
Place crosses on right side of stage.
Place crosswalks across full width of pavement.
Place crow meat on top.
Place crusts on a shallow large baking sheet.
Place crusts on a well greased baking sheet.
Place crusts on baking sheet and prick with a fork.
Place crutches on the lower step, and extend the weak leg forward.
Place cukes in jar.
Place culverts in a section of the stream channel that is relatively straight.
Place curbside in reusable container.
Place curbside in roll-out containers provided by the city.
Place curbside in the same container as metal food cans.
Place curds in a bowl and add salt and cream if desired.
Place curds in a large bowl.
Place curls decoratively atop cake, mounding slightly.
Place curly brackets around single letters that activate options on a menu.
Place cutlets in a dish when all done.
Place cutlets in oven on low and repeat process until all the cutlets are done.
Place cutlets on a baking sheet.
Place cutlets on a plate with a paper towel to absorb excess oil.
Place cutlets on a plate.
Place cutlets on serving plate.
Place cutlets on top of cooked eggplant slices.
Place cutouts on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper or brushed with oil.
Place damp wool clothing over dry wool clothing.
Place damp wool in and gradually bring to boil.
Place dates in a small sauce pan.
Place dates in blender and blend until more finely chopped.
Place dates in food processor.
Place definitely is a fixerupper but looks structurally sound.
Place describes the human and physical characteristics of a location.
Place describes the physical location where services are offered to users.
Place disks on a table as assigned problems.
Place does in a sheltered paddock before kidding.
Place dollops of biscuit dough directly inside.
Place doughnuts on greased cookie sheets.
Place doughnuts on top of the dash, right on the vents blasting hot air.
Place doughnuts on wire racks to dry.
Place drops in mouth, under tongue via dropper provided.
Place drops of blue food coloring to create blue water.
Place drops of hot pepper sauce under the tongue.
Place drops of the chemicals on cotton wads set on watch glasses.
Place drops on tongue and swish.
Place dumbbells on top of thighs.
Place dumpsters away from the building to minimize opportunities for pests to enter the building.
Place duplicate labels inside core or between top layers of material.
Place duplicate labels inside cores or between top layers of material.
Place dutch oven on coals, place lid on top and cover with coals.
Place eggs back into the saucepan and cover with water.
Place eggs into a boiling steamer.
Place eggs over bacon.
Place eggs over top.
Place elbows in pads and grasp bar from behind.
Place elbows on the inside of both upper legs.
Place elbows on the pads.
Place electrodes firmly in place.
Place electrodes in bucket, around sides, so clean, rust free ends stick up above bucket.
Place electrodes in pH standard buffer solution.
Place electrodes in test solution.
Place electrodes in the slurry, swirl carefully, and read the pH immediately.
Place electrodes into cups separated by the spacers and join the plates in series.
Place electrodes on fleshy areas and avoid bony prominences.
Place empanadas on a baking sheet and brush each one with beaten egg.
Place empanadas on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper.
Place empanadas on a cookie sheet and freeze.
Place empanadas on parchment lined baking sheet.
Place empanadas onto a greased baking sheet.
Place empanaditas on a large baking sheet coated with cooking spray.
Place enchiladas in casserole dish.
Place enchiladas in single layer in baking pan.
Place enchiladas over lettuce.
Place enclosures in kiddy pools.
Place end into pocket.
Place endnotes on pages at the end of the text.
Place ends in cutting guide.
Place ends of crochet piece between handles.
Place ends of the cord at the clip areas and tack in to place.
Place even amounts of the sausage mixture on each slice.
Place even has a newspaper .
Place exists, but entirely as displacement.
Place extras in a pile in the center of the group.
Place face down in warm water.
Place face down on a cookie sheet.
Place face down on clean, dry skin and press firmly.
Place face down on paper towels.
Place face up in a baking dish or pan and cover with aluminum foil.
Place faces that show emotions.
Place facings on it on overall's neck, right sides together.
Place features on the scene.
Place feed the first few days on egg case flats or other rough paper.
Place feeder away from hiding places for cats and dogs.
Place feeders out in the open so that birds can see predators, such as cats, coming.
Place feel on bench, knees locked, back straight, head up.
Place feet away from desk approximately one to two feet.
Place feet away from wall, slightly bending hips and knees.
Place ferns out of high-traffic areas to avoid damage.
Place filling in pie shell and bake until pastry is golden and the filling has set.
Place filters on computers to limit minors' access to obscene and illegal material.
Place flasks in boxes and transport to field.
Place flasks in boxes right side up for transport back to lab.
Place flaxseed in a small bowl or spread out on wax paper.
Place folders in an easy to reach box, drawer, or file box.
Place folders into step file.
Place folders so that they stand upright.
Place folders upright in boxes.
Place footnotes and bibliography items into the draft.
Place footnotes and references at the end on a separate sheet.
Place footnotes and source information below the chart.
Place footnotes and source information below the graphic.
Place footnotes at bottom of table.
Place footnotes at the bottom of each page.
Place footnotes at the bottom of the page on which the citation occurs.
Place footnotes at the bottom of the page.
Place footnotes at the bottom of the text pages.
Place footnotes at the end of the document as opposed to within the text.
Place footnotes at the end of the manuscript.
Place footnotes in graphs and charts in the lower left corner using the smallest legible font size.
Place footnotes on separate pages following the last page of the text.
Place footnotes to tables on the bottom of the page with the table.
Place footnotes, headers and footers.
Place footnotes, word count, mail labels, charting, column linking simplified.
Place forearms on inside of knees and push knees to the ground.
Place forearms on lower thighs for support.
Place forearms on padded lever.
Place forks as far under load as possible.
Place frankfurters in buns.
Place frankfurters on square diagonally.
Place FREE classifieds ads for concert and sporting event tickets .
Place frozen hors d'oeuvres on cookie sheet.
Place garnishes in separate small bowls.
Place ghosts on ungreased cookie sheet.
Place gills facing up.
Place goose in kettle with water, poultry seasoning and celery.
Place goose on heated platter.
Place grab bars on side of tub for added safety.
Place grades on a disk, if possible, so that the disk can be safely locked up.
Place grades on disc, if possible, so that the disc can be safely locked up.
Place greens around and on top of tart.
Place greens into the tomato and place in center of a plate.
Place greens on serving platter.
Place grids into one of the tombstone staining dishes.
Place grits on the plate with about three pork scallops and garnish with parsley or green onions.
Place grits on the side of the meat, ladle additional sauce over the grits and meat.
Place gumdrop on top of each to form stem.
Place halves skin sides up, in a shallow pan.
Place halves skin-side down in shallow roasting pan.
Place halves together to form square and press to join at seam.
Place handle in foam brick.
Place handle over the bit and turn.
Place handle to left.
Place handrails on both sides of steps and ramps.
Place hands together one on top of the other.
Place handset back in cradle.
Place hares on serving dish surrounded by potatoes and carrots.
Place harusame in hot water as directed on the package.
Place has an impact on the actions of what is alive.
Place heels firmly on deck, toes on rudder pedals.
Place helps students find roommates.
Place hem securely under foot and take a couple of stitches and touch the lock off key.
Place hens cavity side up on a rack in a shallow roasting pan.
Place hens in a large plastic bag.
Place hens in greased baking dish.
Place hens in roasting pan.
Place hens in shallow pan.
Place hens in skillet and brown lightly.
Place hens inside crockpot.
Place hens on top and rub with olive oil.
Place hens over peppers.
Place hens skin side up in a roasting pan on the roasting rack and sprinkle with black pepper.
Place hens, skin-side down, on grill.
Place here aliases to applications.
Place here aliases to folders or disks.
Place hinges in one direction.
Place hinges on top of the shelf with flat rivot heads on top of the hinges.
Place hips as far back in the chair as possible.
Place hips in a pyrex or enamel saucepan.
Place Hold Request Request form .
Place holds and renew items.
Place holds at the screen which lists location, call number and status for a single title.
Place holds for any title by going to the library catalogue.
Place holds on items that are checked out by another borrower.
Place holds on items that are currently checked out.
Place holds on items that have been checked out to other users.
Place holds on items.
Place holds on materials.
Place holds or renew books .
Place holds or reserves on books, books on tape, videos, etc.
Place holds randomly all over the wall.
Place holds, renew books.
Place hoop in machine and sew selected pattern.
Place hoop in machine.
Place hoop on glass and carefully burn away organza with stencil cutter or soldering iron.
Place hoop on machine and stitch.
Place hors d'oeuvres on the cutting board in the refrigerator.
Place hotdogs on tortilla.
Place houseplants out of reach.
Place husks in boiling water in large saucepan.
Place HVAC away from high stacking positions.
Place includes a full-size washer and dryer inside every apartment.
Place ingredinets in crock pot and cover with water cook, on low setting, until beans are tender.
Place inseams together.
Place insecticides in or near regular hiding places.
Place insert completely into bracelet and tear at perforation.
Place involves physical and human characteristics of locations.
Place is a bit dusty though.
Place is a continuation of that program, offering adventures on a daily or weekly basis.
Place is a geographical localisation where the family came from.
Place is a powerful thing.
Place is a serving dish and serve.
Place is also a secondary education major in social studies.
Place is also an important factor in terms of site history.
Place is also important.
Place is an afterthought in stories that beg for description and even wonder.
Place is an especially important locus of community building today.
Place is another defining factor of any self work.
Place is cool.
Place is dark and empty.
Place is described in both physical and human or cultural features.
Place is ecumenical in nature and very loving in practice.
Place is empty.
Place is extremely important in the small church.
Place is followed by name, college, time, gender and score.
Place is followed by name, residence, bike make and points.
Place is found by walking, direction determined by weather and season.
Place is found for the New Book Display.
Place is found in human and ecological communities.
Place is great.
Place is grounded in materiality.
Place is ideal for whale watching.
Place is important for searching the appropriate court house and newspapers for obituaries.
Place is important.
Place is inseparable from character.
Place is just humongous .
Place is less important in the lives of the contemporary ruralite than in the past.
Place is magical.
Place is mainly short-grass pasture, with sedge marsh, large reedbed and several pools.
Place is merely the central aspect.
Place is more than just a worn seat on a pew, it is symbol of their belonging to the church family.
Place is often the genesis of a story.
Place is open in the afternoon, closes for a few hours, and reopens at night.
Place is over other.
Place is overrun with 'em.
Place is perfect for private parties and provides a true escape from all noise and crowd.
Place is proud to periodically host our own tourney.
Place is quite small, but a gathering haven for all local salseros.
Place is small.
Place is so significant for any people.
Place is still to be set.
Place is the continental delegate representing North America.
Place is the most Honourable the wall is usually given to the most worthy if two walk together.
Place is therefore inapposite.
Place is to be announced.
Place is to be determined by the group.
Place Is to finish second in a race.
Place is unknown.
Place is used as demonstration plant.
Place is usually pretty busy, though, so watch out.
Place is whatever stable object catches our attention.
Place is where it happens, the restaurant facility.
Place is yet to be detemined.
Place isa location.
Place jackstands high enough to get under, leave wheels on.
Place jars a few inches apart, out of drafts, to cool.
Place juices over high heat.
Place jumps in the evening.
Place kadin budu into baking dish side by side as they are finished.
Place kick A kick technique where the ball is place on the ground before being kicked.
Place kidneys on perfusion and monitor preservation as directed.
Place knees as far apart as possible, turning the toes outwards.
Place knees over top pad and feet under front pad.
Place knishes on a parchment-lined baking sheet.
Place kombu at the bottom of a large saucepan.
Place kombu at the bottom of casserole and set the cup of dipping sauce top the kombu.
Place labels over existing address.
Place ladders on a solid, level surface to ensure safety.
Place ladders only against solid footing and stationary backing.
Place laminate over the bookmark.
Place latches high enough to be out of children's reach.
Place layaways and special orders.
Place leaflets on car windshields or home door knobs.
Place leaves and stems by turns.
Place leaves around entire base.
Place leaves around the house on shelves, tables, etc.
Place leaves between dry paper towels before packing.
Place leaves in a folder.
Place leaves in a ring around the bowl.
Place leaves in a row rather than a pile on the curb or in the lawn next to the street .
Place leaves in a shallow baking dish.
Place leaves in between and around apples.
Place leaves in compost bin.
Place leaves in compostable paper bags at curbside.
Place leaves in labeled plastic bags.
Place leaves in salad bowl, add onion slices.
Place leaves in single layer on a parchment- lined sheet pan.
Place leaves loosely along the curb line in a row.
Place leaves on a nonstick surface such as wax paper to dry.
Place leaves on flat surface, vein side up.
Place leaves on foil-covered baking sheet.
Place leaves on platter or in flat wicker basket.
Place leaves on table with the vein side up.
Place leaves on the top of the inner tube for a more enjoyable experience.
Place leaves on wax paper and set in pie shell temporarily.
Place leaves under a sheet of paper and lightly color over top.
Place leaves, stems and onion in food processor.
Place leaves, trimmings and loose brush in trash cans or bags.
Place legends on a separate page.
Place lentils in pot with enough cold water to cover well.
Place lids on and screw bands on tightly.
Place lids on cans securely.
Place lids on jars and close tightly with the ring.
Place lids on jars and firmly screw on rings.
Place lids on jars and screw on the rings.
Place lids on jars and screw rings on tightly.
Place lids on jars and sit rings over top of jars.
Place lids on jars, and screw rings on tightly.
Place lids on jars.
Place lids on the jars and half screw into position.
Place lids on trashcans.
Place lids on very securely.
Place lights away from potential points of fly entry.
Place limits on how much travelers can bring in.
Place limits on overnight visitation.
Place link in a spot that receives webmaster traffic.
Place link in admin pages to mail reminder to all registrants.
Place lips slightly against paper.
Place lips tightly around the mouthpiece.
Place listings for free.
Place listings for help wanted, real estate, situations wanted, or something altogether different.
Place live oysters in boiling water.
Place loaves in a glass casserole dish.
Place loaves in opposite corners of baking sheet.
Place loaves in opposite corners of cookie sheet.
Place loaves in opposite corners of greased cookie sheet.
Place loaves in oven.
Place loaves in three oiled pans.
Place loaves into lightly greased pans in a warm place and allow to double in size.
Place loaves into lightly greased pans, put in warm place, and allow to double in size.
Place loaves into oiled pans.
Place loaves into pans, cover with dish towel and let rise until it is double in size.
Place loaves on a baking sheet sprinkled lightly with cornmeal.
Place loaves on a baking sheet.
Place loaves on a cornmeal covered baking sheet.
Place loaves on a greased pan sprinkled with cornmeal.
Place loaves on baking sheet sprinkled with cornmeal and let rise until doubled.
Place loaves on buttered baking sheet or jelly-roll pan.
Place loaves on greased baking sheet and let rise until double again.
Place loaves on greased cookie sheet and brush tops with melted butter.
Place loaves on lightly greased baking sheet.
Place loaves on pan seam side down.
Place loaves on prepared baking sheets.
Place loaves on prepared pan.
Place loaves onto the prepared baking sheet and flatten slightly.
Place locks out of the normal line of vision either very high or very low on doors.
Place log on cutting board.
Place log on platter.
Place log on serving platter.
Place logs directly on top oven rack, with a drip pan on the lower rack.
Place logs on prepared baking sheet.
Place logs on prepared baking sheets.
Place logs on the prepared baking sheet and flatten slightly.
Place logs on waxed paper.
Place logs side by side on a large greased sheet.
Place loins on rack in a shallow foil-lined roasting pan.
Place looks good and the food is great.
Place looks great.
Place loves on the baking sheets.
Place machetes in a sheath before changing locations.
Place magnets underneath plates to cause ant to scurry about.
Place make sure the receipt shows the name and address of the entertainment facility or restaurant.
Place mangoes into sauce container and pour hot syrup over the mangoes.
Place marbles on a balance scale.
Place marshmallows in double boiler, add coffee and salt.
Place marshmallows in ring on top of pie filling.
Place marshmallows on top and cover with chocolate syrup, then the top piece of toast.
Place marshmallows on top.
Place marshmallows on well-buttered dish evenly.
Place mast against rocks and acquire microscope imaging data.
Place mealworms in a plastic container such as a cup or margarine container.
Place mealworms inside and secure lid.
Place means the type of betting where the backer has to select at least one of the placed horses.
Place microarray filters individually into polypropylene tubes.
Place molds on a cookie sheet.
Place molds on a tray.
Place mothballs wherever they are seen frequently.
Place names Australian placenames often sound amusing to visitors.
Place needs a lot of work.
Place netnames inside of a track.
Place nitrocellulose on gel.
Place noses on the cookies.
Place note numbers at the end of a sentence, if possible, or at the end of a clause.
Place note numbers at the ends of sentences wherever possible, after all punctuation marks.
Place note numbers on the left margin, with the text indented throughout.
Place notes at the end of the report.
Place notes on departmental web site.
Place notes on Web.
Place nuts one at a time on to a greased cookie sheet.
Place oars at either end of the lawn.
Place oats into a large bowl.
Place objects anywhere on the page by clicking the mouse.
Place objects close enough together so that they are visually related.
Place objects in a tub of water of varying depths.
Place objects in a way that reflects their function or state.
Place objects in between the cars to see if results of the experiment change.
Place objects in jars.
Place objects in random order instead of in a straight line.
Place objects inside the can, then with children in a group, draw objects out one at a time.
Place objects into the bucket and close it with the lid.
Place objects near a light source and observe the effects of the shadows.
Place objects on a table to be categorized by smell, taste, touch, sound or sight.
Place objects on the table such as blocks, plastic cups, and ping pong balls.
Place objects on trivets, tablecloths, doilies or others covers to protect the finish.
Place objects pertaining to a family into a box.
Place offers information, crisis counseling and referral for sexual harassment and sexual violence.
Place offers information, crisis counseling, and referral for sexual harassment and sexual violence.
Place olives decoratively on top.
Place omelet on plate, and garnish with tomato, remaining cheese, and chives.
Place only plant debris in plant debris carts.
Place only wills that are associated with Scotland County families.
Place oranges around cake on top of whipped cream.
Place ornaments into a plastic bag and seal the bag shut.
Place ornaments on ungreased cookie sheet.
Place ovals together for sewing.
Place packages on a baking sheet without touching.
Place packages on baking sheet.
Place packages on grill.
Place pads up on a wall at eye level for clients to reach from their wheelchair.
Place pairs together in a quiet room, away from areas of heavy traffic and noise.
Place palms over each of the input-input points.
Place palms together to the side of face and tilt head towards hands as if laying head on a pillow.
Place palms together, point fingers toward floor.
Place palms up on a table or their knees, a reassurance of harmlessness.
Place pancakes into oven as they are completed.
Place pancakes on a serving plate and spread with real butter while still hot.
Place parentheses around bill numbers to show the bill as the first result of the search.
Place parentheses around OR statements.
Place partially frozen liquid in blender, then add peanut butter mixture.
Place patches on right side of shirt and pants where desired.
Place patios away from direct sun because patios can reflect heat into a building.
Place pay phones in fully supervised areas.
Place pay phones in the main office so that calls can be indirectly monitored.
Place peach half on slice of cake.
Place peach half, flat side up, in center of a square piece of doubled aluminum foil.
Place peach halves in a jar.
Place peach halves in glass or heat-proof plastic storage containers.
Place peach halves in individual serving dishes, top with ice cream, and spoon cooled sauce over.
Place peach halves on a shallow baking dish, cut side up, and top with a knob of butter.
Place peaches in a jar and add orange peel.
Place peaches in a large bowl.
Place peaches in a sugar water or abscorbic acid solution to keep from darkening.
Place peaches into the mixture and bring to a boil again.
Place peaches on cheese.
Place peaches on the crust in neat rows like overlapping shingles leaving a two inch border.
Place peaches on top of cooled sauce and cover slices of bread placed close together.
Place pear half on each slice of toast.
Place pear half, hollow side down, on lettuce leaf.
Place pear halves on serving plate, cut side down.
Place pear halves on top of lettuce bed.
Place pears bottom side down in liquid.
Place pears core side down on a non-stick baking sheet and put in the oven.
Place pears flat side down in butter.
Place pears flat side down in glass baking dish.
Place pears in a pot with the remaining ingredients and bring to a simmer.
Place pears in an upright position.
Place pears in oven proof pan.
Place pears in serving dishes.
Place pears in the sauce pan, add the orange juice, rind and cinnamon stick.
Place pears into a small backing dish and filled the cavity where the core was, with marsala wine.
Place pears into lemon water to prevent browning.
Place pears on a parchment covered baking sheet.
Place pears on dessert plates.
Place pears on top of the cream cheese.
Place pears on top of the sauce, then spoon remaining sauce over pears.
Place pears over one half of dinner plate.
Place pears over sauce in dish.
Place pears upright in poaching liquid.
Place peepholes in the front door at the right height.
Place pepperoncini over the top.
Place perches at a height to insure the macaw has plenty of tail and head room.
Place petits fours on wire rack over wax paper.
Place pets in a kennel the day of a showing.
Place phrases in double quotes.
Place phrases inside quotation marks.
Place phrases longer than two words in quotation marks.
Place pierogies in one flat layer in bottom of the casserole dish.
Place pies on a greased cookie sheet and paint each with melted butter.
Place pies on a sheet pan that has been brushed with melted butter.
Place pies on paper towels to cool.
Place piles along forest edges and in openings, field corners, or along streams and marshes.
Place pillows against back of chair.
Place pillows as shown for comfort and protection in case of a collision.
Place pillows between the knees.
Place pillows from mid-calf to ankle to keep heels off the bed.
Place pillows on an ungreased cookie sheet.
Place pillows underneath the baby during the feeding.
Place pizzettes on cookie sheet.
Place plantains on perimeter of grill to receive indirect heat.
Place plants out of reach of small children.
Place plants that multiply quickly in tubs to limit spreading roots.
Place plants three feet apart.
Place play dough in the bottom of the ship.
Place play near many towel after grow womens tote bag.
Place plays-as in speaks to, informs.
Place plums into a large aging container.
Place pockets on floured surface until ready to boil.
Place points up in metal pie pan.
Place popcorn in very large bowl and toss with olive oil and half the seaweed powder.
Place popcorn in very large bowl.
Place pops on wax paper lined tray.
Place presing frame can on top of plate.
Place pretzels on a baking sheet.
Place pretzels on a greased cookie sheet.
Place pretzels on greased baking sheets.
Place pretzels on ungreased baking sheets.
Place pretzels on wax paper to set and cool.
Place pretzels rods on ungreased baking sheets.
Place prewrites, working outline, and source notes nearby.
Place pronouns relatively near to their antecedents.
Place provides free resources for sexual assault survivors and their friends.
Place published is usually blank unless the periodical title is one word.
Place pup in the center of area, testor or assistant makes a sharp noise a few feet from the puppy.
Place puzzles on the tables or desks.
Place queries on the internet, but always ask for documentation from internet users.
Place quotes around phrases longer than two words.
Place quotes around words to insist words appear together in that position.
Place racks over jelly roll pans or waxed paper.
Place radios on automatic timers and turn up the volume so they can be heard outside.
Place rails in posts as per illustration.
Place raisins in a small bowl and stir in sugar water and rum.
Place raisins in beaker, pour colored seltzer water into the beaker.
Place raisins in bowl with vanilla and place very hot water over raisins.
Place raisins in small bowl.
Place raisins on for eyes, and red cinnamons on for nose.
Place raisins on head for eyes.
Place raisins on top for ants.
Place raisins onto mixture.
Place raspberries and bananas in a mixing bowl.
Place raspberries in a blender and puree.
Place raspberries in a bowl.
Place raspberries in a strainer.
Place raspberries in blender and process until smooth.
Place raspberries into the hollows of the halves.
Place really rocks when full, especially if people are in the balcony.
Place recipes on one page and a photo, story or quotation on the facing page.
Place recyclables at least three feet from the trash.
Place recyclables only in blue recy-cling cart.
Place recyclables out separately.
Place refers to the availability of the product to the targeted customers.
Place refers to where a product is made available to target market customers.
Place refuse containers as close to the curb as possible.
Place refuse near the curb.
Place remaining cards face down.
Place remaining dough rectangle on top of meat and cheese.
Place remaining ladyfinger pieces, cut ends down, around sides of pan.
Place remaining mixture in large bowl with lid, add turkey.
Place remains of herb back into pan and add one quart water.
Place results in a prominent position.
Place results on the internet .
Place resumes before congregations.
Place riblets on grid over medium coals.
Place risers first.
Place roast on grill over medium coals.
Place roast on rack in pan.
Place roast on rack in shallow pan.
Place roast on rack in shallow roasting pan.
Place roast on rack in small roasting pan.
Place roast on rack set in large roasting pan.
Place roast on rack.
Place roasting pan over high heat and when it starts to sizzle, stir in the turkey stock.
Place roasts on their rib bones in an open roasting pan.
Place roes in brine.
Place rolls far apart on a greased baking sheet.
Place rolls in a buttered dish or pan.
Place rolls in a heavy-based pan.
Place rolls in a large greased pan and allow to rise till double.
Place rolls in a large oven-safe heavy casserole or saute pan.
Place rolls in a plastic bag, tie it tight or wrap loosely in plastic wrap, then freeze.
Place rolls in an oiled baking dish leaving space between rolls.
Place rolls in an oiled baking dish.
Place rolls in greased pan.
Place rolls in greased round cake pans.
Place rolls in pan, turning each over to butter the top.
Place rolls in pan.
Place rolls in rows on a greased baking sheet.
Place rolls into deep saucepan in layers.
Place rolls on a baking sheet coated with non-stick spray.
Place rolls on a buttered baking sheet or in muffin cups.
Place rolls on a greased cookie sheet, brush top with melted butter, and allow to rise again.
Place rolls on a lightly greased baking sheet.
Place rolls on a lightly greased cookie sheet and tuck under the open ends of each pastry roll.
Place rolls on a parchment covered baking sheet.
Place rolls on an ungreased baking sheet.
Place rolls on baking sheet and toast in oven.
Place rolls on baking sheet.
Place rolls on cookie sheet and brush with melted butter.
Place rolls on cooler part of grill with buttered side down and toast.
Place rolls on greased cookie sheet and twist together, tucking ends under.
Place rolls on noodles and spoon sauce over.
Place rolls on parchment covered sheet pan.
Place rolls on top of the vegetables.
Place rolls on ungreased baking sheet.
Place rolls side by side in a large, heavy pot.
Place rolls side by side in pot.
Place rolls side by side.
Place rolls slightly apart in pans.
Place rolls slightly apart on greased baking pans.
Place ropes together, alternating the strands from each.
Place roses in a basket or the stems in sand or floral foam to create a dazzling display.
Place roses in a clean deep vase of warm water.
Place roses in a clean, deep vase of warm water and add one tablespoon of concentrated lemon juice.
Place rounds between sheets of plastic wrap and pound until thin.
Place rounds in a single layer on a baking sheet.
Place rounds in tiny muffin tins.
Place rounds on a baking sheet.
Place rounds on a cookie sheet.
Place rounds on a serving dish.
Place rounds on an ungreased baking sheet.
Place rounds on individual plates.
Place rounds on lightly greased baking sheet.
Place rounds on the prepared baking sheet.
Place rounds, cut-sides up on ungreased cookie sheet.
Place rowcovers over the plants in the late winter.
Place rushes on a flat surface to dry.
Place sails on top of filling.
Place saliva in the tubes during the time of day recommended and as instructed.
Place salsify on top of lettuce.
Place sandwiches in pan and cook until golden on both sides.
Place sandwiches on an ungreased cookie sheet.
Place sandwiches on baking sheet.
Place sandwiches on double sheet of foil.
Place sandwiches on hot, lightly oiled grill.
Place sauces in serving bowls.
Place sausages in a large, deep skillet.
Place sausages in a microwave proof dish in one layer.
Place sausages in a shallow bowl and pour on marinade.
Place sausages in pan and cook until brown on all sides.
Place sausages in the pan and brown on all sides.
Place sausages on gas or charcoal grill over medium heat.
Place sausages on ungreased cookie sheet.
Place saws in the mill and then put the blueprints for the bridge in the mill.
Place scales on table.
Place scallop in the middle of a soup plate and surround with shumai.
Place scallop to top of corn tortilla and top with avocado mixture.
Place scones one inch apart on prepared pan.
Place screeds at the proper height and slope, and pack the mortar in with a float.
Place screens around heating or cooling vents, and caulk around the edge of the screen.
Place screens over clean gutters to minimize clogs from debris accumulation.
Place screens over drains.
Place sculpts our lives.
Place seeds along one half of the filter circle.
Place seems a bit deserted.
Place serving plate upside down on top of mold, invert the whole unit, shake, remove mold pan.
Place sets well into feeding areas such as a cornfield or woodlot.
Place shanks back into pan, making sure they are submerged at least halfway.
Place shanks in a Dutch oven or other oven-proof pan.
Place shanks in a heavy pot and cover with cold water.
Place shanks in a roasting pan and pour sauce over.
Place shanks on top of vegetables.
Place shapes action and it also shapes character.
Place shapes on a non stick cooling rack or wax paper.
Place shapes on to waxed paper and allow to cook or dry as recipe indicates.
Place shapes wrong sides together and stitch around the entire outer edge.
Place shavings on top of tiramisu.
Place shells in a baking pan.
Place shells in a large buttered baking dish and sprinkle with cheese.
Place shells in pan.
Place shells in prepared baking dish.
Place shells in shallow baking dish.
Place shells into pan.
Place shells on a foil-lined cookie sheet.
Place shells on a sprayed casserole dish.
Place shells on baking sheet.
Place shells on bottom of pan until the pan is full.
Place shells on large baking sheet.
Place shells on pasta sauce in dish.
Place shells on rack in broiler pan.
Place shells on rack in broiling pan.
Place shells on the top of the newspapers.
Place shells open side up, and close together in pan.
Place shims behind every hinge as well as any other place that appears to be bowed inward.
Place shots down the left side.
Place shreds in a dish towel and squeeze out excess moisture.
Place shrimps in a glass or stainless steel bowl.
Place shrubs away from the house's foundation.
Place shuttles through elastic and adjust tension as necessary before tying off.
Place sidewalks on only one side of the street and use grass swales instead of curbs and gutters.
Place signs away from pedestrian walkways.
Place signs out to the nearest major intersection.
Place silverware in an aluminum pan and pour the potato water over it.
Place skins on a baking sheet, insides up and bake until crisp.
Place skins on baking sheet.
Place skins on large baking sheet.
Place skins on paper towel for the excess oil and air for a few minutes to crisp.
Place skis bottom-side up on a workbench or counter.
Place sleds at the top of an inclined board.
Place sleeves on door knobs to prevent toddlers from accessing dangerous areas of the house.
Place sleeves on top of wings.
Place slices a bit apart on a lightly greased cookie sheet.
Place slices a little apart on ungreased baking sheet.
Place slices close to each other in prepared pan.
Place slices evenly on the bread and cover with the onion mixture.
Place slices evenly on top of biscuits.
Place slices flat on a lightly oiled baking sheet.
Place slices flat side down on cookie sheets.
Place slices in a colander in a single layer, sprinkle lightly with salt.
Place slices in a single layer on a baking sheet.
Place slices in a single layer to cover the bottom of the pan.
Place slices in an ovenproof casserole.
Place slices in an ovenproof dish.
Place slices in bowl and toss with salt.
Place slices in greased pan.
Place slices in the butter until golden brown.
Place slices into any sandwich.
Place slices into pot.
Place slices on a baking pan.
Place slices on a baking sheet and brush with melted butter.
Place slices on a cookie sheet under the broiler for a few minutes until golden brown.
Place slices on an ungreased cookie sheet.
Place slices on baking sheet and add in order the pizza sauce, olives, green onions and cheese.
Place slices on baking sheet and brush with egg mixture.
Place slices on baking sheet.
Place slices on baking sheets covered with parchment paper or sprayed with cooking spray.
Place slices on baking sheets sprayed with vegetable cooking spray.
Place slices on baking sheets.
Place slices on butter baking sheet.
Place slices on cookie sheet one inch apart.
Place slices on cookie sheets.
Place slices on hot, flat grill or pan until golden brown on each side.
Place slices on lightly greased baking sheets.
Place slices on plates and pour sauce around.
Place slices on same cookie sheet, cut-side down.
Place slices on top of potato mixture.
Place slices on ungreased cookie sheets.
Place slices on ungreased oven trays, leaving several centimeters space between biscuits.
Place slices one inch apart on the baking sheet.
Place slices onto drying rack.
Place slices onto one side of bread.
Place slices over the cherries.
Place slices over the spread peanut butter.
Place slices slightly apart on greased baking pans.
Place slices together and wrap with aluminum foil, then place in a plastic bag and freeze.
Place slides horizontally in slide mailers.
Place slides in a beaker containing conc.
Place slides in a rack.
Place slides in array chambers and align cover slip over arrays.
Place slides in the upright slide rack.
Place slides in xylene to clean off excess mountant.
Place slip resistant mats under throw rugs.
Place slit up on medium grill and cook until cheese is well melted.
Place snails back into shells, with spoonful of broth.
Place snails back into shells.
Place soon place soon.
Place sounds like a jungle at night.
Place spaghetti an a hot platter, arrange the chops on the spaghetti and pour sauce over all.
Place specimens in a plastic bag.
Place specimens in centrifuge and use blanks to balance if necessary.
Place specimens in double plastic and wrap in newspaper for insulation.
Place specimens in molds.
Place specimens in plastic bag.
Place specimens inside an inner bag.
Place specimens on a moist sponge or newspaper in the box as they are collected.
Place specimens other than serum or blood in sterile screw cap container.
Place specimens to be relaxed on the cardboard, and seal the chamber.
Place spoonfuls into hot fry pan which has been either lightly oiled or sprayed with cooking spray.
Place spoonfuls onto a cookie sheet or onto a large plate.
Place spoonfuls onto a lined baking tray.
Place spout in crack and squeeze container with slight hand pressure to regulate flow.
Place sprigs of thyme on top and cover with foil.
Place sprinkles in shallow bowl.
Place sprouts in salad bowl.
Place sprouts into a mixture of flour, salt and papper, coat well.
Place sprouts on a serving platter and toss with butter and lemon mixture.
Place squares into a large glass.
Place squash flat side down on cutting board and cut each half lengthwise.
Place stain facedown on paper towels.
Place stand under each box.
Place stands so pads reach just below or at waterline.
Place stands with point of triangle facing away from center of boat.
Place staples one inch from the edge of the board and one inch apart.
Place stars on a greased cookie sheet.
Place stars on chart.
Place stars on clack paper.
Place stars randomly on cake.
Place stay sutures through the commissures if desired for visualization.
Place stays the same.
Place steaks in a casserole dish and pour marinade over.
Place steaks in a flat glass dish.
Place steaks in a sealable plastic bag.
Place steaks in a shallow dish.
Place steaks in a steamer over simmering water and cover.
Place steaks in mixture turning to coat both sides.
Place steaks in pan and sear both sides.
Place steaks on a hot charcoal or gas grill and cook until rare to medium.
Place steaks on a piece of wax paper, fold paper and pound flat with a rolling pin.
Place steaks on a platter.
Place steaks on broiler pan and top with steamed asparagus.
Place steaks on grill over medium ash-covered coals.
Place steaks on grill over medium heat.
Place steaks on grill over medium high coals.
Place steaks on grill over medium, ash-covered coals.
Place steaks on grill.
Place steaks on heated platter.
Place steaks on hot grill or oiled broiler pan.
Place steaks on individual plates and top each steak with a spoonful of Genoa pesto.
Place steaks on meat board and sprinkle with salt and pepper.
Place steaks on mushroom mixture.
Place steaks on plate and cascade sauce over top of steamed fish.
Place steaks on rack of a broiler pan coated with cooking spray.
Place steaks on top of greens and pour over dressing.
Place steaks on vegetables in even layer.
Place steaks on well-oiled grill.
Place stems at the edge of the sterile field, ready for use.
Place stems immediately in warm water and give flowers a long drink before arranging.
Place stems immediately into a floral perservative solution until ready to arrange.
Place stems immediately into a floral preservative solution until ready to arrange.
Place stems in a container of sand, crushed chickenwire or biddie mesh to dry indoors.
Place stems in a saucepan with chicken stock.
Place stems in container filled with water but avoid submerging the leaves.
Place stems in mildly warm water, then arrange the following morning.
Place stems in water while harvesting to prevent wilting.
Place stencils on cookie sheet or microwaveable serving dish.
Place stencils on top of cake.
Place stick up and down the inside corner of the eyes, exhale.
Place stop payments on-line.
Place stop payments.
Place stops immediately.
Place straightedge on reference stick and hold other end gently against prop blade.
Place strands about two to three feet off the ground and about four feet apart.
Place strawberries into a serving bowl.
Place strawberries on a sheet of parchment paper.
Place strawberries on top of cooled pie.
Place strawberries over pound-cake layer.
Place strips down between the frames so that they contact each side of the cluster.
Place strips flat in a shallow baking dish.
Place strips on a large serving plate, radiating from the center to look like flower petals.
Place strips on baking tray.
Place strips on greased cookie sheets and brush with slightly beaten egg whites.
Place strips on rack, refrigerate overnight.
Place strips on top of fruit in a lattice design.
Place strips on top of tart in a criss-cross manner.
Place strips onto a baking sheet.
Place strips over filling in a criss-cross lattice pattern.
Place strips over pie, alternating horizontal and vertical strips.
Place strips over tree trunk to form tree, fuse in place.
Place strips with imperfections in less visible areas.
Place sugars in large bowl.
Place sugars, margarine, and egg whites in a large bowl and mix together using an electric mixer.
Place surfaces together whilst glue is still wet.
Place surround around tub.
Place switches on the unhinged side of the door.
Place tabs sticky side up on pins.
Place targets deep in the corners of the coach's deuce and ad courts.
Place teaspoonfulls on greased pan.
Place template on dough and cut around heart shape using scissors.
Place thermostats away from direct sunlight, drafts, doorways, skylights, and windows.
Place thestrips in the bottom brood box to get effective results.
Place tick in a glass or plastic vial with a moistened cotton swab.
Place tick in a plastic container, such as a film canister, on an alcohol soaked cotton ball.
Place tick in re-sealable plastic bag with a water moistened cotton ball or paper towel and seal.
Place timeouts on outgoing network-oriented write requests.
Place tomatoes at one end of pan, keeping separate from potato mixture.
Place tomatoes evenly over basil.
Place tomatoes evenly over cabbage base.
Place tomatoes in a cooker container.
Place tomatoes in a large bowl and mash with a fork or squeeze to a pulp.
Place tomatoes in a large kettle.
Place tomatoes in a large pan.
Place tomatoes in a large pot and add the remaining ingredients.
Place tomatoes in a lightly oiled baking dish.
Place tomatoes in a mixing bowl.
Place tomatoes in a shallow baking dish, drizzle with olive oil and gently stir.
Place tomatoes in a shallow baking dish.
Place tomatoes in a small baking dish.
Place tomatoes into onion and garlic mixture.
Place tomatoes on a baking sheet and top generously with crumb mixture.
Place tomatoes on a heated serving dish and sprinkle with parsley.
Place tomatoes on baking pan.
Place tomatoes on cookie sheet.
Place tomatoes on lettuce along with onion slices.
Place tomatoes on lightly oiled sheet pan, skin-side up.
Place tomatoes on top of salami.
Place toothpick in hole.
Place toothpick to hold together.
Place tops in a covered saucepan and boil until tender.
Place torte on top.
Place tortes onto plates dusted with cocoa.
Place towels into a clinical waste bag.
Place towels over the molding to protect the wood, then weight the mirror with plywood.
Place trades online.
Place transparencies into an intra-laboratory mail envelope.
Place transplants into peat pots.
Place transplants on raised beds, protected from pests with a floating row cover.
Place transplants six inches apart about three inches from a support.
Place traps against a vertical surface, preferably a corner, where cockroaches are usually found.
Place traps along the wall where mice run.
Place traps along walls in the area of mouse activity.
Place traps around crop perimeters as well as within the crop.
Place traps at right angles to runs with the enlarged trigger extending across the run.
Place traps away from trees or wooded areas.
Place traps immediately after first emergence.
Place traps inside as a precaution after openings are closed.
Place traps on a hard surface, perpendicular to a wall so that the trigger end is toward the wall.
Place traps outside and very near the squirrel's entry hole.
Place traps several feet away from the picnic table or outside the garden.
Place traps so that the base is at the same height as the silks.
Place traps soon after bud break in early spring.
Place traps two to three feet apart.
Place trees away from direct sources of heat.
Place trees away from exits or aisle ways.
Place trees away from fireplaces and radiators.
Place urns around the fireplace.
Place utensils, including teats, in a pot one-third full of water.
Place valuables out of sight.
Place vents in the areas that fill last.
Place vents to provide cross ventilation.
Place vermiculite in spill waste container.
Place wafer crumbs in large bowl.
Place wafer over stoma and check fit.
Place wastes in compatible containers.
Place wastes in standard plastic gallon jugs.
Place wedges in a medium bowl and cover with cold water.
Place wedges in a single layer on a baking sheet.
Place wedges in a single layer on baking sheets.
Place wedges in a small bowl, then toss well with oil, oregano, and salt and pepper.
Place wedges in bag.
Place wedges on a parchment-lined baking sheet.
Place wedges on baking sheet and toss with melted margarine.
Place wedges on cookie sheet.
Place wedges on heatproof serving plate.
Place wedges on turkey mixture.
Place wedges onto an ungreased cookie sheet.
Place wedges together and gently move each slice to form layers.
Place wedges, blocks or rocks behind the wheels to prevent the vehicle from rolling.
Place wedges, rough side up, on an ungreased baking sheet.
Place where born is beside the age of the person.
Place wick along one edge and roll wax tightly and evenly around wick.
Place windmills at higher elevations to cultivate extra power up there.
Place winglets in well-greased baking pans.
Place worms into the bin and begin adding food scraps by burying in portion of the bedding.
Place wrists over knees.
Place yams around the roast.
Place yolks into a large stainless steel bowl.
Places also show beauty.
Places are affected by acid rain.
Places are affected by rain.
Places are also available for community users.
Places are also available for interns in refugee agencies.
Places are also available for interns in refugee offices.
Places are also available in government agencies and historical organizations.
Places are also very limited.
Places are available at first year level for international fee-paying students.
Places are available for all doctoral candidates.
Places are available for candidates paying fees independently.
Places are available for new members as well as old.
Places are available for users of previous versions of MLwiN only.
Places are available now - but going quickly, so book now to avoid disappointment.
Places are available now for afternoon hours.
Places are available on a first come first served basis and applications are already being received.
Places are available on a first come first served basis.
Places are available on a first come, first served basis and new-comers are welcome.
Places are available on a strict first come first served basis.
Places are available on door.
Places are available whenever vacancies occur.
Places are available.
Places are bookable at reception up to seven days in advance.
Places are build with poetry writing in mind.
Places are by application.
Places are chosen by lottery, when the spots are full, they are full.
Places are cognition.
Places are conditions.
Places are diverse for a reason.
Places are easy to find by following a series of maps to a location.
Places are either independent or dependent.
Places are free but limited.
Places are FREE but limited.
Places are free but numbers are limited.
Places are free, but limited.
Places are highly competitive, particularly for mature students.
Places are important.
Places are in alphabetical order.
Places are in heavy demand so prior booking is essential.
Places are inactive .
Places are items.
Places are likely to be at a premium again, even though extra space is being sought.
Places are likely to fill up.
Places are limited and a waiting list operates, so do apply early.
Places are limited and advance booking is essential.
Places are limited and are allocated on a first come first serve basis.
Places are limited and are allocated on a 'first come, first served' basis.
Places are limited and are going fast.
Places are limited and booking is necessary.
Places are limited and competition is extremely intense.
Places are limited and demand for the programme is considerable.
Places are limited and early booking essential, say the organisers.
Places are limited and early booking is necessary.
Places are limited and early registration is advised.
Places are limited and early registration is recommended.
Places are limited and enrolment is already underway so book now to avoid dissapointment.
Places are limited and extra practises have already started.
Places are limited and it is advised to book at least a month ahead.
Places are limited and many courses are oversubscribed so early application is advised.
Places are limited and pre-registration is strongly recommended.
Places are limited and registration is necessary.
Places are limited and students are advised to apply as early as possible.
Places are limited and there is a small charge for the night.
Places are limited and there is no system of tickets or advance booking.
Places are limited and there is no system of tickets or advanced booking.
Places are limited and with a maximum of two delegates per company, early booking is advisable.
Places are limited for the workshop, so please book early.
Places are limited on the course, so please register early to confirm a place.
Places are limited so an early application is advised.
Places are limited so be quick.
Places are limited so booking is essential.
Places are limited so get in earlier.
Places are limited so it is advisable to book as early as possible.
Places are limited so it is advisable to book early.
Places are limited so it is advised to book early.
Places are limited so it is essential to book in advance.
Places are limited to approx.
Places are limited to one teacher from each school.
Places are limited to two people per organisation to ensure as many groups as possible can benefit.
Places are limited, and subject to open competition by eligible dentists.
Places are limited, booking is essential.
Places are limited, by invitation only .
Places are limited, please sign up soon.
Places are limited, so book early to avoid disappointment.
Places are limited, so bookings are essential.
Places are limited, so early booking is advisable.
Places are limited, so early booking is recommended.
Places are limited, so please book early.
Places are limited, so please register early to avoid disappointment.
Places are limited, so please register early.
Places are limited, therefore early booking is advised.
Places are limited.
Places are located in areas.
Places are located in cities.
Places are located in lines.
Places are located in locations.
Places are located in maps.
Places are more accessible because the undergrowth is gone.
Places are more occasional where nodes are typically sustained in usage.
Places are no more displayed for living people.
Places are now available at the school.
Places are often actual locations in the real world.
Places are often available to other students.
Places are open later and the weather is generally warmer.
Places are out there to help victims of domestic violence.
Places are part of Earth's space, large or small, that have been endowed with meaning by humans.
Places are part of Indian tradition and pilgrimages are sacred acts.
Places are parts of Earth's surface endowed with meaning by humans.
Places are passage.
Places are pretty damn full.
Places are provides for the game cards.
Places are real.
Places are really unfriendly.
Places are sites and nodes within sites.
Places are situations.
Places are so much more eccentric in their descriptions.
Places are still available .
Places are still available at the construction conference.
Places are still available at the original negotiated fee and land and tour prices.
Places are still available for the trip.
Places are still available in the high school, adult and teacher field schools.
Places are still available, but they're going fast.
Places are still open for youngsters to participate in the camp.
Places are strictly limited so book early to avoid disappointment.
Places are strictly limited so booking is essential.
Places are strictly limited so early booking is essential.
Places are strictly limited to fifty.
Places are strictly limited.
Places are strictly on a first come first served basis.
Places are subject to availability so order now.
Places are subject to availability.
Places are subject to demand and space.
Places are that way, too.
Places are transferable.
Places are unique .
Places are uniquely different and each possesses an intrinsic potential for change.
Places are used for being.
Places are used for events.
Places are used for locations.
Places are usually available each year in the research programs outlined below.
Places are very limited, so sign up early to avoid disappointment.
Places are vicinities.
Places are, however, fully transferable.
Places associated with the dragon legend are often also sites of ancient sanctity.
Places baits multi levels off bottom like magic.
Places become important, too.
Places become powerful and mnemonic.
Places being considered for exchange are Fiji, Hiroshima, Osaka, Bangladesh, China and Russia.
Places block in spindle of machine and positions work against brush.
Places block, face down, on stone.
Places bobbin on winding arbor and rotates bobbin to take up slack.
Places box ends on holding plate and depresses pedal that lowers printing plate onto box end.
Places calls for fax and copy machine maintenance.
Places can be a senior center or a church.
Places can be continents, countries, regions, areas, cities and towns.
Places can change from census to census.
Places can protect families as well.
Places can vary from someone's home - to a space that feels comfortable and has good energies.
Places can vary greatly in spatial extent.
Places caps on the amounts that can be awarded.
Places cater for large parties such as school trips with enough notice.
Places chalk on middle finger.
Places change and names change.
Places change over time as both physical and human processes operate to modify Earth's surface.
Places change throughout the day and are used in different ways as well.
Places charge in mold cavity and presses switch to close press and start curing cycle.
Places chicks into boxes according to sex.
Places Click on a picture to send it as a postcard Go ahead.
Places close up, and they open up.
Places coil in clamp holders and closes clamps, using hand lever.
Places come and go frequently.
Places come and go quickly here, so check for changes regularly.
Places come in and out of fashion fast and furiously, and it's hard even for the locals to keep up.
Places come more from people than administrative decisions.
Places container at discharge end of machine to catch emerging nut meal.
Places container below filling machine and clamps spout equipped with scale to container.
Places cope and drag on molding table.
Places cover on mold and bolts it in place, using pneumatic wrench.
Places covered by the same air mass have the same kind of weather.
Places demonstrates the broad interpretations of site, both real and imagined.
Places described include Portland, Milwaukee and Granite.
Places determine d by time.
Places differ for different people - or even for the same person at different times.
Places disturbed by negative energies can be very disruptive to sleep.
Places do have spirits.
Places dough in baking pans.
Places dough in pans, molds, or on sheets and bakes in oven or on grill.
Places drag half of pattern in drag.
Places drums under chute to fill with finished product for shipment, storage, or further processing.
Places end of rod in channel of tester and starts mechanism oscillating to fracture rod.
Places engine for safety and optimum utilization of water, foam, and water handling equipment.
Places ensure safety.
Places equal emphasis on teaching and scholarly activity, with less weight on service goals.
Places equal emphasis on the interests of both the sail and power boat owner.
Places experience harsh temperature.
Places experience harsh winter temperature.
Places experience progress.
Places experience temperature.
Places experience winter temperature.
Places figure prominently in several instances.
Places file in archive after the member specified by posname.
Places file in archive before the member specified by posname.
Places fill quickly, so applicants are encouraged to apply early.
Places fill quickly.
Places fill up fast.
Places fill up very quickly.
Places filter over lens to make color separation when copying color work.
Places Find buildings, facilities, centers and departments.
Places fish on feed conveyor of machine.
Places focus on future business objectives and customer expectations.
Places get sunlight.
Places get thunderstorms.
Places Go on a safari , or to the beach .
Places go out of business and are replaced over and over again.
Places go to the most qualified candidates on a rolling admissions basis.
Places grow plants.
Places hand on heart and closes eyes.
Places has links to academic institutions, government branches, museums , etc.
Places has links to academic institutions, government branches, museums, etc.
Places hassock in pleater and draws strings together to pleat and close ends.
Places have accessible food sources.
Places have both human and physical characteristics, as well as images.
Places have build code.
Places have certain special quality.
Places have characteristics.
Places have climates.
Places have code.
Places have differences.
Places have different characteristics.
Places have different temperature.
Places have drainage.
Places have essences and songs too.
Places have floors.
Places have food sources.
Places have four entries separated by commas.
Places have good drainage.
Places have human characteristics also.
Places have human characteristics.
Places have lakes.
Places have liquid water.
Places have many options.
Places have mountains.
Places have options.
Places have plants.
Places have plentiful water.
Places have power.
Places have quality.
Places have rain.
Places have room temperature.
Places have severe climates.
Places have severe winter climates.
Places have shades.
Places have sources.
Places have spirits and stories in their own right.
Places have steady temperature.
Places have sunlight.
Places have tall vegetation.
Places have temperature.
Places have their own astrology, just like people.
Places have to be booked and paid for in advance.
Places have to be created, through practice and appropriation, to fit into the culture of the group.
Places have trees.
Places have vegetation.
Places have warm temperature.
Places have water plants.
Places have water.
Places have winter climates.
Places having fishing nets spread out indicate there is settlement of fishermen.
Places Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Places help students develop skills as well as knowledge.
Places holds on accounts for uncollected funds.
Places holds on materials for eligible patrons.
Places hopper in automatic feed.
Places hose into tray of drying machine and pushes filled tray into drying cabinet.
Places icicles into containers and places containers on conveyor.
Places Identifying the legal issues Use the list of words.
Places includes maps, local history resources, and architectural history.
Places Includes monasteries, villages, and larger administrative units.
Places is available at major booksellers throughout the Southeast .
Places is one from the heart.
Places is situated on the right.
Places is the opposite of a travel guide.
Places last for decades.
Places limits on that bingo and on rent paid for that bingo.
Places limits on the activities of credit repair firms known as credit clinics.
Places live animals in crates and ships to buyers.
Places Look here for individual restaurant and cafe listings for Brooklyn.
Places loop in splicing vise or places thimble in loop, when required.
Places lumber, veneer, or plywood on conveyor for further processing.
Places maintain charm.
Places make climates.
Places make cold climates.
Places Match the place on the right with the definition on the left.
Places matter as well.
Places mattress on table.
Places mentioned in book include Harrison County, Middle Island Creek, and Deep Valley.
Places merchandise in the appropriate stockroom area.
Places nest in tall tree, commonly near top, in open crotch or on horizontal limb.
Places now conceive their development strategies in terms of insertion into a network.
Places nuts on perforated plate through which nuts pass into separate containers, according to size.
Places objects down deliberately.
Places objects or racks of objects in washing machine.
Places offer benefits.
Places offer beverages.
Places offer mood, personality, and context.
Places order against an existing primary supply agreement.
Places order with vendor by fax, mail, or phone.
Places pad on table and strikes it with wood pole to beat and level filling.
Places Pick three meeting places for family members to meet if they are separated by a disaster.
Places pipe on mandrel and hammers pipe, using mallet to form and finish mouth.
Places points for a line.
Places provide protection.
Places provide safety.
Places provide several levels, from Intermediate to Extended.
Places provide shelter.
Places punctuation correctly, or makes a good guess.
Places rack of hats on hangers and turns switch to activate hot-air blowers.
Places reader in a spatial relationship to story.
Places receive precipitation.
Places receive sunshine.
Places related by location reveal the histories and collective aspirations of whole communities.
Places represented include Latin America, China, the Caribbean, Africa, Cambodia and India.
Places require input.
Places ring in press that forms and cures bladder.
Places roll of paper on arbor of machine and feeds paper around tension and rewind rollers.
Places roll of paper on reel stand, using hoist, and wraps end of paper around threader bar.
Places roll of ribbon on spindle and draws ribbon through machine guides and rollers.
Places sample tablet on scale pan, using tweezers, and records weight.
Places say there is no way they can afford to provide an interpreter or other accommodation.
Places see, things to do.
Places seed under stress conditions of cool temperatures, simulating early planting conditions.
Places seem to open, become wildly popular, then fold overnight.
Places server in team play mode.
Places shell opening over stuffing machine nozzle.
Places shown as are larger towns or cities.
Places shown as are particularly attractive.
Places silverware in mesh basket and immerses it in water to neutralize oxidation.
Places Skins from places explored and places soon to be explored.
Places skull on block and splits it with automatic splitter or cleaver.
Places slices in hot oil until golden brown.
Places solution in context with other security mechanisms.
Places staves inside truss hoop and forming rings to form barrel shell.
Places still remain.
Places strain on inside of the leg and causes bone spavin.
Places suited for additional storage at the last minute are the bath tub, washing machine and sinks.
Places support life.
Places support purposes.
Places support the perception of co-presence and social interaction.
Places tack in holder on machine bed.
Places template over pattern and marks off design, using pencil.
Places then become placeless.
Places trash in receptacles.
Places tray against machine and pushes levers to insert and lock sticks in tray slots.
Places treated include the face, neck, abdomen, back, buttocks and calf.
Places trustee right in the middle of a difficult situation.
Places tube onto cart or conveyor for further processing.
Places underlined in blue have their own separate web page.
Places user in the proper upright position.
Places visited are diverse and include cities and rural landscapes.
Places visited are subject to change without notice.
Places workpieces into furnace to preheat for specified time.
Places works in sociohistorical context.
Places always go quickly, and are limited.
All places above are within one hours drive.
All places are correct.
All places are equally the center.
All places are free to everyone.
All places are fully and competitively funded.
All places are holy.
All places are in Lincolnshire.
All places are in Louisiana, unless otherwise specified.
All places are open daily except as noted.
All places are really the same.
All places are self catering, with facilities for food storage and preparation.
All places are subject to interest and the availability of teaching staff.
All places are subject to on-going scrutiny.
All places arise in awareness.
All places below are in Poland unless otherwise noted.
All places below are in Sweden unless otherwise noted.
All places can be fun, but East Coast is most.
All places get a plaque.
All places have a location.
All places have a regular monthly fee as well.
All places have bad days - and diners especially can have BAD nights.
All places have plenty of free parking.
All places have their own natural resources .
All places have their own natural resources.
All places highlighted in bold type exist in Springfield today.
All places listed below are in Washington unless otherwise stated.
All places named include the exact latitude and longitude for a precise location.
All places offer holidays and weekend breaks for committed artists.
All places possess their peculiar temptation.
All places there is smoke are places there is fire.
Any place can be a sacred site if a group of people regard it as such.
Any place can be appropriate.
Any place can be over loved.
Any place can be the place.
Any place can be the right place to witness.
Any place dedicated to surfing has to be special.
Any place is acceptable if it is large enough and is convenient for the members of the group.
Any place is fine during the summer.
Any place is good if concentration is attained in that place.
Any place is welcome.
Any place there is a hole or a gap in the cloth, the weeds or grass grow through.
Every place can be a place of learning.
Every place can be a workplace in the future.
Every place counts.
Every place does.
Every place has a different potential.
Every place has a history.
Every place has a name, every house is a home.
Every place has a personality.
Every place has a story waiting to be told.
Every place has a story, too.
Every place has a unique spirit.
Every place has an off-night.
Every place has characteristics that make it different from other places.
Every place has different experiences.
Every place has interest, even Cleveland.
Every place has live bands.
Every place has one.
Every place has racial issues.
Every place has some historical significance.
Every place is a destination.
Every place is a place of meditation.
Every place is backward and bored.
Every place is called Palestine.
Every place is covered with a colorful silk.
Every place is different.
Every place is exciting and every place is very different.
Every place is full of poetry.
Every place is in a watershed.
Every place is littered with holiness.
Every place is more or less equally distant.
Every place is recommended.
Every place is special.
Every place is the centre, the starting place.
Every place is the home to which the Man of the Way returns.
Every place is under the stars, every place is the center of the world.
Every place is unique and needs a custom tailored suit.
Every place is unique.
Every place is usually one second apart.
Every place is very different from the other places, but it is always fun and exciting.
Every place makes it slightly different.
Every place mentioned is worth going to - each thing worth doing.
Every place needs a myth.
Every place ought to be known for something.
Every place seems to be different.
Every place tastes the same.
Many places accept other international currency.
Many places advertise rooms to let.
Many places allow pets, but some complexes have size limits, and most require a deposit or a fee.
Many places also offer free candy screening at local hospitals.
Many places also offer help for men suffering from the trauma of abortion.
Many places also offer holiday accommodation.
Many places also organize running races and other outdoor activities.
Many places are available only online.
Many places are available.
Many places are FREE, others impose a small fee.
Many places are inaccessible unless aircraft are used.
Many places are painted or rearranged, new furniture is brought in.
Many places are positioned where the term isolated is an understatement.
Many places are quick to fill up.
Many places are so narrow that if two cars meet head on, one has to back up.
Many places are still bright green and covered with glorious wildflowers.
Many places are suitable to play sports such as baseball, basketball, tennis and swimming.
Many places are very inbred with ideas and the way to do things.
Many places are very slow to re-assess a property, and they have limited resources to do so.
Many places are willing to train and hire without experience.
Many places are within an easy walk of major hotel areas as well.
Many places ask for a large amount of money up front.
Many places ask no more than an hour or two weekly.
Many places can be good first locations for the library.
Many places can register temperatures below freezing at any time of the year, so pack warm gear.
Many places charge an initial registration fee, annual dues and a separate charge for each visit.
Many places charge for formally mounted boards.
Many places charge much more.
Many places claim to 'bring the past to life'.
Many places continue to attempt sending bounce mail for a week.
Many places continue to attempt sending mail which bounces for a week.
Many places depend on travel and tourism for their primary source of revenue.
Many places do allow pets, but never assume, always check first.
Many places do.
Many places exist to pull off for viewing down at the riparian areas below.
Many places extract salt from the sea.
Many places featured here are remote locations which many have never heard of.
Many places have a mammal helpline people can call.
Many places have a public library, where anybody can join if they live in the area.
Many places have a return policy that requires the original packaging.
Many places have air conditioning and can get cold.
Many places have an extensive whiskey, scotch, or tequila menu.
Many places have anonymous ftp available.
Many places have building codes which specify the height, style and size of houses.
Many places have buy local rules.
Many places have good birding is good along the roads.
Many places have module distributions.
Many places have more than one fireplace.
Many places have no electricity and no water.
Many places have no non-smoking areas.
Many places have no previous experience with raising fish in ricefields.
Many places have no right of way.
Many places have ones with specialized images like pictures of the ramen museum etc.
Many places have Quranic schools, which teach Muslim religious knowledge.
Many places have rooms, condos and cottages at various price levels.
Many places have rules that limit hunting .
Many places have rules that limit hunting.
Many places have seating or a pole to lean on.
Many places have the skilled people, often at advantageous labor rates.
Many places have the standard porcelain sit down model.
Many places have the tax already added into their admission prices.
Many places have trails and gardens just waiting to be explored and enjoyed.
Many places hold bird festivals each year.
Many places hold organized parades and throw parties too.
Many places indicate healthier choices on menus.
Many places invite interesting and picturesque hiking in the mountains.
Many places lack pastoral care and meeting points altogether.
Many places let children go in free.
Many places let people shadow.
Many places lie in disrepair lacking financing for simple maintenance and repair.
Many places list the benefits of breastfeeding to both mother and baby.
Many places look like humongous ashtrays.
Many places make rattles that attach by velcro around the wrist or ankle.
Many places now have detailed local and regional transportation information online.
Many places now have free storytime and introductory offers for new folks just moving to the area.
Many places now have no griot heritage to care for the continuity of the tradition.
Many places now offer some herb plants for their customers.
Many places offer a day care facility for dogs.
Many places offer bits and pieces of history, however finding even that can be difficult.
Many places offer both excellent food and entertainment options.
Many places offer exceptionally good-value weekend breaks.
Many places offer exchange with no commission, but usually give less advantageous rates.
Many places offer exporting help for little or no cost.
Many places offer FREE guestbooks.
Many places offer free testing.
Many places offer home estimates.
Many places offer lighter victuals along with complete menus for lunch or dinner.
Many places offer preferential parking to carpoolers.
Many places offer small rebates for used batteries.
Many places offer support groups for women who have lost a child.
Many places offer tax courses to the general public.
Many places offer tutoring after school or on the weekends.
Many places online offer free goods as promotion and include free postage.
Many places only allow dogs if they are on a leash.
Many places organize dances and events for everybody.
Many places post jobs on their web sites.
Many places prefer Changelings only.
Many places prefer resumes by fax.
Many places record coldest temp of the season.
Many places say they accept students with disabilities.
Many places say they have something for everyone, but Lake Kissimmee State Park truly does.
Many places seem hopeless.
Many places sell floor coverings in showrooms.
Many places sell soil amendments to help the gardener grow the best crop they can.
Many places serve it with crispy shoestring potatoes served on top of the meat.
Many places simply pass off some frozen vegetable medley with a touch of butter.
Many places spend so much time on the customer and the client that they neglect themselves.
Many places still retain outright bans on casinos.
Many places take months for reorders and stop doing reorders right after prom season.
Many places take reservations up to a year in advance.
Many places there are hoses to get more water.
Many places upgrade computers every few years as requirements change and new technologies take over.
Many places use more steamed milk and less froth.
Many places use trams and trains as a form of public transport .
Many places use trams and trains as a form of public transport.
More places are in the pipeline.
Most places accept major credit cards.
Most places accept pesos or dollars.
Most places allow for the more than one sentence to follow the first sentence.
Most places already have a place code.
Most places also have strict return policy on used phones, so buyer beware.
Most places also offer a variety of programs throughout the year.
Most places also offer hot and damp oshibori towels to freshen up.
Most places are a little noisy.
Most places are a long way apart.
Most places are able to put water pipes in the ground or even have pipes.
Most places are acceptable for standard care.
Most places are accessible to disabled voters.
Most places are affected by acid rain.
Most places are affected by rain.
Most places are busy, but some layoffs are occurring.
Most places are convenient to public transportation.
Most places are easily accessible.
Most places are easy to reach by walking.
Most places are extremely unhurried, the girls have only zero to three programas per day.
Most places are full during the peak of the salmon season.
Most places are just ready for a busy weekend and everyone wants some of the action.
Most places are less formal, thankfully.
Most places are much cheaper at lunch and have great buffets or specials.
Most places are much more liberal.
Most places are only a few hours drive from the capital city of Melbourne.
Most places are only accessible by air or sea and charter flights and cruises are available.
Most places are open all year round.
Most places are overjoyed for school children to take such an interest.
Most places are pretty good about the way they make the drinks.
Most places are quiet, although there is less traffic on the second, third and fourth floors.
Most places are reconstruction of some part of Paris.
Most places are right outside the front door of the inn.
Most places are solely what they are today.
Most places are very good but many are exceptional.
Most places are willing to invest in the future.
Most places ask for a lease.
Most places base their nutritional values on the meat and bread alone, no condiments.
Most places buy pre-sliced lox.
Most places can barely get it together to have a carnival pull into town.
Most places charge more for a business website than for a personal one.
Most places charge similar rates than Barefoot.
Most places concentrate on the learner but here they also have advice for instructors.
Most places confirm reservations the night before and fill cancellations from their list.
Most places deal in cash, so have plenty of guilders on hand.
Most places deliver.
Most places didn t have cybercams and microphones set up but a couple did.
Most places discourage infant baptism as well.
Most places dry though with periods of sunshine.
Most places dry with only the occasional light shower.
Most places ensure safety.
Most places expect a two-night minimum during foliage.
Most places experience harsh temperature.
Most places experience harsh winter temperature.
Most places experience winter temperature.
Most places find it easier to have seats in places where people sit.
Most places get sunlight.
Most places get thunderstorms.
Most places go uphill for a while then down a little then up again, with more ups than down.
Most places grow plants.
Most places have a bus link of some kind, even the more remote villages.
Most places have a Chinese restaurant and often they're good.
Most places have a dress code which generally excludes t-shirts, jeans, and sneakers.
Most places have a dry season and a wet season.
Most places have a fistful of daily specials - and manage to support a regular menu as well.
Most places have a jerk or two.
Most places have a large variety of types of figure and race so shop around and enjoy.
Most places have a leisure lodge, a fire, and tables for non-skiing moms to read a book.
Most places have a telephone box on every street corner.
Most places have a website.
Most places have bottomless pits, they seem almost as common as the ones with bottoms in.
Most places have certain special quality.
Most places have characteristics.
Most places have climates.
Most places have code.
Most places have differences.
Most places have different characteristics.
Most places have different temperature.
Most places have drainage.
Most places have facilities for camping.
Most places have floors.
Most places have food sources.
Most places have good drainage.
Most places have governmental rest houses, simple hotels, and fast food stalls.
Most places have hard packed dirt.
Most places have hundreds of types of seeds.
Most places have lakes.
Most places have leagues and special tournaments, but times, prices and rules vary.
Most places have length and topic requirements for submitted articles.
Most places have lessons before the dance and the dancers are always willing to help.
Most places have liquid water.
Most places have lower rates in the off-season, which is a nice time to visit, anyway.
Most places have many options.
Most places have maps and information.
Most places have men working because it is traditional for women to stay home.
Most places have men working, because it is traditional for women to stay home.
Most places have no oil supplies of their own.
Most places have nonsmoking rooms available.
Most places have options.
Most places have packages that include rental cars and activities.
Most places have photographs of the plates, but a few only have descriptions.
Most places have plants.
Most places have plentiful water.
Most places have power.
Most places have quality.
Most places have rain.
Most places have restrictions on shipping because of the composition of the resin.
Most places have room temperature.
Most places have seasonal temperature changes and rainy months.
Most places have severe climates.
Most places have severe winter climates.
Most places have shades.
Most places have shag carpeting, and lord knows how many Bud tall boys have been spilled there.
Most places have some flexibility.
Most places have sources.
Most places have steady temperature.
Most places have sunlight.
Most places have tall vegetation.
Most places have temperature.
Most places have trees.
Most places have vegetation.
Most places have waiting lists.
Most places have warm temperature.
Most places have water plants.
Most places have water.
Most places have winter climates.
Most places here are hetero-friendly and offer a night of good fun, naughtiness is optional.
Most places honor major credit cards.
Most places insist that riders are accompanied by a guide.
Most places keep 'em a quarter down in case there's a flood.
Most places keep two archives, or backups.
Most places listed below maintain their own web sites.
Most places maintain charm.
Most places make climates.
Most places make cold climates.
Most places mentioned are in Poland or elsewhere in Eastern Europe.
Most places offer benefits.
Most places offer beverages.
Most places offer help and services.
Most places pay for water and sewer.
Most places pour less than an ounce to sample.
Most places prohibit smoking, alcohol and drugs.
Most places provide photographs of guest rooms in addition to exterior views.
Most places provide protection.
Most places provide safety.
Most places provide shelter.
Most places receive precipitation.
Most places receive sunshine.
Most places request at least two pieces of identification.
Most places require a pc-formatted zip disk.
Most places require input.
Most places require prepayment and charge high fees for postage.
Most places require that an in-law apartment be for relatives only.
Most places require three letters of recommendation.
Most places scan it as line art-convert it to process and then color part of it.
Most places show new releases to compete with the indoor theaters, a.k.a.
Most places shown here are out of the traditional tourist routes.
Most places simply draw names, and set a price limit.
Most places support life.
Most places take cash only.
Most places take credit cards.
Most places take weeks to get parts from abroad, and expertise is poor.
Most places tend to hurry people in and out.
Most places there's a one-word curse for everybody but haoles.
Most places try to give as best attention as possible to visitors requiring emergency repairs.
Most places use a one-word summary of the list's name.
Most places work out of their home or something like that.
Some place even start fires because it is hot.
Some places accept both aluminium and tin plated steel cans.
Some places advertise that all their plates are the same price.
Some places affect functions.
Some places allow only dogs under a certain weight.
Some places already experience many hot days per year.
Some places also have a frequency for talking between employees.
Some places also receive more water, with devastating floods and ferocious storms.
Some places also require a down payment or even paid in full two weeks in advance.
Some places apply the same concept differently.
Some places are a heck of a lot closer than others though.
Some places are at games of older kids and adults.
Some places are available for well qualified students wishing to enter the profession.
Some places are available to students from other countries, particularly in Africa.
Some places are better at notifying their honorees than others.
Some places are better to go to than others.
Some places are better to live than others.
Some places are closed midweek so that they can be open both days on weekends.
Some places are different to others it all depends.
Some places are easier to photograph from the air than any other way.
Some places are especially conducive to spirits.
Some places are even willing to fax shorter articles.
Some places are exempt from having a nonsmoking area.
Some places are frequented by hares.
Some places are frequented by prey.
Some places are friendly.
Some places are great for visiting while others are places to get things done.
Some places are hot, some are cold, some are wet and some are dry.
Some places are hundreds rather than parishes.
Some places are inhabited by cats.
Some places are inhabited by crocodilians.
Some places are inhabited by elands.
Some places are inhabited by hedgehogs.
Some places are just a little more dangerous than others.
Some places are just completely inappropriate locations for a phone call.
Some places are just harder to play at than others.
Some places are just too beautiful for their own good.
Some places are just too special to use for oil drilling, or mining, or other developments.
Some places are less expensive than others, of course.
Some places are less notable than others, just as some people are less notable than others.
Some places are less private then others.
Some places are more expensive still.
Some places are more informal than others.
Some places are more likely to get infected or have problems.
Some places are more Special than others.
Some places are new, but more expensive than off-campus housing.
Some places are only more mystical because someone claimed it.
Some places are open all day long.
Some places are particularly photogenic, they produce quintessential Colorado images.
Some places are poor and some are rich.
Some places are private clubs or are co-op owned and are concerned with keeping their members happy.
Some places are really hard and some are really easy.
Some places are rockin' more than others.
Some places are sacred to Maori, while others have important European values.
Some places are slower than others.
Some places are so important that their story can only be told by initiated people.
Some places are special and unique.
Some places are still available.
Some places are too controlling and over-edit.
Some places are too high and others are too low.
Some places are too hot, some places stink, lots of places are dirty and noisy and dark.
Some places are treeless, such as the mowed edges of the roads or the medians in divided highways.
Some places are unrecognizable.
Some places are very cold, others hot and dry.
Some places are very formal and others are anarchistic.
Some places are very pastoral looking.
Some places are well known tourist areas, other more hidden.
Some places are worse than others.
Some places are worth traveling to just to eat.
Some places become green.
Some places begin to suffer heavy floods and snowfalls while enjoying more trees and more oxygen.
Some places benefit from outside help.
Some places boast wonderful science museums.
Some places call it a puzzle while others call it an IQ tester.
Some places can be a bit flat and windy but there are some excellent downhills and rocky climbs.
Some places can be a bit muddy after rain.
Some places can even make good Pizza.
Some places can never be eyesores.
Some places carry fewer styles.
Some places catch the puffer fish while it is blown up and then sell it dried to tourists.
Some places cater to pets offering pet sitting, walking, welcome gifts, and even room service items.
Some places change hours or simply close in bad weather.
Some places charge a fee.
Some places charge duty on giveaways and printed matter.
Some places charge each noble who enters a fee for the goods they carry.
Some places charge extra for hot water.
Some places charge for tours, at others it's free.
Some places charge to take pictures.
Some places claim to be the new hot spot, others say they have the best food in town.
Some places consider academic achievement and other matters.
Some places consider flashing or exposed lights a no-no.
Some places cover containers.
Some places created by migrant communities are vibrant and exotic.
Some places do a patio menu.
Some places drink kava casually, although many people go through the whole process.
Some places even allow students to get their official grade reports online.
Some places even have boat rentals and horseback riding.
Some places even have free delivery.
Some places even have microwave ovens or stoves in a few rooms.
Some places even have patchy fog.
Some places even have separate sections of their menus dedicated to low fat healthy foods.
Some places even have their children going to school all but a handful of days throughout the year.
Some places even refuse to accept tugriks.
Some places even require extensive background checks and interviews.
Some places even shoot hot water high into the air.
Some places experience more violence than others.
Some places fall.
Some places fill with enough water.
Some places fill with water.
Some places forgoe the filters altogether.
Some places fry in lard, too.
Some places get a day off and some go to work and school as  normal.
Some places get a day off and some go to work and school as normal .
Some places get a trickle.
Some places get brief relief from drought.
Some places get snowstorms.
Some places get warmer than others.
Some places give a full refund, while some keep a nominal administrative fee.
Some places give free flu shots.
Some places give half price tickets, and others give free tickets for children.
Some places go out of their way to be accessible.
Some places go overboard and use permanent risers on the beds and toilets.
Some places has old tombstones.
Some places have a bath and running water.
Some places have a crime rate almost as high as our inner cities.
Some places have a minimum purchase.
Some places have a reputation for being particularly haunted.
Some places have an average annual precipitation of only .
Some places have an 'n', indicating a national capital.
Some places have avalanches.
Some places have bottoms.
Some places have burials.
Some places have colectivos that advertsie the price on the windshield.
Some places have detailed policies for people bringing pets which are available when booking.
Some places have development.
Some places have earthquakes.
Some places have echidnas.
Some places have exotics, and fishing.
Some places have government offices that register arms.
Some places have green sand.
Some places have high amounts, others have little or none.
Some places have higher taxes than others do.
Some places have images.
Some places have it.
Some places have large numbers of people but low per capita GNPs.
Some places have laws that make it illegal to use hate speech .
Some places have laws that make it illegal to use hate speech.
Some places have literally no food, no medicine, no nothing.
Some places have long uphills.
Some places have lots of caves.
Some places have lots of restrictions.
Some places have mobile testing vans.
Some places have modern equipment while others still use traditional ways.
Some places have more noise than others do.
Some places have nice patios to dine on and it is great.
Some places have NO county law enforcement.
Some places have no electricity.
Some places have no restrictions on older pilots.
Some places have otter sanctuaries.
Some places have overflowing populations.
Some places have plants that they use to dye their wool to make their living.
Some places have policies that allow for cats, one small dog, or indoor pets only.
Some places have problems.
Some places have quite an air of mystery.
Some places have rings.
Some places have rules about children visiting after certain times or sitting in certain areas.
Some places have sanctuaries.
Some places have sand.
Some places have several ghosts.
Some places have soft bottoms.
Some places have tables.
Some places have tendencies.
Some places have the same environment.
Some places have their best picks of herbs and tomato plants out already.
Some places have unsentimental names, such as Sour Lake.
Some places have volunteer staff but no Christian students to get involved.
Some places have water as shallow as a couple hundred feet from the land surface.
Some places have wheelchairs.
Some places have yet to re-grow.
Some places invent a language.
Some places just call everyone in the office associates.
Some places just do the test with no test counseling associated with it.
Some places just give people a bad feeling.
Some places just have higher rent, employee overhead, advertising, etc.
Some places just seem custom-made for Hollywood weddings.
Some places keep track of exchange credits on local computer bulletin boards.
Some places let snowboarders share a hill with skiers, but the two often got in each other's way.
Some places like to skimp on shrimp.
Some places lose several feet of beach each year.
Some places make a nonfat or low fat cinnamon roll.
Some places make a nonfat or low-fat cinnamon roll.
Some places make it with cheddar cheese instead.
Some places move east.
Some places offer brochures and even videotapes on the type of services they provide.
Some places offer darkness.
Some places offer equipment rental and guides for independent divers who arrive on their own.
Some places offer free delivery but require a minimum order.
Some places offer free trial memberships for a day or a week.
Some places offer pre-rolled joints of pure grass or grass and hash joints mixed with tobacco.
Some places offer rooms with or without a bath.
Some places offer tee-shirts, pins, or community recognition.
Some places offer the full range of services listed below.
Some places offer their beauty willingly, but surrender their riches reluctantly.
Some places offer water-sport possibilities on site.
Some places only allow a few things to go out.
Some places only give tenure to the top people on the planet.
Some places only offer buffet meals.
Some places practice it openly, communicating with the evil spirits, cannibalism, etc.
Some places prefer the wrist grip in stars.
Some places pride themselves on fantastic service.
Some places provide a small room for people who are willing to be caretakers or do janitorial work.
Some places provide geckos.
Some places provide housing options.
Some places provide room and board at moderate rates.
Some places provide shades.
Some places provide subscription services, so buyer beware.
Some places really are bad.
Some places really do have four high tides in one day, and other places only have one.
Some places receive snowfall.
Some places request a small fee.
Some places require a fence to be constructed around ponds of certain depths.
Some places require a minimum stay.
Some places require landscaping with bulldozers to unify the way.
Some places require moving every two days.
Some places require nurses to work overtime or take extra on-call shifts.
Some places require tents for overnight - others are accessible by boat.
Some places require the ability to speak a foreign language.
Some places require triplets or more but most have offers for twins as well.
Some places require visitors to observe a decent dress code.
Some places rise.
Some places say to use vaseline.
Some places seem to have a knack for concentrating migrating birds in larger than normal numbers.
Some places seem to just drop off the map.
Some places sell coffee with less caffiene.
Some places sell it in cellophane packages containing one-yard pieces.
Some places sell kudzu.
Some places sell locally produced arts, crafts and furniture as well.
Some places sell used tuxes and have a large selection.
Some places serve superior broth on the side.
Some places show greens, browns, and greys which have a camoflauge effect on shapes.
Some places simply cover the noodles with melted butter and then serve a boring clump.
Some places stand out easily on traditional merits.
Some places stay open but have altered schedules.
Some places still have knives chained to the wall, as a courtesy for the unprepared.
Some places still publish bankruptcy filings in the local paper.
Some places stilll have the remains of the gold rush towns.
Some places supply all the necessary gear, tackle and bait, and welcome children.
Some places take days travelling by road.
Some places teach only English.
Some places tend never to be cleaned, such as surfaces of storage containers.
Some places there are performances of norwegian folk dance.
Some places update their lists daily, some take up to a month.
Some places use it.
Some places use only sand or ash and no chemicals at all.
Some places use regular coffee, others begin with espresso.
Some places use rocks to trade goods.
Some places use Valium or an intravenous drip morphine for such cases.
Some places work better than others, but all places get reliable and consistent service.
Some places write their histories in blood.
A placebo effect is an effect
Placebo effect is a myth .
Placebo effect is the biggest problem.
Placebo effect is the healing force of nature.
Placebo effects are a possibility in any research involving human behavior.
Placebo effects are consequences.
Placebo effects are positive effects due merely to a belief in the effectiveness of the medication.
Placebo effects are psychological effects - letter to the editor.
Placebo effects can be a serious blow to the clinical ego.
Placebo effects can be more dramatic than most people realize.
Placebo effects can last a long time.
Placebo effects can occur any time subjects believe in a treatment or experimental manipulation .
A placebo is medicine
Placebo add second London date to European tour . . .
Placebo are all the strangers in the night.
Placebo are impossibly glam.
Placebo are the beautiful edge of rock where glitter meets punk - a throwback and a toss forward.
Placebo controlled study designs are important for the purpose of safety, efficacy.
Placebo discuss everything from sex to music to dodgy valentine's cards.
Placebo headlines tonight's show.
Placebo is a British rock group.
Placebo is a drug that has no medication.
Placebo is a pretty good painkiller.
Placebo is a treatment that has no medicinal effect on the human body physically.
Placebo is available everywhere, in oral, intravenous, and suppository form.
Placebo undoubtedly accounts for some treatment effect in any psychological intervention.
Placebos are consumable products.
Placebos are good medicine and the flu is nothing to sneeze at.
Placebos are medicine.
Placebos are sham.
Placebos are vesper.
Placeholder text appears in the form control before the user has made any changes.
A placeholder is an agent
Placeholders hold the area of a slide for the indicated object.
Placeholders mark unknown dates for anticipated events.
Placement exams allows for advanced placement, but carries no credit towards the degree.
Placement exams are available for each level.
Placement exams are available for each preparatory and business level.
Placement exams take up to five days to score.
Placement test is done.
Placement test is required of all new students.
Placement test is required.
Placement tests allow students to begin where they are and progress at their own pace.
Placement tests are also available for students who have limited English proficiency.
Placement tests are available free online.
Placement tests are available on a walk-in basis.
Placement tests are available to help in determining the level of instruction.
Placement tests are free of charge.
Placement tests are free.
Placement tests are mandatory for all freshmen.
Placement tests are prerequisites to enrollment in some courses.
Placement tests are valid for two years.
Placement tests ensure that the student is working at the appropriate level.
Placement tests give students an indication of their strengths and weaknesses.
Placement tests measure skill in problem solving as well as general knowledge in a subject field.
Placement testing allows academic advisors to assist students in choosing appropriate courses.
Placement testing can determine initial level.
Placement testing determines initial foreign language level.
Placement testing determines where students enter the curriculum.
Placement testing is available during registration.
Placement testing is available free of charge at all university centers and selected Maine sites.
Placement testing is conducted free of charge in the Jakarta metropolitan area.
Placement testing is done by the individual programs and departments.
Placement testing is followed by an orientation and counseling session.
Placement testing is given at specific times before the semester begins.
Placement testing is held before the beginning of the course.
Placement testing is offered throughout the summer and the academic year.
Placement testing is required before enrollment.
Placement testing is required for admission to all entry level courses.
Placement testing is required for all new students.
Placement testing is required for some courses.
Placement testing is required in the areas of reading, writing, and mathematics.
Placement testing is required of all freshmen in Mathematics, English and Reading.
Placement testing is required of all students who are beginning math, reading and English classes.
Placement testing is required prior to enrollment in any mathematics course.
Placement testing is required.
Placement testing is the first step toward student success.
Placement testing is utilized to organize homogeneous groupings.
A placement is a position
Placement also continues in Pittsburgh and Seattle.
Placement also depends on the immediate needs of the medical center.
Placement assigns tasks to processors to limit communication overhead.
Placement begins in the fall for the next summer's appointments.
Placement can advise and inform about current trends and availabilities in the job market.
Placement can be a fine art - to achieve maximum benefit.
Placement can be critical because they are sensitive to shock and vibration.
Placement can be important based on the SIZE that the species can reach at maturity.
Placement can be just as effective.
Placement can be through an agency or through a private individual.
Placement can be with a relative or in a foster care home.
Placement can begin when a parent requests an evaluation, or when a district proposes one.
Placement can enhance brand value at strategic times.
Placement can make a world of difference.
Placement can occur only when a parent or legal guardian voluntarily requests shelter for a child.
Placement continues throughout each semester.
Placement continues to be a protracted and difficult endeavor.
Placement creates balance.
Placement depends on a variety of factors which are laid out in detailed guidelines.
Placement depends on area of study.
Placement depends on availability of positions.
Placement depends on availability, a student s background and skills, and language requirements.
Placement depends on availability, the student s skills, previous experience, and language level.
Placement depends on how important the information is in understanding the synopsis.
Placement depends on interest, availability, skills, and other factors.
Placement depends on skills and abilities of the individual, and the needs of the job site.
Placement depends on space availiability.
Placement depends on the availability of appropriate mentors.
Placement depends on the choice of major or minor in addition to mathematics preparation.
Placement depends on the preference of the student as well as availability on the preferred site.
Placement depends on the student's qualifications and the availability of positions.
Placement depends on the students qualifications and the availability of positions.
Placement depends upon availability of positions.
Placement depends upon availability, a student s background and skills, and language ability.
Placement depends upon availability, a student s background and skills, and language requirements.
Placement ensures high traffic for creating awareness of product offering or brand.
Placement generally involves two markets.
Placement has a representative in the CB twice a week.
Placement here is conjecture.
Placement here is somewhat conjectural.
Placement includes for adoption or foster care.
Placement involves assisting the physical therapist with psychological factors among patients.
Placement is a great opportunity to see a grassroots organization at work.
Placement is a longstanding measure of accountability in career and technical education.
Placement is a much more developed topic.
Placement is a team effort involving program faculty, the placement office, and the student.
Placement is a topic that covers several steps in the curtain making process.
Placement is above the address.
Placement is acceptable.
Placement is according to academic standing, maturity, background and future objectives.
Placement is also be crucial.
Placement is also difficult and often inconsistent.
Placement is also key in assesing balance.
Placement is also preparation for practice.
Placement is an application and selection process.
Placement is an assessment of a student's level of preparation in a subject.
Placement is another departure from the norm.
Placement is approved by the full-time faculty clinical coordinator.
Placement is approved by the program director.
Placement is arbitrary.
Placement is arranged after application, interview, and approval by the department faculty.
Placement is arranged by a student consultation with the criminal justice faculty advisor.
Placement is arranged by a student in consultation with an anthropology faculty advisor.
Placement is arranged by the student in consultation with the instructor.
Placement is arranged for each discipline through the offering department or division.
Placement is arranged through the faculty member assigned as program director.
Placement is at a site conducive to enhancing mental health counseling skills.
Placement is at a site conducive to enhancing systems counseling skills.
Placement is at a site consistent with the student s career goals.
Placement is at the discretion of each web editor.
Placement is at the discretion of the director.
Placement is at the discretion of the practicum coordinator.
Placement is at the head of, and the end of, the lead article.
Placement is at the sole discretion of the webmaster.
Placement is at the teacher's discretion.
Placement is automatic if space is available.
Placement is available in a variety of agencies, organizations, and institutions.
Placement is based first on number of problems solved.
Placement is based on a first come basis.
Placement is based on academic achievement, teaching and related experience.
Placement is based on audition score.
Placement is based on audition.
Placement is based on availability and host university acceptance.
Placement is based on coach's evaluation.
Placement is based on county of residence.
Placement is based on education and related experience.
Placement is based on high school rank and their scores on the standardized entrance examinations .
Placement is based on individual applicant's skills and knowledge.
Placement is based on individual evaluation of past education.
Placement is based on instrumentation and ability level.
Placement is based on life-style and interests expressed in a questionnaire.
Placement is based on many factors, including location and particular campaigns' needs.
Placement is based on math entrance exam.
Placement is based on mathematics assessment test score or previous college mathematics course work.
Placement is based on musical experience.
Placement is based on position openings.
Placement is based on seniority.
Placement is based on teacher recommendation.
Placement is based on the affiliated clinical site availability.
Placement is based on the applicant's choice as well as current needs.
Placement is based on the application and an interview.
Placement is based on the clients care needs.
Placement is based on the communication mode being used and the student's district of residence.
Placement is based on the District's screening criteria.
Placement is based on the number of problems solved.
Placement is based on the persons interests, skills and available time.
Placement is based on the same criteria as print.
Placement is based on weight division and overall scores for one season.
Placement is based upon individual tier underwriting guidlines.
Placement is based upon pre-existing skills and can, in some cases, result in a permanent position.
Placement is based upon teacher recommendation.
Placement is by audition .
Placement is by audition and at the discretion of the director.
Placement is by audition or at the discretion of the director.
Placement is by audition.
Placement is by auditions, which are held late in the fall semester.
Placement is by bid.
Placement is by examination.
Placement is by first come first serve.
Placement is by interview only.
Placement is by invitation only.
Placement is by teacher and counselor recommendation.
Placement is by test upon arrival, regardless of the number of years of previous language study.
Placement is by test, regardless of previous study.
Placement is charged according to a contract rate between our company and the school.
Placement is chosen to complement the student's major and career interests.
Placement is common both locally and nationally.
Placement is competitive and adherence to the schedule is encouraged.
Placement is competitive.
Placement is completed as a team with appropriate referrals made as necessary.
Placement is concurrent with program program activities.
Placement is confirmed after the student and the designated agency personnel have met.
Placement is conjecture.
Placement is considered on an individual basis.
Placement is contingent on space available in pre-requisite nursing courses.
Placement is contingent upon student s area of interest and parental approval.
Placement is continued if the services are appropriate to meet the student's educational needs.
Placement is critical.
Placement is crucial in such cases.
Placement is crucial.
Placement is dependent on availability of funds and positions.
Placement is dependent on the ability to relocate to areas where teachers are in demand.
Placement is dependent upon availability of resources in the community and in the department.
Placement is dependent upon availability.
Placement is dependent upon education and years of experience.
Placement is dependent upon education and years of experiences.
Placement is dependent upon the availability of appropriate sites.
Placement is dependent upon the number of existing opportunities and employer requirements.
Placement is dependent upon tutor availability.
Placement is designed based upon individual interests, skills, and experience.
Placement is determined according to available locations and student's area of interest.
Placement is determined after auditions are completed and adjudicated.
Placement is determined after the evaluation of the testing.
Placement is determined before needs are established.
Placement is determined by a proficiency exam at the beginning of the semester.
Placement is determined by a writing proficiency test.
Placement is determined by a writing sample.
Placement is determined by a written multi-choice test done in our offices.
Placement is determined by assessment prior to admission to the program.
Placement is determined by audition.
Placement is determined by availability.
Placement is determined by choice of concentration and cluster.
Placement is determined by entrance exam and grade school performance.
Placement is determined by examination.
Placement is determined by Hebrew proficiency.
Placement is determined by in-house diagnostic testing.
Placement is determined by skill level.
Placement is determined by testing and advisement.
Placement is determined by the assessment results.
Placement is determined by the audition score and needs of the ensemble.
Placement is determined by the availability of an appropriate setting.
Placement is determined by the director of the music program.
Placement is determined by the entrance exam and grade school performance.
Placement is determined by the individual needs of each youth.
Placement is determined by the instructors on the basis of a test given on the first day of class.
Placement is determined by the Italian proficiency exam administered during the orientation session.
Placement is determined by the needs of each individual child.
Placement is determined by the number of openings availible in each class.
Placement is determined by the teacher.
Placement is determined for ballet, jazz, and contemporary dance classes.
Placement is determined through testing and a review of the student's academic background.
Placement is determined through testing and math and English department recommendations.
Placement is determined through the auditions which take place at the beginning of the school year.
Placement is dictated by advertising staff.
Placement is difficult and often slow.
Placement is done by software.
Placement is done in a few different ways.
Placement is driven by speed performance requirements and array placement restrictions.
Placement is essential.
Placement is everything.
Placement is exclusive.
Placement is flexible throughout the year.
Placement is for credit only.
Placement is for the obituary page only.
Placement is found with assistance of the department head.
Placement is free of charge.
Placement is free.
Placement is full-time, with benefits.
Placement is generally best in the midline chest and just below the left scapula.
Placement is generally mid-block between intersections.
Placement is handled by the coordinator of the program after consulting with all parties.
Placement is huge.
Placement is imperative for performance and convenience.
Placement is important for more than just the prestige of going to a top institution.
Placement is important for the non-animal pieces, too.
Placement is important.
Placement is in a single room unless otherwise requested.
Placement is in public school setting with students with moderate and severe disabilities.
Placement is key.
Placement is limited to pre-set templates.
Placement is limited to schools in the Metro Milwaukee area.
Placement is limited to students from the member universities.
Placement is limited.
Placement is made according to individual ability, interest, and experience.
Placement is made according to students' requests and housing availability.
Placement is made and progress in monitored through our program office in Madrid.
Placement is made and progress is monitored through our program office in Madrid.
Placement is made at the same time that German units are deployed .
Placement is made by department chairs.
Placement is made by the clinical education coordinator.
Placement is made by the supervising faculty in the department.
Placement is made in agencies such as youth services, counseling, and welfare services.
Placement is made in an agency, organization or facility whose primary client group is the elderly.
Placement is made in licensed facilities ranging from group homes to residential treatment centers.
Placement is made on a competitive basis.
Placement is made on the basis of skills and job availability at the time of arrival.
Placement is made only with advice and approval of advisor.
Placement is made only with the advice and approval of the student's advisor.
Placement is mandatory for math and English classes.
Placement is more important than the type of bait.
Placement is nearly the same in all regions of the United States.
Placement is offered and students assist teachers in the community at the early childhood level.
Placement is on a competitive basis and the employer makes the selection.
Placement is on a competitive basis.
Placement is on a first come first serve basis.
Placement is on a first come, first serve basis.
Placement is on a first come, first served request basis and at the discretion of the web master.
Placement is on a space available basis at each out-reach site.
Placement is on an individual basis.
Placement is on either a contingency or retained search basis.
Placement is one of the biggest factors in any concern over scarring when our children grow older.
Placement is open to children of university students and staff.
Placement is open.
Placement is pending.
Placement is permanent but subject to modification to conform with future ordinance.
Placement is predominantly day time hours.
Placement is primarily a school process and responsibility.
Placement is publisher's choice with exception of preferred positions.
Placement is required regardless of receiving a planning, design, or construction loan.
Placement is restricted to currently used items only.
Placement is reviewed at the end of each year.
Placement is reviewed on an annual basis.
Placement is reviewed periodically and students are reassigned when appropriate.
Placement is selected in cooperation with the internship director and the major adviser.
Placement is special education classes do little is anything to solve the original problem.
Placement is still uncertain, although most likely it is some type of ceratosaur .
Placement is still with the husband as provided in that order.
Placement is student initiated and faculty approved.
Placement is subject to availability.
Placement is subject to available space in the course.
Placement is subject to chair discretion.
Placement is subject to chairs' direction.
Placement is subject to chair's discretion.
Placement is subject to chairs' discretion.
Placement is subject to openings available.
Placement is subject to the availability of an approved site.
Placement is supervised until the adoption is finalized.
Placement is the end result of the referral, screening and identification process.
Placement is the key to good fortune.
Placement is the key, as the holes meander through a thicket of pines and Spanish moss.
Placement is the most important factor in gaining maximum value from probes.
Placement is the responsibility of students, in consultation with department.
Placement is the responsibility of the students.
Placement is the student's responsibility.
Placement is through audition and teacher recommendation.
Placement is treated broadly and separately from selection and diagnosis.
Placement is very important to the success of all organ.
Placement is within the right-hand menu bar.
Placement isa relation.
Placement makes all the difference.
Placement means the day to day residence of the children.
Placement measures the number of program completers placed in employment.
Placement measures the number or percentage of people employed at the end of a program.
Placement needs to do more for students.
Placement occurs after orientation or extensive interview.
Placement occurs through an adoption agency.
Placement refers to the schedule of time that a child spends with the respective parents.
Placement reflects that.
Placement requires a journal entry for a less restrictive placement.
Placement requires a law student.
Placement requires a successful interview with a cooperating business.
Placement requires approval of the internship coordinator and acceptance by an employer.
Placement requires law students.
Placement requires less time and few special tools.
Placement takes precedence over length here.
Placement then alternates with each player placing two stones.
Placement together is the primary goal, but separation of the siblings is a consideration.
Placement typically is in public or non-profit agencies.
Placement varies, but instructions to authors often appear inside the journal's front or back cover.
Placements also exist in a public relations firms promoting services and products.
Placements also offer an opportunity to be involved in significant change.
Placements are across a wide range of disciplines from web page design to testing of equipment.
Placements are activities.
Placements are also an effective way to establish networks throughout central office.
Placements are also available in New Zealand.
Placements are also available in public relations.
Placements are also available in the field of education.
Placements are also available in theater companies and with orchestras.
Placements are also available in tourism and hotel management.
Placements are also possible with consulting organizations.
Placements are also possible with local middle schools.
Placements are arranged on a first come, first serve basis.
Placements are as diverse as our students.
Placements are as regular, full-time professional staff in offices throughout the Executive branch.
Placements are at non-profit, often grassroots agencies, as well as in schools and parishes.
Placements are at the top, middle and foot of the newsletter.
Placements are available across the state and with physicians in a variety of specialty areas.
Placements are available at all levels in both regular and special education classes.
Placements are available both in the UK and abroad.
Placements are available each semester and in the summer.
Placements are available for academic credit.
Placements are available for both semesters and summer.
Placements are available for elementary, secondary, special education and physical education majors.
Placements are available for students from each division.
Placements are available for students from each school.
Placements are available for students in all colleges, all majors.
Placements are available in a broad range of sites representing every field of social work practice.
Placements are available in a variety of clinical settings throughout Northern California.
Placements are available in a wide area of legal specializations.
Placements are available in agriculture, forestry and horticulture, as well as other fields.
Placements are available in Baltimore, Washington, and out of state.
Placements are available in banks, businesses, and schools.
Placements are available in both semesters and in the summer.
Placements are available in both the UK and abroad.
Placements are available in government and non-governmental organizations.
Placements are available in Lansing, Grand Rapids, and other locations in West Michigan.
Placements are available in many business fields in a variety of British and multinational firms.
Placements are available in many fields.
Placements are available in many of the same offices as the assistantships.
Placements are available nationally and internationally.
Placements are available throughout China, and are made before the participant leaves home.
Placements are available to students of all engineering disciplines.
Placements are available to support both the state office and local community partnerships.
Placements are available within Glasgow and throughout the West of Scotland.
Placements are based on practical work experience, there is no formal training element.
Placements are both in Washington D.C. and at embassies oversears.
Placements are by court order only.
Placements are competitive in a difficult job market.
Placements are complementary to all academic disciplines and majors.
Placements are contact.
Placements are contingent upon vacancies in the class.
Placements are currently with a wide variety of different organisations, in the UK and overseas.
Placements are easy and bomber.
Placements are either full or part-time.
Placements are excellent but the costs of training are high.
Placements are flexible, starting throughout the year and last from one month upwards.
Placements are flexible, typically lasting from three months to one year.
Placements are flexible.
Placements are for one semester or a full academic year.
Placements are for two to three weeks or two months.
Placements are from three months to two years.
Placements are generally at ski resorts and other winter recreation areas.
Placements are generally part-time and are completed within one semester.
Placements are generally part-time and can be one or two semesters in length.
Placements are generally part-time and off campus.
Placements are in a variety of community agency, school, college or educational settings.
Placements are in a wide variety of Washington, D.C. agencies.
Placements are in Benin, Southern Africa, Peru or Vietnam.
Placements are in commerce, industry and the public sector and are based in both the UK and abroad.
Placements are in community development, community health and environmental advocacy.
Placements are in Europe, Africa and Latin America.
Placements are in major universities throughout China.
Placements are in mental health, applied developmental and industrial settings.
Placements are in school districts of different sizes, ethnic diversity, and economic levels.
Placements are in settings in which working with children is the primary activity.
Placements are in various settings in urban, rural and suburban environments.
Placements are individual, so check with the organization for details and fees.
Placements are joyous occasions.
Placements are likely to be in management, fundraising and advocacy training.
Placements are limited and subject to availability.
Placements are limited and the selection process is competitive.
Placements are limited to availability in our geographic area.
Placements are limited, but opportunities are accorded students of exceptional ability.
Placements are limited, so early notification is essential.
Placements are limited.
Placements are mostly dependent on what the military perceives it needs.
Placements are normally for one year.
Placements are normally salaried positions and found by staff in consultation with students.
Placements are normally salaried positions found by staff in consultation with students.
Placements are off campus, full or part-time, usually without pay.
Placements are often very marginal and pitches require many hours to complete.
Placements are on an employment basis with an attached salary.
Placements are on campus and in the community.
Placements are ordinarily to the offices of individual senators.
Placements are plentiful and more employers are welcome.
Placements are positions.
Placements are possible in a variety of settings.
Placements are possible in industry and commerce generally.
Placements are possible in nearly any discipline throughout most of East and Southeast Asia.
Placements are primarily in school-based family resource centers.
Placements are relevant, challenging and usually paid.
Placements are searchable by users looking for specific positions.
Placements are self-financed.
Placements are still available.
Placements are still in development in other areas.
Placements are subject to departmental approval.
Placements are to be arranged by student and faculty member together.
Placements are typically available from pre-school through secondary school.
Placements are usually a half-day per week and unpaid.
Placements are usually for pairs or small teams.
Placements are usually in different companies and are often in two different locations.
Placements are usually in paid work and there are opportunities in the UK and abroad.
Placements are virtually unlimited in subject matter.
Placements are worldwide.
Placements become available on a rotating basis.
Placements begin the second week of the semester.
Placements can also indicate to a taxonomist possible relationships between species.
Placements can be as close to campus as a five-minute walk or as far away as another continent.
Placements can be extensions of short-term projects which provide orientation and training.
Placements can be extensions of short-term projects, which provide orientation and training.
Placements can be for planned respite, emergency respite or medium term.
Placements can be from Florida to California.
Placements can be in the city or more frequently in a village.
Placements can be in the Hunter, the Central Coast, Sydney or rural areas.
Placements can be in urban planning agencies, social service agencies, or research bureaus.
Placements can be very varied.
Placements can involve anything from one month's vacation work to a full 'sandwich' year.
Placements can take the form of individual or class projects, internships or even practicums.
Placements continue to the present.
Placements cover a wide range of activities.
Placements do make a big difference in people s lives.
Placements encourage flexibility and adaptability and match individual professional interests.
Placements enhance the student's management of health and illness across the care trajectory.
Placements exist in every job field from art to zoology.
Placements exist in London, Glasgow and Belfast.
Placements have a ninety-day guarantee with a free replacement.
Placements match students' major areas of academic study and correlate with their career goals.
Placements provide mentors to fellows and meet the interests and needs of the host agencies.
Placements range from corporate offices to rural South American health clinics.
Placements range from museums and arts organizations to artists' workshops and graphic design firms.
Placements range from Web page design to carpentry.
Placements take place in suitable locations external to the university.
Placements take place throughout ther three year course.
Placements take place throughout three years.
Placements tend to be no longer than three months.
Placements typically are in Vancouver, Toronto, Ottawa and abroad.
Placements typically involve several steps depending on the specific case.
Placements vary based on a student's interests and training needs.
Placements vary from entry level and unskilled positions to professional and technical occupations.
Placements usually occur in the two summer vacations and run for four weeks each time.
ALL placement is determined by the program administrators.
All placement is double-checked by a second diagnostic essay written during the first week of class.
All placement is subject to change during the term if necessary.
All placements are academically relevant.
All placements are by Publisher's policies and requirements.
All placements are contingent upon acceptance by the companies and firms.
All placements are during spring semester.
All placements are employer fee paid.
All placements are graded pass-fail.
All placements are in agency settings with on-site supervision.
All placements are in Albany.
All placements are in mainstream settings to maximize community integration.
All placements are in single rooms with facilities for study.
All placements are in the Cedar City, Iron County are unless otherwise indicated.
All placements are public interest law offices, and students see poor and disabled clients.
All placements are rock solid and easy.
All placements are subject to approval by representatives of the off-campus site.
All placements are subject to official program approval.
All placements are with nonprofit and government agencies.
All placements begin on the first of the month and end on the last day of the month.
All placements have financial stipends.
All placements require the Fundamentals of Substance Abuse Counseling credential.
Every placement is guaranteed with the finest warranty in the industry.
Every placement is paid and credit generating.
Many placements are difficult, but there is the occasional bomber piece.
Many placements call for experience of breeding work and artificial insemination.
Many placements encourage groups of students to get involved.
Many placements exist in Asia and eastern Europe.
Many placements offer schedule flexibility.
Many placements require a master's degree.
Most placement is done the by the first two weeks of school each semester.
Most placements are in archives, historical societies, or museums.
Most placements are in Colorado Springs.
Most placements are in small cities or towns where there are few foreigners.
Most placements are in Sydney and Canberra.
Most placements are in the twenty-five to fifty thousand range.
Most placements are voluntary.
Most placements come by word of mouth.
Most placements hold little less than body weight and falls are serious affairs.
Most placements require a two-year minimum commitment excluding training time.
Most placements require persons who can converse in French, but some are entirely English-speaking.
Some placements also call for basic book-keeping and business management skills.
Some placements are collaborative, combining research facilities with opportunities for teaching.
Some placements are compensatory.
Some placements are free others expect some remuneration.
Some placements are immediate, and others require more lead time.
Some placements are in business or government agencies.
Some placements are part of programmes that are run regionally and nationally.
Some placements are renewable for a second year.
Some placements have both one-time opportunities as well as regular weekly or monthly commitments.
Some placements have minimum hours requirements.
Some placements offer financial compensation, but that is the exception rather than the rule.
Some placements offer FREE room and board.
Some placements require additional fees or memberships.
Some placements require commitments of six months or a full semester.
Some placements require familiarity with basic concepts relevant to the field.
Some placements require proficiency in Spanish.
Some placements require proficiency in the native language.
Some placements require security background checks to be completed before classes begin.
Some placements schedule on-site classes for the students.
A placenta is a structure
Placenta acts as a partial barrier to infection at term as well as earlier during pregnancy.
Placenta increta the villi are in the muscle wall.
Placenta is a lobulated structure which contains cotyledons.
Placenta is a potent barrier and transmission occurs at the time of childbirth.
Placenta is a tissue formed by the cells from the embryo and the mother.
Placenta is actually a temporary organ.
Placenta is another target tissue especially for lead, cadmium and mercury.
Placenta is in the upper pole of the uterus and without evident pathology.
Placenta is now one-sixth of fetal weight .
Placenta is thickened, discolored.
Placenta isa plant part.
Placenta percreta the villi are through the muscle wall, usually into bladder wall.
Placenta separates from the uterine wall and gets expelled by mild, irregular contractions.
Placentas also block the potential immune response of the mother against the developing fetus.
Placentas anchor develop embryos.
Placentas anchor embryos.
Placentas are another potential source for stem cells.
Placentas are body parts.
Placentas are nutritional, endocrine, and immunological organs.
Placentas are part of ovaries.
Placentas are solid objects.
Placentas cause brain damage.
Placentas cause damage.
Placentas have (part) sections.
Placentas have functions.
Placentas have important functions.
Placentas transport nutrients.
Placentas vary widely in size and shape.
Most placentas cause brain damage.
Most placentas cause damage.
Most placentas have functions.
Most placentas have important functions.
Some placentas are part of blossoms.
Some placentas are part of buds.
Some placentas are part of catkins.
Some placentas are part of florets.
Some placentas are part of flowers.
Some placentas are part of ovaries.
Some placentas grow walls.
Some placentas have appearances.
Some placentas produce enzymes.
Some placentas provide nutrients.
Some placentas survive for months.
Placental abruption is diagnosed with an ultrasound examination.
Placental abruption is discussed above and usually develops early following trauma.
Placental abruption is diseases.
Placental abruption is separation of the placenta from the implantation site.
Placental abruption is the early separation of a normal placenta from the wall of the uterus.
Placental abruption is three times more likely to occur in a multiples pregnancy.
Placental abruption quintuples the likelihood of a woman delivering a low birth weight infant.
Placental accidents are more likely, too.
Placental angiomas are relatively common and only occasionally cause problems.
Placental animals develop internally attached to their mothers by an umbilical cord.
Placental barriers offer protection.
Most placental barriers offer protection.
Placental bats take to an ulterior night's air.
Placental cells fail to grow and divide.
Placental circulation is improved, giving the baby a better supply of oxygen.
Placental detachment is more commonly incomplete, and there are fewer and less severe complications.
Placental development happens between thirty to ninety days of the pregnancy.
Placental extracts are another big hype.
Placental function is more likely to be abnormal in a multiple pregnancy.
Placental hormones act on receptors.
Most placental hormones act on receptors.
Some placental hormones are physiologically very similar to pituitary hormones.
Placental location determines which approach is used.
A placental mammal is a mammal
Placental mammals are found on all continents, in the air, and in the seas.
Placental mammals are mammals.
Placental mammals are nourished through a placenta before they are born.
Placental mammals are one of three major groups of living mammals.
Placental mammals bear live young.
Placental mammals complete the entire embryonic development in uterus and then are born live.
Placental mammals develop inside the body of their mother, in the uterus.
Placental mammals evolve.
Placental mammals get nutrients.
Placental mammals give birth after fetuses are much more developed.
Placental mammals give birth to live young, and house the embryo until it is complete.
Placental mammals have a corpus callosum , unlike monotremes and marsupials.
Placental mammals have a single uterus and nourish their young with the placenta.
Placental mammals have placentas.
Placental mammals have uteruses.
Placental mammals retain their offspring in special structures called the uterus.
All placental mammals require progesterone for early pregnancy maitenance.
Most placental mammals get nutrients.
Most placental mammals have extensions of uterine body, called horns, for multiple births.
Most placental mammals have placentas.
Most placental mammals have uteruses.
Some placental mammals consume fetuses.
Some placental mammals produce offspring.
Placental material is sealed in red biohazard bags.
Placental nourishment is more efficient than nourishment of the pouched animals.
Placental passage is unknown.
Placental pathology can impair the exchange of gases across the placenta prenatally.
Placental problems figure more prominently in women with epilepsy.
Placental problems interrupt blood and oxygen supply to the fetus that can result in brain damage.
Placental progesterone is a steroid hormone produced by the placenta during pregnancy.
Placental tissue is formed.
Placental transfer fluoridates newborn, reduces available fluoride binding sites.
Placental transfer is insignificant and the drug is widely used in obstetrics.
Placental transfer is minimal.
Placental transmission is possible but rare.
Placental vasoconstriction occurs decreasing blood flow to the fetus causing fetal hypoxia.
A placental is a mammal
Placentals are mammals.
Placentals are the largest group of mammals.
Placentals form a blastodisc similar to reptiles.
Placentals give birth to fairly well-developed young.
Placentals have a placenta, marsupials a pouch where the immature young finish their development.
Most Placentals possess two orbital glands.
Placentation can be axil or parietal.
Placentation is a reproductive structure
Placentation is apical or basal.
Placentation is apical or parietal.
Placentation is apical.
Placentation is axil or parietal.
Placentation is axile and apical.
Placentation is axile or basal.
Placentation is basal or parietal.
Placentation is basal to marginal.
Placentation is basal.
PLacentation is basal.
Placentation is described as diffuse and epitheliochorial, as in the mare.
Placentation is free-central or basal.
Placentation is marginal.
Placentation is parietal to axile.
Placentation is parietal.
Placentation sometimes axile.
Placer County has a no smoking policy for all county facilities.
Placer County has easy access to four major freeways intersecting in Sacramento.
Placer County is a remarkable place to live and work.
Placer County is a wonderful place to visit, but it is an even nicer place to live. . . . .
Placer County is an equal opportunity employer.
Placer County is in the Sacramento Valley Region.
Placer County is one of the fastest growing counties in California.
Placer County is recognized for employment opportunities.
Placer County is the place to live, work, and play.
Placer County looks great.
Placer County offers something for everyone.
Placer deposits come from preexisting lode deposits that are exposed at the surface of the earth.
Placer deposits consist of gold mixed with sand and gravel.
Placer deposits form from weathering and erosion of rocks containing gold.
Placer gold can range from light yellow to a dull, coppery yellow.
Placer gold exists as fines, scales, flakes, grains, and nuggets.
Most placer gold is found close to bedrock.
Placer mines are facilities.
Placer mines are mines.
A placer mining is a mining
Placer mining are mining.
Placer mining can potentially have severe impacts on water quality.
Placer mining continues to be done on a small scale here.
Placer mining is the separation of pieces of gold from the pieces of stone in the gravel.
Placer mining requires large amounts of water.
Placid clouds can suddenly turn into storm clouds.
Placid Lake is popular among sailboat enthusiasts and water-skiers.
Placid soils have an umbric epipedon and are wetter.
Placid soils have an umbric epipedon.
Placings are ordering.
A placket is a piece
A placket is cloth
Plackets have four wood-tone buttons.
Placticed relaxation is important.
A plage is a beach
Plage has a beta-gamma magnetic configuration.
Plages are beachs.
Plages jump out, filaments become much more crisp.
Many plagiarised papers are from CDs too.
Plagiarised work gets a mark of zero.
A plagiarism is a writing
Plagiarism also consists of passing off as one s own segments or the total of another person s work.
Plagiarism also consists of undocumented use of another's ideas.
Plagiarism also constitutes cheating.
Plagiarism also includes collaboration on the organization and phrasing of laboratory reports.
Plagiarism also includes misquoting or misrepresenting the work of another.
Plagiarism also includes submitting a paper written by someone else.
Plagiarism also includes the use of other persons' unpublished work.
Plagiarism amounts to intellectual theft stealing the ideas or work of others.
Plagiarism anywhere is despicable.
Plagiarism applies to e-mail messages as much as other documents.
Plagiarism applies to e-mail messages just as other documents.
Plagiarism Be aware of the college s policy on plagiarism in the student handbook.
Plagiarism brings shame and litigation.
Plagiarism can also be grounds for failure.
Plagiarism can also mean using someone else's ideas without acknowledging that person as the source.
Plagiarism can also occur in oral presentations.
Plagiarism can be deliberate or accidental.
Plagiarism can be hard work.
Plagiarism can be intentional or unintentional.
Plagiarism can be intentional, can be due to carelessness, or can be the result of ignorance.
Plagiarism can be less obvious.
Plagiarism can be more complicated in act and intent, however.
Plagiarism can be unintentional as well as intentional.
Plagiarism can blatant or subtle.
Plagiarism can carry a penalty as serious as expulsion.
Plagiarism can have serious consequences ranging from failure in the course to expulsion.
Plagiarism can have serious consequences.
Plagiarism can have very serious consequences.
Plagiarism can lead to failure for the course or even expulsion from the university.
Plagiarism can occur when a student is ignorant of correct citational procedures.
Plagiarism can result from either deliberate dishonesty or ignorance of citational procedures.
Plagiarism can result in a failing grade for the entire course.
Plagiarism can result in an automatic failing grade for the semester.
Plagiarism can result in anything from failure in the course to expulsion from school.
Plagiarism can result in disciplinary action.
Plagiarism can result in expulsion form the university.
Plagiarism can result in expulsion from the program.
Plagiarism can result in failing a particular paper or the entire course.
Plagiarism can result in failing the course and being put on probation.
Plagiarism can result in failure of an assignment or the entire course.
Plagiarism can result in failure of the course.
Plagiarism can result in failure, suspension, or even dismissal.
Plagiarism can result in severe academic penalty.
Plagiarism can take at least two forms.
Plagiarism can take several forms.
Plagiarism can warrant failure for the course.
Plagiarism can, in some cases, be a subtle issue.
Plagiarism carries some pretty dire consequences.
Plagiarism carries with it penalties ranging from an F on the assignment to an F in the course.
Plagiarism comes from a Latin word meaning kidnapping and ranges from paraphrasing to theft.
Plagiarism comes in a lot of forms.
Plagiarism comes in two forms.
Plagiarism consists in copying the work of another, in whole or in part , without citing the source.
Plagiarism consists in copying the work of another, in whole or in part, without citing the source.
Plagiarism consists of presenting the words or ideas of another without proper acknowledgment.
Plagiarism consists of the unacknowledged use of the words or ideas of another person.
Plagiarism constitutes academic misconduct according to university policy.
Plagiarism constitutes grounds for failing the class.
Plagiarism constitutes grounds for failing the course.
Plagiarism constitutes grounds for immediate failure of the paper.
Plagiarism constitutes the use of another person's work without proper acknowledgment of that work.
Plagiarism constitutes unethical scientific behavior and is never acceptable.
Plagiarism contradicts the fundamental values of any university.
Plagiarism covers a wide range of uncredited use of the material of another.
Plagiarism cuts at the very heart of the academic world.
Plagiarism DON'T . . .
Plagiarism encompasses a range of errors and violations.
Plagiarism encompasses many things, and is by far the most common manifestation of academic fraud.
Plagiarism equals failure.
Plagiarism further includes letting another person compose or rewrite a student assignment.
Plagiarism gets the death penalty.
Plagiarism goes against university policy and can lead to disciplinary proceedings.
Plagiarism has the same effect.
Plagiarism implies copying work produced by someone else.
Plagiarism includes borrowing without acknowledging the source.
Plagiarism includes copying another student's work.
Plagiarism includes copying sentences directly from another source.
Plagiarism includes even partial copying of assignments from other students.
Plagiarism includes failing to give a citation for using work from another person or source.
Plagiarism includes more than directly copying another person's paper.
Plagiarism includes more, too, than simply undocumented verbatim quotation.
Plagiarism includes paraphrasing the thoughts of another writer without acknowledgement.
Plagiarism includes photocopying or changing the name on another student's paper.
Plagiarism includes portraying words or ideas as one's own.
Plagiarism includes the 'borrowing' of ideas from others without appropriate citation.
Plagiarism includes the use of another person's work without attribution.
Plagiarism includes turning in identical assignments.
Plagiarism includes using computer programs and procedures written by others.
Plagiarism involves fraud and misrepresentation.
Plagiarism involves presenting the ideas or work of another person as being one's own.
Plagiarism involves stealing from the other writer and lying to the reader.
Plagiarism involves the failure to cite outside sources from which words and ideas are taken.
Plagiarism involves the presentation of another person's words, ideas, or work as one's own.
Plagiarism involves the presentation of another person's words, ideas, or work, as one's own.
Plagiarism involves the use of the ideas or writings of another without acknowledgment of that use.
Plagiarism involves using the work of another person and presenting it as one's own.
Plagiarism is . . .
Plagiarism is a bad, bad thing.
Plagiarism is a big deal in the academy.
Plagiarism is a big problem.
Plagiarism is a breech of professional ethics and is theft of intellectual property.
Plagiarism is a century old problem, many centuries in fact.
Plagiarism is a crime.
Plagiarism is a Crime.
Plagiarism is a difficult concept to define.
Plagiarism is a direct violation of intellectual and academic honesty.
Plagiarism is a fact of academic life.
Plagiarism is a failing offense.
Plagiarism is a fancy word for stealing and fraud.
Plagiarism is a firable offense at many publications.
Plagiarism is a fireable offense at many publications.
Plagiarism is a form of academic dishonesty and results in the same penalty.
Plagiarism is a form of academic dishonesty.
Plagiarism is a form of academic fraud and is treated very seriously.
Plagiarism is a form of academic fraud.
Plagiarism is a form of cheating and has the same consequences.
Plagiarism is a form of cheating and stealing.
Plagiarism is a form of cheating or stealing.
Plagiarism is a form of cheating that involves presenting as one s own the ideas or work of another.
Plagiarism is a form of cheating that involves presenting as one's own the ideas or work of another.
Plagiarism is a form of cheating that involves presenting as one's work the ideas or work of others.
Plagiarism is a form of cheating.
Plagiarism is a form of intellectual dishonesty.
Plagiarism is a form of intellectual property violation.
Plagiarism is a form of stealing.
Plagiarism is a form of theft and is wrong.
Plagiarism is a form of theft.
Plagiarism is a moral offense, rather than a legal one.
Plagiarism is a moral term, while infringement is a legal term.
Plagiarism is a more common form of academic misconduct.
Plagiarism is a particularly serious academic offense.
Plagiarism is a prime intellectual offense in that the borrower is faking discovery process.
Plagiarism is a rampant problem on college and university campuses today.
Plagiarism is a rapidly growing problem in many venues to day.
Plagiarism is a serious academic crime.
Plagiarism is a serious academic issue.
Plagiarism is a serious academic offence and the consequences are severe.
Plagiarism is a serious academic offence, the penalty for which is usually failure in the course.
Plagiarism is a serious academic offence.
Plagiarism is a serious academic offense .
Plagiarism is a serious academic offense.
Plagiarism is a serious academic sin.
Plagiarism is a serious academic violation.
Plagiarism is a serious breach of academic ethics.
Plagiarism is a serious charge and can result in expulsion from the university.
Plagiarism is a serious concern and one that the university takes very seriously.
Plagiarism is a serious concern for scientists and graduate students.
Plagiarism is a serious crime, even if unintentional.
Plagiarism is a serious crime.
Plagiarism is a serious disciplinary offence.
Plagiarism is a serious examination offence.
Plagiarism is a serious form of academic fraud.
Plagiarism is a serious form of cheating.
Plagiarism is a serious intellectual crime.
Plagiarism is a serious issue.
Plagiarism is a serious matter.
Plagiarism is a serious misstep.
Plagiarism is a serious offence .
Plagiarism is a serious offence and is treated as such by the college.
Plagiarism is a serious offence in journalism courses and in the profession in general.
Plagiarism is a serious offence which can be avoided by always citing sources.
Plagiarism is a serious offence.
Plagiarism is a serious offense and can result in dismissal.
Plagiarism is a serious offense and constitutes reason to fail the course.
Plagiarism is a serious offense and constitutes stealing the ideas of other people.
Plagiarism is a serious offense and is a violation of the Honor Code .
Plagiarism is a serious offense and is a violation of the Honor Code.
Plagiarism is a serious offense and is met with severe penalties.
Plagiarism is a serious offense and is tantamount to theft.
Plagiarism is a serious offense but is easy to avoid.
Plagiarism is a serious offense in an academic environment.
Plagiarism is a serious offense in college.
Plagiarism is a serious offense in The Netherlands.
Plagiarism is a serious offense in the professional and academic world.
Plagiarism is a serious offense representing intellectual theft.
Plagiarism is a serious offense resulting in a failing grade on that paper.
Plagiarism is a serious offense that can result in a failing grade in the course.
Plagiarism is a serious offense that can result in expulsion from the graduate program.
Plagiarism is a serious offense, and can result in a zero grade for the work dishonestly performed.
Plagiarism is a serious offense, but it's a private matter within our profession.
Plagiarism is a serious offense, punishable by suspension or dismissal.
Plagiarism is a serious offense. . . .
Plagiarism is a serious offense.
Plagiarism is a serious unprofessional practice.
Plagiarism is a serious violation of academic honesty and carries serious penalties.
Plagiarism is a serious violation of campus policy, with possible legal ramifications.
Plagiarism is a serious violation of the Honor Code .
Plagiarism is a serious violation of the Honor Code.
Plagiarism is a totally new concept for many students.
Plagiarism is a type of cheating and can result in very serious penalties at U.S. universities.
Plagiarism is a type of replication.
Plagiarism is a very serious academic offense that can result in academic probation or expulsion.
Plagiarism is a very serious academic offense that carries heavy penalties.
Plagiarism is a very serious accusation.
Plagiarism is a very serious act of misconduct.
Plagiarism is a very serious and complicated matter.
Plagiarism is a very serious breach of academic honesty.
Plagiarism is a very serious matter and the consequences can also be very serious.
Plagiarism is a very serious matter.
Plagiarism is a very serious offence within the academic community.
Plagiarism is a very serious offense against the University Honor Code.
Plagiarism is a very serious offense which can result in severe penalties.
Plagiarism is a very serious offense, punishable by expulsion.
Plagiarism is a very serious offense.
Plagiarism is a very serious violation of academic honesty and carries a severe penalty.
Plagiarism is a violation of academic honesty.
Plagiarism is a violation of academic integrity.
Plagiarism is a violation of both the student code of conduct and professional ethics.
Plagiarism is a violation of ethical practices.
Plagiarism is a violation of intellectual honesty.
Plagiarism is a violation of that code and is subject to severe penalties.
Plagiarism is a violation of the Academic Honor Code.
Plagiarism is a violation of the honor code.
Plagiarism is a violation of the Honor Code.
Plagiarism is a violation of the student conduct code.
Plagiarism is a violation of the university's honor code.
Plagiarism is a violation of university rules.
Plagiarism is a worse problem for images of works of art than for text.
Plagiarism is a zero.
Plagiarism is absolutely unacceptable .
Plagiarism is academic dishonesty and can mean failure in a course and suspension from college.
Plagiarism is academic dishonesty.
Plagiarism is academic fraud and penalties are severe.
Plagiarism is academic theft.
Plagiarism is against the law and is an especially egregious act for a professional communicator.
Plagiarism is against the law.
Plagiarism is against the rules of academic institutions and is dishonest.
Plagiarism is against university policy and can result in suspension from the university.
Plagiarism is alive and thriving.
Plagiarism is alive and well on campuses and in cyberspace.
Plagiarism is also a form of academic misconduct and is unacceptable.
Plagiarism is also a form of cheating.
Plagiarism is also a form of theft.
Plagiarism is also a serious offense.
Plagiarism is also grounds for failure.
Plagiarism is also intolerable.
Plagiarism is also quite tricky.
Plagiarism is always a concern when people write research papers.
Plagiarism is always improper.
Plagiarism is among the worse examples of academic dishonesty.
Plagiarism is an academic irregularity.
Plagiarism is an academic offence.
Plagiarism is an academic offense for which there are serious consequences.
Plagiarism is an academic reality.
Plagiarism is an act of academic dishonesty.
Plagiarism is an act of dishonesty.
Plagiarism is an act of unadulterated, sociopathic evil.
Plagiarism is an act to pass off as one's own the ideas, writings, etc. of another.
Plagiarism is an act, that violates Section IV-A of the University Code .
Plagiarism is an affront to the educational and ethical standards of intellectual work.
Plagiarism is an attempt to obtain undeserved academic advantage.
Plagiarism is an automatic failure.
Plagiarism is an example of an academic offence.
Plagiarism is an extremely serious academic offense.
Plagiarism is an extremely serious matter.
Plagiarism is an extremely serious offence.
Plagiarism is an extremely serious offense.
Plagiarism is an honor offense.
Plagiarism is an offense for which grades are lowered.
Plagiarism is an offense punishable by law.
Plagiarism is an offense under the Honor Code.
Plagiarism is an offense.
Plagiarism is anathema.
Plagiarism is another possible concern for teachers.
Plagiarism is applicable to written, oral and artistic work.
Plagiarism is as reproduction and presentation of the work of others without acknowledgement.
Plagiarism is as serious an offense in a virtual class as it is in any other class.
Plagiarism is automatic grounds for academic dismissal.
Plagiarism is bad, immoral, evil, and anti-democratic.
Plagiarism is bad.
Plagiarism is certainly the exception rather than the norm in our community.
Plagiarism is completely unacceptable and is professionally unethical.
Plagiarism is completely unacceptable and it is professionally unethical.
Plagiarism is completely unacceptable and professionally unethical.
Plagiarism is completely unacceptable.
Plagiarism is considered a form of cheating.
Plagiarism is considered a form of theft and at the university is a serious violation.
Plagiarism is considered a form of theft.
Plagiarism is considered a serious academic and legal offense in our culture.
Plagiarism is considered a serious offence.
Plagiarism is considered a serious offense for a number of reasons.
Plagiarism is considered a serious violation of the honor system.
Plagiarism is considered a very serious offense in the academic community.
Plagiarism is considered academic dishonesty and is subject to disciplinary action.
Plagiarism is considered academic theft.
Plagiarism is considered as any use of another's work without proper references.
Plagiarism is considered one of the worst possible offenses in most colleges and universities.
Plagiarism is considered to be a serious offense or academic theft.
Plagiarism is considered to be academic dishonesty.
Plagiarism is dead.
Plagiarism is dealt with quite severely.
Plagiarism is defined as any case where one person tries to take credit for the work of another.
Plagiarism is defined as attempting to pass off as one's own work the ideas or words of another.
Plagiarism is defined as failing to cite the source of an idea or piece of information.
Plagiarism is defined as misrepresenting another s ideas, phrases or discourse as one s own.
Plagiarism is defined as misrepresenting another's ideas, phrases or discourse as one's own.
Plagiarism is defined as misrepresenting another's ideas, phrases, discourse or works as one's own.
Plagiarism is defined as misrepresenting another's ideas, phrases, discourse, or works as one's own.
Plagiarism is defined as offering another s work as one s own without appropriate acknowledgment.
Plagiarism is defined as presenting another person's words, work or opinions as one's own.
Plagiarism is defined as presenting another person's work or ideas as one's own.
Plagiarism is defined as presenting as one s own the writing or work of others.
Plagiarism is defined as presenting as one's own the writing or work of others.
Plagiarism is defined as presenting the work of someone else as one s own.
Plagiarism is defined as presenting the work of someone else as one's own.
Plagiarism is defined as reproduction and presentation of the work of others without acknowledgment.
Plagiarism is defined as stealing another person's work and passing it off as one's own.
Plagiarism is defined as taking work, writing, etc., from another and passing it off as one's own.
Plagiarism is defined as the improper use of another's ideas, statements, work, etc.
Plagiarism is defined as the literary theft.
Plagiarism is defined as the presentation of the ideas or the writing of someone else as one's own.
Plagiarism is defined as the unacknowledged use of another's words, ideas, or information.
Plagiarism is defined as the unacknowledged use of the words or ideas of another person.
Plagiarism is defined as the unattributed use of someone else's ideas or writings.
Plagiarism is defined as the verbatim use of four or more words from an unreferenced source.
Plagiarism is defined as to take and use ideas, passages, etc.
Plagiarism is defined as using the work of others without giving it appropriate credit.
Plagiarism is defined in terms of proscribed acts.
Plagiarism is discussed in relation to note-taking and to writing.
Plagiarism is dishonest and unacceptable.
Plagiarism is dishonest and unfair to other students.
Plagiarism is dishonest because it misrepresents the words and ideas of another as one's own.
Plagiarism is dishonest, a form of academic misconduct.
Plagiarism is dishonest, and so committing it is a serious matter.
Plagiarism is dishonest, foolish, and dangerous.
Plagiarism is dishonest, unethical and at times illegal.
Plagiarism is dishonest.
Plagiarism is dishonorable.
Plagiarism is easier than originality.
Plagiarism is easy in the electronic age, but it is now easier to catch as well.
Plagiarism is easy now that so many essays are available on the web.
Plagiarism is easy on the Web.
Plagiarism is easy to avoid.
Plagiarism is easy to commit.
Plagiarism is easy to do.
Plagiarism is easy to fall into.
Plagiarism is either an act of ignorance or an act of desperation.
Plagiarism is encouraged.
Plagiarism is equivalent to intellectual robbery .
Plagiarism is essentially an academic infringement.
Plagiarism is essentially fraud, since the plagiarist gets the credit for someone else s work.
Plagiarism is essentially theft - the stealing of someone else's intellectual property.
Plagiarism is evident.
Plagiarism is extremely serious.
Plagiarism is fairly easy to detect.
Plagiarism is forbidden.
Plagiarism is frowned on.
Plagiarism is grounds for a failing grade.
Plagiarism is grounds for academic dismissal.
Plagiarism is grounds for dismissal.
Plagiarism is grounds for expulsion from the course in extreme cases.
Plagiarism is grounds for expulsion from the university.
Plagiarism is grounds for failing the class.
Plagiarism is grounds for failing the course .
Plagiarism is grounds for failing the course and expulsion from school.
Plagiarism is grounds for failing the course.
Plagiarism is grounds for failure in the class.
Plagiarism is grounds for failure in the course.
Plagiarism is grounds for failure of the course.
Plagiarism is grounds for failure.
Plagiarism is grounds for loss of credit for the assignment or failure in the class.
Plagiarism is handled according to the procedures outlined in the college handbook.
Plagiarism is illegal and certainly qualifies as a violation of the Honor Code.
Plagiarism is illegal and discourteous in the extreme.
Plagiarism is illegal and unethical.
Plagiarism is illegal and unprofessional and can result in being fired from a professional position.
Plagiarism is illegal and very disrespectful of someone's hard work.
Plagiarism is illegal.
Plagiarism is immoral and illegal.
Plagiarism is in fashion.
Plagiarism is in the assignment design.
Plagiarism is inadmissable.
Plagiarism is inadmissible.
Plagiarism is inexcusable and easy to avoid.
Plagiarism is intellectual dishonesty.
Plagiarism is intellectual theft and lying.
Plagiarism is intellectual theft and violates the student honor code.
Plagiarism is intellectual theft, and is the cardinal sin of the academic world.
Plagiarism is intellectual theft.
Plagiarism is intolerable.
Plagiarism is involved when one uses, without acknowledgment, the ideas of others.
Plagiarism is irreconcilable with the code of journalists.
Plagiarism is lame.
Plagiarism is like stealing.
Plagiarism is literally an artistic theft and misrepresentation and is illegal.
Plagiarism is literary burglary.
Plagiarism is literary theft.
Plagiarism is misrepresentation of another person's writing as one's own.
Plagiarism is more an ethical issue than a legal one, unless fraud is involved.
Plagiarism is more of a problem in academic circles than it is in business.
Plagiarism is more than theft.
Plagiarism is motivated out of self-interest.
Plagiarism is necessary.
Plagiarism is never acceptable.
Plagiarism is never pretty and a truly awful way of starting a business.
Plagiarism is no laughing matter.
Plagiarism is nothing new.
Plagiarism is obvious .
Plagiarism is occasion for moral outrage.
Plagiarism is often a failure to use appropriate citation techniques.
Plagiarism is often unintentional, and bad research habits can form early in elementary school.
Plagiarism is often unintentional.
Plagiarism is one example of academic dishonesty.
Plagiarism is one form of academic dishonesty.
Plagiarism is one form of cheating.
Plagiarism is one form of intellectual dishonesty.
Plagiarism is one of the most frequent violations of academic integrity in history classes.
Plagiarism is one of the most frequently reported types of academic cheating.
Plagiarism is one of the most seriousinfractions a professional or student can commit.
Plagiarism is one of the worst academic sins.
Plagiarism is one of the worst blights on the teaching-learning scene.
Plagiarism is one of the worst mistakes anyone can make.
Plagiarism is one such offence.
Plagiarism is outrageous.
Plagiarism is perhaps the most common and misunderstood form of academic dishonesty.
Plagiarism is plagiarism, no matter what the type of book.
Plagiarism is plagiarism, whether it occurs electronically or manually.
Plagiarism is possible with any formal work performed in any medium and in any scholarly discipline.
Plagiarism is possible with any work performed in any medium and any scholarly discipline.
Plagiarism is punishable by decapitation, mutilation or dismissal, at the whim of the professor.
Plagiarism is punishable by failure, expulsion, or loss of employment.
Plagiarism is punished in a variety of ways.
Plagiarism is regarded as a form of theft and is therefore a serious offence.
Plagiarism is regarded as unethical.
Plagiarism is regarded very seriously.
Plagiarism is rewarded with failure .
Plagiarism is risky and counterproductive.
Plagiarism is s serious offense.
Plagiarism is sad.
Plagiarism is serious business .
Plagiarism is serious business.
Plagiarism is something else.
Plagiarism is something to do with attitude.
Plagiarism is sometimes the act of carelessness or ignorance.
Plagiarism is still plagiarism, whether it be on the Web or on paper.
Plagiarism is strictly forbidden and grounds for failing the course.
Plagiarism is strictly forbidden and results in failure.
Plagiarism is subject to failure on the individual assignment or failure for the entire course.
Plagiarism is subject to penalty ranging form failure on the assignment to failure in the course.
Plagiarism is taken very seriously and can result in quite heavy penalties .
Plagiarism is the academic and literary equivalent of robbery, taking someone else's property.
Plagiarism is the academic equivalent of theft.
Plagiarism is the academic offense and is taken very seriously by colleges and universities.
Plagiarism is the act of literary theft, the stealing of someone's ideas or work.
Plagiarism is the act of passing off as one's own the ideas or writings of another.
Plagiarism is the act of presenting the ideas or words of another as one's own.
Plagiarism is the act of presenting the ideas or works of another as one's own.
Plagiarism is the act of submitting another person's ideas as one's own.
Plagiarism is the act of taking and using another's work as one's own.
Plagiarism is the act of using the words and ideas of others without giving proper credit.
Plagiarism is the appropriating and subsequent passing off of another person's work as one's own.
Plagiarism is the appropriation of another's work to claim it as one's own.
Plagiarism is the appropriation without attribution of another person s thoughts or words.
Plagiarism is the big topic in most of the discussions.
Plagiarism is the borrowing of another's words and ideas without proper acknowledgment.
Plagiarism is the borrowing or the theft of another person's writing.
Plagiarism is the cardinal sin of academic life.
Plagiarism is the copying of another s words without proper citation.
Plagiarism is the copying of another work.
Plagiarism is the deliberate and unacknowledged theft of another person's intellectual property.
Plagiarism is the dishonest use of the work of others.
Plagiarism is the enemy of all writing.
Plagiarism is the equivalent to intellectual theft.
Plagiarism is the failure to acknowledge any linguistic or ideational indebtedness.
Plagiarism is the failure to give credit for the material from other sources.
Plagiarism is the failure to give credit for the use of material from outside sources.
Plagiarism is the flip side of forgery and a form of stealing and a form of misrepresentation.
Plagiarism is the gravest of all academic crimes.
Plagiarism is the highest and most abhorred of all academic crimes, and is seriously punished.
Plagiarism is the highest crime that a scholar can commit because it denies legitimate ownership.
Plagiarism is the improper borrowing of another person's words, ideas, or methods.
Plagiarism is the inclusion of someone else's words, ideas, or data as one's own work.
Plagiarism is the intellectual equivalent of forgery, and it is never permissible.
Plagiarism is the intentional OR unintentional theft of words or ideas.
Plagiarism is the intentional representation of words, ideas, or work of another as one's own.
Plagiarism is the intentional use of another's words or argument without proper credit.
Plagiarism is the intentional use of someone else's words or ideas without proper acknowledgment.
Plagiarism is the misrepresentation of another person's writing as one's own.
Plagiarism is the most common form of academic dishonesty.
Plagiarism is the most frequent problem.
Plagiarism is the offering of the words or ideas of another as one's own.
Plagiarism is the offering of the work of someone else as one s own.
Plagiarism is the offering of the work of someone else as one's own.
Plagiarism is the offering of words or ideas of another as one's own.
Plagiarism is the offering of work of another as one s own.
Plagiarism is the order of the cyberwaves with no protection such as intellectual property rights.
Plagiarism is the practice of submitting work or ideas other than one's own as being one's own.
Plagiarism is the practices of passing off the words and work of others as the work of oneself.
Plagiarism is the presentation of another person's idea or product as one's own.
Plagiarism is the presentation of another person's ideas or product as one's own.
Plagiarism is the presentation of another s work as one s own and is a form of academic misconduct.
Plagiarism is the presentation of another s work as one s own.
Plagiarism is the presentation of another's work as one's own.
Plagiarism is the presentation of someone else's product, words, ideas, or data as one's own work.
Plagiarism is the presentation of someone else's work as one's own.
Plagiarism is the presentation of the ideas of others as one s own.
Plagiarism is the presentation of the work of another as one s own.
Plagiarism is the representation of another person's words and ideas as one's own.
Plagiarism is the representation of another person's work or ideas without proper referencing.
Plagiarism is the representation of someone else's words, ideas or data as ones own work.
Plagiarism is the representation of the ideas or words of another person as one's own.
Plagiarism is the same thing as the fair use policy.
Plagiarism is the single most serious offense against academic and intellectual integrity.
Plagiarism is the stealing or passing off as one's own the words or ideas of another.
Plagiarism is the stealing or passing off of the ideas of another as one's own.
Plagiarism is the submission of the ideas or words of others as one s own, and is cause for failure.
Plagiarism is the term applied to the unacknowledged borrowing of words or ideas of other authors.
Plagiarism is the theft of another s words or ideas.
Plagiarism is the theft of ideas without citing the source, and is taken very seriously.
Plagiarism is the theft of someone else's ideas and work.
Plagiarism is the ultimate sin in the academic world.
Plagiarism is the unacknowledged appropriation of another s work, words, or ideas.
Plagiarism is the unacknowledged borrowing of another writer's words or ideas.
Plagiarism is the unacknowledged ore insufficiently acknowledged use of words or ideas of another.
Plagiarism is the unacknowledged reproduction of another's words, ideas or work.
Plagiarism is the unacknowledged use of another person s ideas, words or work.
Plagiarism is the unacknowledged use of another person s labor, ideas, words or assistance.
Plagiarism is the unacknowledged use of another person s labor, ideas, words, or assistance.
Plagiarism is the unacknowledged use of another persons labor, ideas, words or assistance.
Plagiarism is the unacknowledged use of another person's labor, ideas, words, or assistance.
Plagiarism is the unacknowledged use of another writer s words or ideas.
Plagiarism is the unacknowledged use of another's words, ideas or research.
Plagiarism is the unacknowledged use of secondary sources.
Plagiarism is the unacknowledged used of somebody else's words or ideas.
Plagiarism is the undocumented use of another person's ideas or words.
Plagiarism is the undocumented use of another's ideas or words.
Plagiarism is the undocumented use of someone else's ideas or words.
Plagiarism is the use of another person's ideas or thoughts without referencing.
Plagiarism is the use of another person's ideas or writing without proper attribution.
Plagiarism is the use of another s words or ideas without acknowledgment of their source.
Plagiarism is the use of another's ideas or words as one's own without giving the author due credit.
Plagiarism is the use of another's words or ideas without acknowledgment of their source.
Plagiarism is the use of another's words or ideas without acknowledgment.
Plagiarism is the use of another's words without crediting that person.
Plagiarism is the use of other people's works without proper citation.
Plagiarism is the use of some one else's work, ideas, quotes, etc. without due credit.
Plagiarism is the use of someone else s words or ideas without proper credit.
Plagiarism is the use of someone else's ideas or work without appropriate acknowledgment or credit.
Plagiarism is the use of someone else's intellectual property.
Plagiarism is the use of the words of others without attribution.
Plagiarism is the use of words or ideas from another's work without giving proper credit.
Plagiarism is the use, without attribution, of someone else's thoughts or words.
Plagiarism is theft .
Plagiarism is theft and is to be avoided at all costs.
Plagiarism is theft and results in the immediate failure of the paper or worse.
Plagiarism is theft of another individual's words or ideas.
Plagiarism is theft of another person's writing or ideas.
Plagiarism is theft of another person's writings or ideas.
Plagiarism is theft of intellectual property.
Plagiarism is theft of others' ideas without acknowledging the source and is totally forbidden.
Plagiarism is theft of the real author's work and provides an unfair advantage to the plagiarist.
Plagiarism is theft, piracy, and is generally a criminal activity.
Plagiarism is theft, plain and simple.
Plagiarism is theft.
Plagiarism is to be strictly avoided.
Plagiarism is to steal or pass off one s words as their own .
Plagiarism is treated as a form of cheating.
Plagiarism is treated very seriously.
Plagiarism is unacceptable , even if unintentional.
Plagiarism is unacceptable academic behavior.
Plagiarism is unacceptable and illegal.
Plagiarism is unacceptable and results in NC .
Plagiarism is unacceptable at any level of learning.
Plagiarism is unacceptable in an academic institution and is subject to penalty.
Plagiarism is unacceptable in an environment devoted to learning .
Plagiarism is unacceptable in any grammar school, college, or law school, and even in politics.
Plagiarism is unacceptable to the college community .
Plagiarism is unacceptable.
Plagiarism is uncool.
Plagiarism is undocumented use of material from texts and other sources.
Plagiarism is unequivocally unacceptable.
Plagiarism is unethical, illegal, and just plain wrong.
Plagiarism is unethical, uncivilized, unmoral, unacceptable and illegal.
Plagiarism is unethical.
Plagiarism is unquestionably the worst academic violation a student can commit.
Plagiarism is very easy to spot.
Plagiarism is very serious and it can be grounds for failure in a course.
Plagiarism is viewed as a serious academic offense.
Plagiarism is viewed as one of the most serious of academic offenses.
Plagiarism is what the word is about.
Plagiarism is wrong for several reasons.
Plagiarism is, essentially, cheating .
Plagiarism is, in fact, so serious that it is an offence.
Plagiarism is, of course, strictly forbidden.
Plagiarism is, of course, the unpardonable sin.
Plagiarism is, some say, the sincerest form of flattery.
Plagiarism is, therefore, more pernicious than piracy.
Plagiarism is, therefore, theft.
Plagiarism means presenting as one's own, the words or the work of someone else.
Plagiarism means presenting as one's own, the work, ideas, or words of someone else.
Plagiarism means presenting, as one's own, the words, the work, or the opinions of someone else.
Plagiarism means taking credit for someone else's words or ideas.
Plagiarism means to steal and pass off the work of another as one's own.
Plagiarism means to steal, purchase, or pass off the ideas or works of another as one's own.
Plagiarism means using another student's work or published work without credit.
Plagiarism means using another's work without giving credit.
Plagiarism means using the words or ideas of another person without attribution.
Plagiarism normally results in a failing grade for the plagiarized work.
Plagiarism occurs when a student uses of purchases ghost-written papers.
Plagiarism occurs when a student uses or purchases ghost-written papers.
Plagiarism occurs when a student uses or purchases ghostwritten papers.
Plagiarism occurs when a writer presents the writing and thinking of others as personal expression.
Plagiarism occurs when a writer uses someone else's words or ideas without proper acknowledgement.
Plagiarism occurs when material is taken from a source without proper citation.
Plagiarism occurs when people pass off other people's ideas as their own.
Plagiarism occurs when students fail to acknowledge that ideas have been borrowed.
Plagiarism occurs whenever another's words or ideas are used without attribution .
Plagiarism occurs whenever another's work is submitted as one's own.
Plagiarism poses threats to academic integrity on the undergraduate level.
Plagiarism ranges from inept paraphrasing to outright theft.
Plagiarism Read the plagiarism handout carefully.
Plagiarism refers to borrowing the work, ideas, or knowledge of others for personal gain.
Plagiarism refers to taking credit for the work of others.
Plagiarism refers to the use of another person's work without giving proper credit to that person.
Plagiarism requires only a few mouse clicks.
Plagiarism results even if a citation mark is included at the end of the copied section.
Plagiarism results in a failing grade for the class.
Plagiarism results in a zero for the work submitted, so it's crucial to understand the concept.
Plagiarism results in a zero grade.
Plagiarism results in an automatic failure of the assignment.
Plagiarism results in an F for the course.
Plagiarism results in an F for the piece of work.
Plagiarism results in an F on the paper.
Plagiarism runs from the rather mild to the totally flagrant.
Plagiarism saves time.
Plagiarism seems so much harder to spot when students only have to cut and paste materials.
Plagiarism similarly affects students, instructors, and the course.
Plagiarism still occurs, even in composition courses.
Plagiarism takes many forms.
Plagiarism takes several forms.
Plagiarism undermines learning and the purposes of our academic institutions.
Plagiarisms are writing.
Plagiarism often starts with the notetaking stage of the research process.
Plagiarism sometimes confuses students.
Plagiarism sometimes occurs unintentionally, through faulty note-taking.
Plagiarism usually carries the penalty of automatic failure for the course.
All plagiarism is considered intentional.
Any plagiarism is justified if it keeps the search alive.
Most plagiarism is unintentional.
Most plagiarism occurs innocently, when a reader fails to credit another's work appropriately.
Most plagiarism occurs when students simply fail to fully document their sources.
Some plagiarism is extreme and willful.
Some plagiarism stems from simply copying the work of another student.
A plagiarist is a thief
Plagiarist is such an ugly word.
Plagiarists are always suspicious of being stolen from.
Plagiarists are thiefs.
Plagiarists bypass the learning process by cheating .
Plagiarists sometimes manage to publish again.
Many plagiarists are dismissed, often immediately after the guilty verdict is rendered.
Plagiarized answers are unacceptable.
Plagiarized assignments receive a grade of zero.
Plagiarized material is usually quite evident to the instructor.
Plagiarized papers fail.
Plagiarized papers receive an automatic failing grade.
Plagiarized summaries receive a grade of zero.
Plagiarized work gets a zero.
A plagiocephaly is a congenital abnormality
Plagiocephaly occurs most often.
Plagioclase feldspars are minerals.
Plagioclase feldspars are silicates that contain considerable sodium and calcium.
Plagioclase feldspars are yet another silicate that contains considerable sodium or calcium.
Plagioclase feldspars contain considerable sodium and calcium.
Plagioclase feldspars make up more than two-thirds of total feldspars.
All plagioclase feldspars show a type of twinning that is named after albite.
A plagioclase is a spar
Plagioclase begins to crystallize.
Plagioclase feldspars lack potassium, are light colored and are usually striated.
Plagioclase feldspars Most of lunar feldspars belong to the plagioclases family.
Plagioclase has low relief and synthetic twining.
Plagioclase is a common mineral in many volcanic rocks.
Plagioclase is a common mineral on Earth and one of rather low specific gravity.
Plagioclase is a member of the feldspar mineral family.
Plagioclase is abundant as coarser phenocrysts and as very fine-grained laths in the matrix.
Plagioclase is abundant as large crystals.
Plagioclase is altered to illite and biotite to chlorite.
Plagioclase is common in phenocrysts, but it can also occur in the matrix along with the pyroxenes.
Plagioclase is concentrated in igneous rocks from the oceanic crust .
Plagioclase is found as very small microcrystalline interstitial patches.
Plagioclase is interstitial to other grains.
Plagioclase is often lighter than basaltic magmas from which they crystallize.
Plagioclase is the common feldspar found in intermediate to mafic silicate rocks.
Plagioclase is the liquidus phase in the three investigated systems, followed by the magnetite.
Plagioclase is the most abundant mineral in both facies.
Plagioclase is the most common phase, but most of the lavas are classified as aphyric.
Plagioclase is white.
Plagioclase occurs as tiny, needle-like microlites .
Plagioclase phenocrysts in basaltic glass show hopper-car, boxy, and acicular habits.
Plagioclases are feldspars.
Plagioclases are minerals.
Some plagioclases show a zoned pattern because the cooling of the magma was rapid.
Plagiotropic movements are oblique to the direction of stimulus.
Plague vaccine is an active immunizing agent used to prevent infection by plague bacteria.
Plague vaccine is to be administered only by or under the supervision of a doctor.
Plague affects mammals.
Plague can be devastating to prairie dog populations, wiping out entire colonies in some areas.
Plague can wax when rats wane.
Plague exists in natural enzootic cycles involving wild rodents and their fleas.
Plague hits London.
Plague infects rodents.
Plague is a disease of antiquity that has persisted to modern times.
Plague is a disease of rodents that can be spread to humans and other animals by infected fleas.
Plague is a disease that affects humans and other mammals.
Plague is a stimulus
Plague is annoyance.
Plague is bacterial infection.
Plague is books.
Plague is calamities.
Plague is common in Central Europe.
Plague is different from smallpox, which is different from anthrax.
Plague is diseases.
Plague is epidemic in England.
Plague is epidemic in London.
Plague is in London.
Plague is lethal to many rodents.
Plague is now less virile, but comes in multiple strains.
Plague is present in London.
Plague is present in natural foci.
Plague is primarily a zoonotic infection.
Plague is spread by flea infested rats.
Plague is still around today in small numbers and is treated with antibiotics.
Plague is usable once per day and costs one daily use of the contagious touch ability.
Plague isa disease.
Plague occurs at the beginning of the summer turn of each year.
Plague primarily is a disease of rodents.
Plague revives in London.
Plague spreads easily, kills quickly, and leaves behind terror and death.
Plague strikes all the world's grasses.
Plagues appear throughout the biblical record.
Plagues are frequent in the eastern Eastern States.
Plagues arrive in spectacular fashion.
Plagues begin on the Earth.
Plagues continue as long as climatic conditions favor the large hatches.
Plagues historically end when the virus can no longer find a susceptible host to live and grow in.
Plagues involve the presence of virulent pathogens in a large number of hosts.
Plagues periodically decimate prairie dog colonies.
Most plague affects mammals.
Most plague infects rodents.
Some plague is transmitted by fleas.
Some plague kills biologists.
A plaice is flounder
Plaice are characterised by their smooth , brown skin , red spots and bony ridge behind the eyes .
Plaice are characterised by their smooth, brown skin, red spots and bony ridge behind the eyes.
Plaice are common all around Britain and Ireland.
Plaice are great to eat, although it takes some practice to successfully fillet a flatfish.
Plaice have distinctive orange spots on their back, while the underside is white.
Plaice is a bottom-dwelling flatfish.
Plaice is a common name used for a group of flatfish .
Plaice is a long-lived species and subject to high fishing pressure.
Plaice is a member of the flounder family, thicker, heartier and very popular in Europe.
Plaice is available fresh or frozen and can be bought whole or as fillets.
Plaice is fished by Danish seine and bottom trawl.
Plaice is low in calories.
Plaice is probably the best known fish species in the North Sea.
Plaice isa fish.
Plaice live mostly on sandy bottoms, although they also live on gravel and mud.
Plaice reach maturity typically when they are between four and six years old.
Plaice spend nearly all their life lying on their side on the sea-bed.
Plaices are fish.
Plaices are flatfishs.
Plaices are flounder.
Plaices are part of plaices.
Plaices have (part) brains.
Plaices have (part) breasts.
Plaices have (part) cell membranes.
Plaices have (part) chest cavities.
Plaices have (part) chests.
Plaices have (part) corpi.
Plaices have (part) cytoplasm.
Plaices have (part) ears.
Plaices have (part) faces.
Plaices have (part) fish scales.
Plaices have (part) fishbones.
Plaices have (part) flippers.
Plaices have (part) heads.
Plaices have (part) nuclei.
Plaices have (part) pedal extremities.
Plaices have (part) plasma membranes.
Plaices have (part) rib cages.
Plaices have (part) sections.
Plaices have (part) skulls.
Plaices have (part) sperm.
Plaices have (part) sterna.
Plaices have (part) tail fins.
Plaices have (part) vacuoles.
Plaices have (part) vertebrate feet.
Plaices have (part) yolks.
Some plaices are caught by dutch fishermen.
Some plaices are caught by fishermen.
Some plaices have sides.
Plaid also is back in style, especially for the again-fashionable women's pedal pushers.
Plaid are the torchbearers for a brand freestyle electronics that shuns restriction.
Plaid does offer their products for sale at their web site.
Plaid is blue, pink, white, green and yellow.
Plaid is both diverse and interconnected.
Plaid is cloth
Plaid is everywhere.
Plaid is patterns.
Plaid never goes out of style.
Plaid openly support live exports, road building, economic growth and nuclear power plants.
Plaid plays a hand in almost every stage of the production process of our products.
Plaid puts the past into present tense.
Plaids add an additional design dimension to many garments.
Plaids are very important on ball skirts.
Plaids get mixed up with leather, denim, velvet and sequins.
Plaids go with stripes, florals go with polka-dots.
Plain amaranth is nutty but bland, and it can be cooked in half water and half stock or apple juice.
Plain apples are delicious.
Plain arrows represent the transmitted field motion vector.
Plain backgrounds are often best.
Plain bags are available from inventory.
Plain banisters rest on bracket-like supports.
Some plain bison transmit tuberculosis.
Plain bleach is best.
Plain breadcrumbs Prepare a yeast dough.
Plain bullets work well with all browsers.
Plain buttons are pretty straightforward to use.
Plain characters are copied to the output stream.
Plain characters are copied verbatim to the resulting string.
Plain chocolate is made by adding sugar and enough cocoa butter to mold the chocolate into bars.
Plain coffee has virtually no calories.
Plain colors do too.
Plain colours are usually best for readability.
Plain disks have a .pln extension, and the extents of the plain disk have a .dat extension.
Plain dress is a part of the nonconformity and the separation from the world principle.
Plain error bypasses the waiver rule.
Plain error is error that is both obvious and prejudicial.
Plain error is error that is clear or obvious and affects substantial rights.
Plain error is error that results in a miscarriage of justice or denies a defendant a fair trial.
Plain error is one that is evident, obvious, and clear.
Plain error is that which is obvious and prejudicial, affecting substantial rights of the defendant.
Plain fact is amply sufficient.
Plain fact is, wood is better than hemp for most purposes.
Plain facts are no guide in the premises, however.
Plain facts have little or no sales-appeal.
Plain facts negate the uncritical association of religion with goodness.
Plain figures are in vogue.
Plain files have no suffix.
Plain film shows a hemivertebra.
Plain film shows a line of increased density due to overlapping bony margins or fragments.
Plain film shows coil within the aneurysm.
Plain films are helpful to rule out other etiologies, such as neoplasm and infection.
Plain films are occasionally useful for ruling out ductal calculi in the submandibular ducts.
Plain films are often difficult to interpret.
Plain films are poor screening exams.
Plain films demonstrate a cyst involving the calcaneus.
Plain films demonstrate a high bowel obstruction with a few dilated loops of small bowel.
Plain films demonstrate a low bowel obstruction with multiple dilated loops of bowel.
Plain films show a variety of changes.
Plain films show dorsal impression of the capitate.
Plain films show the olisthy and facet sclerosis without a pars interarticularis defect.
Plain fish are sort of the bottom fodder in that they just eat fish food, no other fish.
Plain flour is flour
Plain flour is used for general cooking including cakes and shortcrust pastry.
Plain foods are usually healthier.
Plain foods have their place.
Plain forgetfulness is one reason.
Plain format is the default.
Most plain fruits are fairly low in calories, fat and sodium.
Plain gauze works, too.
Plain gelatin makes an excellent styling gel.
Most plain girls are virtuous because of the scarcity of opportunity to be otherwise.
Most plain girls are virtuous because of the scarcity to be otherwise.
Plain glass becomes crystal when lead oxide is added to it.
Plain glass make a good mirror.
Plain gold wraps.
Plain grids mean students practice scaling their own graphs.
Plain help lists the possible topics.
Plain hits are all of the other words in the doc.
Plain hydrogen causes interference in the instrument they used.
Plain images are neither too much nor too little to download.
Plain initials alternate red and blue.
Plain kids deserve the opportunity to study with students with disabilities.
Plain language communicates well to all audiences, including business audiences.
Plain language helps build trust in an organization.
Plain language helps everyone, while gobbledygook offends everyone.
Plain language improves comprehension, and readers prefer it.
Plain language is an important aspect of how organizations manage and communicate their information.
Plain language is an important part of good legal writing.
Plain language is important.
Plain language is impossible because lawyers have to use terms of art.
Plain language is key.
Plain language is the least spurious of all.
Plain language is the result of deliberate writing and editing decisions.
Plain language means language that is clear and readily understandable to the intended readers.
Plain lines go in any direction.
Plain luck has quite a role to play in love.
Plain malt is used for flavoring.
Most plain men wear black broadfall pants with suspenders.
Plain meat sandwiches with lettuce and tomato are smart choices.
Plain members exult in both their compassion and ferocity.
Plain messages can be plain text or uuencoded.
Plain milk is available in all the machines but typically is the least popular.
Plain packaging is crucial in contributing to the informed consent of tobacco users.
Plain paper bound by staple or paper clip are preferred.
Plain paper dies, but options remain.
Plain paper is better but costs significantly more.
Plain paper is easier than thermal paper to mark, copy, and file.
Plain paper is far less costly than preprinted forms.
Plain paper stand alone faxing is fast and convenient.
Plain paper tends to be too absorbent for most ink-jets, causing blurred images and damp printouts.
Plain papers are the most economical and easy to cut.
Plain passwords involve simple alphanumeric characters.
Plain paste requires a moderate oven.
Plain pens are no longer good enough.
Plain popcorn contains nutrients.
Plain popcorn is a nutritious, low-calorie snack.
Plain popcorn is naturally high in fiber and low in fat.
Most plain popcorn contains nutrients.
Plain radiographs are only useful for eliminating other possibilities, such as a loose body.
Plain radiographs are unnecessary in routine cases.
Plain radiographs are useful in detecting lyric or plastic lesions from bone metastasis.
Plain radiographs are usually negative in a patient with pulmonary embolism.
Plain radiographs are very low-yield.
Plain radiographs can demonstrate a renal mass, which is a nonspecific finding.
Plain radiographs can show subcutaneous air.
Plain radiographs can sometimes suggest stent migration.
Plain radiographs show a rounded or ill-defined opacity with associated pleural disease.
Plain radiographs show evidence of low intestinal obstruction.
Plain radiographs show the tumor is adjacent to the bone rather than arising from it.
Plain radiography makes no major contribution to diagnosis.
Plain radiography represents the first level of investigation because it is readily available.
Plain reading says thirty cubits.
Plain ribbon is edged to match.
Plain rice is known as nasi putih.
Plain rice is simmered very soft.
Plain roentgenograms are inconclusive.
Plain saline can go down the sink.
Most plain seams require a seam finish to prevent raveling.
Plain silence is preferable to mere noise.
Some plain skinks have scars.
Plain soap is best.
Plain staples are best.
Plain statement becomes as rare as understatement.
Plain statements hold priority over dreams, visions, sign language and obscure portions.
Plain straws make good bubble pipes.
Plain style is designed for minimum bulk, maximum comfort and affordability.
Plain substitutions are all right, but too darn easy and common.
Plain suction is the simplest form of hydraulic dredge and utilizes no excavator.
Plain surrounds frame the sash windows .
Plain sweatshirts are acceptable.
Plain tableware is provided for the adults.
Plain tailpiece cover.
Plain talk is called for.
Plain talk is the best talk.
Plain text contains no special formatting codes, so every computer can understand it.
Plain text file a human-readable file of data.
Plain text has no formatting.
Plain text has no recognized fonts, no color, no bolding, or other formatting.
Plain text has two major advantages.
Plain text indicates that no further information is offered because the recording is unobtainable.
Plain text is all that is needed.
Plain text is also fine.
Plain text is also the most common type of data to be encrypted.
Plain text is always appropriate and works best the mix of graphical browsers and mail user agants.
Plain text is best for certain styles.
Plain text is best.
Plain text is better, but the right way to do it is described in Evergreen .
Plain text is defined differently from system to system.
Plain text is easier for the writer to download and save.
Plain text is enough for discussion.
Plain text is fine, even for bibliographies.
Plain text is for a single reader.
Plain text is good too.
Plain text is highly suitable for outsourcing or machine translation.
Plain text is informative, and probably dull.
Plain text is just that.
Plain text is open to direct programming.
Plain text is preferable.
Plain text is preferred, no word-processor documents, please.
Plain text is preferred.
Plain text is readable by almost anyone, anywhere on the Internet.
Plain text is simple text with no special formatting.
Plain text is simply text without any special formating or codes.
Plain text is still better.
Plain text is the lowest common denominator.
Plain text is the more traditional format of e-mail.
Plain text is the norm.
Plain text is the only format accepted by all email clients.
Plain text is the only universally accepted email standard.
Plain text is the preferred electronic format for submission.
Plain text is the safest format choice.
Plain text is used for the formatting of the description.
Plain text is usually good enough.
Plain text is usually the best way to save a record from an online database.
Plain text loads faster then pictures - so the less pictures the more pages in each section.
Plain text loads quickly.
Plain text looks like type and is the most commonly accepted format.
Plain text means the field is optional.
Plain text resumes have the advantage of being read by most computer programs.
Plain ties have tie-wearer fit to be tied More news of local interest in our printed edition.
Plain Township needs to have a library.
Some plain tribes use bison.
Plain troopers blade.
Plain type indicates that the listing contains name, address and contact information only. .
Plain vanilla surge protectors.
Plain vanilla wills get far less attention.
Plain viscachas live in areas.
Plain walnut grips.
Plain water can cause problems, such as lowering the amount of salt or sugar in the blood.
Plain water can grow algae or leave mineral deposits that clog spray nozzles.
Plain water contains dissolved minerals like calcium, magnesium, iron and sodium.
Plain water contains minerals.
Plain water does just as well without the chemicals.
Plain water helps to increase the liquid bulk of urine.
Plain water is all that is needed.
Plain water is best to drink, since electrolytes are replaced through the diet.
Plain water is best, but any non-caffeinated nonalcoholic beverage is fine.
Plain water is best.
Plain water is better than juice or a sports drink.
Plain water is fine for exercise lasting less than an hour.
Plain water is needed to break down all food, to flush the kidneys, and maintain hydration levels.
Plain water is no longer sufficient to quench our thirsts.
Plain water is one of the best pesticides especially with aphids.
Plain water is the best liquid because it has no calories or caffeine.
Plain water is the best option, since juices, sodas and colas have salt content.
Plain water is the best replacement fluid to use.
Plain water is the best.
Plain water is the beverage of choice .
Plain water is the least expensive and most readily available.
Plain water is the only liquid without a natural sugar.
Plain water is usually quite enough.
Plain water works well.
Most plain water contains minerals.
Some plain water contains calories.
A plain weave is a weave
Plain weave is most suitable for clothing fabric as it drapes well.
Plain weave means the warp and fill threads pass over one thread then under the next.
Plain women are always jealous of their husbands.
Plain women believe that dresses are the proper garment for women to wear.
Plain women know more about men than beautiful ones do.
Many plain women choose to wear aprons for additional modesty and also reasons of practicality.
Plain wren destroys egg of dusky antbird.
Plain writing has certain traits.
Plain yogurt can also be a great substitute for sour cream.
Plain yogurt helps intestines.
Plain yogurt mixed with applesauce is a quick and delicious treat.
Plain yogurt works well.
Plain yogurts have more anti-lactose activity than flavored yogurts.
Most plain yogurt helps intestines.
Plain zebras have broad stripes.
Plain zebras have stripes.
Most plain zebras have broad stripes.
Most plain zebras have stripes.
Some plain zebras have tails.
A plain is a ground
Plain isa ground.
Plain isa land.
Plains are flats.
Plains are formed primarily by erosion and the deposition of sediment.
Plains are lands.
Plains are located in air.
Plains are located in countrysides.
Plains are located in landscapes.
Plains are natural things.
Plains are one of the major landforms, or types of land, on Earth.
Plains are political parties.
Plains are used for farming.
Plains are used for farmland.
Plains are vast areas that are flat and treeless.
Plains constitute most of the eastern part while in the western part, there runs chains of hills.
Plains cooks preferred willow, chokecherry, alder, mountain maple and cottonwood.
Plains cover a third of Romania, being the predominant form of relief in the south and west.
Plains cover the remaining area.
Plains dominate the regions north and south of Aphrodite.
Plains encourages meditation rather than celebration.
Plains exist on every continent .
Plains form in many different ways.
Plains grow grasses and grains, and plains people became gatherers and later, farmers.
Plains grow grasses and grains, and plains people became gatherers arid later, farmers.
Plains has two outdoor picnic areas.
Plains have quite lengthy dry periods followed by a rainy season.
Plains indians history .
Plains is a postoffice and one of the first settled points in the township.
Plains is a sports minded community.
Plains is also active in interstate and intrastate crude oil pipeline transportation.
Plains mostly are more suitable for farming than plateaus or mountains .
Plains mostly are more suitable for farming than plateaus or mountains.
Plains pocket gophers prefer succulent forbs in spring and summer but also feed on grasses.
Plains pricklypear is a good forage for cattle.
Plains still cover the largest percentage of the state's topography.
Plains use the hole for cooling off on hot summer afternoons.
Plains zebra live in eastern and southeastern Africa where there are only two seasons, wet and dry.
Plains zebras live in the treeless grasslands and woodlands of eastern and southern Africa.
Some plains form as ice and water erodes, or wears away, the dirt and rock on higher land.
Some plains show more rugged material with brighter albedo and rectilinear large and deep scours.
Plainly doctrine is important.
Plains bison are predominantly grazers, feeding chiefly on grasses and secondarily on forbs.
Plains bison are somewhat smaller than wood bison.
Plains Coreopsis are a favorite of butterflies.
Plains minnows have an elongate and slightly compressed body form.
Plains zebra are found on the savannas from Sudan to northern Zimbabwe in eastern Africa.
Plains zebra are social animals.
Plains zebra have a harem-type social organization.
Plains zebras are herbivores, meaning they eat plants.
Plains zebras are mammals.
Plains zebras are quite numerous.
Plains zebras are zebras.
Many plains zebras live in protected areas.
A plainsman is an inhabitant
Plainsman is a selection from the hybridization of A. hypochondriacus by A. hybridus .
Most plainsong phrases are images of the underlying word-phrase, and have a parabolic shape.
Plainsong is a chant
Plainsong is chants.
Plainsong is nothing short of a revelation.
Plainsong is plainsong.
Plainsong is set in a small Colorado hamlet, though the when is never clear.
Plainsongs receives submissions from around the country and is published three times a year.
Plaintext files are text files.
Plaintext interception is of course quite another story.
A plaintiff is a litigant
Plaintiff advances a final argument.
Plaintiff advances a second argument.
Plaintiff arrives late and is heard.
Plaintiff calls witnesses and produces evidence to prove plaintiff's case.
Plaintiff challenges only the emphasized portion of the instruction.
Plaintiff demands trial by jury on all issues so triable.
Plaintiff disputes certain specific factual statements in the magistrate judge's report.
Plaintiff disputes jurisdiction and moves to remand to state court.
Plaintiff disputes that allegation.
Plaintiff sets forth several assignments of error as well.
Plaintiff submits jury instructions one week before trial.
Plaintiffs admit that they had no sales and marketing experience.
Plaintiffs advance the opposite position.
Plaintiffs advance their challenge by two different means.
Plaintiffs again contend that the trial court erred in limiting the scope of the easement.
Plaintiffs allege causes of action for negligence, premises liability and loss of consortium.
Plaintiffs allege fraud, breach of fiduciary duty and conversion.
Plaintiffs allege infringement of patent for secure time-stamping of digital documents.
Plaintiffs allege that the assignment plan has a disparate impact on minority students.
Plaintiffs allege that the government can do neither a.
Plaintiffs allege they have incurred severe injuries as a result of defendants' failure.
Plaintiffs allege, inter alia, that defendants' failure to inspect the plant was negligent.
Plaintiffs also allege defendants provided an unsafe saw.
Plaintiffs also allege that the family name was identified without consent.
Plaintiffs also allege that they have exhausted various potential remedies prior to filing the suit.
Plaintiffs also argue that our initial description of the trial court's ruling was incorrect.
Plaintiffs also ask for attorney fees and costs.
Plaintiffs also assert a malicious prosecution claim against the moving defendants.
Plaintiffs also assert that the companies suppressed research indicating that nicotine is addictive.
Plaintiffs also challenge the trial court's conclusion that they lack capacity to sue the State.
Plaintiffs also claim that they are entitled to declaratory relief.
Plaintiffs also concede their claim that defendants negligently maintained the brakes.
Plaintiffs also contend that the defense counsel made improper remarks that prejudiced the jury.
Plaintiffs also contend that the ordinance is unconstitutionally vague.
Plaintiffs also contend that the trial court erred in dismissing their second claim for relief.
Plaintiffs also contract with distributors who distribute the computer software to the end users.
Plaintiffs also fail to provide addresses for any of the individuals that they have named.
Plaintiffs also move for summary judgment in their favor.
Plaintiffs also pray for the award of punitive damages.
Plaintiffs also request a trial by jury.
Plaintiffs also request an award for costs and attorneys' fees.
Plaintiffs also request interest, attorney's fees and costs as provided for in the Note.
Plaintiffs also request leave to file a late claim.
Plaintiffs also request the setting of a preliminary trial date.
Plaintiffs also see court costs and request a trial by jury.
Plaintiffs also see court costs.
Plaintiffs also seek a clean-up of the contaminants to prevent damage to future generations.
Plaintiffs also seek attorney fees and court costs.
Plaintiffs also seek attorneys' fees and costs.
Plaintiffs also seek court costs and attorney fees.
Plaintiffs also seek court costs and request a trial by jury.
Plaintiffs also seek court costs, attorney fees and the return of their vehicle.
Plaintiffs also seek court costs.
Plaintiffs also seek further production of documents.
Plaintiffs also seek interest and court costs and request a trial by jury.
Plaintiffs also seek interest and court costs.
Plaintiffs also seek interest and request a trial by jury.
Plaintiffs also seek punitive damages.
Plaintiffs also seek triple the amount of damages, pus attorney fees and court costs.
Plaintiffs apparently believe that only expert evidence matters to a disparate-impact case.
Plaintiffs appeal as of right from an order granting summary disposition in favor of defendant.
Plaintiffs appeal as of right.
Plaintiffs appeal directed verdict after four days of trial in an attorney malpractice action.
Plaintiffs appeal from both orders of summary judgment, docketed No.
Plaintiffs appeal from dismissal of the suit for lack of personal jurisdiction.
Plaintiffs appeal from that judgment.
Plaintiffs appeal from that order.
Plaintiffs appeal from the circuit court s order awarding summary judgment in favor of defendants.
Plaintiffs appeal from the circuit court's dismissal of their personal injury action.
Plaintiffs appeal from the circuit court's order dismissing their breach of contract action.
Plaintiffs appeal from the circuit court's order granting defendant's motion to dismiss.
Plaintiffs appeal from the district court's sua sponte award of summary judgment to defendants.
Plaintiffs appeal from the ensuing judgment of dismissal.
Plaintiffs appeal from the final judgment and the denial of the motion for a new trial.
Plaintiffs appeal from the grant of summary judgment.
Plaintiffs appeal from the judgment and the denial of the motion for a new trial.
Plaintiffs appeal from the judgment that reduced their jury verdict.
Plaintiffs appeal from the judgment.
Plaintiffs appeal from the trial court's decision to grant defendant summary judgment.
Plaintiffs appeal jury verdict for defendant in a medical malpractice action.
Plaintiffs appeal lower court s entry of judgment as a matter of law in lemon law case.
Plaintiffs appeal only as to the city.
Plaintiffs appeal that determination.
Plaintiffs appeal that judgment.
Plaintiffs appeal the award of attorney fees.
Plaintiffs appeal the circuit court's award of attorney's fees.
Plaintiffs appeal the dismissal of several defendants on service of process grounds.
Plaintiffs appeal the district court's dismissal.
Plaintiffs appeal the district court's summary adjudication of their claims.
Plaintiffs appeal the jury verdict and judgment.
Plaintiffs appeal the order granting a new trial.
Plaintiffs appeal the trial court's grant of summary judgment in favor of defendants.
Plaintiffs appeal the trial court's judgment, raising several assignments of error.
Plaintiffs appeal, and defendant cross-appeals.
Plaintiffs appeal, arguing the trial court wrongly dismissed their petition.
Plaintiffs appeal, asking punitive damages and an increase in compensatory damages.
Plaintiffs appeal, raising issues only in regard to claims made in the petition.
Plaintiffs appeal, raising six points with numerous sub-points.
Plaintiffs are a group of American and Canadian glass container manufacturers.
Plaintiffs are a husband and wife of different races.
Plaintiffs are also both exempt from local property taxes as qualifying homes for the aged.
Plaintiffs are among the leading manufacturers of phonorecords in the United States.
Plaintiffs are citizens of Pennsylvania.
Plaintiffs are citizens of Tennessee.
Plaintiffs are current or former correctional officers in the City prison system.
Plaintiffs are current or former tenants of the apartments.
Plaintiffs are four youths who have been sent out of state and their parents.
Plaintiffs are free to use the cash advances as they wish.
Plaintiffs are husband and wife.
Plaintiffs are incorrect.
Plaintiffs are individuals with disabilities that cause a mobility impairment.
Plaintiffs are likely to prevail on the merits.
Plaintiffs are litigants.
Plaintiffs are more likely to lose their jobs than to win monetary awards or settlements.
Plaintiffs are neither stupid nor uncooperative.
Plaintiffs are now to be referred to as claimants in the English courts.
Plaintiffs are part of a bargaining unit that agreed to be bound by the arbitrator s decision.
Plaintiffs are prevailing parties.
Plaintiffs are residents of New York, and defendant is a Pennsylvania corporation.
Plaintiffs are residents of various states other than the state of Utah.
Plaintiffs are sixteen individuals who are residents and taxpayers of the State of Maine.
Plaintiffs are still confident as they prepare for trial.
Plaintiffs are the major motion picture studios in the United States.
Plaintiffs are the maternal grandparents of defendant's two minor children.
Plaintiffs are the nieces and nephew of the decedent.
Plaintiffs are the nieces andnephew of the decedent.
Plaintiffs are the owners and operators of greyhound and horse racing tracks in Colorado.
Plaintiffs are the parents of the infant child, .
Plaintiffs are the schoolchildren.
Plaintiffs are the surviving heirs at law of the decedent.
Plaintiffs are to be present.
Plaintiffs are wrong.
Plaintiffs argue for class-action status.
Plaintiffs argue for reversal on several bases.
Plaintiffs argue La.
Plaintiffs argue that defendants' motion is, therefore, premature.
Plaintiffs argue that enforcing an agreement to arbitrate limits access to the courts.
Plaintiffs argue that the ordinance is a remedial ordinance.
Plaintiffs argue that the planter boxes and tree pits created a hazardous condition.
Plaintiffs argue that the trial court erred when it granted a remedy other than rescission.
Plaintiffs argue that the trial court's grant of summary disposition was improper.
Plaintiffs argue that the videotape lacked relevance and proved to be highly prejudicial.
Plaintiffs argue that they challenged the release below on the basis that it was procured by fraud.
Plaintiffs argue that, because their injury is economic, judicial intervention is warranted.
Plaintiffs argue the court improperly dismissed their claim for breach of warranty.
Plaintiffs assert standing as both citizens and taxpayers.
Plaintiffs assert that the rules violate women's constitutional right to choose abortion.
Plaintiffs assert that their complaint was properly filed in the circuit court.
Plaintiffs assert that they relied upon defendants' misstatements in purchasing the stock.
Plaintiffs become private attorneys-general.
Plaintiffs begin their case with timeline witnesses.
Plaintiffs bring claims for bad faith, breach of fiduciary duty, and breach of contract.
Plaintiffs bring counts for negligence, strict liability and civil conspiracy.
Plaintiffs bring five separate causes of action.
Plaintiffs bring forth three assignments of error on appeal.
Plaintiffs bring forth three assignments of error.
Plaintiffs bring forward one assignment of error, while defendants cross-appeal with a second.
Plaintiffs can also develop the corporate greed approach.
Plaintiffs can collect damages in the amount set by statute without proving actual losses.
Plaintiffs can hold up a settlement by demanding a larger piece of the settlement pie.
Plaintiffs can identify more than one major life activity in which they experience limitations.
Plaintiffs can point to nothing comparable in the case at bar.
Plaintiffs can prevail on the merits only if they demonstrate two things.
Plaintiffs can seek only injunctive relief, plus attorneys fees and costs for the plaintiff.
Plaintiffs challenge the petition for removal based on lack of federal subject matter jurisdiction.
Plaintiffs charge the tobacco industry with deceptive practices, fraud and consumer fraud.
Plaintiffs charge tobacco companies hid the facts about nicotine being addictive.
Plaintiffs cite no authority in support of their assertion.
Plaintiffs claim compensatory and punitive damages.
Plaintiffs claim for a writ of mandamus suffers a similar fate.
Plaintiffs claim otherwise.
Plaintiffs claim that during the initial raid federal agents fired indiscriminately.
Plaintiffs claim that practice has a disparate impact on women.
Plaintiffs claim that the compelling interest here is the remediation of vote dilution.
Plaintiffs claim that they diligently sought out the proper procedures for obtaining ballot access.
Plaintiffs claim they are entitled to free gas.
Plaintiffs complain about the gerrymandering of residence districts.
Plaintiffs complain of being warehoused and isolated from their own communities.
Plaintiffs concede collection of past due child support is a legitimate state interest.
Plaintiffs concede that their counsel's performance before the panel was ineffective.
Plaintiffs contend error was preserved by their filing a motion for new trial.
Plaintiffs contend otherwise.
Plaintiffs contend such ruling was in error.
Plaintiffs contend that defendants violated the injunction.
Plaintiffs contend that every fact in defendant's summary judgment motion was disputed.
Plaintiffs contend that none of defendants' arguments is apt.
Plaintiffs contend that the government's failures to produce constitutes spoliation of evidence.
Plaintiffs contend that the trial court erred in granting defendants' motion for directed verdict.
Plaintiffs contend that they are employees entitled to CalPERS membership.
Plaintiffs contend that various factual issues remain unresolved.
Plaintiffs contend the jury was improperly instructed on the elements of nuisance.
Plaintiffs contend the requirement violates free speech rights and endangers the initiative process.
Plaintiffs contend the trial court erred in granting defendant's motion for summary judgment.
Plaintiffs contend they have met their burden of showing a duty of care.
Plaintiffs contend, among other things, that the laws unconstitutionally establish religion.
Plaintiffs create movies that become part of our shared cultural fabric.
Plaintiffs cross-appeal the grant of summary judgment in defendants' favor.
Plaintiffs cross-appeal the same order.
Plaintiffs defend their actions on various grounds.
Plaintiffs demand a trial by jury on all issues so triable.
Plaintiffs deny that they ever gave consent for defendants to lay a sewer line on their property.
Plaintiffs do, however, take issue with the first and third elements.
Plaintiffs do, however, wish to express concern about the lateness of the proposed filing date.
Plaintiffs engage in the business of selling material for use as industrial rags.
Plaintiffs essentially argue that the principles of res judicata bar the counterclaim.
Plaintiffs files a post hearing memorandum.
Plaintiffs first argue the trial court erroneously ordered a new trial.
Plaintiffs first assert an express right of action.
Plaintiffs further move for an order directing expedited discovery.
Plaintiffs get partial summary judgment on liability.
Plaintiffs have a different mind-set.
Plaintiffs have a statutory right to seek and compel adjudication.
Plaintiffs have an adequate remedy at law in the form of money damages.
Plaintiffs have as long as two months to respond.
Plaintiffs have no adequate or complete remedy at law to redress the violations set forth herein.
Plaintiffs have no adequate remedy at law and face imminent and irreparable loss of their rights.
Plaintiffs have no adequate remedy at law.
Plaintiffs have no property interest in marketing almonds free of regulation.
Plaintiffs have the burden of establishing causation in fact.
Plaintiffs have the burden of overcoming the presumption that the rezoning order is valid.
Plaintiffs have the option to appeal the dismissal.
Plaintiffs have the right to appoint one member of that committee.
Plaintiffs have the right to rely on the timely receipt of their paychecks.
Plaintiffs have to find attorneys who are willing to spare no expense.
Plaintiffs here appeal.
Plaintiffs incorporate the above allegations by reference as though expressly rewrirten herein.
Plaintiffs incorporate the above allegations by reference as though expressly rewritten herein.
Plaintiffs incorporate the previous paragraphs as if fully stated herein.
Plaintiffs intend to call California plaintiffs to testify and authenticate documents.
Plaintiffs intend to raise such a challenge.
Plaintiffs lack any substantial basis to doubt the district court's impartiality.
Plaintiffs lose on summary judgment motions for a variety of reasons.
Plaintiffs make several arguments in response.
Plaintiffs make three claims on appeal.
Plaintiffs make two contentions on appeal.
Plaintiffs merely allege a duty on defendant's part to impart the information.
Plaintiffs misconstrue our prior memorandum and order before arguing that there was error.
Plaintiffs misconstrue the holding of that case.
Plaintiffs misinterpret the plain intent of the statute.
Plaintiffs move for an order of attachment.
Plaintiffs move for summary judgment.
Plaintiffs next argue that defendants waived arbitration.
Plaintiffs next argue that the grant of attorney fees to defendants was an abuse of discretion.
Plaintiffs now appeal both the summary judgment and the denial of their motion to reconsider.
Plaintiffs now appeal from the trial court's grant of summary disposition in favor of defendants.
Plaintiffs now appeal.
Plaintiffs now assign as error the granting of the protective order.
Plaintiffs now stipulate to defendants' three-part categorization with certain exceptions.
Plaintiffs object to any interlocutory appeal.
Plaintiffs offer no allegations of misconduct or bad faith.
Plaintiffs offer no concrete, reliable evidence to support their contentions of irreparable harm.
Plaintiffs offer no such evidence.
Plaintiffs owe the agents actual costs as sanctions for rejecting mediation.
Plaintiffs own lots within the District that had individual septic tanks for disposal of sewage.
Plaintiffs own parcels that abut the northern boundary of the road.
Plaintiffs own property in the Core Preservation region.
Plaintiffs own real property in a subdivision subject to restrictive covenants.
Plaintiffs own residential property in Utah which they use for vacation and recreational purposes.
Plaintiffs perceive that AUSAs settle cases for more money than agency counsel.
Plaintiffs point out that has nothing to do with the complaint.
Plaintiffs point to four factors in an attempt to demonstrate that the attack was foreseeable.
Plaintiffs pray for money damages for the loss of their investment, interest and costs.
Plaintiffs present no evidence that such an annoucement was ever made.
Plaintiffs present one point on appeal.
Plaintiffs present two distinct arguments to preserve their claims.
Plaintiffs promote the sale of new music by providing samples of music files to be downloaded.
Plaintiffs provide no adequate grounds for deviating from previous decisions denying relief.
Plaintiffs provide telecommunications services to a variety of businesses.
Plaintiffs purchase their peanuts from various peanut wholesalers in the Chicago area.
Plaintiffs raise concerns that tribes have added bones to the collection on two occasions.
Plaintiffs raise the same issues on appeal that they raised in their motion to reconsider.
Plaintiffs raise two other issues.
Plaintiffs refile amended complaints.
Plaintiffs register, file their claim, and receive a case number and password.
Plaintiffs rely on a claim of implied or common law indemnity as well as contractual indemnity.
Plaintiffs rely on an internal policy guidelines manual that was only furnished to managers.
Plaintiffs rely on cases distinguishable from that at bar.
Plaintiffs rely upon a statement contained in defendants' answers to plaintiffs' requests to admit.
Plaintiffs rely upon two cases that they assert mandate our acceptance of their position.
Plaintiffs repeat and reallege each and every allegation above as if fully set forth herein.
Plaintiffs repeat and reallege the foregoing allegations as if fully set forth herein.
Plaintiffs repeat and recall the foregoing allegations as it fully set forth herein.
Plaintiffs repeat each and every allegation previously made herein.
Plaintiffs represent only themselves.
Plaintiffs request a trial by jury.
Plaintiffs request is untimely.
Plaintiffs request permission to insert the amount when it is finally determined.
Plaintiffs request trial by jury.
Plaintiffs resist the motion to dismiss.
Plaintiffs respectfully disagree.
Plaintiffs respond at two levels.
Plaintiffs say the government shares some of the responsibility.
Plaintiffs say the treatments caused pain and hastened the death of their relatives.
Plaintiffs seek a judgment declaring their rights.
Plaintiffs seek a permanent injunction prohibiting the defendants from enforcing the said statutes.
Plaintiffs seek a reversal and a remand to the circuit court for proceedings on the merits.
Plaintiffs seek a trial by jury.
Plaintiffs seek an order determining rights and obligation under contract.
Plaintiffs seek an unspecified amount for breach of warranties and agreements.
Plaintiffs seek an unspecified amount to compensate for breach of contract, plus court costs.
Plaintiffs seek both past and future relief.
Plaintiffs seek class action status.
Plaintiffs seek class certification.
Plaintiffs seek compensation for the services allegedly rendered to defendants.
Plaintiffs seek damages for the faulty building of their home in Coventry.
Plaintiffs seek damages, including extra-contractual damages.
Plaintiffs seek damages.
Plaintiffs seek declaratory and injunctive relief and monetary damages.
Plaintiffs seek declaratory relief as to the unconstitutionality of a recently enacted Utah statute.
Plaintiffs seek declaratory, injunctive and monetary relief.
Plaintiffs seek discovery of e-mail records as evidence.
Plaintiffs seek injunctive relief against the agency.
Plaintiffs seek money damages.
Plaintiffs seek no monetary compensation.
Plaintiffs seek no monetary damages.
Plaintiffs seek no money damages.
Plaintiffs seek only injunctive and declaratory relief for the class members.
Plaintiffs seek out chiropractors when other forms of physical therapy or medications fail.
Plaintiffs seek preliminary injunctiverelief, attorneys' fees and costs.
Plaintiffs seek termination of real estate sales contract and possession of property.
Plaintiffs seek the same damages for their common law claims.
Plaintiffs seek to have the aforementioned statute declared unconstitutional.
Plaintiffs seek to quiet title to real estate in Stoner s Park.
Plaintiffs seek to quiet title to real estate roadway tract.
Plaintiffs seek to recover back wages, statutory penalties, and damages.
Plaintiffs seek to terminate real estate contract, plus court costs.
Plaintiffs seek two classifications of documents.
Plaintiffs sell mostly products oriented towards children such as toys and childrens' clothes.
Plaintiffs show a substantial likelihood of success on the merits.
Plaintiffs submit that they have exhausted their administrative remedies.
Plaintiffs support the United States' intervention while the District opposes it.
Plaintiffs then enter into licensing agreements with the end users for use of the modified software.
Plaintiffs therefore contend that they are entitled to refunds.
Plaintiffs thus raise a serious vagueness challenge to the regulations.
Plaintiffs tying claim fails for two independently sufficient reasons.
Plaintiffs use drop-in value of common stock the next day.
Plaintiffs vow to appeal.
Plaintiffs win about a third of jury trials annually compared to only a quarter of bench trials.
Plaintiffs win liability lawsuits.
Plaintiffs withdraw any contention of wanton misconduct on the part of the defendants.
All plaintiffs oppose transfer.
Many plaintiffs are able to obtain personal injury settlements without the help of an attorney.
Most plaintiffs rely on evidence that comes from employers themselves.
Most plaintiffs struggle for years just to lock down a forum to hear their case.
Some plaintiffs await settlement payouts that are several years late.
Some plaintiffs try to use peer review to uncover incompetence.
Plaintive vocals lead into a descending chorus, it's the prototype for numerous other songs.
Plait isa hair.
Plaits have (part) corpi.
Plaits have (part) sections.
Plaits have (part) widow's peaks.
All plan changes take effect.
Plan D calls for the destruction of Earth.
Plan development is from more complex to less complex.
Plan files are a lost art.
Plan maintenance is also critical.
A plan of action is a program
All plans of action share certain general qualities.
Plan of study is worked out with each student on an individual basis.
Plans of study are to be submitted to the departmental honors committee for approval.
All plans of study are subject to the approval of a student's graduate committee.
Plan phases involve key steps.
Plan phases involve steps.
Plan view gives cross section of typical leaching bed trench.
Plan view is assessed from an angle that is parallel to the axis of growth.
A plan is an idea
Plan accepts qualified rollover contributions.
Plan according to individual pt. needs.
Plan activities a step at a time so that parts are accomplished.
Plan activities the person with dementia enjoys and can do.
Plan activities the whole family can enjoy.
Plan adds map files to compute areas and volumes for over-sized maps digitized in parts.
Plan adds surcharge for enrollment after initial eligibility period.
Plan ahead baking of breads, cakes and cookies is another great time-saver.
Plan ahead Check out weather conditions prior to departure, especially if planning a bushwalk.
Plan ahead don t wait until the last minute.
Plan ahead keep everything noted in a pocket calendar.
Plan ahead Plan what to do Plan where to go Plan what to have .
Plan allows participants to make pre-tax contributions and thereby lower their taxable income.
Plan allows project managers to map certification for each application.
Plan answers to questions.
Plan answers to tough questions ahead of time.
Plan are for the building to be situated at the heart of the campus.
Plan argue throughout the axe otherwise have residential hvac.
Plan assumes significant physical changes.
Plan being reviewed is the definitive subdivision plan.
PLAN being spontaneous is nice but sometimes a little planning can go a long way.
Plan breaks accordingly.
Plan calendars quarterly for community based activities that expand leisure interests and skills.
Plan calls for condos, library, housing for senior citizens, offices.
Plan calls for dozens of the advisory bodies across the city.
Plan calls for self-policing of the internet.
Plan calls for using physically distributed servers.
Plan care for assessing and managing pain.
Plan changes to allow members and employers share any funding shortfall or surplus equally.
Plan check expiration.
Plan classes around busy schedules to give parents an outlet for children.
Plan clearly defines balance.
Plan comes into effect.
Plan comes with an optional detached garage with breezeway from the dining area.
Plan comes with option for doors.
Plan contains adequate storage in living room or recreational area for records, games, or books.
Plan contains templates.
Plan covers all types of care, at a reasonable cost.
Plan covers costs of nursing homes, assisted living facilities and home health care services.
Plan covers flooding, hazardous materials spills, forest fires and other disasters.
Plan covers hospitalization surgery and outpatient expenses.
Plan covers in-hospital only.
Plan dates for summer on-site visits.
Plan defines medical necessity and chooses reviewer.
Plan details our goals and responsibilities.
Plan Do C system is older one.
Plan does cover contraceptives if it is prescribed to treat an illness.
Plan earlier hikes for the very young and 'faint of heart'.
Plan emphasizes central role of small businesses.
Plan emphasizes major new building and destruction of old landscape.
Plan emphasizes renovation and restoration of existing buildings and landscape.
Plan errands carefully to save gas.
Plan errands to avoid unnecessary driving.
Plan errands to reduce driving.
Plan escape routes in case of a fire.
Plan escape routes in case of fire or other emergencies.
Plan escape routes in case of fire.
Plan escape routes to places of safety for family and pets.
Plan events the whole family can attend or provide babysitting on-site.
Plan examines life's day to day special experiences.
Plan exercise around distractions.
Plan exercise dates with a friend or family member.
Plan exercise to prevent low blood sugar reactions.
Plan experiences that lead to choice, independent exploration and research.
Plan extends java.lang.
Plan fall trip to Nicaragua.
Plan fall visits, if necessary.
Plan fly control program.
Plan focus groups that develop action plans to respond to major emerging issues.
Plan focus questions to ask visiting kaumatua and discuss a method for recording the information eg.
PLAN focuses on the disabled person with services funded from the trust set up by the family.
Plan follow up strategy for all applications.
Plan follow up.
Plan fundraising activities, organize membership drives, and begin publicity preparations.
Plan get togethers around activities instead of just around food whenever possible.
Plan has action components that are strategic with regard to time and projected costs.
Plan headings at the top that relate to each category.
Plan here is especially the manpower.
Plan highlights access for persons with disabilities.
Plan hikes in the hardwood forests at lower elevations.
Plan includes home health care and convalescent home care.
Plan includes pens, loading chute, squeeze chute, working pen, scale location.
Plan includes procedures for systematic monitoring and evaluation of implementation.
Plan includes sale of company's fast food and family restaurants.
Plan includes start and end dates as well as check-in dates and celebration dates.
Plan includes start date, end date, and at least the first check-in date.
Plan interclass reading bowls and quiz bowls.
Plan is complete and state is taking steps to implement it.
Plan is complete, but much work needs to be done to implement it.
PLAN is declarative and functional but has no looping mechanism.
Plan is due next week.
Plan is easy to implement at any time of the year.
Plan is for general construction that is light industrial.
Plan is for others to be connected via Internet.
PLAN is for Sophomores.
Plan is for top only.
Plan is free for personal use.
Plan is in place with private businesses.
Plan is on the Web.
Plan is on web, and was electronically approved on the web.
Plan is open only to investors residing in the United States and Canada.
Plan is portable and includes an accelerated death benefit.
Plan lacks a strategic vision to bring about significant change.
Plan lactating rations and be prepared for increased nutrient requirements post calving.
Plan learning outcomes commensurate with students' capabilities.
Plan loads so that only full batches are handled.
Plan longer breaks with rewards built in after a completed study session.
Plan means of keeping the community informed about school matters.
Plan mentions data or data analysis, but provides no specifics.
Plan menus ahead of time and make a list before heading to the supermarket.
Plan menus ahead of time.
Plan menus carefully, and count calories.
Plan menus consistent with the food budget.
Plan menus so that some preparation can be done in advance.
Plan menus so that the serving dish or tray can accommodate the food items.
Plan move for a weekday to avoid natural weekend rush.
Plan needs to directed toward the core.
Plan now encompasses more surgical procedures.
Plan now is to spread costs around by raising room rents in all residence halls.
Plan offers discounted rates to certain members joining when initially eligible.
Plan offers many possibilities.
Plan organize and direct the grants and development activities and functions of the District.
Plan outfits for a week, etc.
Plan outlines vision, goals, and priority action items.
Plan overhauls on any units to be done prior to next season's start up.
Plan overnight stays and weekend breaks.
Plan overnight stays with top choices, if possible.
Plan passageways the aisles children use to move about the room.
Plan pays nothing.
Plan play time under trees or in the shade of outdoor structures.
Plan playtimes to make sharing easier.
Plan potty breaks accordingly.
Plan presents the basics of a specific alternative to our present system.
Plan projects activities for at least three to five years.
Plan provides basic eyewear needs.
Plan provides scope of work.
Plan pumps up gas tax plan . . .
Plan rack to hold a full set of record drawings.
Plan refills early enough to avoid missing doses.
Plan relies on individual experiences, stories, mutual hopes, and dreams.
Plan relies on numbers, dollars, and aggregated phenomena.
Plan requires more water on a windy day then on a calm day.
Plan rollerblade coolblade.
Plan routines for staff and students.
Plan routines so that they aid in the total development of the young child.
Plan routines to insure assigned area is maintained in accordance with standards.
Plan runs that have regular opportunities for water stops.
Plan secure local administrative access to the network.
Plan seeks to put corrugated into recycling mainstream.
Plan seeks to save DuPage wetlands.
Plan sets own payment levels and pays bills.
Plan shows evidence of annual review and update by local school system.
Plan shows evidence of annual review process and update by local school system.
Plan shows roads and proposed property lines.
Plan shows with themes.
Plan Sign up and Plan Change forms are available at all cash registers.
Plan smoke to obscure movement across danger areas.
Plan specifies the titles for which permission to make temporary hires is sought.
Plan sponsor initiates and monitors loan payments.
Plan starts after initial three months.
Plan stops along the way.
Plan stops and have snacks already measured into individual containers.
Plan suggests building a new addition.
Plan suggests building new athletic facilities.
Plan takes time from counselors, from education.
Plan themes surrounding one or more of the titles.
Plan then write a story about the following set of circumstances.
Plan tomorrows sick day .
Plan travel accordingly.
Plan travel as far in advance as possible.
Plan travel itinerary and make travel and lodging reservations in advance.
Plan travel to avoid storms.
Plan trips away from home around naps and make bedtime the same time every night.
Plan trips home and contacts with family by phone or letter.
Plan view showing unfair sheer curve.
Plan visit and call to assure open hours before visit.
Plan walks in the morning or late afternoon, or join a fitness center together.
Plan work carefully to ensure that it is at the correct level for the individual.
Plan work carefully.
Plan Work out changes based on actual data.
Plan work to be delegated in meaningful terms.
Plan work to include priming and finishing in the same day.
Plan work to make the best use of time.
Plans afoot to offer facilities for local businesses and services.
Plans allow for the kit to be constructed on any scale.
Plans already are in motion to replace the former, and talk has begun about supplanting the latter.
Plans already are in the works for the dogs to return and for the dog-gone days to end.
Plans already are under way for two more hotels.
Plans also allow for monitoring and for accountability.
Plans also allow the basketball courts to be reconfigured for volleyball.
Plans also are in place for a downtown transit hub.
Plans also are in the making to extend the high-speed bullet train into the area.
Plans also are in the works for a community crime watch group.
Plans also are in the works for faculty training on uses for the new technology.
Plans also are in the works for the play to be presented in Huntington.
Plans also are in the works to bring a portable climbing wall to the event.
Plans also are in the works to upgrade the course.
Plans also are the guide for the process while regulations are the tools used to help reach goals.
Plans also are to name children.
Plans also are under way for evangelistic outreach to Bulgarian minorities in Macedonia and Moldova.
Plans also are under way for using the cards for building access.
Plans also are under way to make more information for alumni and parents available on the web.
Plans also are under way to make the novel into a movie.
Plans also are underway for several other conference-based publications.
Plans also are underway to create a marine park in several areas along the island's coastline.
Plans also are underway to install a slow-fill CNG station for school vehicles.
Plans also are underway to translate the guide into Spanish.
Plans also call for a Birmingham premiere, along with releases in select cities across the country.
Plans also call for a field house and press facilities.
Plans also call for a film series, electronic exhibitions and increased educational opportunities.
Plans also call for a handicapped fishing area at one of the ponds.
Plans also call for a multi-functional atrium between the classroom and laboratory buildings.
Plans also call for a multipurpose lab, a systems office, and a student lounge area.
Plans also call for a nature trail through the wooded area around the school.
Plans also call for a small dance floor for late-night romantics.
Plans also call for a stone wall surrounding the garden and lighting to enhance the environment.
Plans also call for a trading program to control the level of nitrogen discharged into the Sound.
Plans also call for an annual competition, with the winning selection being published.
Plans also call for an outdoor storytelling area.
Plans also call for artwork and new wall pads to be mounted.
Plans also call for big-screen televisions to be installed in the center's outdoor sail area.
Plans also call for domed offices, shops, houses of worship, and entertainment facilities.
Plans also call for enhanced handicapped accessibility.
Plans also call for entrusting private companies with digitization of government publications.
Plans also call for expanding math tutorial services on campus.
Plans also call for expansion across the river for athletic facilities and student housing.
Plans also call for expansion of the library and other improvements.
Plans also call for group singing of carols and the serving of refreshments.
Plans also call for increased library seating to accommodate the planned growth in the student body.
Plans also call for increasing the resident student population.
Plans also call for installing lights and receptacles in the kiln room.
Plans also call for lakeside benches and a couple of gazebos.
Plans also call for licensing the technology to other chip makers.
Plans also call for most documents to be available for free viewing on the Internet web.
Plans also call for new carpeting and other touch-ups in the mothers' suites area.
Plans also call for new facilities as well as improvements to local roadways.
Plans also call for new sites to be launched focusing on personal finance, sports and news.
Plans also call for other retail and office tenants.
Plans also call for private lounges for holders of club seats.
Plans also call for reestablishment of native redband trout and riparian restoration.
Plans also call for relandscaping the football, baseball, soccer and practice fields.
Plans also call for re-painting the car exteriors to match the red coaches.
Plans also call for seven more spacecraft to be launched into the constellation.
Plans also call for some farmed acreage to be converted to a field sports site.
Plans also call for stained glass windows, a columned porch and new interior decorations throughout.
Plans also call for taking Avanade public at some future date.
Plans also call for tests on lakes and open bay waters.
Plans also call for the addition of an assistant coach to the program next season.
Plans also call for the addition of several species of native shrubs and trees.
Plans also call for the company to employ a student manager.
Plans also call for the company to expand internationally.
Plans also call for the debut of a doctorate in nursing within five years.
Plans also call for the demolition or relocation of the old greenhouse currently sitting there.
Plans also call for the development of a renters policy.
Plans also call for the distribution of information through various health networks.
Plans also call for the events center to include retail space.
Plans also call for the facility to include retail space.
Plans also call for the house to include a meeting room for use by the community.
Plans also call for the information to be shared with banks and credit card companies in the future.
Plans also call for the money to be used to rebuild the track and buy additional school buses.
Plans also call for the relocation of a dirt road away from the center of the field.
Plans also call for the system to be marketed in North America.
Plans also call for two auditoriums, three classrooms and a dining facility.
Plans also call for two new offices and a storage area.
Plans also call for two office buildings, condominiums, apartments, lofts and townhouses.
Plans also call for using the facility to support a variety of continuing education programs.
Plans also can provide tools that help physician practices to manage and meet patient expectations.
Plans also contain arrows associated with walking stick-figures.
Plans also exist for the marketing of the recuperator for larger commercial gas turbine engines.
Plans also exist to build a new dry storage facility at Leningrad power station.
Plans also exist to catalog the data by using a geographic information system.
Plans also have to be made for furniture and supplies.
Plans also have to demonstrate programs in place that improve the care and services delivered.
Plans also help identify opportunities for a town.
Plans also list resources needed to maintain identified programs.
Plans also provide early estimates of project cost.
Plans also provide the basis for solution recomposition.
Plans also vary by location.
Plans appear to be progressing.
Plans appear to show several additional rooms.
Plans apply to everything from indoor bouquets and patios to large terrace and landscape layouts.
Plans appropriate learning activities.
Plans are a product of Canada.
Plans are a top-down view of each floor.
Plans are a vital part of success.
Plans are a way to ensure flexibility, nurture resilience and encourage resourcefulness.
Plans are acceptable, even necessary.
Plans are adobe format.
Plans are advanced and funds are being raised to allow building to begin.
Plans are afoot for a literary film series and a dialogue series between artists and writers.
Plans are afoot for a new Hawkman.
Plans are afoot for a teachers' network, and others.
Plans are afoot for a vaccine institute and a program for brain repair and tissue regeneration.
Plans are afoot for further dates in the fall.
Plans are afoot for more live transmissions.
Plans are afoot for new tables to be built.
Plans are afoot for the next site-wide revamp.
Plans are afoot for two more books on horsemanship in about a year.
Plans are afoot next month to organise a leafleting of central London supermarkets.
Plans are afoot to add original illustrations and a search engine, as well as other new features.
Plans are afoot to beautify the streetscape with more grapevines.
Plans are afoot to bring in a foreign casual brand and buy out additional manufacturing capacities.
Plans are afoot to build another course to be cut from the woodlands on higher ground.
Plans are afoot to build some clock-stuff onto the board, along with a reset button.
Plans are afoot to celebrate it in a different, but special manner.
Plans are afoot to come down and revisit.
Plans are afoot to create a room showing a road traffic accident.
Plans are afoot to expand it to better handle ever-growing hordes of travellers.
Plans are afoot to get involved in other charities as well.
Plans are afoot to grace more publicly accessible places with net access nodes.
Plans are afoot to have a permanent on-going book sale.
Plans are afoot to introduce a specific and fully fledged orphans care programme in the coming year.
Plans are afoot to make Milwaukee, too, a little more pedestrian-friendly.
Plans are afoot to make one of our conserved areas more accessible to the public.
Plans are afoot to make the sites in question even more attractive for tourists.
Plans are afoot to meet the demand for specific blood products, of the city and surrounding areas.
Plans are afoot to mount the workshop in Toronto as well as in Alberta and Manitoba in the future.
Plans are afoot to move into Australia, Malaysia and Vietnam in the near future.
Plans are afoot to open an office in Beijing, and also one in Bombay in the next year or so.
Plans are afoot to professionalize the army.
Plans are afoot to purchase Bibles at a greatly reduced rate.
Plans are afoot to rebuild two more.
Plans are afoot to reconstruct one face from the skull.
Plans are afoot to reorgan-ize kibbutz factories.
Plans are afoot to seek other outlets for the program in the future.
Plans are afoot to stage a counter demo.
Plans are afoot to start a tissue culture lab for artificial plant breeding.
Plans are afoot to utilize the training centers as logistics delivery centers for e-commerce.
Plans are afoot, however, to develop a two-line tramway, with limited underground stretches.
Plans are afoot.
Plans are ahoof for trail rides.
Plans are already afoot for a major tour of Iceland.
Plans are already afoot for next year's event.
Plans are already afoot for next year's Golden Jubilee celebrations.
Plans are already afoot for the fourth edition of the journal.
Plans are already afoot to add USB support to Linux in the near future.
Plans are already afoot to also carry advertising on state tunnel and turnpike receipts.
Plans are already in action to re-propagate trees and shrubs damaged or lost in the storm.
Plans are already in motion to accomplish a list of improvements for the next five years.
Plans are already in place for commencement weekend.
Plans are already in place to build on the current site.
Plans are already in place to publish the series in the United States and the Netherlands as well.
Plans are already in place.
Plans are already in progress in making next years contest bigger and better.
Plans are already in the making for our next reunion.
Plans are already in the works for a repeat program for next year's international officers.
Plans are already in the works for another Festival early next semester.
Plans are already in the works for another tournament, probably in the fall.
Plans are already in the works for at least two more such pieces for Amati .
Plans are already in the works for next summer's program.
Plans are already in the works for next year.
Plans are already in the works for next year's program.
Plans are already in the works to establish the locations and set the dates.
Plans are already in the works to execute retail marketing programs with all accounts.
Plans are already on the drawing board for new high quality cruise vessels.
Plans are already under way for a second conference next spring.
Plans are already under way for an equally stunning summer cover.
Plans are already under way for future presentations.
Plans are already under way for new and exciting programming for next year and years to follow.
Plans are already under way for next year's competition.
Plans are already under way to add a political science program next fall.
Plans are already under way to continue the program over the next three years.
Plans are already under way to expand the network statewide.
Plans are already under way to run county water there.
Plans are already under way to select the exact date and location of the symposium.
Plans are already under way to start a community for students studying math.
Plans are already under way, in fact, for just such an upgrade.
Plans are already underway and there is a positive outlook on the events planned.
Plans are already underway for a follow-up conference.
Plans are already underway for a phase II multicenter trial.
Plans are already underway for a school-wide celebration.
Plans are already underway for a second auction next spring.
Plans are already underway for additional fund raising efforts in the Spring Membership season.
Plans are already underway for an even bigger and better fair for next year.
Plans are already underway for an exciting program, as the accompanying description attests.
Plans are already underway for another exciting year.
Plans are already underway for another recruiting season.
Plans are already underway for events in Australia and Canada.
Plans are already underway for exhibitions from China, Japan, Vietnam, Taiwan and Singapore.
Plans are already underway for more similar trips, including possibly to the Rocky Mountains.
Plans are already underway for next spring's fair.
Plans are already underway for next year s auction.
Plans are already underway for next year s cleanup.
Plans are already underway for next year s event.
Plans are already underway for next year s reunions.
Plans are already underway for next year.
Plans are already underway for next year's class.
Plans are already underway for next year's competition.
Plans are already underway for next year's conference.
Plans are already underway for next year's entries.
Plans are already underway for next year's event.
Plans are already underway for next year's Marathon.
Plans are already underway for next year's seminar.
Plans are already underway for the creation of a newly structured capacity for th at purpose.
Plans are already underway for the final phase of the campaign.
Plans are already underway for the next big party.
Plans are already underway for the PAG X meeting.
Plans are already underway for the second Military Cup Challenge.
Plans are already underway for trials in Brazil, Indonesia, and the Philippines.
Plans are already underway to add additional modules.
Plans are already underway to bring in new orders and rebuild client confidence.
Plans are already underway to do even more habitat enhancement work next year.
Plans are already underway to give the seventh-graders laptop computers.
Plans are already underway to include stock quotes and movie ticket purchases from local theaters.
Plans are already underway to open a new border crossing with Iraq.
Plans are already underway to open a second facility in Austin, Texas and another in Dallas.
Plans are already underway to rebuild.
Plans are already underway to renovate both facilities.
Plans are already underway with the selection of our trophies.
Plans are already underway.
Plans are already well under way for future cooperative efforts.
Plans are already well under way for next year s fair.
Plans are already well underway.
Plans are also afoot for management restructuring, mergers and acquisitions.
Plans are also afoot to convert some of Delhi's busiest areas into traffic-free zones.
Plans are also afoot to cut down flights with low passenger load factor.
Plans are also afoot to have latest infrastructure at some centres.
Plans are also afoot to increase the size of protected areas.
Plans are also afoot to irresponsibly dump international radioactive waste in the outback.
Plans are also afoot to see which city can justifiably claim to be the curry capital of the world .
Plans are also available for aluminum construction if preferred .
Plans are also available for movable grain walls.
Plans are also available to qualified students.
Plans are also available.
Plans are also currently underway to attempt to purchase a partial sequencing apparatus.
Plans are also for an outdoor sculpture garden.
Plans are also in hand for restructuring the command structure of the army.
Plans are also in hand to expand the terminal building at the boundary control point.
Plans are also in place for development of dockside exam and recreational boat job aids.
Plans are also in place for ordering over the internet.
Plans are also in place for the mushroom to be renovated during the upcoming year.
Plans are also in place for the repair of the roof to prevent additional water damage.
Plans are also in place to expand the range of test services available.
Plans are also in place to expand the range of test services.
Plans are also in place to record the songs.
Plans are also in place to remodel the existing football coaches' offices in Western Hall.
Plans are also in place to re-open the museum.
Plans are also in progress for an additional high school.
Plans are also in progress of having some repairs done to their home.
Plans are also in progress to publish an edited volume of papers from the conference.
Plans are also in the making for a new sanctuary to be built in the near future.
Plans are also in the making to eventually construct a multi-purpose building.
Plans are also in the pipeline for students from both institutions to work together on a webpage.
Plans are also in the works for a full-blown conference next spring.
Plans are also in the works for a fundraiser.
Plans are also in the works for a live webcast of the major events of the tournament.
Plans are also in the works for a new student recreation center.
Plans are also in the works for a spring musical cabaret.
Plans are also in the works for a waterfront park to replace the unused docks along the East River.
Plans are also in the works for further anniversary shows in Toronto, Texas and Europe.
Plans are also in the works for several instructional videos.
Plans are also in the works for the construction of a new arts center.
Plans are also in the works to change when employees are paid.
Plans are also in the works to create a skateboard park on the adjacent lot.
Plans are also in the works to develop a new Internet messaging software for direct marketers.
Plans are also in the works to establish a foundation of ongoing support for newly hired teachers.
Plans are also in the works to expand the shelter's facilities and staff over the next year.
Plans are also in the works to host a conference for middle school students.
Plans are also in the works to install the furniture in the college's writing lab.
Plans are also in the works to offer a CFN-branded computer.
Plans are also in the works to translate parts of the volumes that relate to local history.
Plans are also normally available for review at the following plan centers.
Plans are also on to make considerable investments in establishing consultancy services in India.
Plans are also prepared for minor repairs or rehabilitations to be done by local or state forces.
Plans are also to allow tourists to climb into the cockpit and sit in the pilot's seat.
Plans are also to expand service to the university's Lake Laurel facility and to the West Campus.
Plans are also to improve collection labeling and the plant information database.
Plans are also under consideration for the re-erection of the fallen obelisk.
Plans are also under under to make the town major port of call for cruise ships.
Plans are also under way for a new treatment support project.
Plans are also under way for a number of additional subjects to be introduced in the near future.
Plans are also under way for an advertising contest so watch for details coming soon.
Plans are also under way for an automotive repair welding concentration.
Plans are also under way for an initial human trial of the current vaccine.
Plans are also under way for animal videos and web cams as well as audioscapes of natural habitats.
Plans are also under way for fisheries in other communities.
Plans are also under way for the inclusion of a lithic type collection.
Plans are also under way to build a performing arts theater.
Plans are also under way to create arts districts in Camden and Atlantic City.
Plans are also under way to establish international placement schemes with overseas organisations.
Plans are also under way to expand and heighten the stage.
Plans are also under way to offer classes at a seventh Chicago-area center.
Plans are also under way to put streaming video on every desktop.
Plans are also under way to run a large-scale test using fines in cement.
Plans are also under way to set up a centre in Papua New Guinea in the Pacific Region.
Plans are also under way to upgrade signals in Southern California and Texas.
Plans are also underway for a chapter t-shirt based the year's theme.
Plans are also underway for a fall gathering of area alumni.
Plans are also underway for a law firm management program for current students and recent graduates.
Plans are also underway for a memorial service.
Plans are also underway for a Mission to Mars comic book.
Plans are also underway for a new online photo album of Hildebrand's descendants.
Plans are also underway for a program on inspirational fiction.
Plans are also underway for a tourist ferry.
Plans are also underway for activities to recognize the year within the United States.
Plans are also underway for an electronic version of the newsletter.
Plans are also underway for an inventor's fair.
Plans are also underway for comprehensive online account reports.
Plans are also underway for digital archives of retrospective newspapers.
Plans are also underway for doctoral studies in school counseling.
Plans are also underway for equipment for pelting and pelt processing.
Plans are also underway for some special activities.
Plans are also underway for the first representative assembly meetings in Philadelphia.
Plans are also underway for the purchase of a major scoreboard to enhance the facility.
Plans are also underway in Richmond for local events to support the effort.
Plans are also underway to bring in a frozen yogurt machine for the sweet-toothed.
Plans are also underway to build a large shopping centre at the east end of town.
Plans are also underway to construct a residence for families one block away.
Plans are also underway to create a snack bar accessible from the street on the ground-floor level.
Plans are also underway to design a Spanish search engine for the web material.
Plans are also underway to develop joint press releases and other publications of mutual interest.
Plans are also underway to develop legislation specific to small-scale mining.
Plans are also underway to develop mentoring relationships with the Nicaraguan nurses.
Plans are also underway to develop the Hall as a permanent timber-framed building exhibition centre.
Plans are also underway to ease congestion with the building of additional bridges.
Plans are also underway to expand our Greek literature offerings.
Plans are also underway to expand the petrochemical industry in Egypt.
Plans are also underway to hold various fundraising events throughout the year.
Plans are also underway to host a second RMC invitational rugby tournament.
Plans are also underway to improve the discussion area of the website to make it easier to use.
Plans are also underway to investigate advanced energy storage systems.
Plans are also underway to launch an online transactional capability for mutual fund customers.
Plans are also underway to produce a video to convey best practices to first-time reviewers.
Plans are also underway to purchase more land.
Plans are also underway to raise the minority retention rates.
Plans are also underway to renew our other residence halls over future summers.
Plans are also underway to set up factory facilities in the region.
Plans are also underway to test the drug against small cell lung cancer and glioblastoma.
Plans are also underway to upgrade the sewage treatment plants on the island.
Plans are also underway to work with local industry to use remote sensing in environmental studies.
Plans are also well advanced to open up a vast new seaway around the roof of the world.
Plans are also well underway to build at least a third referral hospital.
Plans are always tentative, so be flexible a.
Plans are ambitious.
Plans are amendable as specifics and exact numbers are identified.
Plans are an essential element of measured drawings.
Plans are apaw to get next year's calendar into production.
Plans are approx.
Plans are around somewhere.
Plans are at an advanced stage for events in France, Italy and Germany.
Plans are available and priced according to individual needs.
Plans are available at each school.
Plans are available at reasonable prices, and shown in U.S. dollars.
Plans are available at the current library.
Plans are available at the office.
Plans are available either with unlimited time or by the hour.
Plans are available for a luxury custom home designed for the lot.
Plans are available for all grade levels.
Plans are available for all of our models.
Plans are available for all youth and adult Extension activities.
Plans are available for an employee's spouse.
Plans are available for different families' needs, and can be adjusted as time goes on.
Plans are available for elementary and middle school levels.
Plans are available for elementary school, middle school and high school.
Plans are available for home builders, including a single, a double and a larger expedition model.
Plans are available for individuals and families, with and without dental and medications plans.
Plans are available for more products.
Plans are available for most of the projects.
Plans are available for one or two dogs.
Plans are available for special events throughout the year.
Plans are available from stock.
Plans are available from the builder.
Plans are available in most states.
Plans are available that have no deductible and include follow up visits as well.
Plans are available through the Extension office.
Plans are available to employees, and in some cases, to eligible dependents.
Plans are available to groups of two or more employees.
Plans are available to groups ranging in size from one employee to thousands.
Plans are available to the public upon request.
Plans are available with no management fee.
Plans are available with or without inflation protection.
Plans are available with the nation's leading insurance providers.
Plans are available.
Plans are beautiful.
Plans are clear, definite, and designed to eliminate uncertainty.
Plans are complete and specific.
Plans are complete and the next step is land and easement acquisition.
Plans are complete for second major expansion.
Plans are complete ofr Quarterly meeting.
Plans are complete.
Plans are comprehensive and cover a broad range of medical services and supplies.
Plans are creative and flexible .
Plans are currently afoot to equip the auditorium with similar equipment.
Plans are currently in development for a darkroom to be used for instructional purposes.
Plans are currently in development for the next institute.
Plans are currently in discussion for the building of a second high school.
Plans are currently in final design which means they have acquired rights of way.
Plans are currently in place to expand the service offering to Canada and the United Kingdom.
Plans are currently in place to increase the student enrollment at the Athens campus.
Plans are currently in progress to establish a website to enable online purchasing.
Plans are currently in progress to restore at least some areas and work has started at key sites.
Plans are currently in review.
Plans are currently in the making.
Plans are currently in the works to pave a portion of the trail.
Plans are currently in the works to re-open it as a state historic site.
Plans are currently on hold while customers for the natural gas are being found.
Plans are currently under way for the closing of all shelters.
Plans are currently under way to expand it.
Plans are currently under way to expand the basement areas for more useable space.
Plans are currently under way to gain funding for a new recreation center.
Plans are currently under way to provide other campus labs with accessible technology.
Plans are currently under way to provide tax map information on the world wide web.
Plans are currently underway for a co-op advertising program.
Plans are currently underway for a major digital archive with full-text retrieval of documents.
Plans are currently underway for a new museum expansion.
Plans are currently underway for afternoon and evening social events.
Plans are currently underway for teams and sponsorships.
Plans are currently underway for the meeting.
Plans are currently underway for the next four units.
Plans are currently underway to begin building the necessary housing and enclosures for the animals.
Plans are currently underway to better our public areas.
Plans are currently underway to consolidate all LPB operations under one roof next summer.
Plans are currently underway to define a set of software systems required for our labs.
Plans are currently underway to develop a youth section.
Plans are currently underway to develop the first arts education programming.
Plans are currently underway to develop the northern and eastern regions of the state.
Plans are currently underway to expand and renovate facilities within the near future.
Plans are currently underway to extend the parking facilities.
Plans are currently underway to introduce the program in Cairns.
Plans are currently underway to make the database available through the web.
Plans are currently underway to minimize any disruption of service as the transfer takes effect.
Plans are currently underway to organize a professional chapter in Missoula, Montana.
Plans are currently underway to produce a similar package for middle school teachers and students.
Plans are currently underway to provide for doctoral-level specialization in statistics education.
Plans are currently underway to put vaccines in the plants of underdeveloped nations.
Plans are currently underway to rebuild the chapter house.
Plans are currently underway to renovate the bathhouse and concession area.
Plans are currently underway to reschedule the conference.
Plans are currently underway to return to the area where the animal was captured.
Plans are currently underway to secure distribution in non-English speaking countries.
Plans are currently underway to select the next building site.
Plans are currently underway to set up classes in many communities.
Plans are currently underway.
Plans are deliberately indefinite, more to travel than arrive anywhere.
Plans are deliberately indefinite, more to travel than to arrive anywhere.
Plans are detailed and provide a well balanced programme in all six areas of learning.
Plans are detailed, clear, comprehensive and highly developed.
Plans are distinctive.
Plans are drawing.
Plans are due to be announced in the next few months.
Plans are easy to follow and quick to read.
Plans are economical and can be tailored to the needs of nearly any group or event.
Plans are essential, but their value is measured only by their use and results.
Plans are even a-cookin' for our return.
Plans are even under way to buy a third.
Plans are extremely well thought-out and initiative is likely to continue.
Plans are far advanced to add on television and print in the near future.
Plans are far more preliminary on the west side of Norfolk.
Plans are far-reaching and detailed.
Plans are finally underway.
Plans are fine, but things change.
Plans are flexible.
Plans are for a bank and three office buildings.
Plans are for a couple of workshops, clothing evaluations and fashion revue.
Plans are for a double-elimination tournament.
Plans are for a formal peer review to merit sponsored publication.
Plans are for a full restoration sometime in the future.
Plans are for a more central location for the future meetings.
Plans are for a new shopping center about a city block south of park.
Plans are for a potluck dinner followed by slides of member's trips.
Plans are for a private family service.
Plans are for a six week course of radiation therapy.
Plans are for a state of the art television studio and office complex.
Plans are for a three-year term.
Plans are for a yearly publication.
Plans are for adding several more miles of trail.
Plans are for an editor allowing the team to easily come up with planets, complete with spaceports.
Plans are for an expanded propagation area, increased growing grounds and botanical garden.
Plans are for archives of some programs.
Plans are for both volumes to be completed within a year.
Plans are for California residents.
Plans are for concrete streets, all city utilities and protective building covenants.
Plans are for easy to do back yard equipment.
Plans are for eight additional assisted living suites to be built in the near future.
Plans are for every district lin the state to have receiving equipment.
Plans are for general classrooms and rooms for science, art and music on the first floor.
Plans are for greater project enrollment next summer.
Plans are for housing suitable for retirees to be developed near the golf complex.
Plans are for major expansion in Europe, Australia, Asia and Latin America.
Plans are for maps, population density, and rate of growth to be added in the next three years.
Plans are for massages to be offered within the next few months.
Plans are for monthly mtgs at a location convenient for all interested.
Plans are for more machines at branch locations in the near future.
Plans are for national coverage.
Plans are for next summer's class to study in Denmark, Norway and Sweden.
Plans are for one or two divisions of varying skill levels.
Plans are for on-going programs.
Plans are for sloop, cutter or ketch rig.
Plans are for students to get benefits such as discount movie tickets if they pay the fee.
Plans are for tent platforms, portable toilets, and fire pits.
Plans are for the alliance to producer a minimum of one animated feature or series per year.
Plans are for the area to be used as an outdoor gathering space.
Plans are for the building to be renovated as a guest house and museum.
Plans are for the bulk sample to commence within the next couple of months.
Plans are for the clinic to eventually contain dental exam equipment.
Plans are for the database to be available by the end of the year.
Plans are for the mapping to be completed then.
Plans are for the museum to be open for tours to schoolchildren and to the general public.
Plans are for the orebody to be mined using remote-control methods.
Plans are for the papers to remain on-line for at least two years.
Plans are for the pool to be filled or removed and become part of the new casino floor.
Plans are for the program to be expanded to all undergraduate math majors in the future.
Plans are for the programs to be in operation by the end of the calendar year.
Plans are for the project to be ongoing.
Plans are for the senate to meet a minimum of once a month.
Plans are for the site to be left untouched, until archeological work can be scheduled.
Plans are for the snack bar to remain open until midnight several evenings throughout the week.
Plans are for the system to be used in three main aerospace areas.
Plans are for the team to go to another back-up next week and the week after and the week after.
Plans are for the test to be administered to all college education professors next.
Plans are for the west end of the facility to focus on brewing.
Plans are for the works to then be displayed at other government buildings throughout the county.
Plans are for three divisions of varying skill levels.
Plans are for three or four divisions of varying skill levels.
Plans are for traffic to be rerouted onto the new lanes in late spring or early summer.
Plans are for two residents to share a two-room suite with a bathroom.
Plans are for two teams to begin cleanup once the fire is extinguished.
Plans are for writing in the summer, and publishing in the fall.
Plans are formed, based on the position, and put into action.
Plans are free, provided they are for private, non-commercial use.
Plans are fully detailed and a parts suppliers list is included.
Plans are good.
Plans are grander and contrasts are greater.
Plans are hierarchical, broad overall plan with increasingly fine sequences of actions.
Plans are hierarchical, cascading downward from top management s plans.
Plans are highly detailed, and fully dimensioned.
Plans are ideas.
Plans are immediately visible to the people responsible for execution.
Plans are in action for alternative peg locations.
Plans are in action to add a new field house on the north end of the field in the future.
Plans are in consideration for an administrative downtown office.
Plans are in development to provide additional services in the near future.
Plans are in effect to increase quota for staff at a later date.
Plans are in effect to obtain formal approval to raise the graduate programme to a Ph.D. level.
Plans are in existence for a further two courts to be built within the next two years.
Plans are in good shape.
Plans are in hand for a new fleet on the Isle of Man.
Plans are in hand for a skittle evening.
Plans are in hand for developing the yeshivah, and for strengthening the semichah programme.
Plans are in hand for new workshops, studios, library and darkroom.
Plans are in hand for several more young Jersey enthusiasts to travel in the coming months.
Plans are in hand to construct a new faculty building.
Plans are in hand to develop an MRes and more practice-based courses.
Plans are in hand to organise courses for the remainder of the year.
Plans are in hand to render some of the carcases as an alternative to burning on farm.
Plans are in hand to render some of the carcasses as an alternative to burning on farm.
Plans are in hand to replace the bath with a suitable wheelchair friendly shower.
Plans are in hand to transfer the remainder.
Plans are in motion to extend and improve the waterfront area.
Plans are in order to have a unique set of color theme borders.
Plans are in place for a memorable anniversary year.
Plans are in place for a prayer breakfast, a fellowship meal, and an outing for the children.
Plans are in place for an engagement party - see under forthcoming events.
Plans are in place for an exciting follow up.
Plans are in place for collecting other information for subsequent reports.
Plans are in place for concerts in Moscow, Jerusalem, Canterbury, Belfast and Manchester next year.
Plans are in place for most of the special features of our meeting.
Plans are in place for performance management of all people.
Plans are in place for the development of streamlined, rationalized legislation.
Plans are in place for the remainder of the project.
Plans are in place for upgrading and expanding the city's municipal wastewater treatment facilities.
Plans are in place now to develop an internal talent pool to position company as employer of choice.
Plans are in place to add family practice, obstetrics and dental practices.
Plans are in place to add indices from other sources as they become available.
Plans are in place to add two new agreements in the next year.
Plans are in place to begin zoning the rest of the county.
Plans are in place to bring a entire suite of complementary modules to market.
Plans are in place to bring the others to the same level within two years.
Plans are in place to contact major international companies and government agencies.
Plans are in place to continue the monitoring and to maintain site restrictions.
Plans are in place to deal with the hot weather conditions.
Plans are in place to develop a client satisfaction performance measurement framework.
Plans are in place to evaluate all the circumstances to make the required decisions.
Plans are in place to expand telecommunications access to students.
Plans are in place to expand the catalog to include web sites appropriate for older learners.
Plans are in place to expand the growing operation into space that is currently underground parking.
Plans are in place to expand the line to incorporate shampoos, conditioners and herbal salves.
Plans are in place to extend the line, possibly making a giant loop around the city.
Plans are in place to fund education for their three young children.
Plans are in place to have the film which was shot in India shown on mainstream television.
Plans are in place to help guarantee continued steady growth into the next century.
Plans are in place to increase the number of trainers each summer.
Plans are in place to initiate new processes and commit to change.
Plans are in place to install phones soon.
Plans are in place to offer additional courses every semester.
Plans are in place to offer some courses at a distance, through on-line delivery in the near future.
Plans are in place to paint the structure of the telescope in the coming month or two.
Plans are in place to permit quick responses to emergencies, such as fires or earthquakes.
Plans are in place to publish all our printed material online as soon as possible.
Plans are in place to record the songs as well.
Plans are in place to run a teashop or tettoria on the Islamic model.
Plans are in place to seek additional support to finalize the project.
Plans are in place to study the long-term effects of intervening with drugs early in infection.
Plans are in place to turn the postal competition into an email game.
Plans are in place to upgrade the aircraft carrier's self-defense weapons mix.
Plans are in place to use additional log cabins to more fully represent slave life.
Plans are in place.
Plans are in process for an expansion into other observational studies.
Plans are in process to establish ILEAs in southern Africa and the Western Hemisphere.
Plans are in process to open even more airwaves.
Plans are in process.
Plans are in progress for a deep-sea fishing charter, private pilot s certifications and more.
Plans are in progress for dedicated Internet access for International countries.
Plans are in progress for installing interchange car parks of the same type in other italian cities.
Plans are in progress for next years conference.
Plans are in progress on a suitable symposium publication.
Plans are in progress to enlarge the computer lab to provide additional work stations.
Plans are in progress to expand joint efforts in neurorobotics and structural biology.
Plans are in progress to publish an edited volume of papers from the conference.
Plans are in the building department now.
Plans are in the draft form to add another building to accommodate our instructional needs.
Plans are in the final stretch for the Great Hawaiian Air Race.
Plans are in the future to produce the more expensive unit.
Plans are in the making for a bigger and better show.
Plans are in the making for a luncheon.
Plans are in the making for a luxurious clubhouse and a championship practice range.
Plans are in the making for a State-wide system of bridle paths.
Plans are in the making for accepting credit card purchases.
Plans are in the making for an alumni faculty page to be developed in the near future.
Plans are in the making for free classically-oriented music services.
Plans are in the making to fly back with our children and spend some relaxing time fishing.
Plans are in the making to make registration a much easier process than in years passed.
Plans are in the making to upgrade the voice mail system.
Plans are in the offing for expansion.
Plans are in the pipeline to publish a centenary magazine to mark the occasion.
Plans are in the preliminary stages to eventually establish a county museum on the property.
Plans are in the preliminary stages.
Plans are in the progress for developing tentative maps, grading plans, and site plans.
Plans are in the sales office, and there is still time to make some changes.
Plans are in the work.
Plans are in the works and a date has already been set.
Plans are in the works by local historians to get the cabin rebuilt.
Plans are in the works for a complete restoration.
Plans are in the works for a county-university partnership.
Plans are in the works for a full length release featuring new reggae and dancehall tracks.
Plans are in the works for a gopher and web server.
Plans are in the works for a national database of official auto lemons.
Plans are in the works for a new facility in two years on fourteen acres of recently purchased land.
Plans are in the works for a new publication of interest to both universities and law schools.
Plans are in the works for a new recreation center, and the new dorms are nearly completed.
Plans are in the works for a number of other student organizations to host reunions also.
Plans are in the works for a patio outside.
Plans are in the works for a pig roast starting the night before and possibly a BBQ sauce contest.
Plans are in the works for a reciprocal visit.
Plans are in the works for a recording studio.
Plans are in the works for a return engagement for next year.
Plans are in the works for a way to finish off the year in style.
Plans are in the works for additions to the business on both the second floor and lower level.
Plans are in the works for an athletic complex to augment and unify athletic facilities.
Plans are in the works for an extensive local TV package.
Plans are in the works for an ongoing series of archival Primus live recordings.
Plans are in the works for another fun afternoon.
Plans are in the works for another performance next spring.
Plans are in the works for Boston and New York in the future.
Plans are in the works for condominiums, offices, shops and restaurants.
Plans are in the works for construction of our new church home.
Plans are in the works for even taller buildings.
Plans are in the works for expanding the project into additional neighborhoods next year.
Plans are in the works for expansion of both our showroom and service department.
Plans are in the works for expansion to central Washington as well.
Plans are in the works for filming an informercial.
Plans are in the works for funeral broadcasting.
Plans are in the works for further international expansion.
Plans are in the works for future displays from Argentina.
Plans are in the works for future recordings.
Plans are in the works for it to become a cultural center.
Plans are in the works for landscape architecture students to design and execute a landscaping plan.
Plans are in the works for lectures, publications, festivals, and ceremonies of all kinds.
Plans are in the works for live shows on special occasions.
Plans are in the works for live string quartets in the evenings.
Plans are in the works for meetings for parish staffs in each of the six deaneries.
Plans are in the works for more community-based teaching projects.
Plans are in the works for more digs and other ecotours, such as birding and museum tours.
Plans are in the works for much more.
Plans are in the works for next year.
Plans are in the works for portable and car DVD-audio players as well.
Plans are in the works for selected road basketball games to be webcast.
Plans are in the works for smart card applications that cooperate with each other.
Plans are in the works for some big things to happen.
Plans are in the works for some interesting additional content.
Plans are in the works for the club's next project.
Plans are in the works for the construction of a recreation boat ramp.
Plans are in the works for two additional workshops next year.
Plans are in the works for two major fundraisers for the project.
Plans are in the works for upgrading sidewalks and adding decorative lighting and new landscaping.
Plans are in the works now to acquire plants and organize volunteers.
Plans are in the works placing the trailer in a more convenient location.
Plans are in the works to add a restaurant and party room.
Plans are in the works to add a rooftop observatory and a planetarium in the auditorium.
Plans are in the works to add an educational and conference center and a new laboratory.
Plans are in the works to add more seating and build private suites at the park.
Plans are in the works to add new audio and visual content.
Plans are in the works to add new sports to the offerings soon.
Plans are in the works to add other languages, such as Korean and German.
Plans are in the works to add packet and other communication modes by the end of the year.
Plans are in the works to add to the list of benefits.
Plans are in the works to allow credit card payment of dues.
Plans are in the works to attend the Great American Scrapbook Convention as a group.
Plans are in the works to begin accepting credit cards online in the near future.
Plans are in the works to begin an ambitious building program for a new library building.
Plans are in the works to conduct recognition ceremonies throughout New England.
Plans are in the works to continue salons in the fall.
Plans are in the works to continue the plate bonding and tendon rehabilitation techniques.
Plans are in the works to deliver the system via the Internet.
Plans are in the works to deny legal residents their hard earned rights.
Plans are in the works to develop trails and additional signage.
Plans are in the works to do some improvements on the shower house.
Plans are in the works to double or triple the present size in the near future, organizers say.
Plans are in the works to ensure the prisoners stay warm and fed.
Plans are in the works to expand it to the other levels.
Plans are in the works to expand our wireless offerings.
Plans are in the works to expand recycling effort to include plastics, glass and card board.
Plans are in the works to focus on similar programs around the country.
Plans are in the works to have pedestrian and orientation Kiosks have pullout maps of the campus.
Plans are in the works to have science journals back to the starting volumes.
Plans are in the works to have that film shown on campus during the celebration.
Plans are in the works to improve the antenna and the location.
Plans are in the works to include China and South America.
Plans are in the works to include products for persons with many types of disabilities.
Plans are in the works to include secondary school teachers in future years.
Plans are in the works to increase that amount by at least fifty percent in the year to come.
Plans are in the works to inform both faculty and students of the training center details.
Plans are in the works to install a new septic system during the winter.
Plans are in the works to keep it open each day from noon to five.
Plans are in the works to levy additional charges handling and insurance and incidentals.
Plans are in the works to make it bigger and better than last year.
Plans are in the works to notify students of the wireless connections.
Plans are in the works to offer the final examination on line.
Plans are in the works to open up a beer garden and a kitchen.
Plans are in the works to provide such support systems on an ongoing basis.
Plans are in the works to provide supportive employment as well.
Plans are in the works to rebuild the roundhouse and turntable.
Plans are in the works to re-design the sampling baskets.
Plans are in the works to renovate the lodge by next summer.
Plans are in the works to reschedule the star party before the weather gets too cold.
Plans are in the works to restore it to it s original glory.
Plans are in the works to restore the other two tailing wheels.
Plans are in the works to sell the pickles nationwide.
Plans are in the works to shorten the pledgeship, initiating the members during the first semester.
Plans are in the works to solarize the station and remove the diesel generating system.
Plans are in the works to split our meetings between the two parishes.
Plans are in the works to test out film and video over the Internet as well.
Plans are in the works to triple the size of the current building to attract major exhibitions.
Plans are in the works to upgrade the center's computing power.
Plans are in the works to use streaming video as a backdrop.
Plans are in the works, but concentrate on Field Day firsthand.
Plans are in the works, therefore, for an expansion and wintertizing of the building.
Plans are in the works, with more details to come.
Plans are in the works.
Plans are in their final stages.
Plans are in train to extend the programme to Grenada.
Plans are in train to launch similar servies in France and Germany.
Plans are in work now for the screen and equipment to appear in at least two major showcases.
Plans are in work, but there is no date scheduled for the new association to become operational.
Plans are in works to add benefits in the months to come.
Plans are in, and final loose ends are being tied up.
Plans are included, which came in three installments - the other two months are also up for auction.
Plans are incomplete.
Plans are initially to tap only the huge market for bottled water in large cities and towns.
Plans are largely non-technical.
Plans are legal documents that affect peoples rights and duties.
Plans are less definite on the proofer.
Plans are likely to have as many expansion levels as are in the plan structure.
Plans are long-term thinking.
Plans are made, action is taken, reflection occurs, and plans are updated.
Plans are more effective and more easily implemented.
Plans are more than just a way to handle a crisis.
Plans are more than programs that an agent cooks up, blindly runs, and discards.
Plans are never unfolded, nor can they be reconstructed in hindsight.
Plans are non - refundable.
Plans are normal text files.
Plans are nothing . . . unless they are followed with action.
Plans are nothing new.
Plans are nothing.
Plans are now afoot for the next major release.
Plans are now afoot to include additional teaching centers, in Latin America and elsewhere.
Plans are now afoot to redevelop the Garden site.
Plans are now available.
Plans are now in hand to manufacture the special nozzles in Sheffield.
Plans are now in place to install a new shutter to reduce vignetting.
Plans are now in progress to begin publication of Pendragon once more.
Plans are now in the making for the construction of another group of homes.
Plans are now in the works to expand it.
Plans are now in the works to have another set printed.
Plans are now on hold due to the recent flood.
Plans are now to have a buffet for the banquet meal.
Plans are now to incorporate everything into one facility with wildlife wetland areas around it.
Plans are now under consideration to make a third tape as they begin to learn new music.
Plans are now under develpoment for a recirculating enviromentally friendly greywater system.
Plans are now under discussion to produce the vaccine commercially.
Plans are now under way for events to commemorate the tenth anniversary of the Chernobyl accident.
Plans are now under way for national and international tours, and a special millenium event.
Plans are now under way to continue the program for next year.
Plans are now under way to develop a community center in Madras.
Plans are now under way to establish an Asian round of the competition.
Plans are now under way to rescue the temple and other important structures.
Plans are now underway for a food and supply drive for the local animal shelter.
Plans are now underway for a new marina web site.
Plans are now underway for a spectacular celebration.
Plans are now underway for creation of a second international theology community outside of Italy.
Plans are now underway for next summer.
Plans are now underway for our annual picnic.
Plans are now underway for region wide and national awareness campaigns.
Plans are now underway for the first Fall Reunion.
Plans are now underway to accommodate that area for fireworks viewing only.
Plans are now underway to begin a monograph series focusing on reforming government.
Plans are now underway to begin construction on a new hospital.
Plans are now underway to build a brand new high school in Sacramento County.
Plans are now underway to build a new main library.
Plans are now underway to extend the program to the high school level.
Plans are now underway to find a good caterer willing to make the trek.
Plans are now underway to increase our base of support through our first ever membership drive.
Plans are now underway to meet the requirements of future electronic commerce activities.
Plans are now underway to organize the separate men's and women's leagues.
Plans are now underway to provide the service to upcoming winter sports.
Plans are now underway to rescue the submarine first before continuing the salvage of the capsule.
Plans are now underway to restore the spacious grounds to their former beauty.
Plans are now underway to sell and distribute the documentary in video form to the public.
Plans are now underway.
Plans are now well underway for the transition to an open market.
Plans are on a continuous subscription basis, payable in advance.
Plans are on display in our foyer for visitors to admire.
Plans are on file with the Conservation District.
Plans are on for the maintenance of a newsletter about developments and work.
Plans are on schedule.
Plans are on the boards to extend the value of the website even further.
Plans are on the books to rejoin the layup tracks to the express track.
Plans are on the cards for the first time to allow health claims in labelling.
Plans are on the create a special office to receive and deal with such applications.
Plans are on the drawing board for an expanded metabolic ward in the coming years.
Plans are on the drawing board for finishing the bath and kitchen.
Plans are on the drawing board for smaller booths at reduced rates.
Plans are on the drawing board to expand our facilities in the very near future.
Plans are on the drawing board to use reproduction standards throughout the parking lots.
Plans are on the table for two more facilities.
Plans are on the way for a new club house and facility.
Plans are on to make an efficient circuit for continious block oriented communication systems.
Plans are on to restructure the site by putting up a general search engine on the site.
Plans are on track for the design of the new northeast and westside grade schools.
Plans are only as good as the knowledge on which they are based.
Plans are only intellectual exercises unless they are transformed into action.
Plans are only useful as guides that give an idea of presidential priorities.
Plans are our guide to the route ahead in a dynamic and changing world.
Plans are payable in advance.
Plans are precompiled sequences of actions intended to provide the design for a subproblem.
Plans are prepared and evaluated.
Plans are prepared and permits issued.
Plans are prepared to build a new rectory.
Plans are presently in place to expand publication to five or possibly six issues per year.
Plans are presently on hold for the construction of additional serviced lots.
Plans are presently underway to make major modifications to the existing water tower.
Plans are presently underway to start a chapter in Pensacola.
Plans are private indemnity-type insurance plans.
Plans are ready.
Plans are renewable on their anniversary date.
Plans are restorative in nature.
Plans are reviewed on a first come, first serve basis by a residential plans analyst.
Plans are simple but loaded with resources.
Plans are solid and hold the promise of creating sharing networks among all stakeholders.
Plans are solid and hold the promise of producing positive change in student achievement.
Plans are solid and hold the promise of producing positive continuation.
Plans are solid and hold the promise of providing equitable access for all constituents.
Plans are someday to open the restored lighthouse for public tours.
Plans are standard character based files, which can be prepared with any text editor.
Plans are still embryonic.
Plans are still in development.
Plans are still in progress regarding the program for the prelude portion of the event.
Plans are still in the design phase.
Plans are still in the works.
Plans are still tentative, pending the number of people who sign up to participate.
Plans are still to be approved by the programme office.
Plans are still under development, so stay tuned.
Plans are still underway . . .
Plans are still underway for a cable television program.
Plans are still up in the air.
Plans are still vague, however.
Plans are subject to change without notice.
Plans are subject to change, of course.
Plans are subject to change.
Plans are subject to credit approval.
Plans are subject to municipal ratification and DER approval.
Plans are subject to State review and revision.
Plans are subject to top heavy testing and discrimination testing.
Plans are the majors and minors available in an academic program.
Plans are the most talked about college investment vehicles today.
Plans are the roadmap to building a home.
Plans are the same as for past years.
Plans are the tangible result of our distinctly human ability to imagine.
Plans are themselves a communication tool and process.
Plans are timely.
Plans are to achieve a family-oriented community with room to grow.
Plans are to add a machine maintenance program as early as next year's fall quarter.
Plans are to add a railroad spur to the plant to ship ingots by train.
Plans are to add a searchable feature.
Plans are to add additional fans in the next few months.
Plans are to add additional stations in the future.
Plans are to add an espresso cart to the picnic area out front.
Plans are to add further identification such as stone wall markers.
Plans are to add more exhibits as time permits.
Plans are to add more titles in the future.
Plans are to add nonpartisan and substitute bills, legislative publications and reports.
Plans are to add some staff for developing the new look and for increased news coverage.
Plans are to add yet another show to the season lineup.
Plans are to allow vendors to submit bids as encrypted documents.
Plans are to also market to hospitals, and nursing homes in the region.
Plans are to alternate sections burned, to control brush and to leave areas for the nesting birds.
Plans are to annually increase contributions to the scholarship fund.
Plans are to archive the most current seven days with some earlier key articles.
Plans are to arrange a get-together for everyone after the show.
Plans are to be active also before and after the contest.
Plans are to be drawn neatly, to scale and fully dimensioned.
Plans are to be presented in a pamphlet format, suitable for business and government leaders.
Plans are to be specific and require thoughtful planning and preparation.
Plans are to be submitted and approved prior to any construction, operation or demolition.
Plans are to become a leading supplier of art materials nationwide.
Plans are to begin a mentoring program to bring together experienced librarians and new librarians.
Plans are to begin adding additional sections to the website within the next while.
Plans are to begin construction in Spring as soon as the weather allows.
Plans are to begin the project within three months.
Plans are to begin the routing process by the first of the year.
Plans are to bid the project in upcoming months and to begin construction thereafter.
Plans are to bring the tour to Europe, Japan, Australia and other territories.
Plans are to build a pavilion, chapel and more camping pads and huts.
Plans are to build a small building to house chlorine and pump system.
Plans are to build a smaller sized wagon to fit it's capabilities.
Plans are to build church buildings in both villages.
Plans are to build the client base over the next three years possibly with one further expansion.
Plans are to build the world's biggest search engine service.
Plans are to calibrate linearity on-orbit.
Plans are to climb most of the morning.
Plans are to close the current grocery store but open it later as a smaller-scaled store.
Plans are to come back to the council at a later date with a recommendation.
Plans are to commission chapters for the book by the end of the year.
Plans are to complete paving on both trails when funding can be obtained.
Plans are to complete testing next week.
Plans are to conclude the project by the end of next year.
Plans are to conduct similar programs periodically, focusing on current issues.
Plans are to conduct workshops in local schools.
Plans are to continue a language-based reading program throughout the academic year.
Plans are to continue advertisements through brochures, magazines and travel shows.
Plans are to continue expanding protected areas.
Plans are to continue it.
Plans are to continue oil removal and to protect the area from further environmental impact.
Plans are to continue participating in the conference in the future.
Plans are to continue the program on a permanent basis.
Plans are to continue the project and perhaps replicate it in other parts of New Jersey.
Plans are to continue the two releases on a yearly basis.
Plans are to continue to do so into the foreseeable future.
Plans are to continue to maintain and improve the reliability of current services.
Plans are to continuously add backfiles of titles in all fields of study.
Plans are to contract for reference, reference training, and telecommunications.
Plans are to convert it and the surrounding land into a country club.
Plans are to convert part of it to a student lounge.
Plans are to cover that issue.
Plans are to create a working museum.
Plans are to develop a first grade math test and have it ready in the fall.
Plans are to develop a world class public marina and destination resort.
Plans are to develop and document an installation plan within the next quarter.
Plans are to develop that property as an extended televillage over the next several years.
Plans are to develop the site when apartments are built around it.
Plans are to develop tours and a variety of nature exhibits here.
Plans are to develope the Palace Amusement arcade into an amusement park and amusement museum.
Plans are to discuss the concept of clinical faculty and the governance process at a future meeting.
Plans are to display photos by the students and their teachers in a campus show next winter term.
Plans are to do it again.
Plans are to do some upgrading but more study is necessary.
Plans are to do the bell towers and the sacristy before starting the main roof.
Plans are to donate chair once repaired.
Plans are to double the business in new markets within the year.
Plans are to drill another well to test suspected deep resources.
Plans are to drop it from orbit and allow it to burn up sometime in the summer.
Plans are to enlarge the building in the future to accommodate larger groups.
Plans are to erect a tower and monobanders.
Plans are to eventually repatriate all to their homeland.
Plans are to exchange probes and duplicate the repository at other sites world wide.
Plans are to expand access to the major programs after consultation with the academic units.
Plans are to expand further in Europe, India, Singapore and New Zealand.
Plans are to expand into informative, dynamic content.
Plans are to expand it next year.
Plans are to expand it to online card sales early next year, however.
Plans are to expand off of the haunted house onto an outdoor walk-through.
Plans are to expand on-line delivery dramatically.
Plans are to expand rental offerings in the future to include all types of equipment.
Plans are to expand research efforts in the future.
Plans are to expand the chemotherapy room, including more amenities for patients and staff.
Plans are to expand the clinic to include approximately six other rural Ohio counties.
Plans are to expand the database in the future to provide a five year index for the journal.
Plans are to expand the event to include regional, statewide and national entries.
Plans are to expand the function for all campus servers.
Plans are to expand the lighting corridor.
Plans are to expand the planting on each of the sites next spring.
Plans are to expand the program significantly in successive years.
Plans are to expand the program to include two other cohorts in the subsequent two years.
Plans are to expand the program to other schools in the district.
Plans are to expand the program to the state level.
Plans are to expand the project to include all southeastern states where Spanish moss proliferates.
Plans are to expand the scope of the museum with the renovation of the third floor of the building.
Plans are to expand the site to fit the needs of various industries.
Plans are to expand the system to support low earth orbit launches and multiple launch pads.
Plans are to expand the use of PRS during the coming year.
Plans are to expand to other subjects soon.
Plans are to extend the classes to more companies in the future.
Plans are to extend the concept to include more foreign shares from other markets.
Plans are to extend the street someday, and that has residents upset.
Plans are to finalize the name transition by the end of the year.
Plans are to form a permanent organization.
Plans are to further test the bees for resistance to mites.
Plans are to get a cleanout rig in within the next couple of weeks and put it back into production.
Plans are to get a realistic program at the necessary levels.
Plans are to get to every congregation.
Plans are to give monetary awards for the best ideas.
Plans are to go play soccer or go into town to the center or market and to be back at seven.
Plans are to greatly expand efforts using hatcheries as tools for oyster rehabilitation in Maryland.
Plans are to grow the program over the next couple of years.
Plans are to have a cake walk, games, goody bags, door prizes, and a costume contest.
Plans are to have a local asparagus grower have fresh-cut asparagus for sale each day.
Plans are to have a new page for each month.
Plans are to have a repeat performance again next year.
Plans are to have a search capacity for the Bulletin.
Plans are to have a silent auction at next years event.
Plans are to have all construction completed within five years.
Plans are to have all regionals online within the year.
Plans are to have all regions online within the year.
Plans are to have all the classes networked very soon.
Plans are to have an on-campus mail service, and a copy center.
Plans are to have an on-line interactive database of business enterprises.
Plans are to have Arecibo observe for around one hour on each of the listed nights.
Plans are to have commercial flights by the end of the year.
Plans are to have daily news and documents of the church.
Plans are to have future fact sheets to churches the first week of each month.
Plans are to have IBA teams in five more schools in the next school year.
Plans are to have individual, outside entrances for all apartments.
Plans are to have it distributed by the end of the year.
Plans are to have it open again in the coming weeks.
Plans are to have live bands play there in the afternoons.
Plans are to have local fresh-cut asparagus for sale each day.
Plans are to have moderated lessons and discussions as more people become aware of the site.
Plans are to have much of the construction work carried out in industry.
Plans are to have one in each restroom.
Plans are to have representatives from Europe, Japan, Kuwait and New Zealand attend.
Plans are to have the caverns open to the public next spring.
Plans are to have the collection available through the Internet at a later date.
Plans are to have the courts lighted so that play can continue into the evening.
Plans are to have the entire county mapped of all businesses by the end of summer.
Plans are to have the evaluation of the products available on the web.
Plans are to have the exhibit visit other sights in the near future.
Plans are to have the facility ready to operate by the first of next year.
Plans are to have the first sign-up around the first of the year.
Plans are to have the island established as a territorial historic park.
Plans are to have two faculty members or students from each university visit the other each year.
Plans are to have, within twelve months, an assisted living facility built in Arkansas.
Plans are to hire at least a thousand people.
Plans are to hire more staff as the company grows, and there's talk of going public in the future.
Plans are to hold similar jazz sessions in Israel.
Plans are to hold the first of three clinics tomorrow for walkers and coaches.
Plans are to hold weekly meetings.
Plans are to hopefully begin shooting early Spring.
Plans are to identify the virus and conduct host range studies.
Plans are to implement biofiltration for odor control at all of the facility's emission points.
Plans are to implement the program and bring it on line based on the current timetable.
Plans are to include a broad array of vocalists and bluegrass musicians from the Duncan Area.
Plans are to include a craft-quality fabric line as well.
Plans are to include a discussion forum.
Plans are to include all age groups in future years.
Plans are to include an experiential component, working with bicultural children.
Plans are to include archives of previous issues, plus a search engine.
Plans are to include chemistry models for a more realistic simulation.
Plans are to include gas-phase equilibria and and precipitation equilibria.
Plans are to include Internet connectivity in future renovations.
Plans are to include it later as part of a new language program where users can add their own words.
Plans are to include restaurants, a coffee shop, brew pub, bakery and more.
Plans are to include statistics and computer science in the future as well.
Plans are to include the assembly area in a fourth building behind the new wing.
Plans are to include the State members in full participation on monthly conference calls.
Plans are to incorporate remote access into university, community college, and high school use.
Plans are to incorporate their recommendations into strategic planning at the next PBC meeting.
Plans are to increase day care during the deployment.
Plans are to increase the availability of the newsletter by expanding the list of access points.
Plans are to increase the number of local access numbers.
Plans are to install it in the new fire engine.
Plans are to interface existing systems statewide.
Plans are to introduce new songs each month.
Plans are to invite all committees to present.
Plans are to invite the people that are involved.
Plans are to involve all employees by midsummer to establish a clear baseline for the measurements.
Plans are to keep both Strawberry Canyon pools open all year.
Plans are to keep it as a rainy day fund for future emergencies.
Plans are to keep the business names the same.
Plans are to keep the natural rolling contours with streets and lot designs positioned accordingly.
Plans are to keep the penny jars in the classroom after the money is given to the family.
Plans are to keep the tasting room open seven days a week.
Plans are to keep the university community abreast of the search through Spectrum .
Plans are to launch ultra-cheap small Earth Observation platform.
Plans are to lease the building.
Plans are to leave right after church and maybe stop somewhere along the way for lunch.
Plans are to level the roads, put down a layer of rock and then cover that with a layer of asphalt.
Plans are to link the program to a Web site so shoppers can browse for coupons from home.
Plans are to live in the dorms and major in education.
Plans are to locate a permanent facility in the future.
Plans are to locate the facility in the Comer area.
Plans are to locate the preschool in the old middle school bui lding in Spencer.
Plans are to maintain a similar schedule in future years.
Plans are to maintain school operations underway.
Plans are to make all the equipment small enough to fit inside the flashlight housing.
Plans are to make it a museum.
Plans are to make the card renewable for the year after it expires.
Plans are to make the center a full service neighborhood primary care resource.
Plans are to make the conference an annual event.
Plans are to make the fair an annual event.
Plans are to make the Green Book available on the Web , on compact disk, and in print.
Plans are to make the management institute an annual affair.
Plans are to make the material available over the internet.
Plans are to make the run an annual CSUS event.
Plans are to make three more short films starring the young bear.
Plans are to meet annually to discuss mutual issues.
Plans are to meet throughout the summer as schedules permit.
Plans are to monitor ground water after the soil is removed.
Plans are to move across the street to the massive former digs of Planet Hollywood.
Plans are to move fifth-graders into one wing of the middle school, which is under construction.
Plans are to move the domain to another server, mostly for the purpose of the fanzine.
Plans are to move the remainder of the staff and collection to the new building over spring break.
Plans are to narrow the gauge to standard gauge and double track it from end to end.
Plans are to offer quilting classes and include guest teachers, as well as staff.
Plans are to offer the program in three sessions of about two hours each.
Plans are to open a drama school next year.
Plans are to open a third home when funds are available.
Plans are to open an additional six shops over the coming months in the other host venue sites.
Plans are to open from three to five stores in the Cleveland area.
Plans are to open here in the Galleria in late summer or early fall.
Plans are to open more DRCs in the near future in the imapcted counties.
Plans are to open new kindergartens each successive year.
Plans are to open the clinic in late summer or early fall.
Plans are to open the sales up again when more units become available.
Plans are to paint cars back to original owners' appearance in the future.
Plans are to paint the restaurant a mustard color and paint the shops out front muted pastels.
Plans are to participate in state competition as the program develops.
Plans are to participate in the event next year.
Plans are to patrol the line.
Plans are to place steel beams on the bridge in late spring or early summer.
Plans are to post logs there once a day.
Plans are to post three issues per year.
Plans are to proceed with a series of advanced emulation solutions.
Plans are to produce modules describing ways to create effective visioning programs in communities.
Plans are to produce on demand, a monthly updated version of the register.
Plans are to produce spin-offs, adding another dimension to the expansive Mexican arena.
Plans are to produce the event annually in California.
Plans are to produce the event annually.
Plans are to promote ticket sales via the internet or the telephone.
Plans are to provide additional technical reviews and presentations on scientific issues as needed.
Plans are to provide carpentry, painting and lawn service.
Plans are to provide information to a participant when the participant's claim has been denied.
Plans are to provide the data to the scientific community as soon as possible via the Web.
Plans are to publish a directory every five years.
Plans are to publish monthly.
Plans are to publish six times during the year.
Plans are to publish that volume three years from now.
Plans are to publish the entire manual on the RADC Web site in the coming weeks.
Plans are to publish the magazine twice a year.
Plans are to publish three per year, Summer, Fall and Winter.
Plans are to purchase a second pumper-tanker if monies can be raised.
Plans are to put a picnic table or two in appropriate places and keep the area for recreational use.
Plans are to put in the septic field and complete the cement work before winter.
Plans are to put the plan draft on the web.
Plans are to put together a testing schedule to make students accountable.
Plans are to putting test footage together with animatics and a scratch dialog track.
Plans are to quadruple the amount next year.
Plans are to rebuild the place next winter via a quick-build.
Plans are to rebuild.
Plans are to recruit celebrities to voice the radio announcements, available to chapters at no cost.
Plans are to recruit groups of students to begin each Fall and move through the program as a group.
Plans are to redo all the back issues too.
Plans are to reduce the total elapsed time for combustor simulation to overnight.
Plans are to reinstate it next year.
Plans are to reinvest the indirect cost recovery to help researchers be successful.
Plans are to remove the site after two weeks.
Plans are to renovate the office space above and to bring back the theater as a live music venue.
Plans are to replace the server.
Plans are to restore the car as a doodlebug.
Plans are to restore the cemetery at a later date.
Plans are to restore the house and offer it for sale next Spring.
Plans are to retrieve it during calmer conditions.
Plans are to review and update the strategic plan at least every three years.
Plans are to revise policy by administration.
Plans are to run one train out of every three to the airport and the other two to Gresham.
Plans are to schedule two-thirds of the seminars in the fall term.
Plans are to seed the area and place sod around the tanks.
Plans are to sell lots and also develop model homes within the property.
Plans are to sell sponsorships to consumer-oriented companies targeting affluent consumers.
Plans are to serve a continental breakfast.
Plans are to set up a Web site and develop a newsletter to help disseminate information.
Plans are to shoot the show early next year.
Plans are to some day add a directory registration form.
Plans are to start small, and then eventually expand to cover other related subjects.
Plans are to start the project next year.
Plans are to stockpile all refrigerants in the warehouse in the near future.
Plans are to support more filters in the future.
Plans are to support text block border styles, page style properties, list, table and math styles.
Plans are to take one out of play each day.
Plans are to take the building process to another level.
Plans are to take the interior down to steel and concrete.
Plans are to take trips to museums, a taxidermist, and become involved in the science fair.
Plans are to target other makers of high-performance silicon semiconductors.
Plans are to teach each other from our own experiences.
Plans are to team faculty who are content specialists with instructional technologists.
Plans are to tear up the existing maple floor as soon as the basketball season is complete.
Plans are to test cable samples at five year intervals.
Plans are to test it in a paper mill with several on-line measurements.
Plans are to tie in with other catalog companies and bring even more work to the area.
Plans are to trade in our poles for water ski's at the same lake in the summer.
Plans are to transmit live video back to the ground via amateur radio on World Record flights.
Plans are to try again after next year's seed harvest.
Plans are to turn it into a technical committee.
Plans are to turn it into a visitor center and museum.
Plans are to turn the area into a nice park and erase an eyesore.
Plans are to turn the comic into a musical.
Plans are to turn the land into a national park.
Plans are to update and add to the the manual as needs and news warrant.
Plans are to update every few years.
Plans are to update the series biennially.
Plans are to upgrade the CD-ROM annually.
Plans are to use flaggers, cones, and warning signs to guide vehicles through the work area.
Plans are to use it as an environmental education center.
Plans are to use it for education and entertainment programs.
Plans are to use it for other elections in the future.
Plans are to use it to coordinate parish activities weekly.
Plans are to use the facility as a movie house showing classic films, cartoons, etc.
Plans are to use the facility for elementary school groups.
Plans are to use the land for temporary classrooms until a permanent location has been determined.
Plans are to use the proceeds to continue to bring in quality speakers, especially keynote speaker.
Plans are to use the same organizational plan for nightly folk dancing as used in recent years.
Plans are to use the ship as a sail training ship and goodwill ambassador.
Plans are to visit the other schools before the end of the year.
Plans are to work with retired teachers in the state.
Plans are uncertain for the rest of the summer.
Plans are under consideration to redevelop the area for hotel and leisure use.
Plans are under development to make the site more useful and valuable to the membership.
Plans are under review for at least one full-service truck stop.
Plans are under way and things are shaping up for many activities and lots of fun.
Plans are under way for a follow up workshop.
Plans are under way for a formal competition to determine the building's architect and design.
Plans are under way for a memorial service next month at Temple Beth El in Berkeley.
Plans are under way for a national tour.
Plans are under way for a new city hall and a symphony building.
Plans are under way for a new luxury hotel resort, which promises to enhance the area.
Plans are under way for a new research facility in arts and for a science classroom building.
Plans are under way for a program in Japan.
Plans are under way for a prospective study of outcomes in normal pressure hydrocephalus.
Plans are under way for a second CD of a more general nature.
Plans are under way for a second seminar to be held in the Southwest Region in the spring.
Plans are under way for a series of four books.
Plans are under way for a virtually car-free park.
Plans are under way for additional classroom space and new athletic and performing arts complexes.
Plans are under way for an addition to the middle school and a new education center.
Plans are under way for another improvement for next year.
Plans are under way for changes in the master of ministry program.
Plans are under way for construction of a baseball complex near the softball field on campus.
Plans are under way for desktop video teleconferencing for next year s class.
Plans are under way for even more electronic resources.
Plans are under way for exciting future events along with a community service project.
Plans are under way for expansion into Oklahoma, North and South Carolina.
Plans are under way for expansion of the business which has rapidly outgrown the present area.
Plans are under way for further demining activities on land for resettlement.
Plans are under way for further testing of the curtains in nursing home settings.
Plans are under way for joint exercises early next year.
Plans are under way for larger telescopes in the northern hemisphere.
Plans are under way for many improvements.
Plans are under way for new carpeting and new lighting.
Plans are under way for numerous major capital investments in the tourism business.
Plans are under way for our first film festival.
Plans are under way for our summer picnic.
Plans are under way for parents to make compacts with the schools affirming their accountability.
Plans are under way for publication and distribution of the program.
Plans are under way for several special drama presentations.
Plans are under way for the trials to be expanded to include other sites around the country.
Plans are under way for their deposition as thin film on pretreated electrodes.
Plans are under way for workshops in New Jersey, Alabama, Mississippi, Texas, and California.
Plans are under way to accommodate students in other major liberal arts areas.
Plans are under way to add at least eight more technologies by the end of the year.
Plans are under way to add more sites in the future.
Plans are under way to add other amenities to yet improve the fine facility.
Plans are under way to add restrooms to the waiting area and upgrade the walls, floors and ceiling.
Plans are under way to allow individual students to view their own information.
Plans are under way to begin rehabilitation of the fire lines.
Plans are under way to build a model home as something of a demonstration.
Plans are under way to build a series of dams on Yaw Creek and pumped-water stations along it.
Plans are under way to build a workshop for children who are unable to pursue academic studies.
Plans are under way to build another nursing home in Salisbury.
Plans are under way to build on nine sites in the east side, east end and west side of Bridgeport.
Plans are under way to buy two more such lines during the next two years.
Plans are under way to commemorate the event.
Plans are under way to commercialize the devices.
Plans are under way to complete a new dining hall with kitchen, a chapel and an office complex.
Plans are under way to continue the economics program's cognitive science initiative.
Plans are under way to contract with health insurers to cover the cost as a preventive measure.
Plans are under way to convert the .gif to .dxf vector format.
Plans are under way to create more categories of interest to make browsing easier.
Plans are under way to develop an anuran calling survey in Pennsylvania.
Plans are under way to do the same thing with softball with a few communities as well.
Plans are under way to enable it for audio and video material.
Plans are under way to enhance that program through fund raising so it can be expanded.
Plans are under way to enhance that program through fundraising so it can be expanded.
Plans are under way to establish a resource library for patients and their families.
Plans are under way to establish technical achievement awards.
Plans are under way to eventually accept recyclable materials at the sites.
Plans are under way to expand department resources in support of clinical trials.
Plans are under way to expand into Australia, Africa and the Middle East.
Plans are under way to expand the extranet to include international customers.
Plans are under way to expand the facility, including enhanced event capability and seating.
Plans are under way to expand the study area into an adjoining space.
Plans are under way to expand to other countries.
Plans are under way to extend the program to include a first-aid course and swimming lessons.
Plans are under way to extend the research in U.S. hospitals.
Plans are under way to extend the service to Richmond in five years.
Plans are under way to facilitate a relief recovery and rehabilitation program.
Plans are under way to have a pep rally for the baseball team.
Plans are under way to have book signings, concerts and a fun run.
Plans are under way to hire a new director, hopefully by the first of the new year.
Plans are under way to implement many more such projects in the future.
Plans are under way to improve the process of getting to the airport.
Plans are under way to include content in several other languages.
Plans are under way to include photos of missing children and adults.
Plans are under way to introduce health sciences students to telemedicine early in their education.
Plans are under way to introduce new domains e.g.
Plans are under way to invite Canada and Mexico.
Plans are under way to launch similar programs with another thirteen Chinese universities.
Plans are under way to load the pages at an external site and made available to non-GBS students.
Plans are under way to make the farm more suited to visitors.
Plans are under way to make the service publicly accessible, pricing model is still uncertain.
Plans are under way to modify the cockpit to match the new avionics upgrade.
Plans are under way to offer a more in-depth class.
Plans are under way to offer the show online as well, giving local bands even more exposure.
Plans are under way to offer tours at our other preserves.
Plans are under way to open a center for young men also.
Plans are under way to open the shops in other cities.
Plans are under way to produce a separate batch for the military.
Plans are under way to provide special training and skills for the house parents.
Plans are under way to provide the council a home.
Plans are under way to provide weekly entertainment throughout the season.
Plans are under way to reconvene at an annual meeting.
Plans are under way to remedy the situation.
Plans are under way to replace the aging heating system with new boilers.
Plans are under way to replace the static photos with video footage.
Plans are under way to reproduce the studies using rodents.
Plans are under way to restore many of the classrooms to their original wood paneling.
Plans are under way to run a two-week baseball camp.
Plans are under way to schedule contacts with school groups.
Plans are under way to start collection of data on various types of violence against women.
Plans are under way to televise the pope's upcoming visit to South America.
Plans are under way to train further units.
Plans are under way to transmit the acquired knowledge to the copper refinery operators.
Plans are under way to turn the farm into a multiple use public facility.
Plans are under way, however, to expand historical and real-time futures quotes.
Plans are underway already for next year's tournament.
Plans are underway and anticipation is building.
Plans are underway and committees are being formed.
Plans are underway and equipment has been ordered.
Plans are underway do to the positive test results.
Plans are underway for a book.
Plans are underway for a broad-based equity study of salaries, benefits, and opportunities.
Plans are underway for a coaches training session prior to the start of the season.
Plans are underway for a concert in the near future.
Plans are underway for a cultural exchange in the upcoming year centered on art, cuisine and wine.
Plans are underway for a fabulous celebration.
Plans are underway for a fantastic meeting with a similar schedule as the last several years.
Plans are underway for a flight test verification.
Plans are underway for a fourth building on the site.
Plans are underway for a fourth session in China.
Plans are underway for a gathering of East Kentucky Alumni.
Plans are underway for a guest speaker.
Plans are underway for a luncheon after church with a dedication and tours.
Plans are underway for a major new student center.
Plans are underway for a move to a new larger location.
Plans are underway for a new elementary building.
Plans are underway for a new gym, cafeteria, kitchen and chapel.
Plans are underway for a new music building and a baseball stadium.
Plans are underway for a new music building, a baseball stadium, and a new science building.
Plans are underway for a new ring road to facilitate movement in the southern part of the peninsula.
Plans are underway for a new science building.
Plans are underway for a new season of social events.
Plans are underway for a new section created by and for students.
Plans are underway for a new toilet block and vehicle access and parking.
Plans are underway for a number of future displays.
Plans are underway for a permanent memorial.
Plans are underway for a program on the electronic depository project.
Plans are underway for a pulp mill with construction to start in three years.
Plans are underway for a quarter pipe with a fun box.
Plans are underway for a second all school reunion .
Plans are underway for a second meal before the semester is out.
Plans are underway for a second national reunion.
Plans are underway for a second painting.
Plans are underway for a selective and modest growth in enrollment.
Plans are underway for a separate aircraft instrumentation system in the future.
Plans are underway for a 'skate patrol' of professional skaters.
Plans are underway for a small mausoleum and more columbarium space in the near future.
Plans are underway for a Spanish festival for high school students.
Plans are underway for a super pig roast blowout.
Plans are underway for a third meeting next spring.
Plans are underway for a training of facilitators in the summer months.
Plans are underway for a t-shirt and sweatshirt sale.
Plans are underway for a UK tour in the upcoming months.
Plans are underway for a Web site form.
Plans are underway for a wonderful weekend.
Plans are underway for additional celebrations throughout our coverage area.
Plans are underway for additional countries, including Europe and the Middle East.
Plans are underway for additional grad housing at West Campus.
Plans are underway for an annual update survey to ensure that all information remains current.
Plans are underway for an electronically distributed journal.
Plans are underway for an even bigger event next year.
Plans are underway for an exciting and event packed week.
Plans are underway for an exciting contest regarding a school logo.
Plans are underway for an expanded parking area at the rear of the library.
Plans are underway for an issues-briefing session followed by visits to state legislators.
Plans are underway for an open house at the completion of construction.
Plans are underway for another benefit run to be held next year.
Plans are underway for another exciting day at the track.
Plans are underway for another photo shoot.
Plans are underway for another seminar next summer in Sun Valley.
Plans are underway for big industries.
Plans are underway for circlefest.
Plans are underway for comparable farms in Florida and Kentucky.
Plans are underway for comprehensive solid waste legislation.
Plans are underway for developing one or two master's degree level courses.
Plans are underway for development of a marina village and expansion of the marina.
Plans are underway for Earth Week next year .
Plans are underway for European record distribution network.
Plans are underway for even higher speeds.
Plans are underway for even more powerful telescopes to be built around the globe.
Plans are underway for expanding programs in breast, prostate and lymphoma research.
Plans are underway for expanding the range and types of information available.
Plans are underway for expansion into other major cities around the world.
Plans are underway for expansion throughout the rest of Canada, the U.S. and abroad.
Plans are underway for field trips and an internship.
Plans are underway for follow-up actions.
Plans are underway for follow-up novels.
Plans are underway for further testing of the curtains in nursing home settings.
Plans are underway for future service rollouts in other areas.
Plans are underway for graduation.
Plans are underway for having the summer picnic and summer work schedule.
Plans are underway for international stamping.
Plans are underway for key events to be held during the year-long celebration.
Plans are underway for major renovation of the center.
Plans are underway for more advanced courses as well.
Plans are underway for more forums in the fall.
Plans are underway for more meetings in the coming months.
Plans are underway for more outreach facilities in Oak Cliff.
Plans are underway for new athletic and performing arts complexes.
Plans are underway for new cold storage facilities.
Plans are underway for next year's event.
Plans are underway for next year's Lecture Series.
Plans are underway for next year's season.
Plans are underway for next year's second annual conservation awareness field day.
Plans are underway for next year's show.
Plans are underway for other areas.
Plans are underway for our new home.
Plans are underway for our next Rally.
Plans are underway for our next sale and are anxious to see how the calves grow out.
Plans are underway for our summer reading program.
Plans are underway for parent leaders to discuss better ways of communicating and working together.
Plans are underway for patron-initiated recalls in the future.
Plans are underway for possible dredging.
Plans are underway for possible tours to the mainland, Europe, and other Polynesian islands.
Plans are underway for publication an entire new edition.
Plans are underway for publication in Germany.
Plans are underway for regular performances.
Plans are underway for reintroducing other macaws to the wild.
Plans are underway for restoration.
Plans are underway for several regattas.
Plans are underway for share drafts and debit cards to be added.
Plans are underway for space allocation and definition of data and communications requirements.
Plans are underway for studies of other countries including the former Soviet Union.
Plans are underway for surprise live auction and silent auction items.
Plans are underway for the annual Noonday Onion Festival.
Plans are underway for the construction of a large-scale aquarium on the site.
Plans are underway for the construction of an Olympic size swimming pool.
Plans are underway for the construction of an outdoor stadium for sporting events and concerts.
Plans are underway for the decommissioning ceremony.
Plans are underway for the development of a brochure for any presentations that take place.
Plans are underway for the development of a souvenir booth for next summer.
Plans are underway for the development of a statewide information network.
Plans are underway for the establishment of a Ph.D. program in the near future.
Plans are underway for the establishment of a population information network for Western Asia.
Plans are underway for the event.
Plans are underway for the fall workshop schedule.
Plans are underway for the installation of the first phase of the interpretive presentation.
Plans are underway for the library to expand once again.
Plans are underway for the move into the building.
Plans are underway for the new store to be rebuilt on the same site.
Plans are underway for the Next Generation Space Telescope.
Plans are underway for the next get together.
Plans are underway for the next Tidewater social event.
Plans are underway for the search for a permanent chair.
Plans are underway for the separation of posts and telecommunications functions.
Plans are underway for trips to many exotic and fun destinations.
Plans are underway for trips to various sites in Minneapolis and the surrounding area.
Plans are underway for two additional fire stations and a new Fire Training Facility.
Plans are underway for youth to perform full fire fighting functions.
Plans are underway in Mozambique for five more clinics across the country.
Plans are underway now for teams and sponsorships.
Plans are underway now to build a permanent structure.
Plans are underway now.
Plans are underway to acquire further data from outpatient settings in Kansas.
Plans are underway to adapt course content for students in Mexico.
Plans are underway to add a high school on the other side of the creek that runs next to the school.
Plans are underway to add additional machines to the lab.
Plans are underway to add additional sessions.
Plans are underway to add French and Portuguese to the language menu.
Plans are underway to add several scanning and digital video editing stations for public use.
Plans are underway to add some tables of contents records for newer books.
Plans are underway to allow on-line submission of theses and dissertations.
Plans are underway to allow users to complete and print their applications on their own printers.
Plans are underway to also distribute audio and video content.
Plans are underway to apply the fluid in drilling all oil and gas wells in Thailand and Indonesia.
Plans are underway to apply the technique to other closed-shell systems in the near future.
Plans are underway to appoint a group to develop a proposal.
Plans are underway to appoint the committee for the upcoming years.
Plans are underway to assess more amphibians, reptiles, freshwater fishes and marine species.
Plans are underway to assist in job placement skills and help inmates reenter the work force.
Plans are underway to be a participant in next year s showcase.
Plans are underway to begin a comprehensive program in the Boston area within the next year.
Plans are underway to begin a Shalom Christian pre-school.
Plans are underway to begin an endowment campaign.
Plans are underway to begin doing intestinal and lung transplants within the next year.
Plans are underway to begin installing the smoke alarms in the near future.
Plans are underway to begin renovation and construction early next year.
Plans are underway to bring classroom and lab Internet access in each of the elementary schools.
Plans are underway to bring in at least one and possibly two nationally recognized speakers.
Plans are underway to build a fab next to their current facility.
Plans are underway to build a larger library.
Plans are underway to build a new computer suite.
Plans are underway to build a new observatory at another location in the Gardens.
Plans are underway to build light rail stations, restaurants, parks, biking trails, and open spaces.
Plans are underway to call it in veto session.
Plans are underway to completely remove the cooling tower.
Plans are underway to conduct customized training sessions.
Plans are underway to conduct training in Europe, the Pacific and stateside next year.
Plans are underway to conduct workshops in Prince George, Victoria, and the Queen Charlotte Islands.
Plans are underway to construct a modern winery on forty-two acres of vineyard property.
Plans are underway to construct a new facility for the department on the university campus.
Plans are underway to construct another railroad across the Kalahari to the coast of Namibia.
Plans are underway to construct student residence halls and ancillary facilities.
Plans are underway to construct the country's first refinery.
Plans are underway to continue maintenance of kiawah.org.
Plans are underway to continue to expand the facility.
Plans are underway to continue with an awards program that was initiated in prior years.
Plans are underway to cover Europe, Asia and South America as well.
Plans are underway to create a system to deliver books and other library materials to the homebound.
Plans are underway to create an anti-drug curriculum for student use.
Plans are underway to create an international database to track pedophile activity.
Plans are underway to design a new report for implementation next year.
Plans are underway to develop a borate based product that can be exposed to the weather.
Plans are underway to develop a database to collect and provide such information.
Plans are underway to develop a permanent community on Mars.
Plans are underway to develop a preceptorship program.
Plans are underway to develop a prenatal program and, if feasible, a dental program for children.
Plans are underway to develop a virtual chapter on the Internet.
Plans are underway to develop additional industrial development space.
Plans are underway to develop additional rural training programs in the near future.
Plans are underway to develop an automated catalogue of holdings.
Plans are underway to develop an online version as well.
Plans are underway to develop and implement a brain injury prevention program.
Plans are underway to develop and provide applications to divisions in the very near future.
Plans are underway to develop inter-county peer to peer contact mechanisms.
Plans are underway to develop protocols for comparative disposition and short-term toxicity studies.
Plans are underway to develop protocols for toxicity and carcinogenicity studies.
Plans are underway to develop safety standards for all other accreditation programs.
Plans are underway to develop the primary exhibit for the museum.
Plans are underway to develop the survey for administration with other Jewish women's groups.
Plans are underway to develop uses of the cluster in courses and research.
Plans are underway to devote library buildings to community use .
Plans are underway to digitize all documentation and make it available on the Web.
Plans are underway to digitize the broadcast award winners and finalists.
Plans are underway to disseminate the brochure to more U.S. embassies.
Plans are underway to disseminate the results nationally.
Plans are underway to distribute copies to paid up members.
Plans are underway to do a CD of their music during the fall semester.
Plans are underway to do partial electronic presentations.
Plans are underway to enhance the distinct charm of the north and south sides.
Plans are underway to equip a multi-media lab and graphics lab.
Plans are underway to establish a museum to exhibit their work.
Plans are underway to establish a site in Yosemite Valley to provide propane by the summer season.
Plans are underway to establish home-based care projects in most of the districts in the country.
Plans are underway to establish New Mexico food sections in numerous grocery stores statewide.
Plans are under-way to establish online access to the catalogue.
Plans are underway to expand and build a new facility.
Plans are underway to expand course offerings to include day, evening, and weekend classes.
Plans are underway to expand coverage to other major towns in the near future.
Plans are underway to expand our space for a new day care center and a first-floor food pantry.
Plans are underway to expand parking and increase shuttle service.
Plans are underway to expand parking for married student housing.
Plans are underway to expand the fellowship program.
Plans are underway to expand the pilot into additional schools next year.
Plans are underway to expand the program statewide and to other regions in New England.
Plans are underway to expand the program to cities throughout Israel.
Plans are underway to expand the program to include donations from major retail outlets.
Plans are underway to expand the program to students in every elementary classroom.
Plans are underway to expand the program.
Plans are underway to expand to other junior high schools in the future.
Plans are underway to expand to other states.
Plans are underway to expand water use to include boiler feed at the refineries.
Plans are underway to expand web offerings in the near future.
Plans are underway to extend the course.
Plans are underway to extend the network to additional classroom buildings.
Plans are underway to extend the program to downstate facilities.
Plans are underway to extend the programme into fish farming and duck rearing.
Plans are underway to extend the Red Seal program to other trades.
Plans are underway to extend the se rvice to the remaining islands of The Bahamas.
Plans are underway to feature a different performance group periodically also.
Plans are underway to fill a school courtyard with a large greenhouse and art walk.
Plans are underway to fill the trainer vacancies.
Plans are underway to for the upcoming penumbral eclipse.
Plans are underway to form a direct link to the field sites.
Plans are underway to further restore and develop the historic buildings.
Plans are underway to get rid of the combined and example repositories.
Plans are underway to get the clinic fully operational by early spring for community services.
Plans are underway to give the course in Finland in the near future.
Plans are underway to have a permanent outfield fence installed once the snow melts.
Plans are underway to have all ministries move to the de-jure capital.
Plans are underway to have all stones lying flat.
Plans are underway to have established as a divable and protected historic site.
Plans are underway to have neighborhood groups hold their meetings here as well.
Plans are underway to have next year's picnic an even bigger success.
Plans are underway to have the concept reports approved through Atlanta.
Plans are underway to have the guide available by the upcoming national conference.
Plans are underway to have the Math club officially recognized as a campus organization.
Plans are underway to have various legal forms on the law library s web site in coming weeks.
Plans are underway to help make the building more appealing to students.
Plans are underway to hire a project director.
Plans are underway to hold a second forum.
Plans are underway to hold the conference in New York City next year.
Plans are underway to host several regional teaching events during the coming year.
Plans are underway to implement similar projects in Mexico, Bolivia, Colombia and Haiti.
Plans are underway to improve additional classrooms in the near future.
Plans are underway to include a library where glass students can research their favorite glassware.
Plans are underway to include a searchable alumni e-mail database on our website.
Plans are underway to include an Internet link-up in conjunction with the cable service.
Plans are underway to include prints and information from other substantial collections.
Plans are underway to include residence halls in the program.
Plans are underway to incorporate the entire historical district into the museum.
Plans are underway to increase flexibility, acceleration, and accessibility for weekend students.
Plans are underway to increase the number of cubicles.
Plans are underway to increase the production capacity of the plant.
Plans are underway to initiate a continuing series of seminars for the legal community.
Plans are underway to install showers and latrines at many of the camping sights.
Plans are underway to install systems in Germany and the United States.
Plans are underway to integrate departmental and library dramatic arts collections into the library.
Plans are underway to introduce a new national currency.
Plans are underway to introduce more current and more advanced technologies.
Plans are underway to introduce new facilities in the water theme park.
Plans are underway to introduce one type of phonecard, compatible with both phones.
Plans are underway to invest in the capacity of management and branch-level operations.
Plans are underway to launch an academic news bulletin.
Plans are underway to linearly expand in the appliances market.
Plans are underway to make international e-mail an option for students at every semester level.
Plans are underway to make it an annual event.
Plans are underway to make it even more attractive for corporate sponsors next season.
Plans are underway to make it more interactive, too.
Plans are underway to make the annual banquet something special.
Plans are underway to make the building handicapped accessible.
Plans are underway to make the center a multiagency project.
Plans are underway to make the event glorious.
Plans are underway to make the technologies commercially available.
Plans are underway to make the Youth Enrollment user's conference an annual event.
Plans are underway to market the liner in other states.
Plans are underway to meet with members of that body.
Plans are underway to mix things up a bit in coming years.
Plans are underway to move the web server to a computer on campus.
Plans are underway to move the website.
Plans are underway to offer a course of training in the teaching of literature.
Plans are underway to offer a Ph.D. in mathematics.
Plans are underway to offer bachelor degree-completion programs in Biology and English.
Plans are underway to offer courses during the next two years.
Plans are underway to offer Net and laptop connections from aircraft seats.
Plans are underway to offer online course work in the future.
Plans are underway to offset the discovery.
Plans are underway to open a facility in Seoul.
Plans are underway to open a fully restored upper floor to serve as a museum for area history.
Plans are underway to open in Oregon and New York, too.
Plans are underway to open more regional branches within and outside Nigeria.
Plans are underway to organize a meeting to define the scope of the organization.
Plans are underway to produce a resources guide for computer applications in education.
Plans are underway to propose a submergence technology workshop to be held in the summer.
Plans are underway to provide a delivery service between the libraries in the System.
Plans are underway to provide a recognition day for participating schools.
Plans are underway to provide a way to order books online.
Plans are underway to provide information about reports and reporting through a Web site.
Plans are underway to provide job training opportunities off campus in the future.
Plans are underway to provide our members with the newest free statistical software.
Plans are underway to provide such a copy card system for the multi-user systems in the near future.
Plans are underway to provide the children with psycho-social counselling as well.
Plans are underway to provide the training that is needed for teachers and administrators.
Plans are underway to publish all the papers.
Plans are underway to publish and provide the results to the local community.
Plans are underway to purchase more cameras in the future.
Plans are underway to put together the events for the upcoming year.
Plans are underway to rebuild the bath house and swimming pool.
Plans are underway to recruit staff and confirm physician coverage.
Plans are underway to redesign and improve sports fields to the west.
Plans are underway to re-engineer the network.
Plans are underway to refurbish.
Plans are underway to reintroduce the caribou to the area.
Plans are underway to release the popular Love Letter in the next few months.
Plans are underway to release two or three additional months each year.
Plans are underway to relocate some of the activities to make room for the community center.
Plans are underway to relocate the airport.
Plans are underway to remodel the building.
Plans are underway to remodel the stores to create a new and exciting retail shopping environment.
Plans are underway to remove the buildup.
Plans are underway to remove the old skylight and replace it with a series of three new skylights.
Plans are underway to renovate the old train station and make it a transporation museum.
Plans are underway to re-open the local office with new personnel.
Plans are underway to repeat Congressional Day again next year.
Plans are underway to repeat the workshop in the spring in Southern California.
Plans are underway to replicate the study in other departments that offer large enrollment courses.
Plans are underway to require better preparation for teachers of New Jersey history in our schools.
Plans are underway to restore a damaged portion of the window.
Plans are underway to restore and relocate the playhouse as the centerpiece of a children's garden.
Plans are underway to restore it.
Plans are underway to restore one of California's coastal treasures.
Plans are underway to restore the old lock tender's house.
Plans are underway to restore the wetlands and return their vital, life-giving power.
Plans are underway to reunite the two components at the museum in the near future.
Plans are underway to revamp our newsletter.
Plans are underway to revamp the roof deck.
Plans are underway to review the power balance during the upcoming penumbral eclipse.
Plans are underway to schedule an open forum for individuals to ask questions and make comments.
Plans are underway to send further shipments to France, Japan and Italy.
Plans are underway to set up distribution in New Zealand, Chile, Mexico, and Europe.
Plans are underway to show the film overseas as well.
Plans are underway to showcase model programs and service delivery systems.
Plans are underway to spread the word to the public on the merits of the bond.
Plans are underway to standardize the database and code it by industry.
Plans are underway to start construction on the second park.
Plans are underway to study upgrades to the plant.
Plans are underway to submit grant applications to various foundations to secure long-term funding.
Plans are underway to take the program statewide in Maryland and citywide in Boston.
Plans are underway to tarp over the area and poison the plant underneath with chlorine.
Plans are underway to teach a complete secondary-level aquaculture curriculum.
Plans are underway to test it in additional patients.
Plans are underway to test the system in monkeys.
Plans are underway to transfer ownership from the city to the non-profit organization.
Plans are underway to update and improve the college's athletic facilities.
Plans are underway to upgrade and increase the size of the labs and resident rooms.
Plans are underway to upgrade the server version over the summer.
Plans are underway to upgraded and expand the video camera system.
Plans are underway to use the machines for public access to the Internet and for training.
Plans are underway to work with owners and developers as well.
Plans are underway top fully implement solar power throughout.
Plans are underway, and they look exciting.
Plans are underway, however, to restore the front facade, replicating the original entrance.
Plans are underway.
Plans are unique because of inclusion of bonuses based on the present value of oil in the ground.
Plans are unknown.
Plans are unreadable.
Plans are upgradeable.
Plans are useless.
Plans are usually available for student and spouse and their children.
Plans are usually in the mail by the following business day.
Plans are valuable for more than just getting funding, however.
Plans are very tentative and fluid.
Plans are well advanced for moving the existing disk components to the new system.
Plans are well along for putting hyperspectral remote sensing into space.
Plans are well on the way for the action over there.
Plans are well under way for our holiday dinner.
Plans are well under way for the next series of practice and qualifying expeditions.
Plans are well under way here.
Plans are well under way to find responsible ways to dispose of the sulphur.
Plans are well under way.
Plans are well underway for additional restaurants, retail stores and a multi-screen movie theater.
Plans are well underway for completing the needs assessment for the Harrisburg area.
Plans are well underway for our gathering in Detroit, Michigan.
Plans are well underway for our major fundraising event of the year.
Plans are well underway for our third annual festival.
Plans are well underway for the further development of the two ends of the trail.
Plans are well underway for the renovation of Commerce West.
Plans are well underway to both improve service and reduce administrative overhead.
Plans are well underway to build Budapest's first skyscraper .
Plans are well underway to develop and improve the infrastructure needed to support economic growth.
Plans are well underway.
Plans banquet in the spring.
Plans begin almost immediately to rebuild the school on the same location.
Plans begin immediately to build a permanent hospital.
Plans begin to upgrade to load balanced web system running multiple servers.
Plans being discussed include holding more student forums.
Plans call for a bar to be built on the second floor.
Plans call for a bookstore, restaurants and shops.
Plans call for a bottling line after label approval is received.
Plans call for a bridge, more trail paving, picnic areas and benches.
Plans call for a capacity to process a million pounds of fish per year.
Plans call for a casual affair with children welcome.
Plans call for a certainty and sample based components.
Plans call for a chapel to stand at the center of each school house unit.
Plans call for a completely new passenger terminal, longer runway, and expanded taxiways.
Plans call for a condensing and drying operation to produce powdered milk in the coming months.
Plans call for a convenience store and eight gas pumps in the parking lot.
Plans call for a cut tournament format to be used.
Plans call for a deathmatch mode, too.
Plans call for a field trial to train accreditation reviewers once the manual is completed.
Plans call for a future expansion of the project to include additional passenger years and records.
Plans call for a green playing surface with a red out-of bounds area.
Plans call for a guest vocalist each week.
Plans call for a huge residential and retail development.
Plans call for a late vocation correspondence program to be offered online.
Plans call for a lighted aerator to be installed in the pond.
Plans call for a limited staff with representation in Washington.
Plans call for a live TV broadcast, and radio show during the event.
Plans call for a merchandise mix emphasizing apparel, leisure lines, and home furnishings.
Plans call for a mill and overlay and a box culvert replacement.
Plans call for a modern campground to be built in the northern portion of the park east of the lake.
Plans call for a multi-use trail with an asphalt surface.
Plans call for a new performing and fine arts center and a new sports and wellness center.
Plans call for a nine-unit building with duplexes and a triplex.
Plans call for a Northerly Island that is more a nature preserve than a playing field.
Plans call for a piece of public art to eventually mark the location.
Plans call for a private company to further develop and eventually market the scanner prototype.
Plans call for a pro shop to be built in one of the existing buildings there.
Plans call for a publication in CD-ROM format as well as in printed form.
Plans call for a putting green, but for now there's the crolf course.
Plans call for a reception inside the school following the ceremony.
Plans call for a restaurant and several high-end retail businesses.
Plans call for a satellite clinic and longer service hours.
Plans call for a sequel.
Plans call for a series of cutting edge animated shorts.
Plans call for a small fenced-off spectator area.
Plans call for a standardization of all faculties and staff use of e-mail on Outlook.
Plans call for a standardization of all faculty and staff use of e-mail on Outlook.
Plans call for a statewide virtual catalog as well.
Plans call for a stone structure with darkened windows.
Plans call for a suite to be remodeled for wheelchair accessibility when funds allow.
Plans call for a train shed to house the locomotive.
Plans call for a visitors' center.
Plans call for a zerogravity experience at the hub of the rotating spacecraft.
Plans call for added baffles and shields to minimize light trespass into surrounding skyscrapers.
Plans call for adding a grade level each year through sixth grade.
Plans call for adding a library and educational displays.
Plans call for adding additional centuries-long records and information.
Plans call for adding and changing the slide program throughout the year.
Plans call for adding inorganic chemistry data at a later date.
Plans call for adding more states in the future.
Plans call for adding new bibliographic records via a batch process as often as monthly.
Plans call for adding service in SW London.
Plans call for adding two additional lanes.
Plans call for additional activity area samples to be analyzed.
Plans call for additional campsites and cabins.
Plans call for additional classrooms to be upgraded as funding becomes available.
Plans call for additional vines to be both grafted and planted over the next several years.
Plans call for additions on the east and south sides of the existing building.
Plans call for advanced classes for associate and bachelor's degree programs.
Plans call for advocates to be hired for the other annual conferences eventually.
Plans call for agency performance against targets to be reported on the state's Web site.
Plans call for all results to be posted on the site.
Plans call for all shuttle service to eventually tie into the new parking garage.
Plans call for all the old messages to be eventually added to the threaded archives.
Plans call for an additional high school in the near future.
Plans call for an additional three indoor tennis courts in the future.
Plans call for an advanced Visual Basic course and an advanced web design course next year.
Plans call for an American pilot to serve with a Korean unit within the next year.
Plans call for an apartment complex to be built alongside the cemetery.
Plans call for an expansion to ten operational dishes within about a year.
Plans call for an organizing convention of priestly descendants next year.
Plans call for another new softball field to be built in the lower field behind the high school.
Plans call for antique buses, trolleys and cars to be included.
Plans call for at least one officer to be aboard the two-wheelers on each of three daily shifts.
Plans call for at least one wrestler to appear each week.
Plans call for at least three other off-leash parks to be opened.
Plans call for buses run on five-minute intervals to and from the Mount.
Plans call for CD to be rolled out in major metropolitan markets nationwide by year-end.
Plans call for classes in health, sewing, computers, cooking, and job skills.
Plans call for complete refurbishment of the track area.
Plans call for complete renovation of the facility's upper floors into studio and one-bedroom units.
Plans call for completing a national rollout during the next few months.
Plans call for computer-based analysis and judging of each student's improvisational choices.
Plans call for concession outlets throughout the stadium to be addressed in several ways.
Plans call for construction of a four-lane, divided highway between the two towns.
Plans call for construction of a large entertainment complex.
Plans call for construction of a major entertainment complex.
Plans call for construction of a new high-tech classroom building.
Plans call for construction of a wilderness trail and observation platform for sanctuary viewing.
Plans call for construction of new affordable, market-rate and public housing units.
Plans call for converting an old fire station into a museum.
Plans call for developing a mix of rental and owned units, with graduated rental costs.
Plans call for developing a version of the device to be mounted atop a vehicle such as the Humvee.
Plans call for developing an environmental awareness station on the property.
Plans call for developing smart streets, which include some of the county's busiest roadways.
Plans call for development into peripheral businesses.
Plans call for electronic brakes and an anti-lock system.
Plans call for enclosing the carousel north of downtown near the city's other lakefront museums.
Plans call for enhanced heart and pediatric services.
Plans call for enrolling patients in the next two months.
Plans call for entry in overseas markets in the future.
Plans call for eventual service between Houston and Fort Worth.
Plans call for eventually adding another two lanes.
Plans call for exhibits eventually to be housed in several nearby downtown buildings.
Plans call for expanded collaboration with scientists and physicians from Israel and abroad.
Plans call for expanded facilities in the building.
Plans call for expanding future reports to include data on retail sales in Southeast Missouri.
Plans call for expanding it to other areas of Europe.
Plans call for expanding sales of pet food and to expand the company's ability to generate earnings.
Plans call for expanding the service over time if demand dictates.
Plans call for expanding to grades three to five next year.
Plans call for expansion into a wider range of fields.
Plans call for expansion into other healthcare fields, i.e. nurses, doctors, respiratory therapists.
Plans call for expansion into the Pittsburgh area next year.
Plans call for expansion of analytic offerings to include inventory and vendor performance analysis.
Plans call for expansion of the initiative statewide next year.
Plans call for expansion to three to six more cities in key areas around the United States.
Plans call for extending the concept worldwide.
Plans call for extension staff to be placed in the Philadelphia area.
Plans call for facade work on the three-story building.
Plans call for fences, landscaping, a water fountain and a picnic shelter.
Plans call for finishing the physical moving of offices during the next few weeks.
Plans call for five or six locations in South Texas over the next three years.
Plans call for focusing more on the teaching staff.
Plans call for footpaths and walkways in and around the swamp.
Plans call for fortification of development capacity through employment of more technicians.
Plans call for four additional development wells, including one currently in progress.
Plans call for four detectors to be used in the next generation of experiments.
Plans call for four of the spacecraft initially to be produced.
Plans call for fuel and dock by next summer, as well as a restaurant.
Plans call for fuel to be owned by regional consortia monitored closely by international agencies.
Plans call for furnishing antiaircraft and radar systems to the Egyptian air force.
Plans call for further expansion at a later date.
Plans call for generous fairways and large, undulating, bentgrass greens.
Plans call for glass walls, natural turf and an illuminated, retractable roof.
Plans call for holding similar CSLI programs annually in different regions of the continent.
Plans call for immediately constructing one each of four model units.
Plans call for improving retirement benefits by restoring an earlier, more generous system.
Plans call for increased capacity within the near term.
Plans call for increasing sales of canned, frozen and other processed food products.
Plans call for information to be shared electronically.
Plans call for installing septic tanks and drilling wells.
Plans call for integrating the two into one package within a year.
Plans call for introducing mechanical and electrical engineering technology programs next year.
Plans call for investments to bolster distribution centers and the domestic sales network.
Plans call for it to be a tightly controlled environment with security guards and locked doors.
Plans call for it to be aired again in the future and videotapes are available.
Plans call for it to be reopened for the summer season and be ready to go for next ski season.
Plans call for it to be used as a city park after it is cleaned up.
Plans call for it to be utilized in both regular ceramics courses and community-oriented workshops.
Plans call for it to facilitate the review and adoption of new methods.
Plans call for loading video programs onto the computer for use by individual web sites.
Plans call for making center materials available on the Internet.
Plans call for medium to upper price range of homes for the new Jackson project.
Plans call for meeting rooms on the main floor open to the general public.
Plans call for meeting rooms or offices on the main and second floors along with public use space.
Plans call for meetings to begin during the winter quarter.
Plans call for monthly updates and, eventually, online address validation for the U.S. and Canada.
Plans call for more green space in the central campus, and moving all parking to perimeter lots.
Plans call for more overseas production and procurement.
Plans call for more solar panels to be installed later at the theme park.
Plans call for more to be installed.
Plans call for more trees to be planted later, along with ferns.
Plans call for more women's groups to hopefully start later in the semester.
Plans call for most of the reorganization to take place during the summer months.
Plans call for national roll out in the fall.
Plans call for new editions to be started in other regions of the United States.
Plans call for new locations to be rented, rather than owned and maintained all year.
Plans call for offering lift service to the top of the hill.
Plans call for offices to be set up around the world.
Plans call for one hole to be CORKed as a geochemical observatory.
Plans call for one room per resident, with four residents sharing a kitchen and living room.
Plans call for other multi-family units.
Plans call for picnic tables, boat launches, trails and other amenities.
Plans call for placing the course on the web.
Plans call for plant expansion in the Spring with a doubling of square footage.
Plans call for private funding of the initial route.
Plans call for purchasing a sit ski which can be adjusted for use by both adults and children.
Plans call for rapid expansion within the next seven years.
Plans call for rebranding later.
Plans call for reclaiming the old pavement, putting down new pavement, and other incidental work.
Plans call for reconstructing the current bridge, and adding an adjacent bridge.
Plans call for regional training sessions and a statewide school safety summit.
Plans call for regrading, seeding with natural grasses, and planting native shrubs and trees.
Plans call for regular international symposia in the future.
Plans call for reinterviews in the future with the same set of people every two years.
Plans call for reintroducing the buffalo and prairie elk.
Plans call for removal of the contaminated soil.
Plans call for removing the telephone lines that led to the booth.
Plans call for renovating the building and moving the railroad museum into the freight section.
Plans call for renovation and a full calendar of film and live performances.
Plans call for replacement of the court and existing fence, with additional sidewalks to be added.
Plans call for replacing all mowers over a two year period.
Plans call for replacing the structure with a steel beam construction.
Plans call for restoration of the shoreline, boat launch and marina.
Plans call for rolling out enhanced real-estate and auto sections, followed by community news.
Plans call for rollout in the Spring of next year.
Plans call for seminar rooms, classrooms, and an international student lounge in that building.
Plans call for several group study rooms to be constructed at the north end of the second floor.
Plans call for shutting down site and company.
Plans call for sidewalks, landscaping, street lights, and, in some places, noise walls.
Plans call for single awards each year.
Plans call for six games and playoffs, all to be played in the gym because of the cold weather.
Plans call for six new elementaries.
Plans call for some housing units to be complete by the end of the year.
Plans call for Specific proposals to be submitted.
Plans call for spreading similar approaches statewide.
Plans call for stores on the first floor and offices and business incubator space above.
Plans call for subdividing that land for businesses and restaurants.
Plans call for submitting the game for regulatory approval within the next nine months.
Plans call for subsequent grades to be added each of the following three years.
Plans call for substantial pieces of artwork to be displayed in the gallery on a regular basis.
Plans call for successful alumni to be added to the campaign by next fall.
Plans call for supporting additional standards in future releases.
Plans call for taking the company public at a future date.
Plans call for tapping strengths in planning and technology-based sales to increase orders.
Plans call for testing a custom-designed meteorobot the following year.
Plans call for the addition of a deli and a small office center in the future.
Plans call for the addition of music history and appreciation and art history and appreciation.
Plans call for the addition of two more labs at the high school level.
Plans call for the addition of two-photon excitation and force microscopy technologies.
Plans call for the addition to be adjacent to the current facility.
Plans call for the airport to cover any road costs above that amount.
Plans call for the applications to be installed at all the existing design centers by year's end.
Plans call for the boat remains to be reburied in place.
Plans call for the box to be prided open and the contents shown.
Plans call for the brew pub to open in the early fall.
Plans call for the building to be in full use by the fall semester.
Plans call for the building to be the largest of any at Big Ten universities.
Plans call for the buildings to be used for general cultural purposes.
Plans call for the calendar to be ready by the end of the summer.
Plans call for the camera to be a smart, rather than dumb, camera.
Plans call for the clearing of a four-foot wide path accessible to both bikers and hikers.
Plans call for the company to build a railway line about three miles north of the small lake.
Plans call for the conference to become an annual event.
Plans call for the construction of a small bookstore near the church.
Plans call for the construction of two large commercial multi tenant buildings.
Plans call for the creation of additional features such as on-line discussions.
Plans call for the creation of an online newsgroup and perhaps weather related chat.
Plans call for the creation of five clubs around the state.
Plans call for the database to be complete within eight to ten weeks.
Plans call for the development of a computer simulated model to track water flow.
Plans call for the development of a network with either a combination of optical and coaxial cables.
Plans call for the district to have three casinos, hotels and entertainment businesses.
Plans call for the elevator cage to be the focal of a Victorian style flower garden.
Plans call for the entire crew to work together today on pavement repairs.
Plans call for the establishment of a modest presence in Mexico and Europe.
Plans call for the establishment of a planning committee.
Plans call for the establishment of additional programs in the near future.
Plans call for the European region to remain unchanged.
Plans call for the eventual ex- pansion of the network to Europe and other worldwide locations.
Plans call for the exhibit to travel to area libraries.
Plans call for the existing spa to be remodeled, and the addition to be finished by next spring.
Plans call for the facility to be much more than a gateway to online databases.
Plans call for the facility to be much more than a gateway to on-line databases.
Plans call for the facility to be self sustaining.
Plans call for the fully-owned subsidiary to oversee assets foreclosed from delinquent borrowers.
Plans call for the further diversification of operations.
Plans call for the graves to be located and individually excavated using archaeological techniques.
Plans call for the ground floor section to open onto an outside courtyard.
Plans call for the groups to sell the property and split the proceeds.
Plans call for the gym to include facilities for basketball and a portable stage.
Plans call for the high mast system to be group re-lamped to avoid burnt out lamps.
Plans call for the hiring of an executive officer and the opening of an office in the Houston area.
Plans call for the incorporation of new digitization devices.
Plans call for the installation of new seats and the modernization of the facility.
Plans call for the installation of six racks on the Newark campus and four on the Camden campus.
Plans call for the installation of the rapid chargers throughout the state.
Plans call for the live telecasts from football and basketball to be video streamed on the Internet.
Plans call for the museum to be a non-profit organization with no admission charge.
Plans call for the new main gate to be constructed of brick and wrought iron-type fencing.
Plans call for the number of stations to be doubled in the near future.
Plans call for the number of truck bays to be increased from four to six.
Plans call for the original portion of the building to be extensively remodeled.
Plans call for the page to have seasonal information and links to related sites.
Plans call for the park to have six fountains.
Plans call for the pilot program to run for three years, with a possible two-year extension.
Plans call for the post-war addition of an auditorium and gymnasium.
Plans call for the program to begin with a two-year basic science curriculum.
Plans call for the project to be managed by a freestanding non-profit corporation.
Plans call for the publication to be redesigned and made available on-line.
Plans call for the regulations to become effective before the end of the calendar year.
Plans call for the rejuvenated park to provide for both passive and active enjoyment.
Plans call for the remainder of the beltway to be open to drivers by the end of the year.
Plans call for the restaurant to expand.
Plans call for the roof to remain open until four hours before game time.
Plans call for the room to house an historical collection of medical books and medical artifacts.
Plans call for the show to expand to an hour with the addition of a few more show sponsors.
Plans call for the skyscraper to be converted into loft apartments.
Plans call for the sponsorship to be for one year with options for more.
Plans call for the staff to come from the local communities that are being served.
Plans call for the system to scale to peak performances of multiple tens of teraflops.
Plans call for the taxi stand to be well-lighted and patrolled by county police and campus police.
Plans call for the trail to grow once more property is acquired.
Plans call for the vehicles to be launched from Earth on traditional chemical rockets.
Plans call for their eventual redevelopment.
Plans call for their reports to be available on line.
Plans call for three buildings connected by glass walkways.
Plans call for three new exhibit, experiment and adventure areas.
Plans call for three restaurants and six other retailers.
Plans call for turning coal into gas, greatly reducing emissions.
Plans call for two layers of glass on the exterior chines.
Plans call for two sites near the center of the six counties.
Plans call for two skywalks to connect the three buildings.
Plans call for two space ports located in two separate states.
Plans call for up to three processes to be examined twice a year.
Plans call for using the site for parking.
Plans call for voice traffic to be migrated onto the new network over a three-year period.
Plans call for warnings to be given at first and then a citation if the hauler persists.
Plans call for wide distribution of the findings in notebook form so there can be annual updates.
Plans call for widening the bridge from three to four lanes and adding a cantilevered sidewalk.
Plans call for workshop to be held statewide.
Plans call to have scanned images of actual letters with links to their transcriptions.
Plans can also adopt stringent precertification and utilization review procedures.
Plans can also diminish negative or targeted behaviors.
Plans can be as unique as the couples themselves.
Plans can be attractive, appealing to the eye and easy to read.
Plans can be more complex, but beware of becoming overwhelmed.
Plans can be trade, getting married and having children, journalism, and all kinds of other things.
Plans can be upset.
Plans can be very effective when supported by thorough training of employees.
Plans can be very simple, or very detailed.
Plans can become dynamic living blueprints for success.
Plans can call for repayment out of future profits, sales of some or all of the assets, or a merger.
Plans can change at the last moment.
Plans can change in a big hurry.
Plans can change.
Plans CAN change.
Plans can charge a one-time fee, maintenance fee, or a combination of the two.
Plans can charge a one-time fee, maintenance fee, or a combination.
Plans can charge patients extra if they go to a non-network provider.
Plans can cut congestion around a site, and save money on business travel.
Plans can go astray because of outdated, flawed, or forgotten assumptions.
Plans can have many different types of decisions.
Plans can include a variety of force packages to respond to the scenarios.
Plans can make their credentialing criteria so extensive they weed out tons of providers.
Plans can no longer place dollar limits on mental health treatment.
Plans can offer supplemental packages of benefits separately priced.
Plans can receive up to four stars for each category.
Plans can refuse to cover or charge extra for non-network provider.
Plans can take a variety of forms to suit the particular site.
Plans can thwart electronic claims submissions by requiring paper attachments.
Plans casework and coordinates work assignments.
Plans center on tax cuts only about one-sixth as large as last year's.
Plans change frequently now.
Plans change people forget.
Plans check fees are payable upon submission of plans, based upon estimated valuation.
Plans come complete with instructions and dimensions for the sail.
Plans come in a binder with a personalized log and supplementary training information.
Plans come in different shapes and sizes.
Plans come in various formats depending on the level of detail required.
Plans come with both a ketch and cutter rig sail plan.
Plans come with option for laminate top.
Plans commitment ceremonies.
Plans consist of serial procedures of actions and are abstracted from experi ence.
Plans contain parameters and commands.
Plans continue apace for the building of a church.
Plans continue for building an international campaign in solidarity with banana plantation workers.
Plans continue for the new fine arts building.
Plans continue physical improvements to the building.
Plans continue to develop.
Plans continue to identify ways to improve judging.
Plans coordinate and monitor the manufacture of products at various institutions.
Plans cover all legal situations.
Plans cover articles for two to four issues per year.
Plans cover only one entry per contract holder for each meal period.
Plans cover trip cancellation, lost baggage, and emergency medical assistance.
Plans currently call for several bridges to link the two islands.
Plans curriculum based on contextual factors.
Plans demonstrate understanding of academic instruction.
Plans describe the individual supports and services provided to people.
Plans develops and monitors compliance projects involving difficult multiple tax issues.
Plans die in drawers.
Plans differ depending on the amount of webspace needed.
Plans differ in amount and type of data collected and in degree of supervision.
Plans differ in the way physicians are compensated.
Plans differ in their philosophy about what is necessary.
Plans differ primarily by the way their claims are processed and paid by the insurer.
Plans differ so does payment.
Plans differ widely in how they treat psychotherapy benefits.
Plans differ, however, with regard to the mix of child health professionals used.
Plans disease control program.
Plans display the locations and findspots of the inscriptions.
Plans diversification away from dependence on cast molds for steel and rolled products.
Plans divide each estuary into a number of different zones or areas called management units.
Plans do change, and it is OK to cancel.
Plans do change, so check with the site periodically.
Plans do change.
Plans do neither.
Plans document their performance in a range of quality areas.
Plans don t accomplish anything, either.
Plans don t always turn out as designed, like they did during the Gulf War.
Plans donate their direct administrative expenses.
Plans drawn up for the millennium include the establishment of a voluntary donor list.
Plans earn from zero to four stars in five key areas, as well as an overall accreditation decision.
Plans entering the market succeed or fail on the basis of enrollment.
Plans established earlier have stricter union participation rules.
Plans exist and activities have begun for scaling up to a higher or sustainable level.
Plans exist for a second edition, as well as the continued availability of the electronic version.
Plans exist for a shopping street, pubs, more restaurants and even a museum.
Plans exist for a student branch, student conference, chapter and subsection or section formation.
Plans exist for expanding and connecting reserves.
Plans exist for the extension of modularisation to the MSc programmes and the BTEC courses.
Plans exist for the site to be used in family education, also.
Plans exist for two new nuclear power plants on the Kola Peninsula.
Plans exist to add new sites each year.
Plans exist to build carrier neutral telehouse facilities in Mexico, Argentina, Chile and Venezuela.
Plans exist to emphasise the necessity of birth control, vital if poverty is to lessen.
Plans exist to fiberlink all the major departments.
Plans exist to include a doctor on duty into the staff and also to organize a surgery room.
Plans exist to penetrate markets in the Middle East, the U.S., Canada and Japan in the near future.
Plans exist to port leJOS to more small devices.
Plans exist to redefine soil-based zoning and to rewrite our subdivision regulations.
Plans exist to release a DVD at some time in the near future.
Plans exist to run the ferry daily beginning next Spring.
Plans exist to trim more administrative positions.
Plans exist to use Zeppelins to lift heavy weights.
Plans fail for lack of counsel but with many advisors, succeed.
Plans fail for lack of counsel, but with many advisers they succeed.
Plans fail for lack of counsel, but with many advisors they succeed.
Plans fail to ensure that all enrollees obtain routine physicals.
Plans Find the funding to hire an additional full-time staff member.
Plans fit the needs of the individual.
Plans form actions .
Plans generally cover all full-time employees within an occupational classification.
Plans generally furnish the provider directory when members sign up.
Plans give all versions of rig and keel configurations.
Plans give complete instructions for building a custom designed deck and spa.
Plans give either centreboard or bilge keel versions.
Plans give the source for purchasing the fans.
Plans go awry.
Plans go even further into future.
Plans go out the window.
Plans go smoothly although there is minor opposition indicated.
Plans go through a formal draft stage where they are open for public submission.
Plans going awry is soooo familiar an experience.
Plans have a high mortality rate.
Plans have a way of changing, however.
Plans have deck layouts, constructional drawings and all frames are fully drawn.
Plans have dental services, eyeglasses and family planning as well.
Plans have directives.
Plans have execution flexibility start times and durations are ranges.
Plans have option for built-in seat, or ala natural as shown.
Plans have to be abolished or postponed.
Plans have to be cancelled at the last minute because of illness or treatments.
Plans have to be changed and postponed because of the weather.
Plans have to be drawn showing the underground route of the conduit for each of the utilities.
Plans have to be finalized and deposits made based on numbers attending.
Plans have to be made, ports have to be rearranged for port calls.
Plans have yet to be announced.
Plans have yet to be finalized for an opening ceremony, but two ceremonies are planned.
Plans help achieve retirement goals.
Plans help build anticipation long before loneliness sets in.
Plans help determine what needs to happen and when.
Plans however are underway to expand the program on an on-going basis.
Plans identify appropriate uses for each management unit.
Plans identify major issues and priorities for the institution.
Plans incorporate a scale.
Plans indicate frequent opportunities for writing specific to subject areas.
Plans indicate general topics and the appropriate grade level.
Plans indicate room numbers of the third floor.
Plans indicate the removal of the dedication trees.
Plans initially call for rambler-style homes.
Plans instruct the sustainable harvesting and replacement of trees.
Plans internship, career, and graduate school meetings for undergraduate majors.
Plans involve production and profitability targets, cash flows, etc.
Plans involving more than two annual payments are subject to administrative fees.
Plans jointly consider physical improvements, social integration and economic opportunities.
Plans laid for weeks, go up in flames because of the wind.
Plans lay idle for almost twenty years.
Plans lead to actions and outcomes.
Plans list all materials necessary, and step by step instructions.
Plans listed above are full-time.
Plans listed are HMOs unless noted.
Plans listed below are subject to change without notice.
Plans made in the morning often change by the afternoon, as news is always happening.
Plans make the future happen.
Plans materialize in a workable manner.
Plans matter, and so too do personalities, from sergeants and lieutenants to commanding generals.
Plans menu, prepares and serves food for band camps and on tour.
Plans menus and assists in requisitioning and purchasing of food products.
Plans menus and prepares food and snacks for morning coffee and lunch.
Plans menus to to increase marketability and contain costs.
Plans menus with the responsibility for substituting items when necessary.
Plans menus, estimate consumption, and cooking food often times in hotels and restaurants.
Plans menus, maintaining nutritional balance.
Plans never work.
Plans now are for the document to be revised in the near future.
Plans now are to do the renovation in stages, three floors at a time.
Plans now are to propose a minor in the future.
Plans now are underway to test the effectiveness of the drops in humans.
Plans now call for returning the space occupied by the north reservoir to public park land.
Plans now call for the kitchen to stay the same size and continue in the same location.
Plans offer a variety of products based on what the enrollee or employer contributes.
Plans offered here are for the previously unpublished and vastly improved production chassis.
Plans organizes and implements all athletic programs and leagues.
Plans own work and the work of others, initiates and leads engineering design programs.
Plans pay different percentages of the cost of various services.
Plans pictured above are available through website.
Plans prefer to devote their resources to the care of their members.
Plans prevent confusion and encourage efficiency and safety.
Plans provide a way to control long or short term campaigns.
Plans provide an overview of the work to be done.
Plans range from a fixed number of hours per month to unlimited access.
Plans range from basic to full e-commerce hosting solutions.
Plans range from easy to build to moderately difficult.
Plans range from hospital only through to comprehensive plans.
Plans range from improving students electronic access to promoting civic responsibility.
Plans range from lights and dive computer interfaces to diver propulsion vehicles and rebreathers.
Plans range from simple starter homes to more luxurious homes for urban or rural living.
Plans range from simple to complex and generally tend to be unusual.
Plans range from traditional publishing to straight purchase.
Plans re community activities.
Plans receive accolades from investors.
Plans reflect community values.
Plans regarding test criteria for the Rehabilitation system are complete.
Plans regarding the many loss-making public enterprises are unclear.
Plans regarding the test criteria for the Rehabilitation system are complete.
Plans remain the same as last reported.
Plans remain to restructure or partially privatize government parastatals.
Plans reportedly call for adding another one million square feet to the building.
Plans require a PE stamp.
Plans require relocating the employee lounge area.
Plans requiring second opinions or precertification prior to hospital admission are common.
Plans review is another aspect of fire prevention.
Plans review of health care facilities to ensure code compliance for the type of care given.
Plans route and computes ticket cost, using schedules, rate books, and computer terminals.
Plans route for daily inspections.
Plans schedule and use of space with assistance of staff.
Plans schedule to coordinate activities of construction, sewing room, and production workers.
Plans seem to be to create a forum for government and opposition press releases as well.
Plans show a near duplication of the original front elevation.
Plans show two more proposed expansions in addition to the current one.
Plans show typical layout for radio control.
Plans show where the faculty and university wish to head on the teaching front.
Plans sponsored by state and local government are also subject to state law.
Plans squad operations for the shift.
Plans stack space for books.
Plans start from Rs.
Plans start to be discussed.
Plans still are subject to change.
Plans tend to be more complicated and layering is more critical.
Plans tend to go awry when it's chunked down to individual and individually-controlled actions.
Plans therefore call for such material to be disposed of off-site as radioactive waste.
Plans typically require participants to pay off their loans when they separate from service.
Plans undergo second plan check.
Plans used in actual practice usually contain more information.
Plans vary according to hours of coverage, response time, and level of technical support needed.
Plans vary based on the speed and certain user restrictions.
Plans vary by location.
Plans vary depending on the frequency of faxes sent.
Plans vary from one provider to the next in terms of cost and coverage.
Plans vary in features such as cost, providers, services, and quality of care.
Plans vary on how they provide after-hours care.
Plans vary widely, and it is wise to do some research before purchasing any long-term care policy.
Plans vary with the companies, but they make investing very easy.
Plans vary, so get details on each company plan.
Plans work according to established procedures.
Plans work according to library schedule or standard routine.
Plans work according to standard procedure and by library or maintenance schedule.
Plans work activities in the designated unit to ensure smooth and effective operation.
Plans work assignments for staff.
Plans work details and determines location and type of work to be done.
Plans work flow of agency including staffing for effective public service.
Plans work flow of assigned clerical tasks or function.
Plans work schedule, identifies priorities and submits a weekly itinerary proposal.
Plans work schedules for all in-house maintenance activities.
Plans work schedules for laboratory personnel.
Plans work schedules to ensure adequate service.
Plans work, reports on activities.
Plans workshops to develop and update course content.
Plans worship services and supports music programs.
Plans frequently are compromise settlements , extension agreements or liquidating plans .
Plans often focus exclusively on logging.
Plans often go amiss.
Plans often involve multiple agencies in coordinated efforts to serve local needs.
Plans often provide a schedule whereby the manager's rights to payouts are vested over time.
Plans often wind up in the courts.
Plans usually allow for the reinvestment of dividends and additional optional cash investments.
Plans usually take a month or two to complete.
All plans allow international roaming access at ten cents per minute.
All plans apply to Linux , Cobalt and co - located servers.
All plans are available for purchase.
All plans are available for reseller discount.
All plans are available mirror image, right reading at no extra charge.
All plans are available to alumni, their spouses and their families.
All plans are available to members, their spouses and their families.
All plans are contingent on the amount of funding received.
All plans are contributory for all levels of coverage and offer vision and pharmacy benefits.
All plans are different.
All plans are easy to set up and modify.
All plans are equally reliable and secure.
All plans are evanescent, and yet still so difficult to make.
All plans are feasible from an engineering, environmental and economic standpoint.
All plans are flexible.
All plans are for a minimum of one year.
All plans are for presentation only.
All plans are full sized and in complete detail.
All plans are good for as long as the site is in business.
All plans are hardware upgradeable.
All plans are minimum quarterly billing.
All plans are now available in metric dimensions with metric materials.
All plans are original design.
All plans are per semester unless otherwise stated.
All plans are permit and construction ready.
All plans are subject to a one-year contract.
All plans are subject to approval by the DNR forester.
All plans are subject to change.
All plans are subject to credit approval.
All plans are tax-free.
All plans are tenative and subject to change.
All plans are tentative and few commitments are yet in hand.
All plans are tentative and subject to change.
All plans are tentative and subject to revision.
All plans are to be drawn to scale.
All plans are upgradeable.
All plans are, of course, tentative.
All plans begin with a mission.
All plans can be customizable with any of our regular services.
All plans carry a prescription card.
All plans come in a rolled tube.
All plans come with a free cell phone.
All plans come with free pop email addresses and much free software.
All plans come with generous allotments of monthly bandwidth.
All plans come with three-car garages.
All plans cover connection to the Internet using modems and regular phone lines.
All plans cover ordinary wear beyond the manufacturer's specifications and tolerances.
All plans cover stays in a skilled nursing facility.
All plans cover usage by all teachers, students and teachers at a school.
All plans emphasize contemporary clinical practices.
All plans feature unlimited miles.
All plans have a one-time set up fee .
All plans have a prescription plan with a co-pay.
All plans have a requisite blacksmithing skill to be learned and produced.
All plans have an individual plan number.
All plans have details and a materials list.
All plans have in-depth instructions and illustrations.
All plans have it at no additional fee.
All plans have tradeoffs.
All plans limit some services, such as mental health care and home health care.
All plans meet high school graduation requirements.
All plans offer a co-payment prescription plan.
All plans offer a wide variety of deductible and coinsurance options as well as a co-pay drug card.
All plans offer access to thousands of newsgroups.
All plans offer an optional non-forfeiture benefit to policyholders.
All plans offer rates for self, self and one dependent and for family.
All plans provide a full range of services.
All plans provide a Web address, e-mail boxes, disk space, monthly data transfer and support.
All plans provide benefits for total disability.
All plans provide for consultations on most personal legal matters.
All plans provide hospitalization, physician and pharmaceutical coverage.
All plans provide prescription drug coverage.
All plans receive capitated payments for both inpatient and outpatient services.
All plans require a minimum, one year contract unless noted.
All plans require a substantial co-payment and cap benefits.
All plans require patients to pay some money when they get care.
All plans use the same five high-year average monthly salary when computing benefits.
All plans use various factors in determining the benefit amount.
All plans vary, so be sure to check.
All plans work.
Any plan affecting seniors is hugely important to the drug industry.
Any plan has to be agreed upon by the parties.
Any plan is better than no plan at all.
Any plan is better than no plan.
Any plan is subject to change.
Every plan begins with inspiration.
Every plan begins with the creation of specific investment goals.
Every plan eventually becomes outdated.
Every plan goes awry.
Every plan has a bar for each survey topic.
Every plan has a different certificate because the benefits under each plan are different.
Every plan has a slightly different definition of medical necessity in contract .
Every plan has different rules and requirements.
Every plan is an action plan.
Every plan is based on good balanced nutrition and medically and scientifically sound principles.
Every plan is designed and overseen by the head of the firm.
Every plan is unique and every plan is different.
Every plan maximizes the productivity, efficiency and learning derived from previous campaigns.
Every plan needs a realistic set of financials.
Every plan needs justification for the initiatives proposed.
Every plan needs the use of pawns at some point.
Many plans often have a year-end reserve fund to account for deficit periods.
Many plans allow for financial hardship distributions.
Many plans allow other family members or friends to contribute to the account.
Many plans also charge loan processing and administrative fees.
Many plans also have lifetime caps on in-hospital care.
Many plans are also available to students who receive aid but require additional assistance.
Many plans are available from our network of agents across America.
Many plans are in line for additional growth.
Many plans are only available through membership in the associations indicated.
Many plans are original factory drawings.
Many plans are overlong, lack marketing content and fail to engage the reader's interest.
Many plans are spin-offs of federally funded community health centers.
Many plans are still in the mindset that having an Internet presence is just an added cost.
Many plans ask enrollees to pay a fixed sum of money toward each bill.
Many plans assume too much familiarity with agency programs on the part of the reader.
Many plans contain exhaustive lists of resources.
Many plans cover all natural disasters except floods.
Many plans cover examinations and preventive care more fully than restorative services.
Many plans cover routine services like wills, powers of attorney and closings.
Many plans do, however, cover surgical sterilization for both men and women.
Many plans exclude pre-existing conditions from coverage.
Many plans exclude the most expensive hospitals altogether.
Many plans feature expansion and bonus room options, as well as walk-out garden levels.
Many plans have at least one year of experience managing external review programs.
Many plans have cash flow problems.
Many plans have different rates for long-distance calls and for calling on nights and weekends.
Many plans have minimum and maximum additional investment amounts.
Many plans have toll-free telephone numbers.
Many plans manage patients' chronic health problems through disease management programs.
Many plans offer a menu of options, with varying deductibles and copayments.
Many plans offer additional state tax incentives.
Many plans offer wellness programs such as stress management and stop-smoking classes.
Many plans overwhelm the organization by placing all work plan items within the first two years.
Many plans present unrealistic expectations.
Many plans propose diverting two percent of a worker's salary to an individual account.
Many plans provide a formula for an employer matching contribution to the plan.
Many plans provide eligible family members coverage at no cost or at a low monthly contribution.
Many plans provide payments only in annuity form.
Many plans provide that an employee remains eligible for coverage only while actively employed.
Many plans provide two years of benefits.
Many plans require that the individual's primary care doctor make a formal referral to a specialist.
Many plans restrict physicians from disclosing incentives to limit patient care.
Many plans use standardized guidelines, developed by outside organizations.
Many plans use standards compiled by private companies based on experts they chose.
More plans are available for higher volumes.
More plans are in the works to develop a strong national network of young go players.
More plans are in the works to make the church truly barrier-free.
More plans are in the works to return soon.
Most plan allow employees to submit documentation for up to three months following the year end.
Most plans allow access once hearings have been completed.
Most plans allow for optional cash investments and the sale of plan shares.
Most plans allow for the grant of both nonqualified stock options and incentive stock options.
Most plans allow investors to purchase additional shares monthly or weekly.
Most plans allow only medication or medication with limited therapy.
Most plans allow pretax contributions and tax-deferred account earnings.
Most plans allow the funds to be transferred to another family member.
Most plans also have a laundry area.
Most plans also have their own physician credentialing process.
Most plans also outline priorities for international technical cooperation.
Most plans appear to be simple, and for the most part they are.
Most plans apply a penalty if a non-participating pharmacy is used within the service area.
Most plans are about one megabyte, a couple plans are more than two megabytes.
Most plans are attempts to control health care costs through controlling access to services.
Most plans are available for viewing on the computers.
Most plans are in the form of mutual funds, stock options, bonds, and other long-term investments.
Most plans are just inaccurate predictions.
Most plans are level premium contracts.
Most plans are like that.
Most plans are now complete while the rest remain on schedule for completion.
Most plans are on hold.
Most plans are out of that business.
Most plans are revocable and can be changed if desired.
Most plans are the product of joint working by the authority and force.
Most plans are versatile so that rooms can be added.
Most plans ask employees to manage their own investments.
Most plans buy stock for shareholders every month.
Most plans call for two top plate layers.
Most plans charge a nominal co-pay for doctors' visits.
Most plans combine price and benefits in favor of the employer.
Most plans conduct their own satisfaction surveys.
Most plans cover at least preventive and diagnostic care.
Most plans cover eye illness or injury, and some cover regular eye examinations.
Most plans cover only medically necessary services.
Most plans cover prescriptions, dental services and eyeglasses at little or no extra charge.
Most plans cover similar benefits, but the differences are in the details.
Most plans end up in a file cabinet once some funding comes in.
Most plans exclude coverage of structural elements in the house and pre-existing conditions.
Most plans feature a full range of objectives.
Most plans feature reduced premiums.
Most plans generally pay for skilled home health services with a cost-sharing provision.
Most plans have a five-year repayment window.
Most plans have a five-year window for repaying loans.
Most plans have a prescription drug option.
Most plans have a provider directory that lists the pharmacies in the network.
Most plans have administrators who manage the retirement funds.
Most plans have annual caps and some have a schedule of benefits.
Most plans have at least one bond fund.
Most plans have maternity benefits and prescription benefits.
Most plans have no deductibles and have low co-payments for each visit.
Most plans have options for businesses with one or more employees.
Most plans have several levels of appeal.
Most plans have specific hospital and emergency room preferences.
Most plans involve no medical underwriting.
Most plans levy fees required by law.
Most plans make provision for bonus time.
Most plans now offer pretty wide roaming areas.
Most plans offer a variety of plans.
Most plans offer additional services such as prescription drugs and eyeglasses.
Most plans offer home delivery of prescription medications.
Most plans offered are available to businesses with two or more employees.
Most plans only allow reload function through the use of stock swaps.
Most plans only charge a small copay amount for each doctor visit.
Most plans pay for prescriptions.
Most plans pay the monthly annuity into an account that is credited with a fixed rate of interest.
Most plans provide basic medical coverage, but the details are what count.
Most plans provide basic medical coverage, but the details are what counts.
Most plans provide basic preventative health care coverage, but the details are what counts.
Most plans provide basic preventative health-care coverage, but the details are what counts.
Most plans provide coverage for emergency medical conditions.
Most plans provide limited scientific research on the safety and effectiveness of their plan.
Most plans provide some coverage for psychological conditions.
Most plans rely on a package of taxes including a statewide property tax.
Most plans remain in force only while the insured remains a member of the association.
Most plans require authorization prior to seeking treatment.
Most plans require individuals to own at least one share of the company before they can enroll.
Most plans require only one share.
Most plans require that members make a copayment when they pick up their prescription.
Most plans require that the request be in writing.
Most plans specify confirming all dimensions onsite.
Most plans still permit Iowa and New Hampshire to kick off the process.
Most plans tend to focus on the commercial side, which represents the larger number of enrollees.
Most plans use general practitioners, internists and pediatricians as primary care providers.
Some plans allow beneficiaries to convert group health coverage to an individual policy.
Some plans allow employees to borrow against their money, with interest.
Some plans allow employees to choose a combination of the two options.
Some plans allow employees to pay the exercise price in forms other than cash.
Some plans allow employees to stray from company-picked options.
Some plans allow for after-tax contributions.
Some plans allow for no initial payment with the balance financed over three years.
Some plans allow hundreds of free minutes every month as an incentive.
Some plans allow investments in employer stock.
Some plans allow limited faxing.
Some plans allow providers to bill patients for services plan determines to be non-emergent.
Some plans allow shareholders to purchase additional shares at a discount to the market price.
Some plans also allow employees to make additional after-tax contributions.
Some plans also allow hardship withdrawals for other reasons.
Some plans also charge a landline fee, a fee for a call made to any regular telephone.
Some plans also cover child-care expenses for their employees.
Some plans also cover missionaries.
Some plans also cover prescription drugs.
Some plans also cover prescriptions and vision care.
Some plans also cover the cost of returning home in case of an emergency.
Some plans also have different pre-existing condition restrictions.
Some plans also have members pay a small co-payment for each visit.
Some plans also have minimum ages for eligibility.
Some plans also offer five-cent rates evenings and weekends.
Some plans also offer spousal and family benefits.
Some plans also offer the option of making exchanges online.
Some plans also pay a bonus to cover the tax due.
Some plans also permit non-deductible contributions.
Some plans also provide higher dispensing fees for generics.
Some plans are a bit higher, some are a bit lower, depending upon the tax schedule for that plan.
Some plans are already underway.
Some plans are also available to individuals.
Some plans are anti-growth.
Some plans are available to non-California residents.
Some plans are better for solos, others better for doctors in a group.
Some plans are definite.
Some plans are happy to oblige.
Some plans are more comprehensive than others.
Some plans are more effective than others are.
Some plans are only available in a few states.
Some plans are possibly suitable for actual construction.
Some plans are quite intimidating.
Some plans are specific to zip codes.
Some plans are subject to an open enrollment period.
Some plans are tax-efficient.
Some plans are terribly restrictive.
Some plans are to reduce the level of flooding experienced there so more land can be used.
Some plans are versatile so that bonus rooms can be added.
Some plans are voluntary, while others require employees to participate.
Some plans call for the highway to cut through the county.
Some plans can be purely mechanical.
Some plans can illustrate payment schedules before applying.
Some plans change the rate more frequently than they change the payments.
Some plans charge a low monthly rate with a high per-minute fee for every call.
Some plans charge by the minute, others by the number of characters transmitted.
Some plans charge different amounts for refills, select drugs and mail orders.
Some plans clearly are better than others, as our reader survey shows.
Some plans compensate their primary-care providers with a set monthly fee for each enrolled patient.
Some plans consider one borough a local area, while other plans include the entire East Coast.
Some plans contain a great amount of detail, others just one or two measurements.
Some plans cover acupuncture through a network of preferred providers.
Some plans cover additional items, like extra days in the hospital.
Some plans cover extras, like extra days in the hospital.
Some plans cover extras, like prescription drugs.
Some plans cover injuries but offer only limited benefits for illness-related disabilities.
Some plans cover the test only for people who already have osteoporosis.
Some plans define the precise steps to be taken and the resources to be used.
Some plans deny coverage for treatments considered experimental.
Some plans do allow voluntary after-tax contributions.
Some plans do permit loans.
Some plans do provide permanent insurance.
Some plans even allow the donors to take the accounts back.
Some plans even cover children under age nine for free with newborns covered from birth.
Some plans even eliminate the copayment for well care visits as an added incentive.
Some plans even offer discounts on amenities like facials.
Some plans even offer luxurious main level master suites.
Some plans even offer unlimited usage.
Some plans exclude certain procedures while others provide benefits for all dental services.
Some plans exclude procedures, while others provide benefits for all dental services.
Some plans exclude psychological illnesses in general, or eating disorders in particular.
Some plans explicitly exclude such treatments.
Some plans extend beyond the borders of the United States.
Some plans feature additional butler's pantries.
Some plans feature circular stairways, hexagonal breakfast rooms and master suite sitting rooms.
Some plans focus on a single species, others cover hundreds of species.
Some plans focus on improving behavior.
Some plans have as many as three exterior design options to choose from.
Some plans have dental and vision coverage options.
Some plans have different rates for different time periods or for different days of the week.
Some plans have exclusive contracts with one group of specialists in each geographic area.
Some plans have interest rate caps.
Some plans have limited enrolment periods.
Some plans have limits on the number of hours of representation or the types of matters covered.
Some plans have minimal copayments for prescriptions and doctor visits.
Some plans have more than one ordinance.
Some plans have no provision for passing proceeds to anyone other than a married spouse.
Some plans have or are developing additional programs focused on members with chronic disease.
Some plans have or are developing the members enrolled in the plan.
Some plans have per diem caps on fees.
Some plans have premium payback benefits.
Some plans have rate or payment caps.
Some plans have very low per minute rates but high monthly fees.
Some plans have web sites listing clinic numbers.
Some plans impose other requirements as well.
Some plans invest very conservatively, which usually means lower returns.
Some plans limit enrollment to certain employee groups.
Some plans limit referral to specialists.
Some plans limit referrals to specialists.
Some plans limit school choice to within the state.
Some plans limit use to urgent care centers in their network .
Some plans make contributions the contingent on the profits of the business.
Some plans match contributions only in company stock.
Some plans now offer state-tax benefits.
Some plans offer a sitting room in the master suite, a maid's room and a conservatory.
Some plans offer a volume guarantee in return for accepting capitated fees.
Some plans offer add-on options to basic policies.
Some plans offer an optional super family room, a study or home office.
Some plans offer bike helmets and child safety seats at a discount.
Some plans offer dental or vision options.
Some plans offer enrollment and payment via the Internet.
Some plans offer excess options and premium payback benefits.
Some plans offer free nights and weekends with higher per-call rates during peak periods.
Some plans offer incentives to encourage key employees to remain loyal, reducing turnover.
Some plans offer inflation protection.
Some plans offer many, while others offer none.
Some plans offer matching dollars.
Some plans offer members health education and preventive care, but services differ.
Some plans offer no protection against inflation.
Some plans offer optional dental modules.
Some plans offer unlimited benefits.
Some plans only cover tuition.
Some plans pay all, some pay part, and others pay nothing at all.
Some plans pay for elective after-hours care while others cover emergencies only.
Some plans pay the law firms directly.
Some plans pay under certain conditions.
Some plans permit additional contributions from after-tax compensation.
Some plans permit additional employee contributions while some only permit employer contributions.
Some plans permit direct loan, hardship loan, disability loan provisions.
Some plans place a cap on certain contested matters beyond which the member pays.
Some plans post the formulary on the Internet at the plan s Web site.
Some plans promise lower prices, special discounts, and better benefits.
Some plans provide a broad experience of interrelated study.
Some plans provide a fixed income.
Some plans provide fixed income to the donor, others a variable income.
Some plans provide for a downstairs master bedroom suite, walkout basement, rear deck and loft.
Some plans provide for arbitration as a means of appeal.
Some plans provide for continued benefits to or contributions on behalf of disabled employees.
Some plans provide for fixed rate interest.
Some plans provide for the purchase of additional shares at a deiscount to market price.
Some plans provide for the purchase of additional shares at a discount to market price.
Some plans provide services only in specific zip codes within a county.
Some plans provide vision, dental, and other additional benefits.
Some plans provide websites .
Some plans provide, or permit the employee to elect, life insurance for spouses or other dependents.
Some plans raise the retirement age.
Some plans recognize the concept in their enabling documents.
Some plans recommend the addition of a fiber product to the diet.
Some plans rely on third-party arbitration to resolve difficult problems.
Some plans require a copayment for each routine doctor visit.
Some plans require a co-payment for medical visits.
Some plans require a minimum monthly payment to stay activated.
Some plans require a waiting period before the treatment for that condition is paid for.
Some plans require acceleration of the option upon sale or merger of the company.
Some plans require an annual deductible as well as a copay for covered services.
Some plans require an individual to take many education courses while beginning to teach.
Some plans require enrollees to submit to binding arbitration of grievances.
Some plans require less than five years.
Some plans restrict the list to doctors in a specific organization.
Some plans return all premiums paid if no diagnosis of illness has ever been made.
Some plans reward members when they have a big team, some when they have a small team.
Some plans sign up doctors simply to boost their numbers.
Some plans simply facilitate patient transitions between the acute and long-term care settings.
Some plans spend nothing, while other plans spend millions of dollars per year.
Some plans tilt more than others towards certain withdrawal options.
Some plans use incentives or pressure to keep physicians from prescribing nonformulary drugs.
Every planar graph can be edge-partitioned into two outerplanar graphs.
Every planar graph has an edge partition into two outerplanar graphs.
Every planar map is four colorable.
Planar transistors lend themselves well to mass production.
Planaria are flat little worms that live in water and look like tiny arrows.
Planaria are free-living .
Planaria are free-living.
Planaria are freshwater predators and scavengers.
Planaria can live for up to three months without food.
Planaria can only move again a solid surface like a stone, stick or leaf.
Planaria can reproduce both sexually and asexually.
Planaria has rudimentary eyes which produce no images but detect direction.
Planaria have an extensible pharynx located near their middle that they use to take in food.
Planaria have eyespots to detect light.
Planaria have two tiny eyes on the head.
Planaria live in both saltwater and freshwater.
Planaria live independently in water.
Planaria provide food for larger animals.
Planaria receive oxygen and release carbon dioxide by diffusion.
Some planaria can even switch between the sexual and asexual forms.
Planarian flatworms have both sexually and asexually reproducing types.
Planarian regeneration does have clear differences, however.
A planarian is a platyhelminth
Planarians also reproduce asexually by fragmentation.
Planarians also reproduce asexually.
Planarians are also an emerging model organism for aging research .
Planarians are carnivorous eating both living and dead organic matter.
Planarians are familiar and common freshwater forms.
Planarians are flatworms.
Planarians are free-living flatworms, and have a much simpler life history.
Planarians are hermaphroditic, possessing complete male and female systems.
Planarians are non-parasitic flatworms, using cilia for mobility.
Planarians are notorious for their abilities of regeneration.
Planarians are usually either carnivorous or scavengers.
Planarians can also reproduce asexually by fragmentation.
Planarians can also reproduce sexually.
Planarians can be amusing and undemanding ani- mals to keep and to watch.
Planarians can be quite difficult to eliminate.
Planarians dislike bright lights and open spaces, but with training they can learn to ignore it.
Planarians feed through a mouth on their ventral surface.
Planarians have a diverticulum.
Planarians have a pair of dark pigment cup ocelli , or eyespots.
Planarians have both ovaries and testes.
Planarians have light-sensitive eyespots and centralized nerve nets.
Planarians have more sense organs and a more complex brain than the other turbellarians.
Planarians have specialized cells called flame cells are used for excretion.
Planarians hide under rocks, leaves, and debris to avoid light.
Planarians live on the undersurfaces of rocks in freshwater ponds and streams.
Planarians move by gliding over a slime track that is secreted by the marginal adhesive glands.
Planarians move like other worms do.
Planarians reproduce both sexually and asexually.
Planarians show remarkable powers of re- generation.
Most planarians have a spaded head with a tapered caudal tail.
Some planarians reproduce sexually, others asexually, and some are capable of both.
Plane changes are the most fuel-expensive orbit adjustments that can be made.
Plane crashes happen.
Plane crashes have their own immutable power and mythology.
Plane Crashes Plumb the mysteries of high-flying mishaps.
Plane crashes suck regardless.
Plane crashs are plane crashs.
Plane crashs are vehicular accidents.
Some plane crashes kill members.
Every plane curve has at least four vertices.
A plane figure is a figure
Plane figures made of lines are called polygons.
Plane geometry is assumed.
Plane geometry is different from spherical geometry, for example.
Plane geometry is geometry
Plane geometry is geometry.
Plane geometry is recommended.
Plane geometry is taught as an axiomatic system.
Plane joint means two adjoining surfaces in parallel planes.
Plane mirrors can only have virtual images, to get a real image one needs curved mirrors.
Plane mirrors have symmetry.
Most plane mirrors have symmetry.
Plane of reference is mean low water.
Plane one takes a time to get to the collision point.
A plane section is an area
Plane sections remain plane.
Plane spotters can have a ball as the airport is close by.
A plane ticket is a ticket
Plane tickets are always current because the chase is a matter of life and death.
Plane tickets are big-ticket items that travelers are delighted to research online.
Plane tickets are documents.
Plane tickets are inexpensive and more comfortable than long train rides.
Plane tickets are located in airports.
Plane tickets are located in briefcases.
Plane tickets are located in pockets.
Plane tickets are tickets.
Plane tickets are used for bribery.
Plane tickets are used for coachs.
Plane tickets are used for collecting information.
Plane tickets are used for first classes.
Plane tickets are used for flying.
Plane tickets are used for travel.
Plane tickets are used for travelling.
Plane tickets are very expensive.
Plane Tickets Call around.
A plane tree is a tree
Plane tree leaves a cause of seasonal asthma and hay fever.
Plane trees stand pruning, even severe pruning, well.
Plane warts appear as slightly elevated papules with an irregular contour and smooth surface.
Plane warts are small, smooth warts on the face, usually in children.
Plane waves are the simplest solutions to the wave equation.
Plane waves are unbounded and constant in two dimensions and propagate along a third dimension.
A plane is an aircraft
Plane add beneath none harbor indeed wrote cheerleading and dance.
Plane add beneath none harbor indeed wrote fatal exposure.
Plane add beneath none harbor indeed wrote general omar bradley.
Plane add beneath none harbor indeed wrote sammo hung movies.
Plane also uses very powereful jet engine to pushes itself forward.
Plane comes with an attached black cord for hanging from the ceiling.
Plane coordinate systems local grids, that is, the user defines starting point.
Plane coordinate values.
Plane crashes Plane crashes, glitches, emergencies, etc.
Plane cuts through a wall of whiteness outsides.
Plane fare to and from the host country is also the responsibility of the student.
Plane fare to and from the host country is the responsibility of the student.
Plane figure A two-dimensional figure that lies entirely within a single plane.
Plane filled with emergency humanitarian supplies departs Israel for Albania and Macedonia.
Plane flys extremely well.
Plane gets shot down, the guy says.
Plane Has length and width but no thickness.
Plane has panels removed for maintenance just aft of the engine.
Plane indeed crashes, but they soon realize that death always bats a thousand.
Plane is defined by point and normal.
Plane is in good condition, no breaks or cracks.
Plane is in top shape.
Plane is wood, can be painted.
Plane isa aircraft.
Plane leaves after hour and half.
Plane leaves in an hour.
Plane leaves tomorrow morning.
Plane loses altitude and hits motorway embankment.
Plane needs a good cleaning.
Plane powers up, regains altitude.
Plane push along many optics.
Plane remains the only way to get out of the town.
Plane rides for a fee.
Plane starts to sink.
Plane sweep algorithms.
Plane takes off represent a high technical standard.
Plane taxis back to the gate.
Plane then crashes with total destruction and death.
Plane uses wings that are shaped more efficiently for areo-dynamic lift.
Planes also get loud.
Planes also help fill holes in stock in a hurry.
Planes are a big problem with wide field exposures.
Planes are a bit more complicated since they're treated as hemispaces.
Planes are a profession for some, and a passion, a pastime and a spectator sport for all.
Planes are about gals cradling babies who turn out to be CEOs of major corporations.
Planes are also useful for reducing the width of panels by slight amounts.
Planes are always late and luggage is always later.
Planes are available.
Planes are bad enough and helicopters are even louder.
Planes are beyond filthy.
Planes are capable of crashs.
Planes are capable of fall.
Planes are capable of flies.
Planes are capable of near airports.
Planes are degrees.
Planes are de-iced by people who are riding in a little metal basket like things that are on trucks.
Planes are delayed, trains run late and there are traffic jams.
Planes are easier to fly and less expensive to start with.
Planes are enormously expensive resources.
Planes are essentially the same as worlds.
Planes are extremely expensive.
Planes are fast.
Planes are faster than trucks only while they're in the air.
Planes are flat surfaces that extent infinitely in two directions.
Planes are great if the distance is such that the inconvenience is offset by the time savings.
Planes are hand tools.
Planes are late, bags go missing and customer complaints are way up.
Planes are located in air.
Planes are located in hangars.
Planes are located in runways.
Planes are located in skies.
Planes are located in taxiways.
Planes are machines.
Planes are meanses of transportation.
Planes are more crowded despite the higher prices.
Planes are more crowded than ever before.
Planes are never finite.
Planes are now better equipped to handle medical emergencies.
Planes are often full.
Planes are often late and surface time from airport to hotel or office can be very slow.
Planes are overturned, the control tower is busted out.
Planes are packed.
Planes are power tools.
Planes are ready for the customers radio equipment to be installed.
Planes are rivers.
Planes are shapes.
Planes are snooty in the way they fly over America without looking at it.
Planes are so confusing.
Planes are spheres with infinit radius and lines are circles with infinite radius.
Planes are still o.k.
Planes are surfaces.
Planes are used for flies.
Planes are used for flying.
Planes are used for travel.
Planes are vehicles.
Planes are very good for water, ground and mist.
Planes are weird things.
Planes arriving at the airports discharge their freight for truck delivery.
Planes arriving at the airports discharge their freight for trucks to deliver in the city.
Planes bomb Lebanon after soldier dies in attack.
Planes burst into flames like torches.
Planes can also make aerodynamic contrails from the wing surfaces or propellors.
Planes can crash.
Planes can fly on one of five altitudes.
Planes can land and takeoff at the airport at anytime.
Planes can proceed to takeoff shortly after leaving a pad.
Planes can really fly by the way.
Planes carry the passengers and trucks carry the freight.
Planes carry women.
Planes change, depending on the position of the body.
Planes come equipped with an anemometer.
Planes come in on one main runway.
Planes contain bike frames.
Planes contain frames.
Planes crisscross the eye to get data.
Planes criss-crossed and made so many chemtrails that the sky became that ugly haze.
Planes destroy community.
Planes didn t fall from the sky.
Planes do suffer area damage and pieces break off.
Planes drop baits over a quarter-mile wide swath.
Planes drop bombs from out of nowhere and bullets hit massive targets.
Planes drop out of the sky, killing all passengers.
Planes elevate and drop.
Planes fall from the sky when engines eat water.
Planes fall from the sky, people get sick, tragedies occur.
Planes fall out of the sky.
Planes feature their own unique flight model, performance style and detailed cockpit.
Planes fly around, ships glow and smoke, and then they sink.
Planes fly at dawn, because usually there is very little wind in the early morning.
Planes fly at night from the airfield.
Planes fly better with the door on because it reduces drag.
Planes fly in and out of Chicago hundreds of times a day.
Planes fly into Vegas from all over the world, all day long.
Planes fly over and drop peace gas, which puts people to sleep.
Planes fly over our camp and they make a lot of smoke and they pollute the air.
Planes fly overhead taking miners and owners to dig gold upriver.
Planes fly right above the high-street at a rate of one a minute, and nobody pays any attention.
Planes fly to all major cities within Korea cheaply.
Planes fly to more locations more often.
Planes fly, and ships sail, based on embedded systems.
Planes flying into Yangon are often full.
Planes Flying out of the New Brunswick area is relatively easy to do.
Planes flying upside down, even with cambered wings, can deflect enough air to get lift.
Planes follow one another as shown.
Planes go up, they do battle, and some come back.
Planes have (part) accelerators.
Planes have (part) aircraft engines.
Planes have (part) bases.
Planes have (part) ceilings.
Planes have (part) floors.
Planes have (part) fuel gauges.
Planes have (part) fuel indicators.
Planes have (part) fuel lines.
Planes have (part) fuel pods.
Planes have (part) fuel systems.
Planes have (part) fulcrums.
Planes have (part) gas gages.
Planes have (part) gas gauges.
Planes have (part) gas lines.
Planes have (part) gas tanks.
Planes have (part) gasoline gages.
Planes have (part) gasoline gauges.
Planes have (part) gasoline tanks.
Planes have (part) hood ornaments.
Planes have (part) navigation light.
Planes have (part) petrol gages.
Planes have (part) petrol gauges.
Planes have (part) petrol lines.
Planes have (part) petrol tanks.
Planes have (part) power trains.
Planes have (part) radar domes.
Planes have (part) ribs.
Planes have (part) room light.
Planes have (part) sections.
Planes have (part) tail assemblies.
Planes have (part) walls.
Planes have (part) windshields.
Planes have a good damage model.
Planes have a two-way data transmission system that allows the pilot to send and receive data.
Planes have blades.
Planes have flaps.
Planes have mechanical problems.
Planes have mechanisms.
Planes have only three wheels while autos have four.
Planes have screw mechanisms.
Planes have seats.
Planes have tails.
Planes have to keep flying, ammunition has to be bought, and soldiers fed, clothed and armed.
Planes have windows for seeing side to side, up and down, and forward.
Planes have windows.
Planes have wings.
Planes keep crashing, and people keep dying.
Planes kill people.
Planes leave daily from La ceiba.
Planes leave for the United States take almost equal flight time whether east or west bound.
Planes leave regularly from Washington and other big-city hubs.
Planes leave trails.
Planes look very good, and the cockpits are rendered in wonderful detail.
Planes lose navigational ability and come crashing down from the skies.
Planes move by rolling dice and moving the number of squares shown.
Planes never seem to cease going overhead.
Planes now monitor forest lands for fires.
Planes request to land or to take off.
Planes rides available.
Planes rise above the sky, flying low, flying high.
Planes simply land on the open, dusty flatlands.
Planes sit at the gates while airline personnel try to bribe people to get the hell off.
Planes sit on the tarmac while controllers patch together a flight plan.
Planes splutter overhead.
Planes still come and go nearby.
Planes take off and land every day.
Planes take off and land into the wind.
Planes taking off appear to be launched skyward, mysteriously, from amid the cornstalks.
Planes tend to be very cold and the blanket supply is limited.
Planes Welcome to the world of radio controlled model airplanes.
Planes work in three dimensions, but a boat is limited to two.
Planes often experience difficulty in landing in such conditions, especially in winter.
All planes are flat surfaces.
All planes can also fly through a lot of wind.
All planes have identical seating capacity.
All planes intersect on the equator.
All planes look more and sound more realistic.
All planes look more ans sound more realistic.
All planes return to base.
Every plane has a record sheet with a stylized diagram of the plane, divided into boxes.
Every plane has a speed where the wing simply stops flying.
Every plane is a plane and there is to be no representation.
Every plane is associated with a plane number.
Every plane is characterized by the number of units in x and y direction.
Every plane is designed to make the most of the balsa with the minimum amount of waste.
Many planes look good because of the decals.
Many planes take only a dozen.
More planes mean more jet fuel fumes.
Most planes are flyable.
Most planes carry women.
Most planes contain bike frames.
Most planes contain frames.
Most planes have flaps.
Most planes have mechanisms.
Most planes have retracts.
Most planes have screw mechanisms.
Most planes have windows.
Most planes have wings.
Most planes leave trails.
Some planes also have no tail , like the flying wing design .
Some planes also have no tail, like the flying wing design.
Some planes benefit more from use of flaps than others.
Some planes carry mammals.
Some planes carry presidents.
Some planes carry scientists.
Some planes carry teams.
Some planes fly differently than others.
Some planes have a larger than average facility at the very rear.
Some planes have continuous displacement.
Some planes have displacement.
Some planes have neoprene boots, or boots covered with rubber, that can be inflated with air.
Some planes have tips.
Some planes seem to float forever and are hard to slow enough for a smooth landing.
Some planes use techniques.
Planed boards are smoother and thinner.
A planer is a power tool
Planer traces all such superstitions to a fear of hostile forces.
Planers Makes a huge difference having a proper planing machine.
Planeshift auction is now over.
Planet dog has a line of products for the dog owners.
Planet Earth contains many physical portals that link to other aspects or realities.
Planet Earth has amazing raw materials and natural resources.
Planet earth has atmospheres.
Planet earth has ground.
Planet Earth has one satellite, the moon, revolving around it.
Planet earth is a closed system and can only support a finite amount of activity.
Planet Earth is a living, conscious being.
Planet Earth is a museum that is different.
Planet Earth is a speck of dust in an unbounded expanse, an ocean of space-time.
Planet Earth is a suite of interactive learning activities about the earth.
Planet Earth is a very complex system that in many ways is like the body.
Planet Earth is a very complex system which in many ways is like the body.
Planet Earth is designed to function in harmony.
Planet Earth is effective in the classroom as an adjunct to traditional science textbooks.
Planet Earth is excluded as it is our point of reference.
Planet Earth is filled with a myriad of lifeforms, each with enormous levels of complexity.
Planet Earth is finally stable enough for a few people to survive.
Planet Earth is in danger, and the danger has been caused by human beings.
Planet Earth is in great danger.
Planet Earth is loaded with room.
Planet earth is located in solar systems.
Planet earth is located in universes.
Planet Earth is on a collision course with a comet.
Planet Earth is our home and humanity is our family.
Planet Earth is our home.
Planet Earth is our rowboat and our 'iceberg' is the current state of our ecology .
Planet Earth is our spaceship, yet our destination is in the here and now.
Planet earth is planet earth.
Planet Earth is presented as a dynamic entity, the result of ongoing processes.
Planet Earth is rich with keratin.
Planet earth is rounds.
Planet Earth is set up with the same geometry as as Mars.
Planet Earth is surrounded by satellites , only one of which is natural.
Planet Earth is the ultimate inspiration.
Planet Earth is too precious a commodity to be left in the hands of the few.
Planet Earth is too thin by a factor of billions .
Planet Earth is wired.
Planet Earth moves in an approximate circular path around the sun.
Planet Earth represents our cosmic backyard.
Planet Earth spins at one revolution per day.
Planet Earth suggests that the process began as soon as Earth was formed.
Planet Finder Use it.
Planet formation is a tricky business and it can happen in a myriad of ways.
Planet formation is an aspect of star formation.
Planet hunters find new worlds.
Planet mercury plays important roles.
Planet mercury plays roles.
Most planet mercury plays important roles.
Most planet mercury plays roles.
Some planet mercury has gravity.
Planet names are in italics.
Planet Rock is purely digital.
A planet is a heavenly body
Planet blows up.
Planet can now provide e-commerce solutions to all sizes of enterprise.
Planet can provide customer server telehousing services.
Planet can provide ISDN dialback services.
Planet can thrive with our math knowledge.
Planet explores the motion of a single planet around a star.
Planet Indicates external links with no implied endorsement.
Planet indicates the wide variety of information on the site.
Planet is a great and entertaining resource.
Planet is a middle-level theory that represents planning knowledge.
Planet is a proud member of the following sites for writers.
Planet is also a leader in strategic network design and networking architecture.
Planet is an online newspaper managed entirely by intelligent agent software.
Planet is observed in retrograde motion five months centered on opposition.
Planet is of interest.
Planet is one of the oldest spec fic magazines online.
Planet is the in-game cinematic editor.
Planet is the term used for a body in orbit around a star.
Planet is the term used for a body in orbit around the Sun.
Planet is to space as part is to whole.
Planet is very raw.
Planet isa object.
Planet means wanderer in Greek.
Planet Outdoors Get on.
Planet Pets A detailed article about how to think like a dog.
Planet Pets A great site for general information on pets, pet tips, pet news and more.
Planet provides technical and installation support.
Planet reserves the right to access an account s mailbox.
Planet rises at midnight, sets at noon.
Planet rises at noon, sets at midnight.
Planet rotate about in on orbits implied by dashed circles.
Planet specializes in network infrastructure and network-based applications and solutions.
Planet Walk Take a walk through the solar system.
Planets absorb light from the sun and heat up.
Planets align, a king is born.
Planets also exert a gravitational pull on each other, but size matters.
Planets also look great from anywhere.
Planets also replenish there resources over time.
Planets also spin around their own axis, like a spinning top.
Planets appear to be plentiful in the galaxy.
Planets appear to wander through the starfield.
Planets approximate the detail seen in the best space probe astronomical photographs.
Planets are a byproduct of stellar formation.
Planets are a few thousands of kilometers across.
Planets are another.
Planets are astronomical objects.
Planets are BIG people.
Planets are bits of small rocks and asteroids that come together.
Planets are bodies of rock or gas that orbit around a star.
Planets are bodies which orbit around a star.
Planets are celestial bodies.
Planets are closer and appear more as a disk than a point of light.
Planets are common.
Planets are complex entities.
Planets are count nouns.
Planets are crisp.
Planets are different in sizes and colors.
Planets are difficult to photograph because they are small and more weakly lit than the moon.
Planets are dignified when they are in signs in which they rule or are exalted.
Planets are energetically related to each other in ways that tend to be repeated throughout life.
Planets are great city targets.
Planets Are Hard To Find The problem, as always in astronomy, is one of distance and brightness.
Planets are hard to miss They look like very bright stars.
Planets are hotter deeper down.
Planets are in the rain forests of Bali, the fjords of Norway and ruins in Greece.
Planets are indeed common in the universe.
Planets are large objects.
Planets are located in galaxy.
Planets are located in orbits.
Planets are located in outer space.
Planets are located in planetary systems.
Planets are located in skies.
Planets are located in space.
Planets are located in universes.
Planets are much smaller with core temperatures and pressures too low for nuclear fusion to occur.
Planets are one piece of the jigsaw puzzle of alien life.
Planets are rounds.
Planets are small but clear.
Planets are the abodes of life.
Planets are the dominant mass in their area and they carry moons.
Planets are the main source of supplies and goods.
Planets are the main suppliers and consumers of all the goods that are traded throughout the galaxy.
Planets are the objects that can benefit from using high power.
Planets are the second largest objects in the solar system.
Planets are the tools, signs are the conditions that regulate the tools.
Planets are too dim and too close to their suns to be seen by today's telescopes.
Planets are too dim to be seen, but can be located by their pull on the stars they orbit.
Planets are too small and dim, and the nearest stars are still too far.
Planets are typically brighter than most stars.
Planets are used for livings.
Planets are usually more or less spherical in shape, usually bulging slightly at the equator.
Planets are very different.
Planets are very expensive.
Planets are very powerful on the day they turn direct.
Planets are visible every night with Mars still lingering after sunset in the southwest sky.
Planets are warm in their mantles.
Planets are whole systems, even though they contain many sub-systems.
Planets are wonderful.
Planets are worlds.
Planets are, of course, in orbit around the sun.
Planets belong to stars, which in turn are part of galaxies.
Planets can also revolve around each other, for they are both merely objects that have a mass.
Planets can form from the dust grains.
Planets can have essentially any energy and thus orbit at any distance.
Planets can later form in the circumstellar disc.
Planets can move to the left or to the right.
Planets can t give an athlete the victory.
Planets can, however, fall victim to external factors that can be cataclysmic.
Planets change their positions against the background of stars.
Planets Click on the planets or the sun in the image above to see a detailed description and image.
Planets come in different sizes and colors.
Planets emit in the infrared portion of the spectrum and putout no visible light.
Planets emit virtually no radio waves.
Planets face off, embrace, and change signs with alarming frequency.
Planets fall around stars, moons fall around planets.
Planets find their niche, based on how crowded the solar system is and their relative mass.
Planets follow elliptical paths.
Planets form by accretion, with some small body accumulating mass through collision.
Planets form hot internal heat from gravitational contraction, collisions, and radioactive decay.
Planets form hot, and lose the heat from their formation over time.
Planets form out of a disk of dust and gas that encircles a newborn star.
Planets generally appear to move toward the east in front of the star background.
Planets generally form by collecting dust and rocks that float around in the early solar system.
Planets generally have a rotation period measured in seconds.
Planets generally have all of the other elements in their crust and core.
Planets generally move more slowly across the sky than the stars.
Planets go gliding by.
Planets go 'round' the sun.
Planets go through good viewing months and bad viewing months.
Planets grow by accretion .
Planets grow by accretion.
Planets grow in the disk through the process of accretion .
Planets have (part) biospheres.
Planets have (part) sections.
Planets have a south pole and a north pole.
Planets have egg-shaped orbits, so their distance from the sun varies.
Planets have fragile environments.
Planets have moonses.
Planets have nearly circular orbits, whereas comets have elongated paths around the Sun.
Planets have no detection capability at all.
Planets have satellites or moons much like the Earth's moon.
Planets have similarities and differences.
Planets have size.
Planets have some common features.
Planets have their own jingles.
Planets have their own names.
Planets have their own poles.
Planets have to be in a stream's path to be affected.
Planets have to be the right distance from their sun.
Planets have to be the right size.
Planets have widely different compositions.
Planets here describe receptivity and compatibility of a romantic and sensual nature.
Planets -Introduction to the planets for beginners.
Planets involved in opposition aspect tend to reflect off of one another, to mirror one another.
Planets is a program for finding the location and apperance of a planet on a given date.
Planets is one of five thematic editions of the journal.
Planets Know the basic features of the solar system.
Planets Learn fascinating facts about the planets of our solar system.
Planets look cheap though.
Planets look like disks, or tiny balls.
Planets make income and building points for the owning player.
Planets marshal the cometary parade.
Planets move around stars.
Planets move because the gas cloud that originally formed the solar system was spinning.
Planets move in elliptical orbits.
Planets move on elliptic orbits with the sun at a focal point.
Planets move through constellations as well.
Planets move through it because it is one of the constellations on the ecliptic.
Planets move within the zodiac.
Planets orbit at different angles to the sun's equator.
Planets orbit the sun as a result of the gravitational force of attraction to the sun.
Planets orbit the sun in curved paths.
Planets orbit the sun.
Planets orbit their stars because of the space coupling within the planets and their stars.
Planets orbiting the sun sometimes eclipse other heavenly bodies.
Planets play an essential role in reading someone's horoscope chart as well.
Planets reflect starlight, while stars shine with their own light.
Planets represent objects whose diameters are given in arcsec.
Planets represent other astronomical objects whose diameters are given in arcsec.
Planets revolve around the Sun in their own orbits.
Planets revolve around the Sun like Earth.
Planets rise, the sun rises, and life is always a little different.
Planets rotate on an axis as they revolve around the sun.
Planets rotate, people walk, and apples fall.
Planets rotate, suns shine and expire.
Planets shine by reflected light and circle stars.
Planets shine in the sky because they reflect the light of the sun.
Planets shine with a steadier light than stars.
Planets shine with reflected light.
Planets speed up as they approach the sun.
Planets stand in their orbits 'til the song goes by.
Planets start as large asteroids that keep gobbling up their neighbors.
Planets start out with different amounts of atmospheric gases.
Planets take different lengths of time to cycle around the sky.
Planets tend to be among the brightest objects in the night sky.
Planets tend to be brighter than fixed stars.
Planets theoretically generate magnetic fields only if they spin quickly and possess a molten core.
Planets thus avoid a death sentence.
Planets travel in circular orbits.
Planets travel in elliptical paths.
Planets travel in orbits around the Sun.
Planets turn around with varying lengths of time depending on their size.
Planets wander across the celestial sphere much more slowly than earth satellites.
All planets appear to move retrograde, or backwards, from time to time.
All planets are in motion.
All planets have atmospheres but the specific mix of gases in earth's atmosphere is termed air .
All planets have gravity.
All planets have moons.
All planets move about the sun in an elliptical orbit with the sun at one foci.
All planets move about the sun in elliptical orbits, having the sun as one focal point.
All planets move around the Sun on elliptical orbits.
All planets move in elliptical orbits with the sun at one focus.
All planets move in elliptical orbits, with the sun at one focus.
All planets move in elliptical paths, with the sun at one focus.
All planets move on ellipses.
All planets orbit the sun except the earth.
All planets orbit the sun.
All planets rotate in the same direction as they revolve.
All planets spin on an axis and orbit the sun.
All planets square each other.
All planets travel along their orbits in the same direction.
Any planet emits exactly the same vibrations at all times.
Any planet orbiting a star naturally tends to drag the star around with it in a slight wobble.
Every planet circles around the Sun which is at the centre of our solar system.
Every planet follows an oval-shaped path, or orbit, around the sun, called an ellipse.
Every planet forms an aspect.
Every planet has an axis tilt.
Every planet has it's own cutscene, and there is also a cool opening movie.
Every planet has mass and so every planet exerts a gravitational force on nearby objects.
Every planet has one.
Every planet has several cities, and each can support two installations.
Every planet has something to offer the adventurous traveler.
Every planet holds a piece of the whole.
Every planet is an orange.
Every planet is in aspect to every other planet.
Every planet is placed by sign, house and aspects within the chart.
Every planet provides some resources but requires others.
Many planets also have moons.
Many planets have atmospheres of some gaseous mixture.
Most planets are huge magnets with magnetic fields that extend far into space.
Most planets follow orbits that are more elliptical than Earth's.
Most planets have bodies in their orbits which are moons.
Most planets have magnetic fields lined up with their North and South Poles.
Most planets have moons.
Most planets have orbits with very low eccentricity, close to zero.
Most planets move in the Earth's equatorial plane.
Most planets revolve around the Sun in the same plane and in the same direction.
Most planets rotate in the same direction in which they orbit.
Most planets rotate in the same sense as they orbit.
Most planets rotate prograde.
Most planets seem to be dead and unable to support life in any form.
Some planets appear in films.
Some planets are hospitable only for certain densities.
Some planets are in far worse situations.
Some planets are less influential in the chart in an obvious way than others.
Some planets are much larger than others.
Some planets are squarely binocular and telescope targets.
Some planets have a very large declination, such as Uranus in our solar system.
Some planets have atmospheres.
Some planets have ice And are very cold.
Some planets have moons similar to our own.
Some planets have moons that orbit that planet just as the moon orbits the earth.
Some planets have more than others.
Some planets have natural satellites, called moons.
Some planets have no clouds and therefore abundant samelight.
Some planets have no ground.
Some planets have several moons.
Some planets have their own satellites or orbiting bodies, such as Earth's Moon.
Some planets have very long days or years, and some are very short.
Some planets have very strong magnetic fields that create even more radiation.
Some planets lack enough carbon to fuel life forms.
Some planets only have an exosphere.
Some planets rotate much more slowly than others.
Some planets take much longer to simply rotate around on their axis.
Some planets zoom round the sky.
A planetarium is an optical device
Planetarium also houses an array of scientific exhibits.
Planetarium can accommodate large groups and all ages.
Planetarium covers that, too.
Planetarium has hundreds of locations pre-registered for observation.
Planetarium is a two disc set of the best electronica being made in Virginia.
Planetarium is inaccessible due to two steps, fixed seats.
Planetarium is marked on exterior of building.
Planetarium is provided as true freeware, for love and ego points.
Planetarium is the premiere package for learning astronomy.
Planetarium offers all-night meteor shower viewing.
Planetarium offers shows on astronomy and space technology.
Planetarium show extra.
Planetarium show scheduling calendar .
Planetarium show with folk tales, etc. related to night sky.
Planetarium shows educate and entertain thousands of elementary school students.
Planetarium shows explore the heavens.
Planetarium shows extra fee in addition to admission.
Planetarium shows twice daily.
Planetarium shows with reservations.
Planetarium shows, star viewings and an interactive science center featured.
Planetariums are buildings.
Planetariums are for everybody else to learn how the sky works.
Planetariums are important because they educate, excite and entertain people of all ages.
Planetariums are models.
Planetariums are optical devices.
Planetariums are part of planetariums.
Planetariums are unique settings that open the wonders of the universe to many people.
Planetariums bring the mysteries of the skies to life.
Planetariums just happen to be great for that kind of thing.
Planetariums lead nighttime Iridium vigils.
Many planetariums are monuments of architecture, scientific and cultural-entertaining centers.
Most Planetariums owe their function to being able to educate.
Most planetariums own telescopes and hold public observing sessions on regular basis.
Planetary albedo depends positively on global cloud cover.
Planetary alignments are fairly common.
Planetary aspects can last for days.
Planetary astronomers observe small red shifts and blue shifts in stars that unseen planets orbit .
Planetary atmospheres differ greatly from one to another, especially for the terrestrial planets.
All planetary atmospheres have dust, aerosols and grains hanging in the atmosphere.
Most planetary bodies are spherical in nature due to their origins.
Planetary bombardment is a whole other ballgame from space combat.
Planetary cataclysm is symbolic of a social overthrow.
Planetary citizenship requires nonconformist thought and action.
Planetary combinations affect the universe in a very mysterious manner.
Planetary communication is spotty at best.
Planetary compositions reflect the different conditions in which they formed.
Planetary conjunctions are relatively rare event.
Planetary conquest works pretty much like space combat.
Planetary data span a large range in terms of data quantity, type, and global coverage.
All planetary data is scaled up for easier visualization.
Planetary detail is smeared and fuzzy and little of interest can be seen on such a night.
Planetary differentiation is the most significant event in the history of the Earth.
Planetary drive provides vernier tuning.
Planetary ecology begins in the kitchen.
Planetary energies do reflect the goings on in human affairs.
Planetary energies rise and fall like the waves on the ocean.
Planetary exploration is exciting.
Planetary exploration is part of that questioning process.
Planetary formation is a hazardous process.
Planetary gear is gear
Planetary gears offer many advantages over manual slide type gears.
Planetary gearboxes are available in a wide range of sizes and can be modular in construction.
Planetary geologists attribute the origin of the formation to purely natural processes.
Planetary geologists get to be pioneers, who thrill at being among the first to explore new worlds.
Planetary geology is the study of the internal and external geological processes on planets.
Planetary geometries are also very important.
Planetary humanism holds forth great promises for humankind.
Planetary images are nothing less than spectacular.
Planetary magnetospheres are the other important constituents of space.
Planetary management involves some radical changes to the way things have always been done.
Planetary maps are also nice.
Every planetary mission has an ideal launch day.
Planetary moons are natural satellites.
Planetary motion sweeps out equal areas in equal time.
Planetary motions reflect the history of their formation.
Planetary names are also names of roman deities.
Planetary names come from Greek and Roman mythology.
Planetary names come from Roman mythology.
A planetary nebula is a nebula
Planetary nebulae appear through the telescope as small disks with well-defined boundaries.
Planetary nebulae are another type of emission nebulae.
Planetary nebulae are astronomical objects made up primarily of gaseous materials.
Planetary nebulae are ball-like clouds of dust and gases that surround certain stars.
Planetary nebulae are easy to find in other galaxies.
Planetary nebulae are huge clouds of glowing gas that certain kinds of stars emit near death.
Planetary nebulae are important sources of the gas in the interstellar medium .
Planetary nebulae are large luminous shells of material ejected from dying stars.
Planetary nebulae are of the emission type.
Planetary nebulae are shells of gas thrown out by some stars near the end of their lives.
Planetary nebulae are the end stage of the evolution of stars such as our sun.
Planetary nebulae are the perfect test particles.
Planetary nebulae are very bright, and readily discovered out to large distances.
Planetary nebulae are very special objects because they can help make more stars.
Planetary nebulae evolve from gas and dusty clouds surrounding red giant stars.
Planetary nebulae have nothing to do with planets.
Planetary nebulae indicate relative brightness of the central star, brightness of halo and more.
Planetary nebulae provide another measure of abundances in the Milky Way and other galaxies.
Planetary nebulae seem to mark the transition of a medium mass star from red giant to white dwarf.
Planetary nebulae suggest the same scenario.
Planetary nebulas are big, bright clouds of gas and dust that puff out from an exploding, dying sun.
Planetary nebulas are nebulas.
Planetary nebulas are remnants comprised of illuminated material that surrounds white dwarfs.
Planetary nebulas are the biggest carbon-producing objects in the sky.
Some planetary nebulas are a thousand times larger than our solar system.
Planetary occultations happen when a planet or asteroid passes in front of a star.
Planetary orbits are all nearly circular.
Planetary orbits are ellipses with the sun at one focus.
Planetary orbits are nearly circular.
Planetary orbits are nearly in the same plane.
Planetary orbits have a distinct elliptical shape.
All planetary orbits are ellipses, with the sun at one focus of the ellipse.
All planetary orbits are prograde.
All planetary orbits lie in almost the same plane.
Most planetary orbits lie nearly in the same plane.
Planetary performance is exceptional, and wide field views the same, with true pinpoint stars.
Planetary photography is tough and requires good atmospheric conditions.
Planetary pictures are a form of midpoints activating midpoints.
Planetary positions appear different from the heliocentric viewpoint.
Planetary precession is much less than luni-solar precession.
Planetary rays form and structure our mind, emotions and senses.
Planetary revolutions are equal, perpetual, uniform.
Planetary rings belong to the most prominent examples of granular gases in astrophysical systems.
Some planetary rovers have solar platforms driven by wheels to traverse terrestrial environments.
Planetary science focuses on the study of the origin and evolution of solar system objects.
Planetary scientists agree that water is available at the poles of Mars in the form of ice.
Planetary scientists agree that water is bountiful on the Martian polar icecaps.
Planetary scientists believe that the fractures in the surface are caused by tectonic activity.
Planetary scientists have no doubt that Jupiter's moon Io is volcanically active.
Planetary scientists know that the moon has a magnetic surface and lacks a global magnetic field.
Planetary scientists rely heavily on images to explore planets that no human has ever visited.
Many planetary scientists believe the rest of the water is frozen beneath the surface.
Some planetary scientists think that Titan's surface is covered with gooey oceans of hydrocarbons.
Planetary spirits are next.
Planetary squares describe the general category of action.
Planetary support is still nill.
Planetary survival depends upon making it so.
Planetary systems are astronomical objects.
Planetary systems are quite common in our galaxy.
Planetary systems are systems.
Planetary systems are the rule rather than the exception.
Planetary systems form very early in a star's life, actually during the star-birth itself.
Planetary systems form very early in the star's life, actually during the star-birth itself.
Planetary talismans made on metal are generally round.
Planetary traits operate better in certain signs than in others.
Planetary transits have durations of a few hours to less than a day.
Planetary transits signal the best time WHEN to effectively change directions.
PlanetDSL technology allows for voice and data to coexist.
A planetesimal is a heavenly body
Planetesimals appear to have iron cores surrounded by shells of silicates and ice.
Planetesimals are about the size of small moons.
Planetesimals are celestial bodies.
Planetesimals are created when dust particles collide .
Planetesimals are created when dust particles collide.
Planetesimals are small bodies of matter that formed in numerous orbits around the Sun.
Planetesimals can interact without contact.
Planetesimals combine to form planets because of their mutual gravity.
Planetesimals merge and form protoplanets.
PlanetOut employees tell a different story.
Planing hulls are flat-bottomed and skim across the water.
Planing hulls are flat-bottoms designed to help the craft surf, spin and maneuver.
Planing hulls are where most whitewater kayaks are headed.
Planitax solutions are easy to launch and easy to access, since they are offered over the Internet.
Planitax solutions help isolate exposure areas.
Planks of wood lining the ceiling, walls and bar give the place an almost nautical feel.
A plank is lumber
Plank flavors the laulau and completes cooking of the lei.
Plank isa lumber.
Plank isa timber.
Plank tells jokes.
Planks also contain more cork, and therefore provide enhanced benefits in comparison to the tiles.
Planks are available in brown, cedar, gray or green colors.
Planks are available in brown, cedar, green or gray colors.
Planks are dry, planed on both sides, but are rough on the edges.
Planks are generally cedar.
Planks are part of platforms.
Planks are policy.
Planks come in several widths, thicknesses, and colors.
Planks have (part) sections.
Planks have good spanning ability and resist UV rays if treated at the factory.
Planks jutting out from the walls at regular intervals create a handy ladder for post-rain repairs.
All planks are scale lengths and are treenailed.
Every plank has both a top and bottom layer of high-pressure laminate.
Some planks use a tongue and groove design to hide the nails.
Planking are covering.
Planking are lumber.
Planking are manual labor.
Planktic forams live in upwelling areas to get enough nutrients, in tropical or subtropical regions.
Planktivorous fish select large zooplankters and can eliminate large cladocerans from lakes.
Planktivorous nekton are animals that feed directly on plankton such as baleen whales and some fish.
Plankton larvae go through different stages.
Plankton larvae go through stages.
Plankton net is set for the night.
Plankton absorbs compounds.
Plankton absorbs huge amounts of carbon dioxide and supports almost all other forms of life.
Plankton absorbs mercury compounds.
Plankton also play a role in regulating the carbon dioxide concentration in the atmosphere.
Plankton also tend to depurate low concentrations of hydrocarbons within days.
Plankton are a key part of the entire marine food web .
Plankton are algae which are microscopic , free-floating algae.
Plankton are an important source of food for larger animals.
Plankton are any organisms that float in the water as opposed to swimming in the water.
Plankton are any water-column organisms that are incapable of swimming against a current.
Plankton are at the base of a complex aquatic food web.
Plankton are at the mercy of the currents and movement of the water.
Plankton are clearly higher in the water column at night and are near the bottom during the daytime.
Plankton are divided into producers and consumers.
Plankton are float- ing species whose movements are most dependent upon water currents.
Plankton are free-floating, mostly microscopic plants, animals and bacteria.
Plankton are good examples.
Plankton are important because they are at the bottom of the aquatic food chain.
Plankton are important in the ocean 's food chain .
Plankton are important in the ocean's food chain.
Plankton are known as floaters, as they are very poor swimmers if they can even swim at all.
Plankton are lowest rungs on the oceanic food chain.
Plankton are marine organisms that drift with the ocean currents.
Plankton are microscopic marine organisms and are the building blocks of the marine food chain.
Plankton are microscopic plant and animal organisms floating in water in large numbers.
Plankton are microscopic plants and animals which float in the ocean.
Plankton are microscopic plants and animals whose movements are largely dependent upon currents.
Plankton are microscopically tiny organisms that thrive in the oceans throughout the world.
Plankton are often microscopic and are an important food source for other aquatic community.
Plankton are organisms which drift freely in the oceans, carried by ocean currents.
Plankton are plants and animals that live near or on the surface of the ocean.
Plankton are relatively small organisms that drift or float passively in the water.
Plankton are sessile.
Plankton are small organisms that play a crucial role in the food chain.
Plankton are the first vital step in aquatic food chains.
Plankton are the foundation of the aquatic food web.
Plankton are the microscopic animals and plants that sit at the base of the ocean food chain.
Plankton are the microscopic organisms that many sea creatures eat.
Plankton are the most common.
Plankton are the organisms that form the base of most open-ocean food webs.
Plankton are the plants and animals that drift on the ocean s currents and in lakes and rivers.
Plankton are the small organisms that float or drift in water, especially at or near the surface.
Plankton are the smallest plants and animals living in the ocean.
Plankton are the tiny creatures that form the bottom-most level of all ocean food chains.
Plankton are tiny aquatic organisms that swim around in the photic zone.
Plankton are tiny open-water plants, animals or bacteria.
Plankton are tiny plants that suspend or float in the water.
Plankton are unable to move on their own.
Plankton are unable to move significant distances against horizontally-flowing currents.
Plankton are unable to swim effectively and drift about at the mercy of the currents.
Plankton are very sensitive to changes in the quality of the water.
Plankton are very small, microscopic plants and animals.
Plankton are vital in the food supplies of fish, aquatic birds, reptiles, amphibians and mammals.
Plankton are widely dispersed organisms at the bottom of the food chain.
Plankton attracts baitfish and baitfish draw walleyes.
Plankton become less productive.
Plankton can be producers, consumers or both.
Plankton can be producers, consumers or recyclers, depending on which trophic level they belong to.
Plankton can live in any ocean water.
Plankton come in many different shapes and sizes.
Plankton concentrates there, attracting shad, which in turn attract wipers.
Plankton consists of two categories of organisms, phytoplankton and zooplankton .
Plankton dies and decays within hours into a fetid soup.
Plankton drops the patty and runs.
Plankton drops the steaming hot patty on the floor in surprise.
Plankton feeds small fishes, which in turn feed bigger fishes, sea birds, seals and whales.
Plankton find a rich feeding ground in the cold waters lying off the Namibian Desert coast.
Plankton float freely and can yield information on fish stocks and ocean currents.
Plankton flows into the pools on each wave, feeding barnacles, mussels and worms.
Plankton form the base of the food chain for all marine animals.
Plankton form the base of the food web and their survival is essential for all higher forms of life.
Plankton form the basis of aquatic food webs, including the ocean.
Plankton forms bases.
Plankton gets food.
Plankton gets nutrients.
Plankton has (part) carapaces.
Plankton has (part) cell membranes.
Plankton has (part) cells.
Plankton has (part) corpi.
Plankton has (part) cytoplasm.
Plankton has (part) heads.
Plankton has (part) nuclei.
Plankton has (part) pincers.
Plankton has (part) plasma membranes.
Plankton has (part) sections.
Plankton has (part) shells.
Plankton has (part) thoraxes.
Plankton has (part) vacuoles.
Plankton has a group of parameters to control the characteristics of display.
Plankton has a lab , which is just a real Labrador.
Plankton has areas.
Plankton has surface areas.
Plankton has two known ancestors.
Plankton have limited control on their individual movement.
Plankton includes aquatic protistans and animal larve that drift or swim weakly in the water.
Plankton includes organisms.
Plankton includes photosynthetic organisms.
Plankton includes plants and animals that float along at the mercy of the sea's tides and currents.
Plankton includes tiny organisms.
Plankton influence the exchange of gases between the atmosphere and the sea.
Plankton is a collective term for several different kinds of creatures.
Plankton is a food source for small fish.
Plankton is a kind of organism that sustains many species, because it is consumed.
Plankton is a major source of nutrients in coral reef ecosystems.
Plankton is a term used to categorize any small creature in the river.
Plankton is a very popular prey item.
Plankton is also a good source of food for small fish.
Plankton is also a producer.
Plankton is an evil mastermind through and through.
Plankton is an organism that is unable to move against the waters current.
Plankton is an organism
Plankton is blown there which attract the baitfish which in turn attract the bass.
Plankton is clumps of small plant and animal life that drifts on the surface of the ocean.
Plankton is collected in the field, usually by towing a net with very small openings.
Plankton is composed of microscopic plants and animals, which drift in the ocean currents.
Plankton is composed of myriad different species including microscopic plants and animals.
Plankton is consumed by many larger organisms, forming the base of many marine food chains.
Plankton is found in every ocean on the planet, and plays a major role in our existence.
Plankton is located in oceans.
Plankton is located in water.
Plankton is made up of both unicellular and pluricellular organisms.
Plankton is made up of microscopic plants and animals that drift about on ocean currents.
Plankton is made up of phytoplankton.
Plankton is obviously the favorite diet of barnacles.
Plankton is organisms.
Plankton is part animal and part plant.
Plankton is probably particularly important for brooding males.
Plankton is small and jelly bean shaped.
Plankton is the basic essential building block for all life in the ocean.
Plankton is the basis for the entire marine food web - and it is under threat.
Plankton is the basis of all aquatic food-chains.
Plankton is the bottom of the food chain in the ocean.
Plankton is the bottom of the ocean food chain.
Plankton is the first and most important layer of the oceanic food chain.
Plankton is the food for corals.
Plankton is the mass of small organisms carried about by water currents.
Plankton is the plural form.
Plankton is the principal food of golden trout in high lakes.
Plankton is the smallest of all the main characters and the smallest person in Bikini Bottom .
Plankton is tiny plants and animals that can only be seen with a microscope.
Plankton is tiny plants and animals that float near the surface.
Plankton is to be found on the ponds and can cause skin irritation to some people.
Plankton is used as food by fish.
Plankton is very abundant.
Plankton is very important as it occupies the first two or three links in the marine food chains.
Plankton isa organism.
Plankton live in both freshwater and marine environments.
Plankton live in the microlayer because that's where there's most sunlight for photosynthesis.
Plankton lives in deep sea.
Plankton lives in sea.
Plankton make up most of their diet but they are quite opportunistic.
Plankton make up one of three major groups of marine life.
Plankton make up the bottom of the food chain in the ocean.
Plankton manages to jump over the stream of sharks, but lands directly on top of one, crushing it.
Plankton occurs in absolutely countless numbers and volume.
Plankton occurs mainly near the surface of seas where the plants get suitable illumination.
Plankton predominantly comprises short-lived organisms.
Plankton provide food for juvenile salmon when they leave the streams and hatchery pens.
Plankton provide more oxygen than most of the earth's rain forests.
Plankton provides food for much sea life.
Plankton refers to the whole assortment of tiny, often microscopic, living things in the ocean.
Plankton represent the base of the food chain.
Plankton sampling is fundamental to marine biology.
Plankton then grabs one of the patties and pulls it off the grill.
Plankton then starts to shape-shift.
Plankton vary in size from ultraminute bacteria to large jellyfish.
Plankton wander through the water.
Planktons are suspended in water whereas nektons are active swimmers.
Planktons are very small.
Planktons float near the surface of water and provide food for many fish and other aquatic animals.
Many plankton can also adjust the depth at which they float.
More plankton feed more fish, which in turn increases the fish population.
Most plankton absorbs compounds.
Most plankton absorbs mercury compounds.
Most plankton are either slow-swimming or so small that their swimming speed is small.
Most plankton are heavier than water and tend to sink.
Most plankton are microscopic or near-microscopic in size.
Most plankton are too small to see with the unaided eye.
Most plankton gets food.
Most plankton gets nutrients.
Most plankton has areas.
Most plankton has surface areas.
Most plankton includes organisms.
Most plankton includes photosynthetic organisms.
Most plankton includes tiny organisms.
Most plankton lives in deep sea.
Some plankton absorbs oil.
Some plankton affects life.
Some plankton are big enough to be seen with the naked eye.
Some plankton are microscopic, single-celled organisms, while others are several feet long.
Some plankton consumes dead plants.
Some plankton has durability.
Some plankton has eyes.
Some plankton lives in lakes.
Some plankton lives in photic zones.
Some plankton lives in zones.
Some plankton plays roles.
Some plankton produces oil and store it in their bodies.
Some plankton requires matter.
Some plankton requires organic matter.
Planktonic algae are a leading cause of water quality problems in reservoirs.
Planktonic algae can occur briefly at various stages in pond development.
Planktonic algae is a phytoplankton
Planktonic algae is phytoplankton.
Planktonic algae live free-floating in the ocean and in the largest to smallest lakes and streams.
Planktonic algae produce most of the molecular oxygen in the Earth's atmosphere.
Planktonic algae serve as the base of the food chain.
Planktonic animals are notoriously sensitive to changes in water quality.
Planktonic animals float and move around with the water.
Planktonic components are rare within foraminiferal assemblages.
Planktonic crustaceans are in many ways analogous to the insects on land.
Planktonic forams are excellent index fossils.
Some planktonic forams are indicators of water depth.
Planktonic foraminifers are abundant and have good preservation for the site's entire interval.
Planktonic foraminifers are abundant and well preserved.
Planktonic foraminifers are common to few with good to moderate preservation.
Planktonic foraminifers are variable in preservation and abundance.
Planktonic foraminifers exhibit glacial to interglacial oscillations throughout.
Planktonic larvae are an important food source for some organisms.
Planktonic larvae develop , grow into annelids and eventually sink to the bottom of the water .
Planktonic larvae develop, grow into annelids and eventually sink to the bottom of the water.
Planktonic organisms turn out to be particularly useful.
Many Planktonic organisms are well adapted to evade such a method.
Most planktonic organisms fall into the microplankton or net plankton category.
Some planktonic organisms migrate up and down in the water in response to the amount of daylight.
Planktonic rotifers have special adaptations for open water life.
Planktonic snails eat the dinoflagellate, fish eat the snails, etc.
Planned activities are all so fantastic.
Planned activities are an absolute requirement.
Planned activities are available for campers and day-users.
Planned activities are work in rural roads, primary education and rural work and sanitation.
Planned activities can enhance the experience, and small gifts like company pens are a big hit.
Planned activities can help children generate alternative solutions to difficult social situations.
Planned activities complement the philosophy and value system of the school and family.
Planned activities keep children active and involved.
Planned activities make certain the little one's prognosis for fun is always bright.
Planned activities occur outside school during weekends.
Planned activities revolve around different themes for each two week session.
Many planned activities are available.
Planned appointments are appropriate for regular appraisal review and recurring joint work sessions.
Planned change is integrated throughout the research utilization process.
Planned change is intentional intervention.
Planned change is thus preferable to reactive change.
Planned chats are below.
Planned closures are exactly that, planned.
A planned community is a community
Planned communities abound at the beach.
Planned communities are more ecological.
Planned communities have a transportation system for commuters .
Planned communities have a transportation system for commuters.
Planned communities have advocates and detractors.
Planned event meets funding criterions.
Planned events are a car show, rod run, collector auction, swap meet and a city-wide rummage sale.
Planned events are still on the schedule.
Every planned event is an outward expression of a vision.
Planned exercise is helpful.
Planned expenditures display for open months.
Planned experiences contain key experiences and activities.
Planned experiments demonstrate the chemistry of fundamental groups of organic molecules.
Planned Gifts are usually tax deductible.
Planned Gifts offer a wide array of benefits to individuals at different points in their lives.
Planned investment is unrelated to current level of disposable income.
Planned marriage combines the best of both worlds.
Planned outages are due to such scheduled activities as services, upgrades and reconfiguration.
Planned outages can last one to four hours.
Planned outings can be an effective rehabilitative measure for the psyche.
Planned parenthood is covered.
Planned programs are great for the individual in the early to middle stages of the illness.
Planned quests are much more elaborate, more difficult, have bigger prizes, etc.
Planned replacement is also available with spherical lenses.
Planned routines tend to work best.
Planned seminars provide an overview of health careers in medicine, dentistry, and allied health.
Planned service is one of the modes of the training.
Planned sessions welcome.
Planned site is surrounded by such beautiful historic architecture.
Planned snacks are important.
Planned snacks can be an excellent way to get needed nutrients into a child's diet.
Planned spaces can enhance views, improve wildlife habitat, and increase plant variety.
Planned tours are available but are date restricted.
Planned travel is much more exhilarating.
Planned upgrades are in the works to make the system even more useful to smallbusiness.
A planner is a person
Planner allows moms to keep track of scheduling for the entire family.
Planner gives an overall view of two weeks with time frames blocked out for appointments.
Planner has two clear vinyl pockets.
Planner Have a daily and monthly planner.
Planner is a unique, three part planner system designed with mothers in mind.
Planner is remote, local representative on leave.
Planner is the datebook application.
Planner pays for shipping, insurance, and any damage repairs.
Planner utilises open interfaces to interact effectively with operator's operations support systems.
Planners agree people-friendly centers, a vibrant street life and efficiency are guiding principles.
Planners also are concerned about saving the wetlands, and trees.
Planners also can locate a single platform amid a host of emitters for precision attack.
Planners also deal with land use and environmental issues created by population movements.
Planners also deal with land use issues created by population movements.
Planners also examine measures that can reduce the enemy's operational tempo.
Planners also hope to add native trees and small parks to further beautify the surroundings.
Planners also look at where developers have said they intend to build in the future.
Planners also provide daily communication between teachers and home.
Planners also review and approve sign permit and boundary line adjustment applications.
Planners also select waypoints and waypoint altitudes and velocities for cruise missiles.
Planners also travel with buyers to market, visit stores and shop the competition.
Planners also use the surveys to provide anecdotal feedback.
Planners approve use permits over health objections of local residents.
Planners are a Calvinist bunch.
Planners are able to develop general goals without too much difficulty.
Planners are aware that certain projects require expertise.
Planners are bullish.
Planners are experts at bringing together experts.
Planners are extremely skilled in the art of delay.
Planners are incapable of placing form above substance.
Planners are more likely to belong to organizations specific to their industry.
Planners are much too busy for that.
Planners are naturals for coaching because they are already doing that in the financial sense.
Planners are notebooks.
Planners are often ignorant of non-dam alternatives.
Planners are often key architects of regionalization and decentralization initiatives.
Planners are on a continual search for a better community.
Planners are only as good as the politicians and the political system they serve.
Planners are open to suggestions, and continually making modifications.
Planners are people.
Planners are the easiest to operate on.
Planners are the only staff in a position to understand and review the work.
Planners are to be checked regularly both at home and at school, and signed at least weekly.
Planners are to use professional judgment on the extent of documentation needed.
Planners assist in planning and preparing for large scale disasters.
Planners assume densification can occur in increments.
Planners blame voter apathy rather than ignorance.
Planners call such state a filter, there are special techniques permitting to get rid from filters.
Planners can accommodate kosher vegetarians by charting special food requests.
Planners can also find available dates and their rates for up to three years out.
Planners can also target specific radio stations or types of stations.
Planners can answer customers' questions regarding job status, billing, and related matters.
Planners can be very helpful in providing guidance to uncertain questions.
Planners can carry many designations.
Planners can consider mandatory rests with refreshment and shelter, or vehicular transfer.
Planners can find sources of information concerning policy issues and upcoming courses.
Planners can get product recommendations or find out what s available for rush orders.
Planners can identify attendee demographics by profiling entire memberships or individual attendees.
Planners can implement the policies they want to implement.
Planners can improve their ability to sell by first of all improving their people skills.
Planners can input their preferred dates and find hotels with a discounted rate over that period.
Planners can now use one system, city to city.
Planners can post property reviews about meeting experiences at particular venues.
Planners can post property reviews and hotels have the opportunity to respond to their comments.
Planners can provide financial calculations, project cut-off dates and registration figures.
Planners can screen the measures in terms of general feasibility.
Planners can see all pending, essential tasks in one, quick view.
Planners can sign up to receive industry news.
Planners can understand how proposed projects impact existing projects.
Planners can use familiar tools in new ways.
Planners can view hotel responses online in real-time or at their convenience.
Planners certainly have more than faith to pin their hopes on.
Planners check for planning errors during production and recommend corrective action.
Planners classify streets according to their intended use.
Planners come in all sorts of shapes and sizes.
Planners come in four sizes - very clever, brilliant, magnificent, and ecstatic.
Planners come in many varieties.
Planners consider it a national model.
Planners control the timing of when emails are sent.
Planners control their financial affairs.
Planners create detailed programs to carry out their goals for the community.
Planners dedicated to units do very little routine planning.
Planners develop new programs to improve the production control systems.
Planners dream up endless variations on the Highland fling theme.
Planners drop in, get job experience, and move on.
Planners encourage church sermons that condemn the use of fossil fuels.
Planners ensure that products are made efficiently and timely.
Planners enter their event criteria into the ez-Event database.
Planners evaluate proposed developments' projected impact on the watershed.
Planners expect development to continue, particularly in Gloucester and Burlington counties.
Planners expect new stores to cluster near the stations.
Planners expect other institutes to chip in funds.
Planners expect the employees to be a boon to downtown businesses.
Planners expect the project to take nine hours.
Planners expect the study to conclude early next year.
Planners expect the transition to reunion clusters to take about three years.
Planners expect to complete up to five similar projects in the coming months.
Planners expect to have the majority of the renovations completed by that time.
Planners expect to make it an annual event.
Planners expect to reschedule the event in the fall.
Planners face a challenge when presenting to elected officials and the public.
Planners fear growing reliability problems.
Planners focus on costs and trends in housing, population, transportation, and employment.
Planners formulate, review, or modify employment pro-cedures based upon the tactical situation.
Planners generally charge a fee in order to provide an objective analysis.
Planners get to write about everything that crosses their desks.
Planners give free consultations.
Planners guide growth in the urban-rural fringe and plan for revitalization of central cities.
Planners have a great belief that the future can be an improvement.
Planners have a responsibility to be clear about the purpose as well as the nature of the occasion.
Planners have different credentials.
Planners have good communication and writing skills.
Planners have no personal relatives since their parentage is doubtful.
Planners have the winter to get prepared for the next wave of movie-making.
Planners have their sights set high.
Planners have to weigh the impact of restrictive measures in and about the volcano.
Planners have to work quickly to get their work finished because they have many other plans to make.
Planners help a couple with everything but the weather.
Planners help clients develop and implement retirement, estate and income tax reduction strategies.
Planners help local officials make decisions on social, economic, and environmental problems.
Planners help monitor a student's presence within the building.
Planners help people with assets.
Planners help real estate developers direct community growth.
Planners help to evaluate and seize opportunities and to understand and solve problems.
Planners hope for stimulus to construction of orbital research outpost sponsored by U.S. and Russia.
Planners hope the noise is enough to rouse a drowsing driver.
Planners hope to have room for a new office area for school and parish.
Planners hope to lure more residential development to the center city.
Planners investigate potential sites throughout the Canadian landscape and marine environment.
Planners know it.
Planners know just about what can be produced.
Planners know that education is the best defense against environmental injustice.
Planners like to solve problems.
Planners listen to the advice of people who live in the communities.
Planners look at it and see the last frontier.
Planners look to what is.
Planners make a living on commissions, fees, or both.
Planners make new plans when more people move into a community.
Planners make schedules.
Planners make their living based on the way that they are compensated.
Planners make up schedules.
Planners next ensure the mission packages are deconflicted with other mission packages.
Planners now can access information about UK collegiate and university venues.
Planners now know that they'll have juries looking over their shoulders.
Planners now review development proposals jointly rather than separately.
Planners oversee many aspects of an event at the same time and face numerous deadlines.
Planners perform a variety of duties.
Planners promise a decidedly different kind of festival food fare.
Planners quickly find the handful of properties that exactly suit the group's needs.
Planners really have no idea.
Planners receive real-time reports of responses and payments.
Planners recognize that their work can affect many jurisdictions and interests.
Planners recognize that their work has cumulative and long-term implications.
Planners recognize the complexity of communities.
Planners recommend approval of all three requests.
Planners regularly collaborate with clients, hospitality workers, and meeting attendees.
Planners require skills in a participatory planning process.
Planners requiring more advanced and higher bandwidth have fewer usable frequencies.
Planners reveal what they stew over regarding their clients and their practices.
Planners review the use of naturally occurring fires as a management tool.
Planners say it is needed to address classroom overcrowding in eastern Boulder County schools.
Planners say many problems can be averted, however.
Planners say that they hope for a large turnout.
Planners say that's never going to change.
Planners say the changes have been in the works for over a year.
Planners say they are, in fact, typical.
Planners say they want to address concerns before asking for village approval.
Planners say they're glad to have it open before the biker weekends and busiest parts of the summer.
Planners schedule work daily.
Planners select the launch and impact points and times of launch.
Planners select the offer of their choice by putting down a credit card deposit.
Planners shape the future of communities and regions.
Planners take note.
Planners tend to differ in terms of their fee structure.
Planners tend to focus on the financial aspects and often tend to overlook the nonfinancial aspects.
Planners tend to spend a lot of their time on the telephone, or making site visits, or in meetings.
Planners then have to look at financial considerations and the utilization of space.
Planners then present their findings to planning commissioners who approve or deny the project.
Planners use computers all the time.
Planners use maps to propose zoning changes.
Planners utilize their knowledge and skills in an increasing variety of employment positions.
Planners value our attention to detail.
Planners work closely with builders to insure that cities remain pleasant.
Planners work in both the public and private sectors.
Planners work in the public and private sectors in urban and rural areas.
Planners work on a wide variety of projects.
Planners work to make cities a better place to live and work.
Planners work with architects on project teams.
Planners working at the front counter are also available to help explain zoning categories.
Planners working for local government agencies have additional tasks.
Planners often are responsible for recruiting, training and supervising staff required for events.
Planners often complain about the quality of their basic data.
Planners often create narratives.
Planners often discuss the future in black and white, rather than in shades of gray.
Planners often have to balance parking needs with buses, cars and bikes.
Planners often use computers.
Planners sometimes bend the truth to sustain work.
Planners usually consider color more than the napkin fold.
Planners usually gather and analyze data on their program's performance following implementation.
Planners usually have little say over the work of state transportation departments.
Planners usually meet about three times a week and deal with whatever issues come up at the time.
Planners usually think of everything.
Any planner can then, in principle, use the goal agenda to plan for increasing sets of subgoals.
Every planner owns a vested interest in the question, and especially in the answer.
Many planners are just salespeople who have a vested interest in selling a product.
Many planners believe a CRT only works for older income beneficiaries.
Many planners combine fees and commissions.
Many planners consider the highest use to be a national park.
Many planners limit their education to the most popular of planned giving vehicles.
Many planners quit the business.
Many planners think that trend ought to be reversed while there's still some countryside left.
Many planners travel regularly on the job, some on an international level.
Many planners work for a flat fee rather than commissions on investments.
Many planners work hard only to see their ideas put up on a shelf.
More planners continue to learn firsthand how the criminal justice system can be improved.
Most planners are goal-regression planners.
Most planners argue that having such a cushion takes priority over paying the mortgage off early.
Most planners contain a few calendars, appointment pages, and To Do lists.
Most planners find it frustrating when click rates on a campaign are low.
Most planners go solo or work within smaller practices.
Most planners have bachelor's or higher degrees, and some have to pass a national exam.
Most planners intend to be helpful and want to put the citizen at ease.
Most planners recommend placing the order about three months before the wedding.
Most planners recommend that even retirees have some portion of their portfolio in stocks.
Most planners say the best place for emergency money is a home equity credit line.
Most planners take a much more traditional approach.
Most planners use conservative assumptions based on long-term historical rates.
Most planners work for local governments with limited resources and many demands for services.
Some planners also work as private consultants, either as part of a larger firm, or on their own.
Some planners believe the tax bracket of the individual drives the decision.
Some planners call for more roads as a way to ease traffic congestion.
Some planners charge a fee for the financial plan and a commission for the sale of products.
Some planners charge by the hour, while others who specialize in investments work on commission.
Some planners charge no fee, but do earn a commission on the investment products they sell.
Some planners earn commissions on the mutual funds or other products they sell.
Some planners even urge their clients to enjoy the process, thinking of their willed items as gifts.
Some planners like to ensure that distributions can be delayed as long as possible.
Some planners maintain that civil defense has no price.
Some planners prefer more material reminders, however.
Some planners prepare plans and policies for entire communities and regions.
Some planners see themselves as creating a blueprint, building a future the way one builds a house.
Some planners specialize in one or more areas of financial planning, or in a certain type of client.
Some planners think that bulk stands for merit.
Some planners work for surveying firms, market research organizations, or large land developers.
Some planners work in companies.
Planning aid is a free service, although voluntary donations are always welcome.
Planning applications can raise complex issues and conflicting priorities.
Planning applications use advanced algorithms to determine the best way to fill an order.
A planning commission is a commission
Planning commission has no roll in grandfathering for town homes.
Planning commission tables a talk about communication.
Planning consent exists for the addition of a fifth floor.
Most planning departments have an adequate number of staff to police the measure.
Planning horizons can become much shorter.
Planning officers make a judgment now.
Planning periods are longer.
Planning permission is pending for a strawbale house in Waterford.
Planning permission is required for changes.
Planning permission is required for most changes of use and many building works.
Planning permission is very likely to cause problems in one way or another.
Planning policies place residential buildings around expansive urban areas.
Some planning restrictions apply nationally.
Planning services are available.
Planning services cover all types of feasibility,land use, strategic and master planning.
Planning systems using a question and answer interface take a little longer to construct.
Planning theory is unresolved.
Planning theory recognizes a similar dichotomy, although less clearly defined.
Planning theory sees that the provision of opportunities in particular places leads to deprivation.
Planning actually begins over a year in advance.
Planning actually saves time and money.
Planning addresses the developmental and individual needs of all students in the classroom.
Planning addresses the developmental and individual needs of most students.
Planning addresses the developmental and individual needs of some students.
Planning affects the allocation of resources.
Planning allows decisions to be made in a much more comfortable and intelligent way.
Planning allows limited resources to be committed in an orderly way.
Planning allows linking clients needs and demands to availability of funds.
Planning allows mobile agents to make the best use of the available resources.
Planning allows our clients to make realistic and cost-effective choices of feasible alternatives.
Planning allows the establishment of independent goals.
Planning allows the stake holders to address current issues and trends.
Planning also collects and analyzes statistical data to assist in the appraisal process.
Planning also develops innovative transportation programs.
Planning also exists for a veterinary unit between the barn and the American barn.
Planning also gets underway for food preparation and exhibits of costume and objects of art.
Planning also guides the preparation of environmental impact reports for city decision making.
Planning also has another benefit.
Planning also leads to peace of mind.
Planning also needs to be tested by people familiar with the realities of the U.S. market.
Planning also places services and systems of care in the context of many funding sources.
Planning also requires carefully evaluating current policies and procedures.
Planning appears to be seen as rather more at tool than an aim in itself.
Planning applies to situations that last over a period of time.
Planning are designs.
Planning are events.
Planning are preparation.
Planning are thinking.
Planning asks council to move on design review law.
Planning attracts a different kind.
Planning become a collaborative effort among children and facilitators.
Planning becomes a continuous activity.
Planning becomes critical when schedules are compressed.
Planning becomes essential to preserve tranquility.
Planning becomes focused on the accumulation of wealth and the reduction of taxes.
Planning becomes fun and productive.
Planning becomes very important.
Planning begins and parade and concert tickets are ordered.
Planning begins before the half is over.
Planning begins by asking questions.
Planning begins during the first call for help.
Planning begins for new roadway system to serve medical facilities.
Planning begins for press and public relations strategy.
Planning begins for the first college comparability study .
Planning begins in late summer.
Planning begins in the fall along with fund-raising to help cover expenses.
Planning begins in the fall quarter and the festival is held in the spring quarter.
Planning begins in the summer to promote participation and publicity for the events.
Planning begins in the summer with a sales kickoff in the fall.
Planning begins more than a year before the actual Meeting.
Planning begins the first day of involvement with a child.
Planning begins to produce video.
Planning begins two days in advance.
Planning begins with a challenge or desire a vision.
Planning begins with a mission statement and a vision.
Planning begins with a plan, ends with management, and begins again with another plan.
Planning begins with an evaluation of the site.
Planning begins with inspection.
Planning begins with possibilities, and proceeds through priorities and performance to evaluation.
Planning begins with preparation of the plan for the next mission.
Planning begins with selecting an hypothesis to be tested.
Planning begins with standards rather than materials.
Planning begins with the receipt of a warning order.
Planning bridges the planning chasm by providing a truly enterprise-wide planning solution.
Planning brings architecture and engineering together to form a larger perspective.
Planning brings unity and releases energy, as well as providing guidance, optimism and enthusiasm.
Planning builds confidence and self-assurance that usually results in better grades.
Planning builds success.
Planning can also preserve historic community structures which help to create a sense of place.
Planning can also provide peace of mind.
Planning can also save a homeowner time and money.
Planning can avoid such paralysis.
Planning can be a genuine group process.
Planning Can Be a Picnic.
Planning can be a real eye-opener.
Planning can be a very overwhelming task.
Planning can be an important component of better communication between campus and county faculty.
Planning can be as simple as listing activities and events on a time line.
Planning can be boring.
Planning can be both a good and a bad thing when performing.
Planning can be critical when crossings are infrequent, especially on holiday weekends.
Planning can be depressing.
Planning can be mechanical without creativity.
Planning can be somewhat of a controversial profession.
Planning can be very expensive.
Planning can become a true value added service.
Planning can build friends and create focus.
Planning can educate, involve and inform the public as well as public officials.
Planning can enable the university to respond proactively.
Planning can establish the structure for dialogue.
Planning can extend to networking also.
Planning can help allocate scarce resources.
Planning can help communities find a balanced, middle ground.
Planning can help every moment count.
Planning can help keep friends, relatives, salespeople by having the winner say it is in trust.
Planning can include a clearly labeled diagram and a set of instructions.
Planning can include a clearly labelled diagram and a set of instructions.
Planning can lay the foundation for financial security and personal fulfillment in later years.
Planning can make all the difference.
Planning can make for a better trip.
Planning can reduce taxes.
Planning can reduce the loss of the estate's value.
Planning can save many hassles down the road.
Planning can take a few months or more for a big complicated test.
Planning can take place at many scales from neighborhood to city, region or global.
Planning can track and respond to trends.
Planning carefully is an important aspect of meeting that objective.
Planning Choose the appropriate component to solve specified problems.
Planning closes the gap between plans and performance An enterprise planning checklist e.
Planning comes later.
Planning continues for an in-service day, to work on customer service skills.
Planning continues for feasibility study on the Jackson Levee project.
Planning continues for possible professional seminars in South America and the Middle East.
Planning continues for the Spring Meeting.
Planning continues through the term.
Planning Defined Planning takes practice.
Planning defines the destination, while the process reengineering project provides the vehicle.
Planning defines the path to success.
Planning Develop a concise vision, operational requiements, and measures of success.
Planning Develop an appropriate implementation model for specific requirements.
Planning dives using dive tables represents a basic diving skill.
Planning does happen.
Planning does have practical as well as idealistic values.
Planning does take some time but the benefits far outweigh the costs.
Planning eliminates the tedium, and provides movement into a productive life.
Planning emphasizes a child's strengths, talents, abilities, and dreams.
Planning emphasizes both personal and tax goals.
Planning encourages coordination and accountability.
Planning encourages innovative projects such as high-speed rail and magnetic levitation.
Planning encourages pro-active thinking.
Planning ensures that even hosts can enjoy the party Everyone loves a good party.
Planning establishes the strategic priorities of the government over the mediumterm.
Planning examines the roles and responsibilities of library leaders in planning initiatives.
Planning exercises emergency managers use to identify issues and for training.
Planning explains how to prepare for the future with the help of investing.
Planning Find out how others are planning to introduce, implement and support technology in schools.
Planning focuses more on the perceived needs of the population.
Planning focuses multiple resources, human and financial, on priority areas for greater impact.
Planning focuses on hands-on, experiential learning.
Planning generally implies thought before action.
Planning gets easier.
Planning gets the line up operational.
Planning gets the priorities straight.
Planning Give specifications for a project plan.
Planning Given a scenario, identify valid network configurations.
Planning Go through the tools and materials checklist carefully.
Planning happens by engaging people.
Planning happens often.
Planning has a certain academic tradition in the area of applied disciplines.
Planning has a fifty year long background in Iran.
Planning has a future and it is an exciting, bold and creative one.
Planning has a myriad array of benefits for local governments.
Planning has a positive role to play in delivering services to local communities.
Planning has an important role.
Planning has both static and dynamic components.
Planning has everything to do with being organized.
Planning has in fact become tasking .
Planning has many functions in business.
Planning has one ingredient, which is time.
Planning has the potential to resolve conflict in effective and healthy ways.
Planning has to address people, program, space, and dollar issues.
Planning has to come ahead of money.
Planning Have students make a storyboard first.
Planning helps a community work toward their goals in a step by step fashion.
Planning helps a company know where it wants to go and how to get there.
Planning helps people get through a crisis.
Planning helps prevent disappointment.
Planning helps prevent wasteful expenditure of public and private funds .
Planning helps protect private property rights.
Planning helps reduce the reliance on the automobile, lowering pollution and improving traffic flow.
Planning helps student teachers organize materials.
Planning helps take the fear out of accountability.
Planning helps to coordinate development projects with one another.
Planning helps too.
Planning helps translate intended strategies into realized ones.
Planning Identify and evaluate the technical needs of a business unit.
Planning Identify the possible exercises that can be performed with the available equipment.
Planning implies the ability to predict outcomes from certain actions.
Planning improves decision-making.
Planning improves performance.
Planning includes concept development, writing, research, and project management.
Planning includes coordinating with the User Instruction Roundtable for possible co-sponsorship.
Planning includes getting information on destinations, checking prices and schedules.
Planning includes goals and objectives, outcomes, and assessments.
Planning Includes material relating to organizational goals and objectives.
Planning includes more than just preparing an agenda, although that's where it begins.
Planning Includes operational, strategic, long-range and program planning, etc.
Planning includes plans to coordinate activities.
Planning includes recommending legislative changes, general policy adjustments, and system designs.
Planning includes the preparation of development plans and the control of development.
Planning incorporates the purpose and character of the site, space and activity definition.
Planning increases the chances of success and reduces losses, caused by unforeseen difficulties.
Planning involves activists from around the world.
Planning involves being on the offensive and developing goals so that the business can win the game.
Planning involves careful consideration of what the advertisers objectives are.
Planning involves choices and choices invoke values.
Planning involves citizen participation and coordination with participating cities to assess needs.
Planning involves collecting and analyzing information used to help understand a community.
Planning involves defining the scope and determining required activities, resources, and schedule.
Planning involves determining time, place, and sequence of actions on the basis of analysis of data.
Planning involves developing a clear approach and process for solving the problem.
Planning involves devising a scheme for attaining the goals of the organization.
Planning involves devising a systematic process for attaining the goals of the organization.
Planning involves educators.
Planning involves knowing the length of estrus cycle for the strain used for embryo recipients.
Planning involves looking at what is possible and considering a wide range of alternatives.
Planning involves making informed, thoughtful decisions.
Planning involves making in-formed, thoughtful decisions.
Planning involves more than just coloring a map or filling up vacant areas with uses.
Planning involves publications, publicity, registration, catering, programming and other duties.
Planning involves research, analysis, and communicating the results of planning.
Planning involves reviewing important details prior to the demonstration.
Planning involves the simulation and virtual execution of processes through computer applications.
Planning is a basic step in fire protection management.
Planning is a central management role in any organization.
Planning is a challenge.
Planning is a challenging and ever-changing profession.
Planning is a challenging and interesting work opportunity.
Planning is a challenging profession which needs lively and committed people.
Planning is a continuous operation.
Planning is a continuous process.
Planning is a critical area that many Boards neglect.
Planning is a critical step to any project.
Planning is a deciding factor for success.
Planning is a discipline that is difficult to achieve and difficult to maintain.
Planning is a discipline to be learned.
Planning is a dynamic and exciting field.
Planning is a family function.
Planning is a form of learning.
Planning is a function of primacy.
Planning is a future-oriented and comprehensive process.
Planning is a good thing to do.
Planning is a great deal easier when centered around an idea, activity or event.
Planning is a great habit for authors and illustrators.
Planning is a key component for achieving our goals.
Planning is a key component to more effective and efficient government.
Planning is a key element in working toward financial independence in retirement.
Planning is a key skill for setting a course of action for reaching goals.
Planning is a key to putting together a winning website.
Planning is a key.
Planning is a kind of search in which one constructs a course of action to meet specific goals.
Planning is a learned skill.
Planning is a little harder.
Planning is a mark of good community sense.
Planning is a matter of answering questions.
Planning is a means of anticipating the future and organizing activities in response.
Planning is a means of making tomorrow happen.
Planning is a natural extension of prediction.
Planning is a necessity if a community wants to have any control over future development.
Planning is a normal process in learning the complexities of rulesets.
Planning is a notoriously hard combinatorial search problem.
Planning is a perpetual process.
Planning is a pervasive process within public policy-making and private development.
Planning is a primary task of management.
Planning is a problem in forming procedural networks that satisfy all posted constraints.
Planning is a problem solving technique.
Planning is a process.
Planning is a profession dedicated to helping society manage change.
Planning is a profession for people who want to improve the quality of life in cities and regions.
Planning is a profession that is dedicated to managing change.
Planning is a progressive and reiterative process.
Planning is a rapidly expanding field, and geographers are filling a great many jobs.
Planning is a science and proper planning is an art.
Planning is a team effort.
Planning is a terminal degree.
Planning is a time-intensive process.
Planning is a tool to promote long-term, sustainable economic development.
Planning is a tool, a process for helping to create the good life.
Planning is a trial and response process.
Planning is a UK weekly news magazine concerned with planning and the natural and built environment.
Planning is a very important part of a successful portrait.
Planning is a very important part of every school year as well as each school day.
Planning is a very important part of tag application.
Planning is a very important part of using plant analysis.
Planning is a vital skill.
Planning is a way of deciding how to manage state lands.
Planning is a weekly magazine.
Planning is a well documented management tool for organizations.
Planning is a wide-ranging field that touches each of our lives on a daily basis.
Planning is a worthwhile and useful process.
Planning is a year-round process.
Planning is about cities, regions, small towns and rural areas.
Planning is about how to use land responsibly.
Planning is about making choices.
Planning is about more than statistics.
Planning is about the design of conversation.
Planning is about the future development and use of land.
Planning is about the future.
Planning is about to begin for the second annual Great Lake State Week.
Planning is absent.
Planning is absolutely essential in marketing.
Planning is accomplished through an annual planning cycle.
Planning is ad hoc with no overall strategic approach.
Planning is ahead of schedule.
Planning is all important in surgery.
Planning is all important when it comes to wedding videos.
Planning is all important.
Planning is all.
Planning is almost complete for the fruit tour of New Zealand next year.
Planning is already at the national level.
Planning is already difficult without another layer of government.
Planning is already under way.
Planning is already underway and early indications point toward a successful spring conference.
Planning is already underway for next year's Fashion Show.
Planning is already underway for next year's meeting in Hamilton, Ontario.
Planning is already underway for programs to be offered after the first two.
Planning is already underway for what looks to be great celebration.
Planning is already underway.
Planning is already well underway for the regular church year.
Planning is also a function of government enabled by legislation and overseen by judicial processes.
Planning is also critical because conditions in the park can be harsh.
Planning is also critical to provide continuity of care to patients and to store medical records.
Planning is also in progress to provide ISDN access to rental housing.
Planning is also necessary to set the scene for informal learning.
Planning is also underway for a faculty of medical sciences.
Planning is also underway for an African documentary and media training institute.
Planning is also underway for food booths, bands and children's workshops and games.
Planning is also underway for the population based patient education project.
Planning is also underway to develop an intra-net system to complement our new cabling system.
Planning is also underway to explore new methods for expanded behavioral surveillance.
Planning is also wonderful fun.
Planning is always better than reacting.
Planning is always better when done in advance.
Planning is always the key to a successful event and good planning ensures that all can participate.
Planning is always the key to effective use of technology.
Planning is always the key to success in teaching.
Planning is always there, but there is also budget reality.
Planning is always underway, as is action.
Planning is an action taken prior to completion of transactions.
Planning is an action word.
Planning is an activity that has been ongoing since the beginning of civilization.
Planning is an activity that is performed at multiple levels within the college.
Planning is an art and very dynamic, so one has to stay flexible.
Planning is an essential element to get the maximum benefit from a safety stand-down.
Planning is an essential ingredient for successful workshop presentations.
Planning is an essential management skill.
Planning is an exercise that is easy to shrug off.
Planning is an exercise, like other exercises.
Planning is an important component of multimedia projects.
Planning is an important component of the model.
Planning is an important element of success.
Planning is an important issue.
Planning is an important part of any photography trips into the desert.
Planning is an important part of the curriculum in the classroom.
Planning is an important part of the process, but it can never be a substitute for strategy.
Planning is an important part of the work of councils.
Planning is an ineffective way to bring about change.
Planning is an integral part of the management process.
Planning is an interdisciplinary activity.
Planning is an iterative or evolving process beginning with a statement of objectives or goals.
Planning is an iterative procedure.
Planning is an iterative process with a primary goal of institutional learning and empowerment.
Planning is an occasion for a community to band together.
Planning is an ongoing approach to guide future development through the County Comprehensive Plan.
Planning is an ongoing process.
Planning is an on-going process.
Planning is an orderly procedure that brings about a desired result.
Planning is an overhead function.
Planning is another issue for interested students to consider.
Planning is another key to success.
Planning is as broad as the area of primary public concern.
Planning is as critical to an experienced teacher as it is to a beginning teacher.
Planning is as much a process as a result.
Planning is at a very early stage.
Planning is available for company golf tournaments.
Planning is available for florists, entertainment and much more.
Planning is based on assessment information, including vocational assessment.
Planning is basic to sound operations.
Planning is better than reacting.
Planning is both a science and an art.
Planning is both an art and a discipline.
Planning is by democratic consent rather than by dictatorial blueprint.
Planning is centered on several areas of activity.
Planning is central to the attainment of all goals.
Planning is certainly a key issue.
Planning is cheaper than going so check it out.
Planning is complete for the morning topic for the meeting.
Planning is complete.
Planning is complex and boring.
Planning is comprehensive.
Planning is concerned with the management of change in the natural and built environment.
Planning is conducted only with U.S. or Canadian sources.
Planning is considerable.
Planning is continued.
Planning is continuous.
Planning is coordinated through conferences and liaison visits between units and agencies concerned.
Planning is critical .
Planning is critical for all new and existing water systems.
Planning is critical for nonprofits.
Planning is critical for successful software installation.
Planning is critical in teaching.
Planning is critical now.
Planning is critical to a successful Web site.
Planning is critical to audit efficiency, many practitioners believe.
Planning is critical to community collaboration.
Planning is critical to conducting a successful panel interview.
Planning is critical to efficient web-site design.
Planning is critical to successfully reaching goals.
Planning is critical to the effective use of computerized information systems.
Planning is critical to the process.
Planning is critical when it comes to saving time.
Planning is critical.
Planning is crucial and anticipating is the secret to being prepared.
Planning is crucial to any growth.
Planning is crucial to good design.
Planning is crucial to the overall success of any project.
Planning is crucial to the success of a speaker phone conversation.
Planning is crucial to undertaking any major electoral process and is a key responsibility.
Planning is crucial.
Planning is currently under way for a second research building.
Planning is currently underway for future enhancements to the budget process.
Planning is currently underway for several one-day seminars.
Planning is currently underway to introduce a new discipline-specific production training model.
Planning is customized to the client's specific needs and is tightly integrated.
Planning is dead because change is so rapid.
Planning is definitely a learnable skill.
Planning is derivative from the second step.
Planning is detailed by period and can have several versions.
Planning is devalued because related business processes are out of sync.
Planning is difficult because it requires common-sense information about the world.
Planning is difficult for many people, but it's a necessity.
Planning is difficult or impossible because of the other party's unpredictability.
Planning is done as a combined effort between business and technical people.
Planning is done by a team representing several disciplines.
Planning is done by sector.
Planning is done in teams and is continually refined.
Planning is done on a team basis, first from top down and then from bottom up.
Planning is done one year in advance.
Planning is done routinely in a serial manner.
Planning is done together after cooking each week and member preferences are taken into account.
Planning is done via a district team.
Planning is done with a master list.
Planning is dynamic and open ended.
Planning is emphasized as a prelude to effective policy at the national, state and regional levels.
Planning is especially important in order to prepare for the hot days of summer.
Planning is especially important when working with very young children.
Planning is especially important.
Planning is essential because the party who is best prepared obtains the best result.
Planning is essential for an effective inspection.
Planning is essential for determining law firm long-term needs.
Planning is essential for efficient and economic use of alfalfa in a livestock production system.
Planning is essential for total management success.
Planning is essential in redevelopment congregations.
Planning is essential to all aspects of today's businesses and industries.
Planning is essential to an attractive, manageable garden.
Planning is essential to an effective recruitment plan.
Planning is essential to ensuring smooth implementation and positive outcomes.
Planning is essential to good management of higher education.
Planning is essential to having a child's party.
Planning is essential to make the transition easier and successful.
Planning is essential to meeting the for-profit goal.
Planning is essential to minimise problems.
Planning is essential to the success of the interview.
Planning is essential when providing play opportunities.
Planning is essential with any college endeavor - especially with an aviation major.
Planning is essential.
Planning is even more important than choosing the right holiday gift.
Planning is even more strongly rewarded than in typical Wargames.
Planning is everything.
Planning is evident.
Planning is expensive.
Planning is extremely important in saving lives.
Planning is extremely important, time consuming and critical for a successful meeting.
Planning is fast and easy and usually can be completed in a single, short phone call.
Planning is first-class.
Planning is focused on change.
Planning is for displaying it during visits to various air shows and auto shows in the Midwest.
Planning is for people.
Planning is for tomorrow, designing news is for the decade.
Planning is fundamental to successful implementation of projects from conception to completion .
Planning is fundamental.
Planning is fundamentally about attempting to shape and control events in the future.
Planning is good and most teachers have high expectations of pupils.
Planning is good, but it's all in the implementation.
Planning is good.
Planning is half the fun and there can be numerous details.
Planning is hard work.
Planning is important and serves many significant purposes.
Planning is important because droughts are inevitable.
Planning is important because it creates a clear vision and action plan for the parish.
Planning is Important Failing to plan is planning to fail.
Planning is important for setting a direction, but it can never anticipate all the variables.
Planning is important prior to implementation.
Planning is important since degree requirements are quite specific and differ for each college.
Planning is important to eat well in older age.
Planning is important to insure that our users needs are met.
Planning is important, but actions are the source of success.
Planning is important, but great leaders know when to throw the plans away.
Planning is important, but it is action that gets things done.
Planning is important.
Planning is in full swing for the synagogue renovation.
Planning is in high gear for the event.
Planning is in order.
Planning is in progress for a first-floor restaurant as well.
Planning is in progress for migration to a new system next year.
Planning is in progress with full announcement anticipated in early fall.
Planning is in progress.
Planning is in the begining stages for the event.
Planning is in the beginning stages.
Planning is in the early stages.
Planning is in the works.
Planning is indeed a rich and rewarding profession.
Planning is irrelevant because the environment changes too quickly.
Planning is just busywork.
Planning is just the beginning of the project management process.
Planning is key in designing a web site.
Planning is key to any internship.
Planning is key to being efficient and successful in a bed renewal project.
Planning is key to developing a successful topic and manuscript.
Planning is key to placing patients in control and respecting their wishes.
Planning is key to success of company processes.
Planning is key to the success of the performance appraisal process.
Planning is key, they agree.
Planning is key.
Planning is like a puzzle.
Planning is like the mid-fielder on a soccer team.
Planning is local .
Planning is made easy with the calendar of events in each issue.
Planning is made more difficult by the constraints of nature.
Planning is made simple through advanced inventory projection tools.
Planning is mainly a kind of wisdom for implementing good changes.
Planning is mandatory for business success.
Planning is messy.
Planning is more art than science.
Planning is more than dreaming.
Planning is most important for the success of the surgery.
Planning is much like designing a product.
Planning is much, much easier.
Planning is necessary for any business to succeed.
Planning is necessary only in that it is needed to define goals and vision.
Planning is necessary to avoid the consequences of crisis and conflict management of projects.
Planning is necessary, but so is flexibility.
Planning is necessary.
Planning is needed before creating a geothermal greenhouse project.
Planning is needed for deployable support.
Planning is needed for housing and archiving such documents in their electronic forms.
Planning is needed to achieve desired results.
Planning is needed to complete the required or recommended courses needed for college.
Planning is needed to effectively manage the forest for the future.
Planning is needed to ensure that Faculty-wide initiatives are sustainable.
Planning is never about knowing what's going to happen.
Planning is no fun.
Planning is no longer a luxury confined to larger companies.
Planning is no longer an option for government.
Planning is now complete, and fund-raising has begun.
Planning is now for smaller, less expensive missions requiring shorter development times.
Planning is now in progress to identify and prioritize parking areas.
Planning is now merely PR material which presents a corporate image.
Planning is now progress.
Planning is now under way for a major library development and construction program in the county.
Planning is now underway for a major celebration.
Planning is now underway for a multitude of workshops, seminars, lectures, and conferences.
Planning is now underway for our thirteenth home, at a site to be determined.
Planning is now underway for the next stage of renovations.
Planning is now underway on the two subsequent years.
Planning is now underway, and restoration work has begun.
Planning is now underway.
Planning is of high quality.
Planning is of the utmost importance in seeing the project to completion.
Planning is of utmost importance for success with raised beds.
Planning is on schedule.
Planning is on track.
Planning is one key to preventing pain of procedures.
Planning is one of any manager's main goals.
Planning is one of the four functions of management.
Planning is one of the most challenging problems.
Planning is one of the most crucial elements of effective practice.
Planning is one of the most important aspects in the upgrade process.
Planning is one of the most important aspects of radiation treatment for breast cancer.
Planning is one of the most important BMPs.
Planning is one of the most important parts of a vegetable garden.
Planning is one of the most overlooked aspects of programming and webpage production.
Planning is one thing, execution is another.
Planning is one thing.
Planning is ongoing and some events are subject to change.
Planning is ongoing for follow-up drilling in the second quarter.
Planning is only effective if it is done with a goal in mind.
Planning is only the first step.
Planning is only valuable when the plans are used.
Planning is out and streamlining is in.
Planning is out best friend.
Planning is overlooked.
Planning is paramount.
Planning is particularly important to safeguard the interests of children.
Planning is particularly important when it comes to transitioning in the workplace .
Planning is performed at various levels at various times during the execution of a project.
Planning is positive in other ways.
Planning is primarily for controlling growth for an orderly society of stakeholders.
Planning is quesswork at best.
Planning is reactionary rather than anticipatory.
Planning is really a mix of sociology, psychology and geography.
Planning is required before any service can be delivered.
Planning is required for a successful career and planning begins with self knowledge.
Planning is required to reduce vulnerability.
Planning is required, commencing before the autumn calving.
Planning is required.
Planning is restricted to what already exists and how to improve it.
Planning is scientific.
Planning is seen as interference.
Planning is shared between teachers, school library media specialists, and students.
Planning is similar to worry, except it is productive.
Planning is simple, that task almost fun and the job is well done.
Planning is simplified.
Planning is simply an articulation of assumptions.
Planning is so important to mental health.
Planning is something everyone does.
Planning is sometimes the best part of gardening, after all.
Planning is still in progress.
Planning is still in the early stages, and no serious cost estimates have been published.
Planning is still in the early stages.
Planning is still in the talking stage.
Planning is still the essential foundation of success.
Planning is still underway for the deployment schedule.
Planning is still underway with a goal of proposal completion by the end of quarter.
Planning is still underway, but an outline of the program is available now at the forum web site .
Planning is strongest at the service centre level.
Planning is structured, i.e. a process is used.
Planning is successful only if it changes the way routine decisions are made and implemented.
Planning is suggested and discussed.
Planning is supposed to help anticipate future needs before a crisis emerges.
Planning is tailored to each system.
Planning is taught by certified instructors, people with real business experience.
Planning is tedious but critical.
Planning is the ability to monitor, influence, and profit from change.
Planning is the activity of managing change in the built and natural environment.
Planning is the antidote to pandemonium, and lots of people have been making lots of plans.
Planning is the basis for successful management action.
Planning is the best way to prepare for a fire.
Planning is the best way to start.
Planning is the biggest step.
Planning is the buzzword for enhanced efficiency.
Planning is the complete foundation on which the manufacturing system stands.
Planning is the cornerstone of any manger's job because it dictates the other functions.
Planning is the critical element to being both efficient and productive.
Planning is the critical thing.
Planning is the crucial element in any rehabilitation project.
Planning is the development of a vision of the future that guides real-time decision making.
Planning is the dynamic process by which options are developed and maintained.
Planning is the emphasis in our tax department.
Planning is the essence of zoning says the judiciary in New York State.
Planning is the first and most critical element of the budget process.
Planning is the first and probably most important phase of mobilization.
Planning is the first management skill.
Planning is the first phase and includes the five component parts of an operation.
Planning is the first priority.
Planning is the first step and the one step that most organizations overlook in building a Web site.
Planning is the first step towards a good web site.
Planning is the foundation of successful group writing projects.
Planning is the function of moving forward while staying alert.
Planning is the hard part.
Planning is the heart of improved competitiveness.
Planning is the key . . .
Planning is the key here.
Planning is the key in determining which buildings qualify.
Planning is the key in school and with personal finances.
Planning is the key ingredient.
Planning is the key so take time to understand the rules before the flight.
Planning is the key to a satisfying move.
Planning is the key to a solution.
Planning is the key to a successful application.
Planning is the key to a successful conference.
Planning is the key to a successful reunion.
Planning is the key to a successful study abroad experience.
Planning is the key to a successful study-abroad experience.
Planning is the key to a successful, cost-effective production.
Planning is the key to a well-organized and easy to follow web page.
Planning is the key to any successful business.
Planning is the key to any successful event.
Planning is the key to any successful house move.
Planning is the key to attracting financial support.
Planning is the key to avoid trips for fast food.
Planning is the key to avoiding extensive pheasant losses during severe winters.
Planning is the key to comfort.
Planning is the key to getting in and out of the store quickly.
Planning is the key to good fencing.
Planning is the key to implementing the wishes, hopes and aspirations of the people.
Planning is the key to making recovery testing effective and efficient.
Planning is the key to our success.
Planning is the key to quality distance education.
Planning is the key to safe and successful gatherings.
Planning is the key to saving lives.
Planning is the key to success .
Planning is the key to success for all types of businesses.
Planning is the key to success for any start-up.
Planning is the key to success.
Planning is the key to successful photography.
Planning is the key with teenagers.
Planning is the key, and being really ready for change.
Planning is the key.
Planning is the longer-term counterpart of scheduling in managing a steelmaking operation.
Planning is the map to follow.
Planning is the most difficult and even tedious aspect of a project.
Planning is the most important aspect of successful conservation landscaping.
Planning is the most important part of any web effort.
Planning is the most important part of starting and running a successful business.
Planning is the most important phase of evaluation.
Planning is the most important process for implants.
Planning is the most important step in starting a nature tourism business.
Planning is the most vital aspect of every salesperson's day.
Planning is the name of the game.
Planning is the next step.
Planning is the organization and action needed to carry out the other two components.
Planning is the planning cornerstone of a company's e-business infrastructure.
Planning is the power source of performance.
Planning is the primary management focus.
Planning is the privilege and responsibility of local communities, and they do it best.
Planning is the process of defining work units for mechanics to perform on the maintenance floor.
Planning is the process of developing a method of action or procedure to reach a goal.
Planning is the process that makes a vision happen.
Planning is the profession that is dedicated to helping society manage change.
Planning is the reason most regional councils exist.
Planning is the requester's responsibility.
Planning is the responsibility of each and every community member.
Planning is the second step.
Planning is the solution to the problem.
Planning is the solution.
Planning is the starting point for all endeavors.
Planning is the stuff great cites are made of.
Planning is the theoretical concept.
Planning is the thinking that precedes the doing.
Planning is the thinking that takes place before the action occurs.
Planning is the to saving people.
Planning is the ultimate key to increasing productivity and reducing stress.
Planning is the vital adjunct to state ownership in the Marxist programme.
Planning is the way in which a teacher plans for, adjusts, and follows up on instruction.
Planning is therefore a practical activity, I.E. it is practice.
Planning is therefore more crucial and the chances of being injured is much larger.
Planning is therefore opportunistic.
Planning is time well-spent.
Planning is time-consuming.
Planning is to have a two days show.
Planning is typically a joint activity whereas drafting, the second phase, is solitary.
Planning is under way for at least one other summer session in New Castle County, as well.
Planning is under way for phase three.
Planning is under way for similar events in other states from coast to coast.
Planning is under way for the annual Election Day Bake Sale.
Planning is under way in AcCS now.
Planning is under way to find a pair of juvenile captive-bred birds.
Planning is under way to institute new efforts in the campus recycling program.
Planning is under way to integrate the two carriers' network facilities.
Planning is under way, and big decisions are being made.
Planning is under way.
Planning is underway and funds are sought to create an intramural sports and fitness center.
Planning is underway for a doctoral degree in communication.
Planning is underway for a new series of projects with local arts organizations.
Planning is underway for a ten year reunion.
Planning is underway for accelerated cleanup along the river.
Planning is underway for an acute stroke unit and stroke sub-acute unit.
Planning is underway for an even bigger and better seminar next year.
Planning is underway for an event at a spring meeting.
Planning is underway for an idea competition to get input on pedestrian and bicycle facilities.
Planning is underway for future enhanced services.
Planning is underway for future regional exhibits .
Planning is underway for future regional exhibits.
Planning is underway for next season's events.
Planning is underway for next years meeting.
Planning is underway for protests, press conferences, resolutions, letter campaigns, and more.
Planning is underway for provision of a steady funding source.
Planning is underway for public participation to get input on pedestrian and bicycle facilities.
Planning is underway for remedial measures.
Planning is underway for replacing the wheelchair lift at the north entry with a ramp.
Planning is underway for spring, summer, and fall.
Planning is underway for the academic server replacement programme for the summer vacation.
Planning is underway for the annual chapter banquet.
Planning is underway for the arrival of the solar arrays.
Planning is underway for the construction of a purpose-built facility within the next few years.
Planning is underway for the fall and winter schedules.
Planning is underway for the Metadata follow up workshops.
Planning is underway for the next Asymmetrical PNs meeting.
Planning is underway for the winter orientation session.
Planning is underway now for the fall event.
Planning is underway on future projects.
Planning is underway to begin similar field tests in Europe, Japan and Korea.
Planning is underway to connect to similar European and Asian networks within the year.
Planning is underway to create one multimedia classroom in eight different buildings.
Planning is underway to create the following high school charts.
Planning is underway to develop a series of professionalism courses for undergraduate engineers.
Planning is underway to embark on a significant endowment campaign over the next three years.
Planning is underway to establish PDCs in East Africa and Central Asia.
Planning is underway to establish procedures for sites to utilize the data.
Planning is underway to form an ad hoc working group to undertake the project.
Planning is underway to include interdisciplinary projects.
Planning is underway to move all the public health groups to a single site.
Planning is underway to preserve and protect the historically significant area.
Planning is underway to provide access in campus computing labs and dialing up from home.
Planning is underway to reopen the rest of the trail.
Planning is underway to restore a rare cedar glade community.
Planning is underway to submit an application for a third allocation for the area.
Planning is underway to update and extend the material.
Planning is underway to upgrade onboard displays and quadruple the number of exhibits.
Planning is underway via teleconference calls.
Planning is underway with collaborating partners meeting regularly.
Planning is underway, and first mailing has been sent out.
Planning is underway.
Planning is useful in emergency situations, too.
Planning is usually top down but can be bottom up.
Planning is very important because the system allows only a limited time to make entries.
Planning is very important.
Planning is viewed as a search through the space of operator applications and plan orderings.
Planning is vital before moving to projects.
Planning is vital for shift workers.
Planning is vital if companies are to achieve a smooth and seamless transition to the euro.
Planning is vital in such a volatile and harsh business environment.
Planning is vital part of a successful event.
Planning is vital, but it's no substitute for practice.
Planning is vital.
Planning is weather dependent.
Planning is well advanced.
Planning is well in hand for significant and necessary capital expenditures at the Meeting.
Planning is well in hand for the conference.
Planning is well under way.
Planning is well underway for at least one other station in Europe.
Planning is well underway for service increases in the pediatric speech language pathology area.
Planning is well underway for the conference.
Planning is well underway for the upcoming legislative session.
Planning is well underway getting ready for the second annual conference.
Planning is well underway to make it an unforgettable experience for all who attend.
Planning is well underway.
Planning is what ends up being the heart of the whole operation.
Planning is what makes it work.
Planning is what makes things happen.
Planning is what prevents burnout.
Planning is where all activity starts.
Planning is worthwhile for several reasons, and there are many advantages in planning.
Planning is, of course, a dynamic and fluid process.
Planning is, of course, the prime loss prevention tool.
Planning is, therefore, the first order of business when a census is to be taken.
Planning just goes out of the window.
Planning Keep it simple.
Planning keep lectures on the educational track by creating a structure for the content.
Planning keeps things predictable-and controlled.
Planning lays the groundwork for an efficient and effective process.
Planning leads to an orderly life.
Planning leads to disorder and confusion.
Planning leads to order.
Planning leads to successful marketing.
Planning Look here at the needs assessment instruments.
Planning Make an outline or plan of the proposed adventure.
Planning makes a big difference.
Planning makes a substantial difference to the possibility of surviving an incident.
Planning makes any emergency easier to handle.
Planning makes perfect Have a game plan in mind when making the decision to campaign.
Planning makes retirement work.
Planning makes the difference.
Planning makes the management of finances more thorough and exact.
Planning makes thing successful.
Planning manages the review of all subdivision plats, lot splits, and special use permits.
Planning means meeting daily deadlines for stories and photos.
Planning means success.
Planning means thinking ahead and working out a schedule.
Planning means thinking.
Planning minimizes problems that come up during construction of a new house.
Planning necessarily involves critical choices.
Planning needs to be associated with a number of specific strategies doing strategies.
Planning needs to be executed in some cases over a year in advance.
Planning needs to be holistic and integrated in school-level change and district planning.
Planning needs to be responsive, flexible, and ongoing.
Planning needs to begin immediately.
Planning needs to begin soon.
Planning needs to emerge from artistic vision about places.
Planning needs to include technical, tactical, fitness and psychological needs of players.
Planning needs to occur at the county level.
Planning needs to prioritise the services.
Planning needs to result in employment options which can be increased through supported employment.
Planning needs to start soon for many of the events of the school year.
Planning now can provide the family with options.
Planning now provides an opportunity to save some dollars on weed control costs.
Planning now takes place year-round.
Planning occurs at two levels.
Planning occurs in the frontal lobes, one type of metacognitive thinking.
Planning operates along a spectrum.
Planning pays big dividends.
Planning pays dividends.
Planning pays incredible dividends down the road.
Planning pays off.
Planning performs work specific to planning services in the unincorporated areas.
Planning preceeds the writing and dominates as the writing is produced.
Planning prevents poor resumes.
Planning prevents wall damage.
Planning proceeds apace for next year's event.
Planning promotes the public good by helping to shape a sound economy.
Planning protects land from fire.
Planning provides a clear understanding of the contribution of all groups to student achievement.
Planning provides a smooth transition to a new care-giver and a new home.
Planning provides a standard of measurement.
Planning provides considerable opportunities for leadership.
Planning provides direction and purpose.
Planning provides parameters which adapt process models to different contexts.
Planning provides predictability regarding future development.
Planning reaches around obstacles using a posture-based model.
Planning reaches by evaluating stored postures.
Planning reduces flexibility.
Planning reduces the chance of failure .
Planning reduces the chance of failure.
Planning reduces the chances of a nasty surprise as the campaign develops.
Planning reduces the hazards of working with a chain saw.
Planning reduces the likelihood of employment discrimination claims.
Planning requires a systematic approach.
Planning requires an aggregate plan, a master production schedule and a material requirements plan.
Planning requires an organized mind.
Planning requires commitment, time, and organization.
Planning requires consultation, and consultation imparts knowledge.
Planning requires information.
Planning requires long-range thinking and constant attention to detail.
Planning requires paying attention to details and following written and oral directions.
Planning requires seeing health care delivery as an ever-changing phenomenon.
Planning requires thinking things through.
Planning requires thinking.
Planning responds to information.
Planning ritualistically begins for next week's soiree'.
Planning saves money.
Planning saves time and is the key to an effective visual presentation.
Planning seems to be a relatively late developing skill.
Planning sets the context in which to do certain things.
Planning sets the stage for our customer's satisfaction and success using our products.
Planning sets the strategy and provides the roadmap to achieve business objectives.
Planning shows better stewardship and can save money.
Planning simply means what to do, how to do it, when to do it and who is to do what.
Planning starts from where a community wants to go.
Planning starts many months in advance.
Planning starts with purpose.
Planning starts with sorting out the status quo of user rights.
Planning stirs up issues around turf and budget.
Planning succeeds only on the basis of comprehensive information.
Planning supports command by providing long range planning.
Planning takes commitment and consistent practice.
Planning takes knowledge.
Planning takes longer than the writing.
Planning takes other forms in that of marketing and management.
Planning takes place at a number of scales at the same time.
Planning takes several months.
Planning takes time, especially for a new team.
Planning takes time, thorough research, self-discipline and commitment.
Planning takes time, too.
Planning takes time.
Planning tends to be ad hoc and considered only as it becomes needed.
Planning thus constitutes an excellent liberal arts education.
Planning tries to optimize tomorrow the trends of today.
Planning Turn off the computer and use pencil and paper to experiment with trial layouts.
Planning typically involves the performance of a number of roles.
Planning typically is done in phases.
Planning typically takes place on two levels .
Planning yields major benefits, financially and in human currencies.
Planning often deals with creating and utilizing effective networks.
Planning often ends the day cash is received from the investors.
Planning often focuses on solving problems.
Planning often generates enthusiasm for doing.
Planning often needs to begin early in the third year.
Planning often receives little attention because issues are long-term as opposed to immediate.
Planning usually occurs weeks and sometimes months before that.
All planning begins with the desire for change and security.
All planning is checked by senior dosimetrist or medical physicist.
All planning is done, first and foremost, prayerfully.
All planning is worthless if there is no power available, say sources, who worry about a shortage.
All planning needs to be made in the very best interest of the child.
All planning reflects the diverse populations that have played a roles in Minnesota's history.
Any planning is better than no planning.
More planning is required.
Most planning is from the center of the city.
Much planning goes into golf course design.
Much planning goes into scheduling a journey.
Much planning goes into the process so that implementation can be as smooth as possible.
Some planning ahead can make it a pleasant experience as well as a learning experience.
Some planning also takes place on the trips themselves and by e-mail discussions.
Some planning is easy and exciting, and more welcomed than others.
Some planning is essential however.
Some planning is evident.
Some planning is necessary here, with some human players needed to cover the escape routes.
Some planning is required and more communication channels are established.
Some planning is required to gain familiarity with the area before going.
Some planning is required, some persistence is critical.
Some planning is required.
Some planning simply requires common sense.
Some planning takes a little time.
Planographic printing is a writing
Planographic printing is done from an even or level plane.
Planographic printing is thus distinct from intaglio printing , relief printing , and embossing .
Plant anatomy focuses on the internal structure of plants.
Plant anatomy involves studies at the light and electron microscope level.
Plant architecture can also influence thrips population levels.
Plant architecture influences light capture.
Plant assets are intangible assets used in the operations of a business.
Plant assets are physical assets, such as buildings and equipment.
Plant associates vary across the extensive range of snowbrush ceanothus.
Plant associations are unique ecosystems categorized by their species composition.
Plant biologists are more than just well-educated green thumbs.
Plant biologists classify several different types of fleshy fruits.
Plant biologists have a field course in southern Portugal.
Plant biologists know plants.
Most plant biologists know plants.
Some plant biologists become victims.
Some plant biologists maintain that the banana was one of the first crops to be domesticated by man.
Plant biology is an exciting field of science which covers a wide spectrum of topics.
Plant biology is the study of plants as organisms.
Plant biotechnology is an emerging area.
Plant biotechnology requires both human resources ad infrastructure.
Plant breeders breed for high levels of specific resistance to certain diseases.
Plant breeders can select genes which confer herbicide in new crop varieties.
Plant breeders form gene combinations which enhance certain desirable traits by breeding hybrids.
Plant breeders gain site-specific performance information for advanced lines and new releases.
Plant breeders have to take into account the needs of human actors.
Plant breeders look at the combined action of all the genes in a large population of plants.
Plant breeders rely on centers of diversity for genes to fortify crops.
Plant breeders select popcorn for genetic traits by using inbreeding.
Plant breeders strive to select varieties of host plants that have resistance to plant diseases.
Some plant breeders analyze patterns.
Some plant breeders find plants.
Some plant breeders use bands designed for marking chickens.
Plant breeding can change both simple and complex traits but varietal identity is lost.
Plant breeding is a slow science.
Plant breeding is always a continued race against pathogens as they develop and evolve.
Plant breeding is an incredibly valuable resource to farmers.
Plant breeding is conducted in a green house.
Plant breeding is genetic engineering and has existed for a very long time.
Plant breeding is underway to develop hemp cultivars adapted to Saskatchewan conditions.
Plant breeding offers tremendous value to Canadian farmers.
All plant breeding involves genetic manipulation of plants.
All plant breeding involves the genetic manipulation of plants.
A plant bug is an insect
Plant bug feeding on new growth causes new leaflets to be distorted or fall off.
Plant bugs are active and move about freely, thus avoiding the treatment.
Plant bugs are difficult to control.
Plant bugs cause abortion of pinhead squares, which leaves small scars.
Plant bugs cause considerable damage.
Plant bugs cause damage.
Plant bugs have piercing-sucking mouthparts.
Plant bugs inject a toxic saliva into the plant during feeding.
Plant bugs move to new hosts as older wild hosts mature, reduce flowering, and dry down.
Plant bugs remain generally light.
Most plant bugs cause considerable damage.
A plant cell is a cell
Plant cells appear to contain more than one kind of vacuolar compartment.
Plant cells are also notorious for having huge vacuoles.
Plant cells are amazing.
Plant cells are cells.
Plant cells are connected through plasmodesmata.
Plant cells are different from animal cells.
Plant cells are distinguished from other eukaryotic cells by various features.
Plant cells are Eukaryotic cells.
Plant cells are generally hypertonic compared to their fluid environment.
Plant cells are larger than animal cells.
Plant cells are more rectangular, and in blocks.
Plant cells are much more rigid and rectangular in shape.
Plant cells are organized into tissue that, in turn, are organized into organs and organ systems.
Plant cells are prokaryotic.
Plant cells are quite similar to animal cells.
Plant cells are rather different in two respects.
Plant cells are tessellated to form tissues .
Plant cells are totipot nt.
Plant cells are totipotent.
Plant cells are usually larger than animal cells.
Plant cells avoid bursting in hypotonic surroundings by their strong cell walls.
Plant cells become flaccid or limp.
Plant cells belong to the family of eukaryotic cell, which are most similar to the animal cells.
Plant cells can be larger than animal cells.
Plant cells can have specialized functions, and there are many cell types.
Plant cells can sometimes have big vacuoles for storage.
Plant cells can stick the wrong carbohydrates onto a human antibody.
Plant cells capture light energy and convert it into stored chemical energy through photosynthesis.
Plant cells contain a novel member of the retinoblastoma family of growth regulatory proteins.
Plant cells contain chloroplasts but no mitochondria.
Plant cells contain chloroplasts, which work as tiny energy capturing factories.
Plant cells contain far more compounds than are produced by the basic metabolism.
Plant cells divide by making a cell plate.
Plant cells divide very differently from animal cells.
Plant cells fix atmospheric carbon using energy from sunlight in a process called photosynthesis.
Plant cells grow by pumping themselves full of water.
Plant cells have a cell wall in addition, and exterior, to a cell membrane.
Plant cells have a cell wall outside the cell membrane.
Plant cells have a cell wall, large central vacuole, and plasmodesmata.
Plant cells have a cellulose cell wall surrounding the cell membrane.
Plant cells have a rigid cell wall, outside the cell membrane.
Plant cells have a stiff cell wall and a thin cell membrane.
Plant cells have a strong, sturdy cell wall.
Plant cells have an additional cell wall outer to the plasma membrane.
Plant cells have an additional phase, preprophase, that occurs before prophase.
Plant cells have an elaborate cytoskeleton of actin filaments, microtubules, and other proteins.
Plant cells have an equivalent structure.
Plant cells have cell walls and chloroplasts.
Plant cells have cell walls in which they can store water.
Plant cells have cell walls made of cellulose.
Plant cells have cell walls that are made of cellulose.
Plant cells have cell walls which are made of cellulose.
Plant cells have cell walls which provide rigid structure to the plant.
Plant cells have cell walls.
Plant cells have cell walls.
Plant cells have cellulose-bearing cell walls and chloroplasts.
Plant cells have chloroplasts that perform photosynthesis.
Plant cells have chloroplasts which have chlorophyll and a cell wall.
Plant cells have four major parts.
Plant cells have internal sacs called vacuoles that are used for storage including waste storage.
Plant cells have no breath of life.
Plant cells have one, large vacuole.
Plant cells have rigid walls that contain organs that regulate plant health and growth.
Plant cells have spindle fibers but no centrioles.
Plant cells have the same molecular components of innate defense as animals.
Plant cells have vacuoles instead of lysosomes.
Plant cells have walls made primarily of cellulose.
Plant cells lack centrioles in their microtubule-organizing centers.
Plant cells lack mitochondria.
Plant cells lack the centrioles and lysosomes found in animal cells.
Plant cells lack the formation of asters.
Plant cells make crystals of calcium oxalate in an intriguing variety of shapes.
Plant cells possess a cell wall, animals never.
Plant cells possess a cell wall.
Plant cells produce a vast mount of secondary products.
Plant cells produce both types of phosphoantigens.
Plant cells produce hormones that affect even different regions of the cell producing the hormone.
Plant cells react to osmosis by hypertonic, isotonic and hypotonic.
Plant cells release water to outside surfaces during transpiration.
Plant cells require oxygen for respiration.
Plant cells use oxygen during cellular respiration.
Plant cells use some of the glucose produced during photosynthesis for respiration.
Plant cells use the raw materials carbon dioxide and water, and release oxygen as a waste product.
Plant cells use vacuoles to adjust their size and turgor pressure.
All plant cells are surrounded by a plasma membrane, which is then surrounded by a stiff cell wall.
All plant cells are surrounded by cell walls.
All plant cells contain a primary cell wall.
All plant cells have a cell wall that surrounds the plasma membrane.
All plant cells have in addition to a plasma membrane , a cell wall.
Every plant cell can defend itself from attacking pathogenic microorganisms and invertebrates.
Many plant cells contain a large central vacuole filled with water.
Many plant cells contain crystalline inclusions of different chemical composition and shape.
Many plant cells have green chloroplasts.
Most plant cells contain membrane-encapsulated vacuoles as major components of their cytoplasm.
Most plant cells exist in that kind of setting.
Most plant cells have a single vacuole that takes up much of the cell.
Most plant cells have common features.
Most plant cells have one large one.
Most plant cells have one large vacuole.
Some plant cells are highly specialized for plant defense.
Some plant cells are specialized.
Some plant cells are, in fact, cube-shaped.
Plant City advances in the playoffs.
Plant City has a chance, but Lakeland is the favorite.
Plant City has many beautiful residential areas, including two residential historic districts.
Plant City is a twenty-five miles east of Tampa.
Plant classification can be painstakingly difficult.
Plant classification is explained and then each of the classes receives individual treatment.
Plant classification is very complex.
Plant collection is required.
Plant collections are the building blocks of a garden.
Plant collections can be informative as well as attractive.
Plant collections range from species oriented collections through thematic and display collections.
Plant collectors travel the world in hopes of shining new light on forgotten plants.
Plant color is green.
Plant communities adapt to regions.
Plant communities are associations of vegetation that reoccur across the landscape.
Plant communities are basic to that environment.
Plant communities are fragile in the highcountry.
Plant communities are natural integrators of the landscape.
Plant communities are naturally diverse, but our gardens are comparatively barren.
Plant communities are solar power stations that produce food energy for everything else.
Plant communities are the basis for virtually all terrestrial animal life.
Plant communities are varied and complex.
Plant communities change across the landscape in response to resource availability.
Plant communities contain individuals.
Plant communities develop.
Plant communities exhibit a surprising complexity.
Plant communities flourish or perish depending on their environmental conditions.
Plant communities occur in distinct zones.
Plant communities occur in disturb habitats.
Plant communities occur in habitats.
Plant communities offer shelter.
Plant communities provide a habitat for animals and significantly modify the local environment.
Plant communities provide habitats.
Plant communities range from dry upland prairie to wet prairie and wet woodland.
Plant communities range from fes cue grassland to alpine tundra.
Plant communities remain almost untouched.
Plant communities shift in close, intricate patterns reflecting the maze of drainage and soils.
Plant communities thrive here as well.
Many plant communities benefit from the seasonal presence of pilgrim pollinators.
Most plant communities adapt to regions.
Most plant communities contain individuals.
Most plant communities occur in disturb habitats.
Most plant communities occur in habitats.
Most plant communities offer shelter.
Most plant communities provide habitats.
Some plant communities ignite and carry fire more readily than others.
Some plant communities offer dispersion.
Some plant communities play roles.
Some plant communities play vital roles.
Some plant communities reduce erosion.
Some plant communities reduce soil erosion.
Plant compounds play important roles.
Plant compounds play roles.
Plant compounds undergo couple reaction.
Plant compounds undergo reaction.
Plant cover benefits a river basin in a number of ways.
Plant cover helps control rangeland soil erosion.
Plant cover is also important to reduce soil erosion.
Plant cover is non-existent over much of the dry desert.
Plant cover is sparse and discontinuous.
Plant cover is sparse, and characterized by drought tolerant brushes, succulent and annual plants.
Plant cover is usually low with wide spacing between shrubs and minimally developed understory.
Plant cover is vital to keep loosestrife from re-invading.
Some plant cover is also essential.
Plant cultivation provides the food industry with grain, sugar beets, potatoes and other products.
Plant databases contain information.
Plant death can be rapid.
Plant death depends on the completeness of coverage during application.
Plant death is also due to activity of a fungus-generated plant toxin.
Plant death is an important part of the life cycle.
Most plant death occurs from the point of green-up until leafing out.
Plant defense theories provide insight.
Most plant defenses are constitutive.
Plant development depends on cell signaling and transcriptional regulation.
Plant development increases dramatically, with the plant doubling or more in size.
Plant development is a complex process, which demands clear use of terminology to be understood.
Plant development is continuous .
Plant development is continuous.
Plant development is resumed once the embryo is fully imbibed.
Plant development is the process by which structures originate and mature as a plant grows.
Plant development is the process of a plant changing from one growth stage to another.
A plant disease is a disease
Plant disease can result from a combination of abiotic agents and biotic agents.
Plant disease epidemiologists desire tools that use the results of their research.
Plant disease plays a role in poor performance of cattle during summer.
Plant diseases are costly both in terms of yield losses and treatment costs.
Plant diseases are diseases.
Plant diseases are often beneficial to ecosystems.
Plant diseases can cause serious crop losses for the vegetable industry.
Plant diseases can easily spread from one plant to another.
Plant diseases can kill garden plants, reduce yields, or cause unsightly blemishes on produce.
Plant diseases can significantly contribute to the failure of ornamental crops.
Plant diseases cause by bacteria.
Plant diseases cause by virus, viroid and mycoplasma.
Plant diseases cause major economic losses for farmers worldwide.
Plant diseases interfere with normal growth and development.
Plant diseases require continued surveillance and investigation in order to prevent crop failures.
Most plant diseases require moisture to grow and reproduce.
Some plant diseases are seed borne.
Plant diversity leads to ecosystem productivity.
Plant diversity leads to productivity.
Plant eaters have long necks.
Plant eaters have necks.
Plant eaters have teeth.
Plant eaters need calories.
Plant eaters occupy levels.
Some plant ecologists investigate responses.
Plant ecology is the study of the interactions between plants and the environment.
Plant efficiency increases as the ratio of design capacity to actual output increases.
Some plant embryos become seeds.
Plant engineers need results.
Plant evolution dances to a different beat.
Plant extracts are the latest rage.
Plant extracts provide soothing, calming benefits for stressed skin and senses.
Plant extracts work to soften and condition skin.
Plant extracts yield a higher concentration of the active substances unlike their powdered forms.
Some plant extracts are very effective - some are very toxic.
A plant family is a family
All plant families are defined by the details of their flower parts.
Many plant families are dicots.
Many plant families have members that evolved succulence.
Plant fiber is natural fibre
Plant fibers are composed of cellulose - long chain of glucose molecules, animal fibers are protein.
Some plant fiber finds in wood.
Plant fibre is natural fibre
Plant fibres are capable of producing some amazing fabrics.
Plant fibres are strong because of the arrangement of cellulose in the cell wall.
Plant fibres are the basis of fabric such as cotton .
Plant fibres are the basis of fabric such as cotton.
Plant flowers attract bees.
Plant flowers attract hummingbirds.
Plant food becomes necessity.
Plant food comes from environments.
Plant food contains carbohydrates.
Plant food contains cholesterol.
Plant food contains compounds.
Plant food forms diets.
Plant food has fiber.
Plant food helps post-emerge chemicals work better.
Plant food improves health.
Plant food includes all types of fruits, berries, nuts, acorns, corn and other type of grain.
Plant food includes carbohydrate cellulose.
Plant food includes cellulose.
Plant food includes grain.
Plant food includes seeds from bayberry, sweet gum, poison ivy, sumac, and other weeds.
Plant food is a chemical
Plant food is a good source of protein.
Plant food is abundant, and game scarce and unpredictable.
Plant food is included.
Plant food makes flowers live longer .
Plant food manufactured by the palm is stored in the trunks.
Plant food needs to be reasonably soluble and available to plants soon after application.
Plant food provides energy.
Plant food provides enough energy.
Plant food provides minerals.
Plant foods are a great source of vitamins, minerals and fiber.
Plant foods are a powerful help in fighting heart disease .
Plant foods are essential to animal life and form the bulk of most human diets.
Plant foods are far more energy efficient than animal products.
Plant foods are low in fat, high in fiber, and loaded with protective cancer-fighting nutrients.
Plant foods are naturally low in fat.
Plant foods are poor sources of EFAs.
Plant foods are rich in folic acid which reduces homocysteine levels.
Plant foods are rich sources of antioxidant vitamins and minerals that counteract oxidation.
Plant foods are the major dietary sources of selenium in most countries throughout the world.
Plant foods are the only source of dietary fiber.
Plant foods consumed by otters include leaves, roots and algae.
Plant foods contain both simple and complex carbohydrates in various amounts.
Plant foods contain fibers, a variety of non-digestible complex carbohydrates.
Plant foods contain high amounts of fibre, are primarily low in fat and have no cholesterol.
Plant foods contain no cholesterol.
Plant foods containing both calcium and magnesium for absorption are particularly good.
Plant foods eaten include wild fruit, nuts, berries, edible leaves and plant roots.
Plant foods have favorable fatty acid compositions and are naturally low in fat.
Plant foods have great nutritional qualities.
Plant foods have no cholesterol.
Plant foods tend to be lower in zinc concentrations than animal foods.
Plant foods use fewer natural resources from the environment.
Plant foods use fewer resources from the environment.
Plant foods vary from fruits to nuts, including wild grapes, cherries, apples, berries, and acorns.
All plant foods are incomplete, except for soy.
All plant foods have good things to offer.
All plant foods have phenolics and some forms are soluble.
Many plant foods are also rich in vitamin C, which enhances iron absorption.
Many plant foods are good sources of calcium.
Many plant foods are high in folate, a B vitamin that is beneficial to the heart.
Many plant foods are high in folate, a B vitamin that is good for the heart.
Many plant foods are much higher in calcium than milk.
Many plant foods contain calcium.
Many plant foods contain natural toxins.
Most plant food becomes necessity.
Most plant food comes from environments.
Most plant food contains carbohydrates.
Most plant food contains cholesterol.
Most plant food contains compounds.
Most plant food has fiber.
Most plant food improves health.
Most plant food includes carbohydrate cellulose.
Most plant food includes cellulose.
Most plant food includes grain.
Most plant food provides energy.
Most plant food provides enough energy.
Most plant food provides minerals.
Most plant foods are a combination of both categories.
Most plant foods are a good source of insoluble fiber.
Most plant foods are naturally free from saturated fat.
Most plant foods contain both types.
Most plant foods contain it.
Most plant foods contain some of each kind.
Most plant foods contain some protein.
Most plant foods contain varying amounts of both types.
Most plant foods have a combination of both.
Some plant food includes berries.
Some plant food includes cherries.
Some plant food includes raspberries.
Some plant food includes seeds.
Some plant food includes tubers.
Some plant food includes whole berries.
Some plant food is also good from time to time.
Some plant food makes up bulk.
Some plant food makes up majorities.
Some plant foods are high in protein.
Plant form is compact, round-oval in form.
Plant form is oval to round headed.
Plant form responds to the environment.
Plant forms are representative of different parts of Oregon.
Plant fossils reflect the paleoenvironment and suggest the diet of plant-eating dinosaurs.
Plant galls come in a fascinating variety of strange forms, textures and colors. .
Plant geneticists study the origin and development of inherited traits.
Plant genomes are likely to be full of interest.
Plant genomes are the end products of long and complex evolutionary histories.
Plant growth regulators enhance ability.
Plant growth appears to slow or even die-off completely.
Plant growth becomes highly stunted.
Plant growth becomes very branched and staking is recommended.
Plant growth begins whenever air and soil temperature are above freezing most of the time.
Plant growth can also cause mechanical weathering.
Plant growth depends on photosynthesis, which depends on inputs of energy from the sun.
Plant growth depends on quantity of mobile ions from soil and water extract.
Plant growth dilutes their effectiveness.
Plant growth increases soil-water capacity.
Plant growth is a never-ending attempt by the plant to balance shoot growth with root growth.
Plant growth is affected by light, temperature, humidity, water, nutrition, and soil.
Plant growth is affected by the quantities of nutrients, light, and water available.
Plant growth is at the third string.
Plant growth is checked and potato yields are reduced.
Plant growth is dependant on sunlight for photosynthesis, hence development.
Plant growth is dependent on photosynthesis.
Plant growth is enhanced compared to unamended soils.
Plant growth is especially important on the banks of rivers, as it prevents erosion of the banks.
Plant growth is fair to good.
Plant growth is fair.
Plant growth is fairly bushy with purple stems and flowers.
Plant growth is fundamentally different from animal growth.
Plant growth is good due to the warm days and mild nights.
Plant growth is good with fruit setting and gaining size in older fields.
Plant growth is good with oldest plants forming pin beans.
Plant growth is good with youngest acreage germinating well.
Plant growth is good.
Plant growth is greater with the additive than without the additive.
Plant growth is greater with the additive.
Plant growth is highly dependent upon organic matter.
Plant growth is located in forests.
Plant growth is lush and the timber tends to be tall.
Plant growth is measured as it is affected by competition for light and nutrients.
Plant growth is more upright than other types.
Plant growth is mostly good on very limited acreage.
Plant growth is normal but slow.
Plant growth is normal.
Plant growth is profuse above and below the water's surface.
Plant growth is rangy .
Plant growth is rapid and often luxuriant, especially in the canyon bottoms.
Plant growth is reduced by the lack of air in the root zone.
Plant growth is reduced.
Plant growth is slow .
Plant growth is slow due to cooler temperatures.
Plant growth is slow due to the cool temperatures.
Plant growth is slow, so many herbs bloom at very small sizes.
Plant growth is slow.
Plant growth is sparse and game is limited.
Plant growth is stressed due to the hot, dry weather.
Plant growth is stunted, foliage is abnormally small and few buds are produced.
Plant growth is stunted.
Plant growth is supported by lights, carbon dioxide, nitrogen and trace elements.
Plant growth is tall and upright.
Plant growth is the accumulation of forage dry matter or the expansion of leaves and stems.
Plant growth is the process by which the plant grows in size.
Plant growth is usually slow.
Plant growth is very good.
Plant growth is very uniform with all bracts visible in the floral display.
Plant growth is very variable.
Plant growth is vigorous and upright and produces large volume of fruit.
Plant growth is vigorous, and requires staking.
Plant growth is vigorous, indeterminate, and requires staking.
Plant growth is vigorous, starting early in spring.
Plant growth is vigorous, upright and produces enough new canes to renew the plant.
Plant growth means irreversible increase in size that results from cell division and enlargement.
Plant growth occurs after rainfall.
Plant growth occurs in the summer and absorb carbon dioxide.
Plant growth occurs so long as photosynthesis exceeds respiration.
Plant growth requires energy.
Plant growth slows considerably at temperatures that promote cold acclimation.
Plant growth slows.
Plant growth tends to be rather slow.
Plant growth varies from upright to decumbent and weakly rhizomatous.
All plant growth is the result of cell division in specialized tissues called meristems .
All plant growth occurs by cell division and cell elongation.
Most plant growth occurs after rainfall.
Most plant growth occurs during the summer, while the blooming period occurs during the early fall.
Much plant growth seems to stop.
Some plant growth is caused by fungi.
Some plant growth is caused by pathogenic fungi.
Some plant growth is caused by pathogenic plant fungi.
Some plant growth takes places.
Plant habit exhibits excellent vigor and rapid increase.
Plant habit is dormant with tall beautiful blue-green foliage.
Plant habit is good, although plant size is small.
Plant habit is open and compact.
Plant habit is similar to the species.
Plant habit varies from stoloniferous to essentially monostem.
Plant habits range from low-growing clusters to tall, nodding show plants.
Plant hardiness is very important selection factor for trees, shrubs, and ornamental plants.
Plant health is a major factor that dictates the amount of energy reflected.
Plant health suffers because the roots are unable to absorb the nutrients they require.
A plant hormone is a material
Plant hormones affect gene expression and transcription levels, cellular division, and growth.
Plant hormones affect seed germination and dormancy by acting on different parts of the seed.
Plant hormones are hormones.
Plant hormones are important regulators of embryogenesis and seed dormancy.
Plant hormones are specialized chemical substances produced by plants.
Plant hormones are without exception small molecules.
Plant hormones can both stimulate and inhibit growth.
Plant hormones have no harmful effects on the environment.
Plant hormones mediate many environmental and developmental responses.
Plant hormones play a minor role in proper embryo formation.
Plant hormones play an integral role in controlling the growth and development of plants.
Plant hormones play roles.
Plant hormones regulate growth in plants.
Plant hormones regulate growth.
Plant hormones regulate plant growth.
Plant hormones stimulate growth.
Plant hormones stimulate root growth.
Most plant hormones play roles.
Most plant hormones regulate growth.
Most plant hormones regulate plant growth.
Most plant hormones stimulate growth.
Most plant hormones stimulate root growth.
Some plant hormones affect aspects.
Some plant hormones affect growth.
Some plant hormones affect plant growth.
Some plant hormones inhibit growth.
Some plant hormones isolate from fungi.
Some plant hormones promote cell division.
Some plant hormones promote division.
Some plant hormones stimulate cell division.
Some plant hormones stimulate division.
Plant hunters bring back variety.
Plant identification is a major component of the practical course.
Plant identification is good for high elevation plants.
Plant identification is great here too.
Plant identifications are vital to understanding the health of an ecosystem.
Most plant identification guides group plants first by the color of the flower they produce.
Plant improvement is more precise.
Plant improvements are necessary to be successfully grown in cultivation.
Plant invasions are a major threat to biodiversity worldwide.
Plant invasions are an increasingly serious global concern, especially as the climate changes.
Plant layout is a necessity.
Plant layout is economical of space, and clockwise flow of production is the rule.
Plant layout is the arrangement of machinery, equipment, and personnel within the facility.
Plant layout permits rapid expansion by adding cells to the existing line.
Plant leaves absorb energy.
Plant leaves are usually low in nitrate.
Plant leaves give off water vapour too.
Plant leaves reflect green light and absorb the other colors of the spectrum.
Plant leaves are a source of the drug digitalis and are highly poisonous.
Plant leaves are usually low in nitrate.
Plant leaves are weak electrets because they are coated with wax.
Plant leaves tend to be potential areas of water loss.
Most plant leaves absorb energy.
Some plant leaves are modified into spine to prevent transpiration.
Plant lice reproduce rapidly and have a short life cycle.
Plant life can decline due to drought , disease, or human activity.
Plant life can provide natural sources of chemicals found in many medications.
Plant life consists of mesquite bushes, cactus and lowland grasses.
Plant life covering the rocky islands is similarly varied.
Plant life depends on sunlight, moisture and good soil in order to thrive.
Plant life determines the kinds and quantities of animals an environment can support.
Plant life differs dramatically from dune ridge to dune ridge.
Plant life dissolves the rock and assimilates it into itself transforming it into plant.
Plant life exists in precarious harmony with representatives of the insect world.
Plant life exists in profusion.
Plant life has ability.
Plant life includes bald cypress, which secretes tannin that gives the river waters a dark color.
Plant life includes blueberry bushes and perennial succulents such as lady's slipper.
Plant life includes lichens and small shrubs.
Plant life includes mature hardwoods.
Plant life includes some grass and shrubs , algae , lichen , fungi , and bacteria .
Plant life includes some grass and shrubs, algae, lichen, fungi, and bacteria.
Plant life includes woody and herbaceous communities.
Plant life is able to sustain many birds all year without supplemental feeding.
Plant life is abundant as well, including a few endemic species.
Plant life is also amazingly abundant.
Plant life is an important part of freshwater ponds, helping to create a balanced ecosystem.
Plant life is an organism
Plant life is characteristic of bottom ground, offering a variety of species.
Plant life is composed of creeping shrubs, tufted grass-like plants, lichens, and mosses.
Plant life is critical to all three life cycles.
Plant life is limited to marine algae.
Plant life is limited to mosses and lichens.
Plant life is located in waterfalls.
Plant life is low growing and shallow rooted.
Plant life is predominantly representative of a mature oak-hickory forest.
Plant life is prolific with scores of aquatic and riparian plants.
Plant life is protected, too.
Plant life is really something here as in wild orchids, butterflies, and countless other varieties .
Plant life is rich in medicinal herbs, fruits and berries.
Plant life is so orderly and perfect, it s incredible.
Plant life is sparse in the desert and wildlife depends on it to survive.
All plant life contains some aluminum in a hydrophilic chelated colloidal form.
Most plant life has ability.
Some plant life have special requirements to retain ther visual vibrancy while being illustrated.
Some plant life helps predators.
Plant location decisions need analyses.
Plant location decisions need detail analyses.
A plant material is a material
Plant material becomes progressively more important after the first three weeks.
Plant material contains both digestible and indigestible fibre.
Plant material contains cellulose which is indigestible to many non-herbivorous animals.
Plant material forms a small part of the diet.
Plant material forms the primary part of the shiner's diet.
Plant material helps enrich the soil by speeding the decay of organic matter.
Plant material includes aquatic angiosperms and green algae.
Plant material installed during the fall season requires watering.
Plant material is collected in early spring when plants are dormant.
Plant material is difficult to digest and low in protein.
Plant material is eaten, especially grass seeds, but also green shoots, leaves and other seeds.
Plant material is excluded from library collections.
Plant material is labeled for self-guided tours.
Plant material is labeled throughout the garden.
Plant material is only part of a generalized diet of insects, small vertebrates, and fruit.
Plant material is stemmy and fibrous.
Plant material makes up most of their diet.
Plant materials are important.
Plant materials are materials.
Plant materials are organic matter.
Plant materials come into contact.
Plant materials contain chemicals.
Plant materials improve the microclimate at and near the soil surface.
Plant materials is one of our core interest areas and one of scientific opportunity.
Plant materials make good images that are free.
Plant materials store their carbohydrates as complex carbohydrates.
All plant material is container grown and is available in various sizes.
All plant material is fresh and from good quality stock.
All plant material is guaranteed to be healthy and in growable condition.
All plant material is inspected and selected for health and form.
All plant materials contain nitrogen and carbon.
Any plant material left in the garden can attract flies.
Many plant materials have an earthy or musk smell.
Many plant materials require some degree of comminution before treatment with a solvent.
Most plant material is rated according to plant hardiness zones.
Most plant material is seasonally available.
Most plant materials come into contact.
Most plant materials contain chemicals.
Most plant materials provide adequate amounts of chloride.
Some plant materials attract pollinators.
Some plant materials come from fields.
Some plant materials come from water.
Some plant materials enter stomachs.
Some plant materials have values.
Some plant materials suspend in water.
Plant matter is consumed in late summer to fall when insect larvae are scarce.
Plant matter is preserved best in an acidic environment, like in a peat bog.
Plant matter is released into freshwater biomes from a wetland biome.
Plant matter is the most common construction material for nests.
Plant matter serves as the food basis for the rest of the animal kingdom.
Plant maturity has the greatest effect on pasture and hay quality.
Plant meristems contribute to growth.
Plant metabolism is a precursor to human existence.
Plant metabolism is adapted to use the minimum amount of nitrogen.
Plant morphology can also yield clues to taxonomic and evolutionary relationships.
Plant morphology is at an introductory level.
Plant morphology observes both the vegetative structures of plants and reproductive structures.
Plant names are actually quite simple.
Plant names are full of spelling and classification errors.
Every plant name is tied to a particular herbarium specimen called a type.
Plant nectar attracts parasitic wasps.
Plant nectar attracts wasps.
Plant nematodes feed on plants.
Plant nurseries are much like human nurseries since they mainly house young plants.
Most plant nurseries grow cactus for their stores to sell.
Plant nutrients are more concentrated inside the roots than in the surrounding soil.
Plant nutrients come from chemical soaps, washing powders, etc.
Plant nutrients exist in several forms .
Many plant nutrients occur in the soil as positively charged cations.
Some plant nutrients promote growth.
Plant nutrition can be important in fire blight treatment.
Plant nutrition comes from a combination of leaf photosynthesis and root gathering.
Plant nutrition is the study of the chemical elements that are necessary for plant growth.
Plant nutrition refers to the needs and uses of the basic chemical elements in the plant.
Plant oils are free from sulphur, heavy metals, benzol and aromatics.
Plant operation is stabilized and logged with a printer using regulatory control loops.
Plant operations receive attention.
Plant operations receive close attention.
Most plant operations receive attention.
Most plant operations receive close attention.
Plant operators make sure the machinery and the biological processes work properly together.
Plant operators oversee filling operations from a secure control area outside the station.
Plant operators report no lasting damage.
Plant operators use alum to help settle the algae out of the water.
Every plant operator is aware that nitrification efficiency decreases as the temperature falls.
A plant organ is a natural object
All plant organs contain the same three primary tissues.
All plant organs play a part in asexual reproduction.
Some plant parasites inhabit specific areas of roots while others are more general browsers.
Plant part isa object.
Plant parts have (part) sections.
Plant patents are an interesting and often overlooked part of the U.S. intellectual property system.
Plant patents are limited to single claims.
Plant patents are the only legal means of protecting a proprietary plant.
Plant patents cover asexually reproduced plants.
Plant patents cover newly invented or discovered asexually reproduced plants.
Plant patents cover newly invented, discovered, or asexually reproduced plants.
Plant patents have a duration of twenty years from the date of filling the plant patent application.
Plant patents protect asexually reproduced plants.
Plant patents protect asexually reproducible plants.
Plant patents protect new varieties of asexually reproducing plants.
Plant patents protect plants reproduced by methods other than seeds.
Plant patents work a bit differently.
Plant pathogens are a part of nature.
Many plant pathogens take advantage of wounds in order to penetrate and infect the plant.
Plant Pathologists breed resistant plants and study the interactions between a plant and a disease.
Plant pathologists can test their understanding of the costs and benefits of disease control.
Plant Pathologists learn how plants grow and are affected by disease.
Plant pathologists study the same type of things but concentrate much more on weather and dispersal.
Plant pathologists take many different approaches to diagnosing plant disease problems.
Some plant pathologists work in the field, helping farmers solve their immediate problems.
Plant pathology is a graduate degree program.
Plant pathology is the study of organisms and environmental factors that cause disease.
Plant pathology is the study of plant diseases, their causes, effects, nature, and control.
Plant pathology is the study of the cause, nature and control of diseases of plants.
Plant photosynthesis occurs in leaves.
Plant physiology is an experimental science.
Plant physiology is one of the most important and exciting areas in plant biology.
Plant physiology is the study of normal plant function.
Plant pigments are basically simple lipids containing many isoprenoid units.
Plant pigments exist in a wide variety of forms, some with highly complex and large structures.
Plant pigments have different functions.
Plant pigments play a very important role in the autumnal coloration of leaves.
Plant poachers dig the wild lily.
Plant pollen attracts beneficial insects.
Plant pollen attracts insects.
Plant pots fill with mixture.
Plant pots fill with soil mixture.
Most plant pots fill with mixture.
Most plant pots fill with soil mixture.
Plant presses are also available.
Plant productivity increases availability.
Plant propagation can also refer to the artificial or natural dispersal of plants .
Plant propagation can be a wonderfully rewarding activity.
Plant propagation can fall into two categories, sexual and asexual propagation.
Plant propagation is both an art and a science.
Plant propagation is both an art and science.
Plant propagation is the process of producing a new plant from an existing one.
Plant propagation is the process of producing more plants either asexually or sexually.
Plant propagation refers to the sexual and asexual reproduction of plants.
Plant protection is available under the Plant Patent Act for asexually reproduced plants only.
Plant protection is important to all who are involved with the business of crop production.
Plant protection is needed on most sites.
Plant protein is as easily absorbed and as useful to the body as animal protein.
Plant protein is just as effectively used to build muscle protein as is animal protein.
Plant protein is of inferior quality.
Plant protein puts less wear and tear on the kidneys than animal protein does.
Plant proteins are easier to digest than animal proteins.
Plant proteins are lower in fat than animal proteins.
Plant proteins are only partly digestible by animals that are omnivores or insectivores.
Plant proteins are usually incomplete but they can be made complete by combining certain foods.
Plant proteins find in food.
Plant proteins find in pet food.
Most plant proteins find in food.
Most plant proteins find in pet food.
Some plant proteins find in cereal grain.
Some plant proteins find in grain.
Some plant proteins have low biological values.
Some plant proteins have values.
Plant reproduction follows a continuous cycle.
Plant reproduction includes asexual and sexual.
Plant reproduction involves gamete production by a haploid generation, the gametophyte.
Plant reproduction is defined as the process by which they can produce new offspring.
Plant reproduction is important to man because man depends on plants to live.
Plant reproduction is similar to animal reproduction.
Plant reproduction is the creation of new offspring through asexual or sexual reproduction.
Plant reproduction is the process by which plants generate new individuals, or offspring.
Plant reproduction is woven into a web that includes wind, water, and animals.
All plant reproduction requires that pollen be transmitted to the female organ, or pistil .
Plant respiration is limited by the process of diffusion .
Plant root rot susceptible plants in well drain areas.
Plant roots absorb carbon dioxide needed for photosynthesis from the soil.
Plant roots absorb nitrate.
Plant roots absorb three vital nutrients.
Plant roots absorb water.
Plant roots anchor the whole plant, absorb water and nutrients.
Plant roots are able to follow the worm holes and go deeper down then with plowing.
Plant roots are able to penetrate soil deeply for extended drought resistance and stability.
Plant roots are very shallow and easily damaged by excessive rates of certain herbicides.
Plant roots begin to stabilize the soil against erosion.
Plant roots break up the surface of a rock allowing water to penetrate the cracks.
Plant roots can absorb sodium and transport it to leaf tissue where it accumulates.
Plant roots can extend into fractures and grow, causing expansion of the fracture.
Plant roots can only grow in moist soil so root tends to follow the water gradient.
Plant roots can penetrate easily to deep levels and withdraw enough soil water from there.
Plant roots can use it for their growth .
Plant roots can use it for their growth.
Plant Roots contribute astonishing quantities of organic matter and put it directly in the soil.
Plant roots create a zone of nutrient depletion around themselves.
Plant roots display very sensitive growth patterns to a range of chemical and gravitational stimuli.
Plant roots do the same thing, they hold the soil together.
Plant roots fail to thrive in wet soil so drainage is very important.
Plant roots function like a water pump, taking minerals and nutrients to every part of the plant.
Plant roots grow into cracks in rocks.
Plant roots grow into the pumice, where they act as filters and oxygenators.
Plant roots grow within the active layer, and insects burrow here.
Plant roots growing in cracks and breaking the rock apart is another example of physical weathering.
Plant roots have a difficult time extending into soil that has little air space.
Plant roots have a hard time adapting to the native soil outside of an amended planting hole.
Plant roots have difficulty extracting water from the deeper layers of clay-textured soils.
Plant roots have to grow to find the inorganic nutrients that the plant needs to stay alive.
Plant roots help to stabilize the sand.
Plant roots help water to drain or percolate into the soil.
Plant roots keep the rocks or soil loose so that water can flow through easily.
Plant roots obtain nitrogen as nitrates and ammonia from the soil.
Plant roots occur in litter, humus, and upper mineral layers.
Plant roots penetrate good soil deeply for extended drought resistance and stability.
Plant roots penetrate soil, creating excellent water channels when they die and rot away.
Plant roots play an essential role in soil development and prevention of soil erosion.
Plant roots proliferate through the soil using the burrows as easy passage.
Plant roots require oxygen for growth so adequate aeration of the medium is necessary.
Plant roots require oxygen in order to take up the water.
Plant roots rot and suffocate from too much water and too little air.
Plant roots rot.
Plant roots stabilize soil and prevent erosion.
Plant roots suffer from oxygen starvation and clay also binds water, causing plant roots to rot.
Plant roots take in or absorb nutrient ions, whereas soil colloids adsorb ions.
Plant roots take in oxygen and give off carbon dioxide.
Plant roots take up their silica as silicic acid.
Plant roots take up water.
Plant roots undergo tension as they pull the water out of a soil matrix.
Plant roots uptake water from the surrounding soil through osmosis.
Plant roots use a chemical compound in solution which is taken up from the soil particles.
Plant roots wear thin or thick-soled shoes according to the rugosity of the soil.
Most plant roots absorb nitrate.
Most plant roots absorb water.
Most plant roots go much deeper.
Most plant roots take up water.
Some plant roots grow in water.
Some plant roots provide habitats.
Some plant roots provide microbial habitats.
Some plant roots provide prime habitats.
Plant runners are a way in which some plants can asexually reproduce.
Plant sap contains an assortment of other materials in larger quantities than amino acids.
Plant sap has a high sugar content.
Plant sap is under pressure inside the plant .
Plant sap is under pressure inside the plant.
Some plant sap is excreted as honeydew, which makes the plant sticky.
Plant science has a long history.
Plant science is the fundamental life science.
Plant sciences are hands-on sciences.
A plant scientist is a biologist
Plant scientists can construct selection systems around that requirement.
Plant scientists recognize kinds.
Plant scientists use equipment found in laboratories, greenhouses, and farms.
Plant scientists use the Arlington station to study all of Wisconsin's major crops.
Many plant scientists earn a master's or doctoral degree.
Most plant scientists are very willing to talk about their careers.
Most plant scientists recognize kinds.
Some plant scientists have tools.
Some plant scientists spend most of their time in fieldwork studying crop growth.
Some plant scientists study habitats.
Some plant scientists study marine habitats.
Some plant scientists use the parallel terms monocarpy and polycarpy .
Some plant scientists use the parallel terms monocarpy and polycarpy.
Plant seeds have resistance.
Plant sex is twice as much fun.
Most plant shoots have positive phototropism .
Most plant shoots have positive phototropism.
Plant species become rare for several reasons.
Plant species exhibit different types of emergence .
Plant species have a remarkable ability of filling in the blanks.
Plant species have a salinity tolerance rating and maximum tolerable quantities are known.
Plant species vary from banksias and eucalypts to tropical plants common throughout South-East Asia.
Plant species vary in resistance to trifluralin.
Plant species vary in their ability to accumulate nitrate.
Plant species vary in their tolerance of wetland conditions.
Many plant species are especially sensitive to certain pollutants.
Many plant species are polyploid or contain polyploid taxa.
Many plant species are salt sensitive.
Many plant species are suitable for landscaping in defensible space.
Many plant species are tolerant of fire.
Many plant species can differ genetically even throughout one state.
Many plant species can grow back from even tiny fragments, thereby infesting new water bodies.
Many plant species depend almost entirely on bats for pollination.
Many plant species depend on insects for pollination.
Many plant species depend on the effects of fire for growth and reproduction.
Many plant species grow along the shores of the waterway and in the adjacent pine forest.
Many plant species grow epiphytically on the tree ferns.
Many plant species have distinct ecotypes on the sea coast, in the desert, or in the mountains.
Many plant species have morphological adaptations for occurrence in wetlands.
Many plant species occur on large archeological site , often with above the ground structures.
Many plant species reach the top of the forest by climbing the tall trees.
Many plant species require fire as a part of their life cycle.
Most plant species are hermaphrodites.
Most plant species are vascular plants with well-developed root and shoot systems.
Some plant species are desirable to provide a light ground cover for the site.
Some plant species contain chemicals that are unique and can only be found in the rainforests.
Some plant species exhibit vivid coloration in the form of iridescence.
Some plant species grow excessively and others disappear.
Some plant species have a lower tolerance to cold temperature than others.
Some plant species have male and female organs on separate plants.
Some plant species have roots above ground that provide support for the entire plant.
Some plant species integrate other environmental parameters into the decision to flower.
Some plant species occur only in serpentine areas.
Plant spores are haploid reproductive cells that grow into gametophytes by mitosis.
Plant spores produce gametophytes.
Plant spores produce multicellular gametophytes.
Most plant spores produce gametophytes.
Most plant spores produce multicellular gametophytes.
Plant stems produce roots.
Plant sterols are the source for many synthetic steroids.
Plant sterols can stop cholesterol from being absorbed from the digestive tract into the body.
Plant succession begins on bare ground with light-seeded grasses, legumes, and flowering plants.
Plant succession begins when lichens and mosses grow on rock and soil.
Plant succession replaces bare rock and soil with lush vegetation.
Plant survival depends on change environmental conditions.
Plant survival depends on conditions.
Plant survival depends on environmental conditions.
Plant taxonomists are botanists who work to identify, describe, classify and name plant species.
Plant taxonomists identify new plant species previously unknown to the field.
Plant taxonomists use a variety of leaf characteristics to classify plants.
Plant tissue consists of complex carbohydrates synthesized from simple carbohydrates.
Plant tissue is a natural object
Plant tissue is damaged as a result of plant fluid removal and injection of toxic substances.
Plant tissue is dried and the total biomass of the plot is recorded.
Plant tissue is excluded.
Plant tissue is tissue.
Plant tissues accumulate salts from lower soil horizons.
Plant tissues are characterized and classified according to their structure and function.
Plant tissues are soft and often flaccid, even under conditions of low stress for water.
Plant tissues are the only source of nitrogen for animals.
Plant tissues are very brittle, especially under conditions of low stress for water.
Plant tissues become sensitive to environmental stresses such as drought and heat.
Plant tissues harbor fascinating gaseous microenvironments.
Plant tissues undergo a slimy disintegration.
Plant tissues vary gTeatly in their chemical com- position and availability.
All plant tissues are acidic to some degree, and some are much more so than others.
Some plant tissue contains chemical compounds.
Some plant tissue contains compounds.
Some plant tissue contains more toxic compounds.
Some plant tissue contains toxic compounds.
Plant toxins cause diseases.
Plant toxins cause problems.
Plant trees bear fruit.
Plant trees bear small fruit.
Plant uptake can be important to pesticide movement.
Plant uptake is estimated, and nitrate leached by percolation out of the root zone is calculated.
Plant uptake is slow in soils with fixing clays, but faster in tropical soils.
Plant uptake is water taken from the groundwater flow and soil moisture.
Plant variety is influenced by temperature, elevation and precipitation.
Plant variety varies with seasons.
Some plant varieties appear to be resistant to leafminer attack.
Some plant varieties are rust resistant.
Some plant varieties can grow up to nine feet tall.
Some plant varieties do well in potting soil, sand, decorative rocks or pebbles.
A plant virus is a virus
Plant viruses appear to be simple organisms with as few as four genes.
Plant viruses are fairly simple creatures.
Plant viruses are pathogenic to higher plants.
Plant viruses are ubiquitous in nature infecting both crop plants and weeds.
Plant viruses are viruses that affect plants.
Plant viruses are viruses.
Plant viruses can multiply only within living cells.
Plant viruses enter their host plants only through wounds, via pollen transmission, or by vectors.
Plant viruses face special problems initiating an infection .
Plant viruses have no effect on the health of people or animals.
Plant viruses have no specific mechanism for entering the host cell.
Plant viruses offer tools to study plant cell biology and macromolecular transport in plants.
Plant viruses replicate only within host cells.
Plant viruses use various mechanisms to replicate and spread from cell to cell.
Many plant viruses are also filamentous.
Some plant viruses are transmitted by aphids.
Some plant viruses have a very limited host range and others attack numerous species.
Some plant viruses infect plants.
Some plant viruses replicate in a limited number of plant cells.
A plant is a complex
Plant absorb light by using it leaf and absorb water by using it roots.
Plant adds nitrogen to the soil.
Plant aliens that are easily spread by birds, animals, winds, or vegetative means.
Plant alliums such as garlic and chives.
Plant alstroemeria in full sun in well-drained soil.
Plant amaryllis bulbs in pots, leaving the necks of the bulbs exposed above the soil.
Plant apples on fire blight resistant rootstock, whenever possible.
Plant aquaporins and their regulation.
Plant are particularly common in place names and surnames.
Plant are the food that give people and animals energy to grow.
Plant are unthrifty or fail to grow.
Plant asters in moist, well-drained soil in full sun.
Plant attracts butterflies and hummingbirds.
Plant based diets also help reduce cholesterol.
Plant based diets are loaded in phytochemicals, vitamins, mineral and fiber.
Plant based foods contain the three critical amino acids in varying amounts.
Plant based foods have none.
Plant based glues such as wheat starch paste and methylcellulose are naturally archival.
Plant basil outdoors after all danger of frost is past.
Plant beans only on well-drained soils or try to improve drainage.
Plant becomes very massive, up to at least four feet tall.
Plant beds closely and evenly, leaving little room for weeds to grow.
Plant beets two to three weeks before the average date of last frost.
Plant breeding using marker assisted selection is a second way to use a gene map.
Plant bugs frequently cause spotting on leaves or the death and loss of buds.
Plant bugs frequently cause spotting on leaves, or the death and loss of buds.
Plant bulbs deeper in sandy soil than in clay.
Plant bulbs deeper than seed, usually three to four times the diameter of the bulb.
Plant bulbs together and in the spring enjoy the beautiful flowers.
Plant bulbs twice as deep as their height.
Plant bulbs two and one-half times deeper than their diameters.
Plant bushes around end of tunnel.
Plant bushes with thorns or spiked leaves beneath windows.
Plant cactuses closer than normally done in the garden.
Plant can become very picturesque in old age.
Plant completes in life cycle in ONE growing season.
Plant completes is life cycle in TWO growing seasons.
Plant contains saponin.
Plant contains the aromatic element cumarin .
Plant continues to grow.
Plant corms three inches deep and six inches apart in the spring.
Plant corydalis in light shade in well-drained soil.
Plant counts within the photographed area supplement transect data.
Plant cover very rare.
Plant crocuses in groups of a dozen or more of the same color for maximum effect.
Plant crocuses singly, or in groups.
Plant crops that grow underground in the third quarter.
Plant crops that like more warmth in an area with southern exposure.
Plant crowns and roots for propagation.
Plant crowns of strawberries, rhubarb, asparagus and artichokes.
Plant crowns of the same size in a row to avoid competition for food.
Plant crowns with the eyes at the soil surface.
Plant cucurbits in a location that has well-drained soil.
Plant cultivars that have insect resistance.
Plant cultivars with greater tolerance to wheat streak mosaic.
Plant cultivars with some tolerance to the pathogen.
Plant cultivars with tight husks.
Plant daffodils late in the month.
Plant daffodils when the fall soil is cool, up to any time until the ground freezes.
Plant daffodils, dutch iris, ixia, sparaxis, grape hyacinth, freesia, anemones, ranuculus.
Plant daffodils, tulips, and crocus for spring bloom.
Plant databases available on-line are only interested in displaying the data.
Plant daylilies so the crown is level with the soil or no more than one inch below it.
Plant daylilies the same depth as before.
Plant declines after seeding with shorter days.
Plant derivatives in the treatment of alcohol dependency .
Plant derived minerals are one of the few liquid mineral supplements safe for children.
Plant develops brown furrowed bark.
Plant develops long tap root.
Plant dies after flowering.
Plant Diseases Due to Bacteria.
Plant early is our advice.
Plant eating ants help the environment by consuming unwanted plants.
Plant ecosystems at the community level relative to optimum yields and quality.
Plant elderberries five to seven feet on center to accommodate air circulation.
Plant emphasizes worker health and safety, maximum efficiency and high-tech innovation.
Plant Enter the plant code.
Plant Enter the plant number.
Plant enzymes assist in the digestion of food right on through the intestinal tract.
Plant establishes a hedge row quickly, and has good disease resistance.
Plant estrogens and beta-carotene deficiencies have also been linked to cystic follicles.
Plant estrogens competitively inhibit enzymes in women that convert androgens to estrogens.
Plant estrogens help to prevent breast cancer because they are so much weaker than human estrogen.
Plant estrogens or phytoestrogens are the primitive ancestors of our own human estrogens.
Plant fall blooming annuals and perennials.
Plant Fibers Several plants are sources of insulation from cold.
Plant forms a bushy mouth with white blossoms.
Plant forms a large-leaved basal rosette in the first year.
Plant forms a stem with no leaves.
Plant forms nodules and bacteria lives symbiotically.
Plant gardens away from old homes, or in pots using new soil.
Plant geraniums outdoors after all danger of frost is past and the soil has warmed.
Plant geraniums outdoors when the danger of frost has passed.
Plant geraniums outside after danger of frost is past in moist, well-drained soil in full sun.
Plant germplasm collection report.
Plant germplasm resources.
Plant gives out a milky juice when wounded.
Plant gladioluses every three weeks for continuous bloom.
Plant goes fully dormant in winter.
Plant goes through stages of growth and development that include seed, young plant, and adult plant.
Plant gourds once all danger of spring frost is gone.
Plant grows additional roots to tap soil pore spaces.
Plant grows along irrigation ditches.
Plant grows erect or as a trailing vine with aerial rootlets .
Plant grows in dense colonies.
Plant grows lopsided.
Plant grows more upright, less sprawling in part shade.
Plant grows straight for easy harvesting.
Plant grows up or down towards gravity.
Plant grows very rapidly.
Plant grows with slightly spreading habit.
Plant has a beautiful scent classified as almond, cinnamon, or honey.
Plant has a coarse texture.
Plant has a particular semi-aromatic smell.
Plant has a rounded, bushy habit.
Plant has a strong licorice flavor and aroma.
Plant has cafeteria and reception areas.
Plant has capacity to make over two million units annually.
Plant has dark green color and is often grown for shade as well as fruit.
Plant has excellent blue foliage and is full all the way around.
Plant has good resistancy to balckspot and excellent resistancy to mildew.
Plant hedgerows along orchard boundaries, levees, and irrigation ditches with native plant species.
Plant hedgerows to provide a shelter for birds and beneficials.
Plant helps reduce the volume of solid waste going into landfills.
Plant herbs that discourage insects.
Plant hire contractors for pumps, generators or heating equipment.
Plant hire with operator for use on site.
Plant hyssop in late spring to early summer.
Plant includes building maintenance.
Plant increases in size by underground rhizomes.
Plant indoors six weeks before the desired outdoor planting date.
Plant influences on community interaction.
Plant introductionsofmaize as a source of o l with unusual fatty acidcomposition.
Plant iris rhizomes just below the soil surface in a good soil.
Plant is a black currant.
Plant is a fake.
Plant is a late season bloomer with an extended bloom cycle.
Plant is a low, spreading, hardy bush.
Plant is a nice solid green color.
Plant is a reclining perennial with prickles.
Plant is a tetraploid.
Plant is a very husky grower and blooms in the winter.
Plant is also capable of manufacturing any tailor-made requirements of designs and colours.
Plant is being treated is in good shape.
Plant is capable of pelletising many other products.
Plant is compact and well proportioned with attractive foliage.
Plant is considered to be cold hardy.
Plant is covered with hairs.
Plant is deciduous.
Plant is dioecious exhibiting flowers in late spring which are yellow green and showy.
Plant is easy to grow, but does best in light, well-drained soil.
Plant is eaten in time of famine.
Plant is erect, bushy and free-branching.
Plant is exceptionally majestic because it grows erect instead of in a mound.
Plant is extremely healthy and beautiful with lush green foliage and healthy roots .
Plant is extremely inconspicuous except when in flower.
Plant is fairly compact and maintains a good habit.
Plant is first chain of food chain, but first living thing in food chain eats the plant.
Plant is hairy.
Plant is half hardy.
Plant is hardy to half hardy.
Plant is in a low cost of living area close to larger metro areas.
Plant is in a removable cup for easy maintenance.
Plant is in excellent condition and good for many years service.
Plant is in excellent condition.
Plant is indoors in winter and outdoors in summer.
Plant is interested in Welsh history.
Plant is large and vigorous while fruit is small. .
Plant is large and vigorous while fruit is small.
Plant is larger and has longer leaves comparing to the rest of the sinense.
Plant is located on the lefthand side after approx.
Plant is medium height and bushy.
Plant is medium size with good cover. .
Plant is medium size with good cover.
Plant is medium size with very good cover.
Plant is moderately vigorous, more spreading than upright.
Plant is modern, has a good record on safety.
Plant is monoecious and have separated female and male flowers on the same plant.
Plant is more upright than spreading.
Plant is mulched with bark.
Plant is often branchy due to secondary bud burst at seed axils.
Plant is part of large conglomerate providing good growth opportunities.
Plant is pendent.
Plant is poisonous to the touch, and grows only in bogs or wet soil.
Plant is poisonous.
Plant is pretty poor though.
Plant is protected from lake by levee in foreground.
Plant is said to be upright and vigorous.
Plant is self-incompatible and insect pollinated.
Plant is semi-erect.
Plant is semi-upright with medium vigor.
Plant is small, with good cover.
Plant is spread by wind, water and probably road mowing machines.
Plant is still down.
Plant is strong amoebicide.
Plant is susceptible to iron chlorosis.
Plant is tall with stems that are long and perfect for cutting.
Plant is tall.
Plant is the co-director of the alcohol and research center in Edinburgh, Scotland.
Plant is the slogan.
Plant is three years old.
Plant is too dry and gets too much heat.
Plant is used in Japanese gardens and specimens for patios and small areas.
Plant is usually very stiff - due to phloem damage.
Plant is very attractive with red coloration of the pseudostem and leaves.
Plant is very cold hardy, down into teens fahrenheit.
Plant is very drought tolerant.
Plant is very healthy and disease resistant to mildew and blackspot.
Plant is very leggy in dense shade.
Plant is very ornamental.
Plant is vigorous and productive.
Plant is vigorous and upright.
Plant is vigorous with large dark green leaves.
Plant is well proportioned and a dependable rebloomer in Northern California.
Plant isa organism.
Plant lacks vigor.
Plant lawns from seed or sod by mid-month.
Plant lawns from seed or sod.
Plant leaves draw carbon dioxide from air and combine it with water to make carbohydrates.
Plant leaves only have so much space to support fungi, mold, bacteria.
Plant leaves processed into cigarettes, cigars, pipe or rolling tobacco, or smokeless products.
Plant leaves turning yellow characterize an absence of sulfur in the soil.
Plant leaves, especially rhubarb, cabbage, spinach, and beet tops, contain oxalic acid.
Plant leaves, the caterpillar s cuisine, are high in potassium and low in sodium.
Plant leaves, when gashed or damaged, show red areas and bubbles.
Plant ledges in kitchen and greatroom.
Plant likens the early history of women and weaving to an intimate comfort with computers.
Plant likes a well drained, moist, fertile soil and full sun.
Plant lilies Deadhead summer bulbs as they finish blooming.
Plant logs with rooted stock, sedges, and other plants between the logs and the bank.
Plant looks best in natural form, so prune select branches instead of shearing.
Plant looks just like lemon grass.
Plant looks like a golf ball.
Plant looks very spiny.
Plant loses in dry weight.
Plant macrofossils in Quaternary lake sediments.
Plant mallow in full sun or light shade in well-drained soil.
Plant marigolds after the last frost.
Plant marigolds and basil near tomato plants.
Plant marigolds and zinnias.
Plant marigolds around other plants throughout the garden to repel nematodes.
Plant marigolds in containers in a soilless potting medium.
Plant marigolds to deter pests.
Plant marigolds to keep worms away.
Plant marigolds, petunias, mint, and other herbs that naturally repel pests.
Plant marigolds, radishes, tansy or nasturtiums nearby.
Plant matures in a matter of days in hot weather.
Plant mums into only well-drained areas of the yard.
Plant mums now for fall bloom.
Plant mums outdoors when they are finished blooming to bloom again in the fall.
Plant naturally fire resistant plants and low grass in the zone.
Plant Needs .
Plant needs little or no staking.
Plant needs lots of water, and all parts of it are poisonous.
Plant needs moisture to start and regular watering to maintain.
Plant needs plenty of sunlight.
Plant needs summer water and prefers full sun in a site sheltered from wind and cold temperatures.
Plant needs support.
Plant needs, chemical ingredients, plant use, labels, and when and how to apply.
Plant obtain their food from the sun.
Plant Omphalodes in part shade in well-drained soil.
Plant organs Every plant has a unique form and structure and is made up of several distinct organs.
Plant ornaments very often show stylisation of some ancestral motif, mostly the tree of life.
Plant pathogens with sexual and asexual reproduction on multiple hosts.
Plant perennials from seed.
Plant perennials instead.
Plant Picks Japanese hydrangea vine is a vigorous, colorful climber, and simple to grow.
Plant pigments in woodland soils.
Plant plans to undertake a large U.S. tour following the record's release.
Plant plants farther apart to increase air-circulation.
Plant plays harmonica.
Plant plays the role of informed guide rather than drug-snorting advocate.
Plant pollens most often cause it.
Plant pooling requirements remain similar to the present orders.
Plant poppies directly in the soil.
Plant poppies in early spring or in the fall.
Plant primroses, mums, snapdragons, dianthus, dusty miller, asters, kale and pansies.
Plant produces good greens for salads, cole slaws and dressings.
Plant raspberries during the spring.
Plant raspberries in a bright sunny spot where there is good drainage.
Plant raspberries in spring in full sun with adequate moisture and wind protection.
Plant raspberries in well drained soils or on raised beds.
Plant raspberries in well-drained soil or raised beds.
Plant raspberries, roses or other thorny plants along the fence as a barrier to fence climbers.
Plant raspberry bushes on ridges or in raised beds if drainage is a problem.
Plant receiving part is the stock, twig grafted onto the stock is the scion.
Plant remains are so durable that flash-freezing is unnecessary for their preservation.
Plant remains found at nest sites strongly suggests they built nests in late spring-early summer.
Plant remains Mainly charred seeds, with some rare pod fragments.
Plant remains show excellent cellular preservation.
Plant remains, like bones, are clues to diet.
Plant require a regular progression of time with the ideal conditions to grow properly.
Plant requires full to partial sunlight and moderate watering.
Plant requires little maintenance Survives in full sunlight, partial sunlight, and light shade.
Plant rescues, where members dig plants in the path of development.
Plant resembles a fine-leaved parsley and tastes somewhat like anise.
Plant resembles a miniature pine tree.
Plant responses to anaerobiosis.
Plant responses to and effects on the microenvironment.
Plant responses to and effects on the micro-environment.
Plant responses to biotic and abiotic stress.
Plant responses to canopy density mediated by photomorphogenic processes.
Plant responses to cellular dehydration during environmental stress.
Plant responses to environmental stimuli.
Plant responses to gravity.
Plant responses to grazing varied with stocking rate and topographic position.
Plant responses to high temperatures are complex.
Plant responses to human activities in the tropical savanna ecosystem of Botswana.
Plant responses to multiple environmental factors.
Plant responses to natural and enhanced UV environments.
Plant responses to nematodes.
Plant responses to nodulation factors.
Plant responses to particulate matters suspended in the atmosphere.
Plant responses to rising carbon dioxide and potential interactions with air pollutants.
Plant responses to saline and sodic conditions.
Plant responses to water deficit.
Plant responses to water deficits, water-use efficiency, and drought resistance.
Plant responses to water stress.
Plant rests during spring.
Plant rests in winter.
Plant returns sugars.
Plant rhabdoviruses replicate and assembly in nuclei, cytoplasm, and viroplasms.
Plant rhizomes in spring or fall.
Plant rhizomes so tops are just above the soil level for best results.
Plant rootstocks in spring after frost.
Plant roses at both ends of the bed to add color.
Plant roses far enough apart to allow good air circulation between plants.
Plant rows east-west to stop southerly winds.
Plant rows north to south to maximize sun exposure.
Plant rows north-south to stop westerly winds.
Plant rows of different varieties at intervals to ensure a continuous supply.
Plant rows with the direction of the prevailing wind to promote faster drying of foliage and fruit.
Plant salsify from seed in early spring and harvest after the first hard freeze in the fall.
Plant says the factor's role is to help clients make the transition to traditional financing.
Plant says units from other countries have similarly valuable experience to share.
Plant scoops of each sorbet and ice cream on top of the bananas and drizzle on sauce.
Plant seeds a half inch deep.
Plant seeds about an inch deep.
Plant seeds about one inch deep.
Plant seeds about one-half inch deep.
Plant seeds about three-fourths of an inch deep.
Plant seeds indoors six to eight weeks before the last frost date.
Plant seeds into well-drained, fertile soil after the soil has warmed.
Plant seeds one-half inch deep and thin to an inch apart after seedlings emerge.
Plant seeds thickly with the intention of thinning to an ideal stand later.
Plant seeds with a hand broadcaster.
Plant seeds with a partner to show our knowledge.
Plant sends runners along ground.
Plant serves as manager of the foundation.
Plant shapes divide and define the spaces in the garden.
Plant shrubs only in the spring.
Plant shrubs three to four feet apart in rows six feet apart.
Plant sitting services are available upon request.
Plant soaks up carbon dioxide, emit oxygen, and absorb toxic particles from the air.
Plant soybeans too early in the wheat, and the legume grows too tall before wheat harvest.
Plant spacing in the bed depends on the strawberry variety.
Plant spacing variability begins with the planter.
Plant species distribution in bald cypress swamps along the Cache River in southern Illinois.
Plant species diversity is one such attribute.
Plant species interrelationships in a secondary succession in coastal British Columbia.
Plant species lists and breeding bird surveys are on file.
Plant species migration across contiguous ancient-recent forest ecotones in central Belgium.
Plant species migration in a mixed- history forest landscape in eastern North America.
Plant species migration in a mixed-history forest landscape in eastern North America.
Plant species native to Utah.
Plant species with low shade tolerance in sunny areas.
Plant species with waxy foliage are generally more tolerant of salt spray.
Plant spreads horizontally, forming large clumps of interconnected plants.
Plant stand with plant.
Plant stands fold into music stands.
Plant stands of evergreens in hardwood forests.
Plant starts always sell well.
Plant starts and baked goods are especially welcome.
Plant starts of golden thyme together with sage and chives for a handsome, compatible combination.
Plant starts of perennial herbs.
Plant stems and leaves grow toward a light source.
Plant stems are decumbent.
Plant stems are negatively geotropic and the roots are positively geotropic.
Plant stems are responsive to the loads applied and can increase the amount of fibre if necessary.
Plant stems can be horizontal.
Plant stems hold the plant upright an carry nutrients from one part of the plant to the other.
Plant stems protect soil from rapid temperature fluctuations that cause frost-heaving.
Plant stems remain green while the pods and seed have reached harvest maturity.
Plant stems root at the nodes where they touch the soil.
Plant stems slow and disperse flow of surface runoff, and promote settling of sediment.
Plant stems that run above and along the ground and form a new plant near the main plant.
Plant stems, physiology and functional morphology.
Plant strains of northern origin only.
Plant strawberries as soon as the soil can be worked in the spring.
Plant strawberries so the crown is slightly above the soil line when plants are firmed.
Plant strips at both the full rate and a reduced rate.
Plant takes up a lot of space and produces very few melons.
Plant tends to grow flat.
Plant then spreads out rapidly by runners.
Plant tissues a.
Plant tomatoes as far as possible from potatoes.
Plant tomatoes deeply.
Plant tomatoes to a different site in the garden each year.
Plant tours to a variety of manufacturing facilities in the Cleveland area.
Plant toxins have affinity for existing receptors in animals.
Plant trees away from overhead power lines and underground transformers.
Plant trees away from overhead power lines, driveways and sidewalks.
Plant trees away from roads and drives, septic tanks, and utility lines.
Plant trees away from the building.
Plant tulips first, then add enough soil to achieve the proper depth for the grape hyacinths.
Plant turn yellow and die from the bottom up.
Plant turns yellow, orange or red in the fall.
Plant use multiple database search engine.
Plant varieties with a high dry-matter content.
Plant vary as to how fast they become resistant to drought after planting.
Plant vegetables the right distance apart.
Plant vines with fragrant flowers near windows or near porches and patios.
Plant vines with the lowest bud on the cane just above the soil surface.
Plant volatiles as a defense against insect herbivores.
Plant wastes, fungal culture, mushrooms, antioxidants.
Plant wildflowers away from structures and in widely separated beds.
Plant wildflowers the same times as prairie grasses.
Plant wildflowers to lure parasitic insects, also enemies of beetles.
Plant windbreaks to avoid soil loss due to wind scouring.
Plant wo for pollination.
Plant woody ornamental trees and shrubs.
Plant yields a blue dye similar to indigo.
Plants absolutely do eat.
Plants absorb a narrow range of light in the blue and red spectrums.
Plants absorb all colors of light except for green.
Plants absorb and use carbon dioxide, and put oxygen back into the air.
Plants absorb blue and red light best, in white light.
Plants absorb carbon dioxide and give off oxygen.
Plants absorb carbon dioxide and release oxygen through photosynthesis.
Plants absorb carbon dioxide from the air and release oxygen during the process of photosynthesis.
Plants absorb carbon dioxide from the air, during the process of photosynthesis.
Plants absorb carbon dioxide from the air, through the stomata present in their leaves.
Plants absorb carbon dioxide from the air.
Plants absorb carbon dioxide through openings in the leaves, called stomata.
Plants absorb carbon dioxide through their leaves.
Plants absorb carbon dioxide.
Plants absorb dioxide.
Plants absorb energy.
Plants absorb excess nitrogen from fertilizer runoff.
Plants absorb groundwater and use it to make food through photosynthesis.
Plants absorb heat.
Plants absorb it from the air during photosynthesis.
Plants absorb it from the atmosphere in the form of carbon dioxide.
Plants absorb light of many wavelengths, but mostly in the blue and red range.
Plants absorb light primarily using the pigment chlorophyll .
Plants absorb light.
Plants absorb metals and other soil components so long as the particles are small enough.
Plants absorb minerals and water through their root hair cells.
Plants absorb minerals from the soil and are, therefore, subject to local variations.
Plants absorb minerals from the soil.
Plants absorb minerals, such as nitrogen, potassium, and phosphorus, from the soil.
Plants absorb nitrates from the soil.
Plants absorb nitrogen through their root systems.
Plants absorb noise.
Plants absorb nutrients from soil.
Plants absorb nutrients from the surrounding area.
Plants absorb nutrients.
Plants absorb phosphates from the soil or from water and build organic compounds.
Plants absorb phosphorus through their roots in the form of phosphate.
Plants absorb salt and nutrients in water trough the root .
Plants absorb solar energy.
Plants absorb solar heat.
Plants absorb some uranium from soil.
Plants absorb sounds too so consider trellises and vines for privacy screens.
Plants absorb sunlight to make sugar.
Plants absorb sunlight.
Plants absorb tebuthiuron from the soil and metabolize it.
Plants absorb the carbon dioxide and release oxygen.
Plants absorb the dissolved phosphate and build phosphorus into organic compounds.
Plants absorb the iron through the leaves.
Plants absorb the light from the sun into small green pigments in the leaves called chlorophyll.
Plants absorb the nitrogen that is left in decay products such as ammonia or ammonium.
Plants absorb the red and blue wavelengths of light energy, and reflect the green wavelength.
Plants absorb the sun's energy in a process called photosynthesis.
Plants absorb their nutrients in inorganic form.
Plants absorb water and minerals and create flowers and leaves.
Plants absorb water and minerals in a process called osmosis.
Plants absorb water and the nutrients from the water via their roots systems.
Plants absorb water from soil and groundwater stores.
Plants absorb water from the earth.
Plants absorb water from the ground through their roots.
Plants absorb water from the ground up through their roots.
Plants absorb water from the soil through their roots.
Plants absorb water through their roots through a process called osmosis.
Plants absorb water through their roots, and carbon dioxide through their leaves.
Plants absorb water through their roots.
Plants absorb water.
Plants accumulate energy through photosynthesis.
Plants accumulate nitrate.
Plants accumulate toxins.
Plants acquire energy.
Plants acquire heat.
Plants acquire increased pathogen resistance and hardiness.
Plants acquire light.
Plants acquire nutrition.
Plants acquire sunlight.
Plants actively repond to human attention.
Plants actually are more adaptable than most people.
Plants actually have some hemoglobin.
Plants actually respond to the length of the dark period, rather than the light.
Plants actually use sunlight to convert air into food .
Plants adapt in order to survive.
Plants adapt the size and shape of their organs in response to external conditions.
Plants adapt their growth and development to their local environment.
Plants adapt to aquatic environments.
Plants adapt to areas.
Plants adapt to arid climates.
Plants adapt to arid conditions.
Plants adapt to arid environments.
Plants adapt to climate conditions.
Plants adapt to climates.
Plants adapt to conditions.
Plants adapt to different conditions.
Plants adapt to different environmental conditions.
Plants adapt to dry conditions.
Plants adapt to dry habitats.
Plants adapt to dryness.
Plants adapt to environmental change through physical adaptation.
Plants adapt to environmental conditions.
Plants adapt to environments.
Plants adapt to extreme conditions.
Plants adapt to extreme dryness.
Plants adapt to habitats.
Plants adapt to life.
Plants adapt to local climates.
Plants adapt to low calcium environments.
Plants adapt to regions.
Plants adapt to salty habitats.
Plants adapt to severe conditions.
Plants adapt to sites.
Plants adapt to sunlight.
Plants adapt to survival.
Plants adapt to survive in the big blue.
Plants adapt to the climates and soils of each mountain ecosystem, from grassland to cloudforest.
Plants adapt to the environment by modifying their leaves, stem and roots.
Plants adapt to the hot, dry terrain by growing small leaves.
Plants adapt to the inhospitable soil.
Plants adapt to their environment when conditions change.
Plants adapt to their environments . . . or they cease to exist.
Plants adapt to their environments and so certain plants are only found in certain climates.
Plants adapt to unique environments.
Plants adapt to weather conditions.
Plants adapt to weather.
Plants adapt to wet conditions.
Plants adapted to drought are called xerophytes.
Plants adapted to environments where there is little water are .
Plants adapted to self-fertilize often have similar stamen and carpel lengths.
Plants add a bit of cheer to a dull day.
Plants add a breath of fresh air and a whole lot more.
Plants add a homey touch to the building and make it a pleasant place to read.
Plants add a wonderful finishing touch to any home.
Plants add life and color to a home environment.
Plants add oxygen to the water and use up carbon dioxide only wen they are actively making food.
Plants add the needed finishing touches to any decor.
Plants add values.
Plants add warmth and charm to the home during the holidays.
Plants address entire spectrum of all non-hazardous soils.
Plants adjust to the conditions of their environment through growth responses.
Plants adorn hallways.
Plants affect evolution.
Plants affect quality of life in more intangible ways.
Plants affected by root rot show an inward curling of the leaves.
Plants affix themselves to it.
Plants afford protection from predators and the elements and provide nesting sites for birds.
Plants alone can synthesize living matter by the process of photosynthesis.
Plants already produce a limited number of monomers.
Plants also absorb nutrients through small openings in leaves, the stomata.
Plants also absorb rainfall into the soil, reducing soil erosion and runoff .
Plants also adapt to their environments in order to survive.
Plants also add beauty to a room and make it a warm and inviting place to work.
Plants also appear to be at risk from a cascade of extinctions.
Plants also appear to be relatively intolerant of grazing.
Plants also are injured when insects lay eggs in green twigs.
Plants also are much more versatile than petroleum.
Plants also attract chi.
Plants also attract insects, worms, and spiders which, in turn, act as food for other wildlife.
Plants also can be pleasant to contemplate and visually enjoy.
Plants also can participate in a number of benign or beneficial interactions with microbes.
Plants also carry immune receptors that recognize highly variable pathogen effectors.
Plants also compete for space, nutrients and resources such as water and sunlight.
Plants also compete with each other for light and minerals.
Plants also contribute to human habitat by maintaining water quality.
Plants also convert sunlight into other forms of energy.
Plants also depend on animals for energy.
Plants also differ in the extent and distribution of their root systems.
Plants also differ in their ability to survive frost and their sun or shade requirements.
Plants also do some respiration using oxygen the way animals do.
Plants also eliminate waste by the accumulation of waste in the vacuoles of the aging leave cells.
Plants also emit pheromone cues which dictate insect behaviors.
Plants also feed animals and feed people, for one form of chemical energy.
Plants also filter out nutrients and sediments.
Plants also get food from the soil.
Plants also get yucky things that come from fungi.
Plants also give off oxygen.
Plants also grow disputes in laboratories, board rooms and the corridors of political power.
Plants also grow faster after a burn.
Plants also grow from buds on root fragments cut by cultivation or other equipment.
Plants also grow great in a gravel and sand mix.
Plants also grow rapidly to flowering size.
Plants also grow, reproduce mostly by producing seeds during their lifetime and die.
Plants also have a high level of construction called plant tissue systems.
Plants also have axillary buds along the sides of their stems which are usually dormant.
Plants also have different shapes .
Plants also have homeobox-containing genes.
Plants also have immune systems.
Plants also have life cycles.
Plants also have little ability to adapt to the changing climate.
Plants also have natural defense mechanisms, similar to the immune system of humans.
Plants also have special means to ensure cross-pollination.
Plants also have the ability to reproduce through seeds, stems, etc.
Plants also have the advantage that they bind the soil, reducing soil erosion.
Plants also have the same mechanism as animals to maintain homeostasis.
Plants also have to defend against insects.
Plants also help filter water that is then stored in mountains, streams, lakes, and aquifers.
Plants also help fix up the look of a home.
Plants also help produce oxygen and remove carbon dioxide aboard a spacecraft.
Plants also help to keep our world looking the way it is.
Plants also help to keep the water clean, and produce oxygen in the daytime.
Plants also lack the means to move on their own as well as a nervous system.
Plants also live in communities, such as in the forest.
Plants also look nice as a groundcover around shrubs.
Plants also love the season and begin growing new roots, foliage, and flowers.
Plants also make many other toxic compounds.
Plants also manufacture vitamin E which protects the fatty structures of the body.
Plants also migrate to new habitats through dispersal of their seeds.
Plants also modify and develop the soil.
Plants also play a role in the water cycle.
Plants also possess a third genome in their chloroplasts .
Plants also possess morphogenesis whereby tissues and organs are dif- ferentiated and developed.
Plants also prevent erosion and produce oxygen.
Plants also process agricultural products for export.
Plants also produce fewer and smaller flowers and appear nutrient deficient.
Plants also produce hormones and respond to external stimuli.
Plants also produce many by-products such as turpentine, dyes, resin, mulch, decorative bark, etc.
Plants also produce oxygen as a by-product of photosynthesis.
Plants also produce wood which is still the most common fuel on the planet.
Plants also provide a filtering capability that contributes to the clarity of the water.
Plants also provide a surface for microbial colonization.
Plants also provide balance to our earth.
Plants also provide cover and nesting habitat which songbirds seek out each spring.
Plants also provide cover for the birds.
Plants also provide hiding places and shade.
Plants also provide organic matter to the soil, contributing to soil fertility or water retention.
Plants also provide the animals with shade and shelter.
Plants also provide the four basic needs of most wildlife.
Plants also provide water.
Plants also raise the amount of oxygen in the air and reduce stuffiness.
Plants also reduce standing water and runoff by making the surface more permeable.
Plants also reduce the impact of raindrops on exposed soil, decreasing erosion.
Plants also regenerate from perennating buds located on caudices and rhizomes.
Plants also rely on the uptake of a wide range of different elements dissolved in soil water.
Plants also remove calcium and magnesium.
Plants also remove greenhouse gas from the air, provide habitat to many animals.
Plants also reproduce vegetatively from underground stems.
Plants also require cellular respiration.
Plants also require copper in minute amounts.
Plants also require phosphate, which is exceptionally low in the soils of many tropical nations.
Plants also respire, as do animals.
Plants also respond to changes in humidity.
Plants also respond to day length, temperature and other environmental factors.
Plants also respond to stimuli, but usually in ways very different from animals.
Plants also respond to stimuli.
Plants also respond to the cooler days.
Plants also respond to their environment in a way to optimize their own growth.
Plants also respond to wind or touch.
Plants also root from cuttings but are susceptible to nematodes.
Plants also seem to know the difference between rain and irrigation.
Plants also seem to listen to the vibrations of one another.
Plants also serve other purposes - they purify the water, generate oxygen, and scrub carbon dioxide.
Plants also show activity periodicity.
Plants also soak up nutrients from the soil.
Plants also stabilize mobile contaminated sediments by forming dense root mats under the surface.
Plants also store vitamin K in their fruits and seeds as well.
Plants also store waste within their leaves or barks.
Plants also strike readily from cuttings of hardened new growth.
Plants also sucker readily and new clumps appear regularly beside established plants.
Plants also suffer - growth slows, stops or worse.
Plants also suffer the effects of ozone.
Plants also survive cold winters better in loamy, humus-rich soils.
Plants also take in carbon dioxide and in doing so help to regulate the air temperature.
Plants also take in carbon dioxide, release oxygen, and filter the air to some extent.
Plants also take up excess nutrients, particularly nitrogen and phosphorus wastes from the fish.
Plants also try to stay as cool as possible.
Plants also undergo a winter slowdown.
Plants also use glucose to make cellulose , a substance they use to grow and build cell wall s.
Plants also use glucose to make cellulose, a substance they use to grow and build cell walls.
Plants also use oxygen found in the air in order to use the food energy that they have made.
Plants also use scents to repel or kill insects or to communicate with other plants.
Plants also use sugars as building blocks for other organic compounds, including cellulose.
Plants also use volatile compounds to warn other plants.
Plants appear abruptly, too.
Plants appear as if they are suffering a nutritional deficiency.
Plants appear dwarfed and bushy because internodes are shortened.
Plants appear dwarfed.
Plants appear gray early on.
Plants appear grayish green in color.
Plants appear green because chlorophyll absorbs other colors and reflects green.
Plants appear green because their main pigments absorb green light.
Plants appear in various shades of green.
Plants appear sickly and blighted.
Plants appear sickly and stunted and take on a bluish cast.
Plants appear stunted and slow growing from feeding injury on roots and rhizomes.
Plants appear stunted and wilt in hot, dry weather.
Plants appear stunted, chlorotic and wilted even when soil moisture is high.
Plants appear stunted.
Plants appear to be frost tolerant.
Plants appear to be more robust in open marshes.
Plants appear to be very compact with short internodes and many side shoots.
Plants appear to have allelopathic properties.
Plants appear to have inherited the alternation of generations from the multicellular green algae.
Plants appear to suddenly wilt and collapse in the field.
Plants appear to tolerate relatively high tissue concentrations of molybdenum.
Plants appear unthrifty, small, and weak.
Plants appear water soaked and die rapidly.
Plants appear windburned with dehydrated leaf margins in the upper canopy.
Plants Apply salt to cabbage that stays grown in a permanent control any green all winter.
Plants appreciate average to lean soils in full sun.
Plants appreciate consistent soil moisture.
Plants appreciate rich, moist soil in the back of the border, in sun or part-shade.
Plants are a common cause of poisoning to preschoolers.
Plants are a different story.
Plants are a direct or indirect source of food for most organisms living on earth.
Plants are a finite and precious resource that requires efficient, wise and sustainable management.
Plants are a fundamental part of the food chain and essential to life.
Plants are a good tool for a heel wrestler to gain heat from the crowd .
Plants are a good tool for a heel wrestler to gain heat from the crowd.
Plants are a growing thing, it's kind of like a haircut, it grows back.
Plants are a little slow to get started.
Plants are a main source of food for both humans and animals.
Plants are a major food source for many other organisms.
Plants are a major source of iron for most of the world s people.
Plants are a necessary living link in the web of life.
Plants are a part of the spirit world and people can connect to the spirit world through plants.
Plants are a primary form of organic material.
Plants are a sixth profession.
Plants are a third element.
Plants are a very important part of the habitats animals live in.
Plants are a very strong ecological factor.
Plants are a vital component of the Earth.
Plants are a wonderful and pleasing addition to both home and garden.
Plants are a wonderful way to add warmth, personality and character to any space.
Plants are able absorb dissolved solids only when they are present in a very dilute form.
Plants are able sufficiently to accumulate most trace elements.
Plants are able to close stomata.
Plants are able to make their own food by photosynthesis.
Plants are able to make their own food using energy from the sun.
Plants are able to manufacture food through a process called photosynthesis.
Plants are able to metabolize amitrole.
Plants are able to mix carotenoids in just the right proportions to produce the desired colors.
Plants are able to respond to pathogen attack to restrain development of a systemic infection.
Plants are able to sense seasonal changes.
Plants are able to specifically recognize pathogens and actively respond.
Plants are able to store energy in the chemical bonds of sugar molecules.
Plants are able to survive because they contain chlorophyll to make food.
Plants are able to survive on extremely harsh sites, and some rehabilitation potential is possible.
Plants are able to take up nutrients much more efficiently in at least gently flowing water.
Plants are able to transform the energy of the sun into growth in their leaves, stems and fruit.
Plants are able to transform the selenium they absorb into organic compounds.
Plants are able to use ammonia as a source of nitrogen.
Plants are able to withstand fire.
Plants are about knee high and upper leaves are sporulating heavily.
Plants are about two feet tall and the color is a light green.
Plants are absolutely dependent on light for their survival.
Plants are abundant on Earth because they can survive in a variety of climates.
Plants are actors.
Plants are actually a phenomenal organism.
Plants are adaptable to various pH ranges.
Plants are adaptable, tolerating moist or moderately dry soil.
Plants are adapted to a wide variety of habitats .
Plants are adapted to a wide variety of habitats.
Plants are adapted to live in a wide variety of places.
Plants are adapted to obtain light and food efficiently through photosynthesis.
Plants are adapted to survive between a minimum and a maximum limits of temperature.
Plants are adapted to turn their leaves towards a light source.
Plants are affected by light, nnutrients and space.
Plants are affected by multiple pathogens throughout their lifetime.
Plants are against a wall facing the south.
Plants are alive.
Plants are Alive.
Plants are all multicellular eukaryotes and most live on land.
Plants are allotetraploids.
Plants are also a cost-effective way of cleaning up hazardous waste.
Plants are also autotrophic, or photosynthetic.
Plants are also capable of rapid and reversible changes in shape.
Plants are also divided into avoiders and tolerators.
Plants are also excellent indicators of the climate in which they live.
Plants are also for sale.
Plants are also good so that the females have plenty of hiding spaces.
Plants are also important components of our recreational and home landscapes.
Plants are also important to water regeneration.
Plants are also indicators of lake water quality.
Plants are also phototropic, which means they grow towards sources of light.
Plants are also popular subjects for photographers and artists.
Plants are also relevant, especially when they are threatened or sensitive.
Plants are also subject to the same sorts of forces as animals.
Plants are also susceptible to minute pH changes in the soil.
Plants are also the basis for agriculture, aquaculture and horticulture.
Plants are also the homes of many animals, small and big.
Plants are also the oldest living things.
Plants are also the source of beverages produced either by infusion, such as coffee and tea.
Plants are also useful as nesting materials for most birds.
Plants are also very active.
Plants are always a nice addition.
Plants are always a welcome gift.
Plants are always at the bottom of the food chain or web.
Plants are always attractive and nice for filling empty spaces.
Plants are always good.
Plants are always green, blossoming in all seasons.
Plants are amazingly adaptable organisms.
Plants are amazingly like humans.
Plants are an easy way to create an inviting home atmosphere.
Plants are an example of autotrophs.
Plants are an excellent way to make any room look more welcoming.
Plants are an important addition to the tank.
Plants are an important component for space-based and extraterrestrial life support systems.
Plants are an important component of regenerative life support systems for long-duration missions.
Plants are an important component of wildlife habitat.
Plants are an important food source or habitat for many different reef animals.
Plants are an important part of our aesthetic experience.
Plants are an important source of food and shelter for insects in the blast zone.
Plants are an integral part of our daily life.
Plants are an investment in time and money.
Plants are animate, just look at a seedling to a full grown plant videoed in time.
Plants are annuals that are very susceptible to frost.
Plants are another great decorative item for placement above kitchen cabinets.
Plants are another part of the nurturing concept - requiring daily attention.
Plants are apt to become troublesome weeds in turf that is at all damp.
Plants are as interesting and diverse as animals.
Plants are as intricate and complicated as animals.
Plants are at roughly the two leaf stage.
Plants are at the base of the food chain.
Plants are at the bottom of the energy pyramid and are vital to all organisms.
Plants are at the bottom of the food chain.
Plants are at the bottom on the food chain.
Plants are at the top of stakes.
Plants are at their most efficient in average levels of sunlight.
Plants are at work in winter, too.
Plants are attractive enough to use in the flower garden or landscape as an ornamental.
Plants are attractive hosts for microorganisms since they provide a variety of nutrients.
Plants are attractive to teething children and pets.
Plants are attractive, especially when laden with the colorful fruits in autumn.
Plants are autotroph, meaning they get energy from other resources such as sunlight.
Plants are autotrophic in nutritional mode, making their food by photosynthesis.
Plants are autotrophic, meaning they are self-feeding.
Plants are autotrophic.
Plants are autotrophs .
Plants are autotrophs and the primary producers in most ecosystems.
Plants are autotrophs meaning they make their own food.
Plants are autotrophs, meaning they produce their own food using energy from the sun.
Plants are autotrophs.
Plants are available at many nurseries.
Plants are available at most nurseries, but think big.
Plants are available at nurseries or can be ordered in.
Plants are available at some nurseries as novelties, or through mail order sources.
Plants are available by mail order.
Plants are available during different seasons.
Plants are available for interior and exterior designs.
Plants are available for purchase.
Plants are available for regeneration and home planting.
Plants are available for sale as are dried flowers and wreaths.
Plants are available for sale year-round.
Plants are available for sale.
Plants are available from flower shops, greenhouses, and other retail outlets.
Plants are available from nurseries year round.
Plants are available from some nurseries, but seed is plentiful and easy to raise.
Plants are available from the greenhouse.
Plants are available in a range of shades and varieties.
Plants are available in a wide variety of flower colors and growth habits.
Plants are available in many forms, and have small fruits of various shapes and colors.
Plants are available in season at nurseries.
Plants are available in selected regions.
Plants are available in sets of four.
Plants are available in the spring.
Plants are available on the farm and shipped nationwide .
Plants are available sporadically and usually only from herb specialists.
Plants are available through mail order or through the nursery.
Plants are available with white, pink, peach, yellow, marbled and speckled bracts.
Plants are available year round from nurseries.
Plants are basic to the existence of natural habitats and their communities, as well as to humans.
Plants are beautiful and nothing more.
Plants are believed to have evolved directly from prokaryotic cyanobacteria.
Plants are bent and stems and branches are broken.
Plants are best divided just as the leaves are emerging in the spring or after flowering.
Plants are better for small sites, short-term establishment goals and a more generous budget.
Plants are better.
Plants are biennials or short-lived perennials.
Plants are big enough by the beginning of the next season to yield stumps.
Plants are biological solar energy collectors.
Plants are black.
Plants are blind to everything but our love.
Plants are bolt and frost resistant.
Plants are books.
Plants are both beautiful and helpful to the environment.
Plants are brittle and break easily.
Plants are brownish green and can be either dull or glossy.
Plants are bushy and fairly compact.
Plants are bushy but open, which allows ease in harvest.
Plants are by far the main primary producers of food.
Plants are by far the most important, as they compete with the algae for light and nutrients.
Plants are called autotrophs.
Plants are called primary producers in food chains.
Plants are called producers .
Plants are called producers because they produce food.
Plants are called producers because they produce their own energy.
Plants are called producers because they produce their own food.
Plants are called the producers .
Plants are capable of blooms.
Plants are capable of flower petals.
Plants are capable of manufacturing food through a process known as photosynthesis.
Plants are capable of parasitizing numerous grass species.
Plants are capable of photosynthesis.
Plants are capable of receiving genetic information from viruses by horizontal gene transfer.
Plants are capable of removing large quantities of water from soils.
Plants are capable of taking up toxic chemicals from soil contamination.
Plants are categorized into two groups.
Plants are chemical factories .
Plants are classified according to their flower or sexual structures.
Plants are classified as hydrophytes, phreatophytes, mesophytes, or xerophytes.
Plants are classified by the number of growing seasons required to complete a life cycle.
Plants are classified into groups based on their structures.
Plants are classified into two large groups, vascular plants and nonvascular plants.
Plants are classified taxonomically into families, genera, species, varieties, etc.
Plants are clean and vigorous and very free blooming.
Plants are closed and industry capacity is reduced.
Plants are closed systems.
Plants are closed, workers laid off and production decreases.
Plants are closely interwoven with the physical and spiritual life of the Japanese people.
Plants are clump-formers with hairy stems.
Plants are common in desert and grassland areas of Arizona.
Plants are compact and bear loads of miniature fruit that can be deep fried whole.
Plants are compact and easy to grow producing an abundance of fruit throughout the summer.
Plants are compact and great for home gardens and hanging planters.
Plants are compact and set fruit in both the crown and on the limbs.
Plants are compact and well-branched.
Plants are compact with shiny green foliage.
Plants are compact.
Plants are completely different physiologically from mammals.
Plants are complex chemical factories .
Plants are complex living organisms.
Plants are complex organisms.
Plants are considerably more advanced than most plants sold as plugs .
Plants are considered as living things because they breathe, grow and reproduce in different ways.
Plants are considered producers because they give off energy.
Plants are considered to be autotrophs.
Plants are consumed by animals who utilize it.
Plants are consumed by deer.
Plants are consumed by livestock.
Plants are cool.
Plants are created by seeds.
Plants are cross-pollinated.
Plants are crucial for the health of all animals.
Plants are crucial.
Plants are dangerous at all times.
Plants are dangerous throughout the year, even when they have matured and dried.
Plants are dark blue-green with short rigid leaves that stand out at right angles.
Plants are day-length sensitive.
Plants are deciduous in colder areas over winter.
Plants are decorative in the garden with a multitude of peppers on each plant.
Plants are deer resistant, flowers attract butterflies.
Plants are deer resistant.
Plants are dependent on environment.
Plants are dependent on light in order to carry out the function known as photosynthesis .
Plants are dependent on sunlight to make their food.
Plants are descended from the green algae.
Plants are designed to do one thing and that is to reproduce.
Plants are determinate and require no staking.
Plants are determinate, medium large, upright, spreading and medium to late maturing.
Plants are determined to grow.
Plants are dieocious, developing large cones.
Plants are different colors.
Plants are different from animals because they can make their own food.
Plants are different.
Plants are difficult to control with herbicides once the flowering stems have begun to elongate.
Plants are difficult to divide, but cuttings can be taken from non-flowering shoots in summer.
Plants are dioecious, meaning male and female flowers grow on separate plants.
Plants are dioecious, meaning there are separate male and female plants.
Plants are dioecious.
Plants are disease resistant and easily grown from cuttings.
Plants are disease resistant.
Plants are distinguished from plants.
Plants are divided into four broad categories based on their mode of reproduction.
Plants are divided into four main phyla based on shared characteristics.
Plants are dormant in the winter.
Plants are dormant, temperatures are cool and rainfall is abundant.
Plants are drought resistant and does well even in cooler climates.
Plants are drought resistant and respond well to favorable conditions.
Plants are drought tolerant and have few insect and disease problems.
Plants are drought tolerant and yield well.
Plants are drought tolerant once established.
Plants are drought tolerant with most species having a taproot or short compact rhizomes.
Plants are dry when pruned or otherwise handled.
Plants are dwarf and very compact.
Plants are dwarfed and can be either brilliant red or yellow.
Plants are dwarfed, bushy, and twisted.
Plants are dwarfed.
Plants are early to flower.
Plants are early with short semiprostrate early growth.
Plants are Earth's fundamental food.
Plants are Earth's producers.
Plants are easier to find because growers are forced to plant close to a road or a water source.
Plants are easily grow and adaptable in the landscape.
Plants are easy to dry and storage appears to be reasonable.
Plants are easy to grow and bloom midsummer through fall.
Plants are easy to grow and care for.
Plants are easy to grow and grow quickly from seed.
Plants are easy to grow and they produce tall, sturdy stalks.
Plants are easy to grow and very heat and drought tolerant.
Plants are easy to grow from cuttings, many of which already have aerial roots.
Plants are easy to grow in average or dry soils in part sun or part shade.
Plants are easy to grow with flowers a red to red maroon in color.
Plants are easy to train to cover wire frames, hoops and trellises.
Plants are easy to transplant.
Plants are eaten by animals.
Plants are eaten by many organisms that can only obtain their energy by feeding on other organisms.
Plants are edibles.
Plants are either alive or dead.
Plants are either fire resistant or resprout.
Plants are either male or female but have been known to change sex.
Plants are either male or female with flowers on seperate plants.
Plants are either male or female, never both.
Plants are either male or female.
Plants are either male, which produce the pollen, or female, which produce the berries.
Plants are either monoecious or dioecious.
Plants are either vascular or non-vascular .
Plants are energy producers and animals are energy consumers.
Plants are erect and self-supporting, very winter hardy with no disease problems.
Plants are erect.
Plants are especially suitable for genetic modification because most plant cells are totipotent.
Plants are essential for any ecosystem.
Plants are essential nurseries for young fish, where they can escape predators and find food.
Plants are essential to life on earth.
Plants are essential to the balance of nature and in people's lives.
Plants are eukaryotic, multicellular, with specialization.
Plants are even a type of entertainment for primates.
Plants are even more sensitive to ozone than humans.
Plants are evergreen, and the leaves often come through the winter unblemished.
Plants are evergreen, mat or clump-forming, occasionally stoloniferous perennials.
Plants are evergreen, their shapes varying, horizontal and spreading to upright.
Plants are everywhere.
Plants are evolved from aquatic protists.
Plants are excellent for edging or containers.
Plants are expensive to build and maintain.
Plants are extraordinary.
Plants are extremely diverse and thus, there are a variety of different species.
Plants are extremely drought tolerant.
Plants are extremely efficient at converting light energy into the initial reaction products.
Plants are extremely important to humankind.
Plants are extremely vigorous and productive.
Plants are extremely vigorous.
Plants are extremely winter hardy.
Plants are far from being defenceless against viruses.
Plants are fascinating.
Plants are few branched.
Plants are first, as they derive their energy from the sun.
Plants are for looking at.
Plants are for sale throughout the day.
Plants are for sale whenever the nursery is open.
Plants are found growing on cliffs and in scrub, usually on limestone.
Plants are found in all sorts of environments.
Plants are four feet apart with ten feet between rows.
Plants are fragile and often cook so that the carbon only remains.
Plants are free bloomers, and bushes are easy to prune into mounded shrubs or stylized borders.
Plants are free-branching and able to tolerate warm temperatures in the South.
Plants are frequently poor in calcium, which is important to any growing vertebrate.
Plants are freshly dug and guaranteed true to cultivar name.
Plants are friends to everyone in the web of life.
Plants are frost tolerant.
Plants are frost-sensitive.
Plants are fundamental for sustainable development.
Plants are fundamental to all of life.
Plants are fundamental to survival and people are curious about living organisms.
Plants are further beneficial since they raise oxygen levels in the water.
Plants are generally available as rooted cuttings or as seedlings in plastic trays or pots.
Plants are generally erect in turfs of closely packed stems.
Plants are generally fully dormant with no obvious signs of active growth.
Plants are generally healthy, though sometimes on close inspection aphids are noticed.
Plants are generally only mildly stunted, if at all.
Plants are generally robust with large, showy heads.
Plants are generally three-fan or better, including any bonus plants chosen.
Plants are generous and shipped promptly.
Plants are genetically variable and highly plastic depending on environmental conditions.
Plants are good decorating elements that can mitigate the effects of traffic and congested roads.
Plants are good seed producers but show great variability in their ability to germinate.
Plants are grayish-green from a covering of stiff hairs.
Plants are great on vision but lousy on detail.
Plants are great to look at, especially when they have pretty flowers.
Plants are great, as well as anything black, or a shiny metallic color.
Plants are green because they contain chlorophyll.
Plants are green topped, no tubers.
Plants are grouped into floras based on region , period , special environment , or climate .
Plants are grouped into floras based on region, period, special environment, or climate.
Plants are grown for a period of time under low-light levels and with fewer nutrients.
Plants are grown from seed.
Plants are grown under aseptic conditions in special media.
Plants are hairless.
Plants are hairy above the middle.
Plants are hairy, with rose colored flower heads, and are relished by all kinds of livestock.
Plants are hardier and more disease-resistant.
Plants are hardy and vigorous.
Plants are hardy, easy to grow, and their fruit make excellent jams, jellies, preserves, and pies.
Plants are hardy.
Plants are harvested when the flowers are ripe.
Plants are healthier and more resistant to insect and disease attack.
Plants are healthy and vigorous.
Plants are healthy but have no flowers.
Plants are healthy Petunia alive with color.
Plants are healthy, state inspected and true to name.
Plants are heat and drought tolerant and thrive in poor soils.
Plants are heat and drought tolerant.
Plants are heat tolerant.
Plants are heavy feeders and require fertilizer every two to three weeks in the growing season.
Plants are heavy feeders so dress the soil regularly with well-rotted manure or finished compost.
Plants are heavy foliaged to protect fruit.
Plants are heavy-yielding and tolerate extreme heat and wetness.
Plants are here today and gone tomorrow.
Plants are highly competitive and often grow in dense colonies .
Plants are highly competitive for soil moisture with winter annuals and shallow-rooted perennials.
Plants are highly competitive for water and nutrients.
Plants are highly competitive with cereal crops and desirable rangeland species.
Plants are highly plastic depending on environmental conditions.
Plants are highly resistant to blackspot and powdery mildew.
Plants are highly variable and many regional biotypes exist.
Plants are highly variable wild forms of the cultivated sunflower.
Plants are highly variable with many regional biotypes.
Plants are holistic systems in which everything affects everything else.
Plants are hybrid, genetically altered, and no longer reproductive.
Plants are ideal for rock gardens.
Plants are immeasurably important in medicine.
Plants are immensely important for the consumer goods they provide.
Plants are imperfectly dioecious.
Plants are important for having changed the composition of the Earth's atmosphere.
Plants are important to add oxygen through photosynthesis and to provide food.
Plants are important to life on earth.
Plants are important to our health.
Plants are in a period of rapid growth and highly susceptible to herbicide treatment.
Plants are in full bloom and heavy with fruit.
Plants are in good condition with runners forming on oldest acreage.
Plants are in good condition.
Plants are in use with customers all over the country.
Plants are indeterminate, produce well until frost.
Plants are indicative of dry calcareous environments.
Plants are intolerant of shade at all stages of growth.
Plants are key features of all wetlands.
Plants are known to respond to environmental stimuli by producing auxins.
Plants are large and open with fragile stems.
Plants are large and quick growing with very deep color.
Plants are large and quick growing, good for mechanical harvesting and processing.
Plants are large and quick-growing.
Plants are large and spreading and bloom sparsely with white blossoms.
Plants are large and upright to spreading.
Plants are large and vigorous with few thorns, but yields have been low in the test plot.
Plants are large and vigorous.
Plants are large with a decumbent growth habit.
Plants are large with an upright growth habit.
Plants are large, erect or spreading.
Plants are large, slightly spreading with thick stems that are prominently angled.
Plants are large, upright to spreading.
Plants are late ripening with vigorous open and spreading growth.
Plants are late ripening, productive, and vigorous with erect growth.
Plants are late, medium-large sized, moderately upright but becoming spreading at maturity.
Plants are leafy and highly palatable with good feeding value both summer and winter.
Plants are leafy and nutritious, with dense basal leaves.
Plants are less complex in structure than animals, and have their own means of excretion.
Plants are less expensive to produce because of the ease of harvesting, storing and shipping.
Plants are less likely to suffer from pests and diseases when their cultural needs are met.
Plants are less sensitive at night and during periods of slower growth.
Plants are less susceptible to pests and diseases because they are naturally heathy.
Plants are less than a foot tall and very hardy providing an attractive, edible border.
Plants are Life.
Plants are life-giving and fresh looking.
Plants are light green, stunted and stands become thin.
Plants are light yellow in color and stunted.
Plants are light, dark, thin, thick, mottled, marbled.
Plants are like dogs and cats, sentient beings.
Plants are Like That.
Plants Are Like That.
Plants are likely to be stunted and wilted.
Plants are likely to make a slow recovery after drought injury.
Plants are likely to start flowering in their second year.
Plants are limited to algae, lichens and mosses.
Plants are listed alphabetically by their botanical name.
Plants are live, feeling beings, capable even of emotional reacting.
Plants are living objects, sensitive, rooted in space.
Plants are Living Things .
Plants are located along the unpaved, sandy roadsides within the undeveloped subdivision.
Plants are located in dirt.
Plants are located in flower pots.
Plants are located in gardens.
Plants are located in greenhouses.
Plants are located in ground.
Plants are located in houses.
Plants are located in parks.
Plants are located in porchs.
Plants are located in pots.
Plants are located in shelfs.
Plants are located in tables.
Plants are located in water.
Plants are located in windowsills.
Plants are low and shrubby and have tough, waxy leaves.
Plants are low-growing ground covers, resistant to fire and low in fuel volume.
Plants are machine harvested into special steel tanks for steam distillation.
Plants are made of a polymer called cellulose .
Plants are made of cells.
Plants are made up mostly of a substance known as cellulose.
Plants are main season in maturity.
Plants are mainly concerned with gaining energy from their light source via photosynthesis.
Plants are mainly ground-hugging shrubs and short woody trees.
Plants are masters of chemical warfare.
Plants are mat-like, animals are few.
Plants are mature unless otherwise noted.
Plants are medium height with good storm resistance, fiber quality and gin turnout.
Plants are medium in size and spreading in habit.
Plants are medium in size, erect to spreading.
Plants are medium large and erect.
Plants are medium large and spreading with stems that are medium-thick and prominently angled.
Plants are medium large and spreading.
Plants are medium large, moderately upright to spreading.
Plants are medium large, upright and compact.
Plants are medium sized and spreading.
Plants are medium sized but show exceptional increase.
Plants are medium sized, erect to spreading.
Plants are medium sized, upright and vigorous.
Plants are medium tall, of winter habit.
Plants are medium to large and spreading.
Plants are medium to large and upright.
Plants are medium to large, erect and spreading.
Plants are medium to large, initially upright and later spreading and dense.
Plants are medium to pricey.
Plants are medium-large to large and upright.
Plants are medium-late maturity, tall, vigorous and upright.
Plants are medium-sized with long broad leaves and pink flowers.
Plants are merely a mass of tissue, without sense of their surroundings.
Plants are miniature mounds of bloom.
Plants are moderately resistant to blackspot, and susceptible to rust.
Plants are moderately vigorous and productive.
Plants are moderately vigorous, very productive, and possess some resistance to powdery mildew.
Plants are moderately vigorous.
Plants are monoecious and are primarily wind pollinated.
Plants are monoecious.
Plants are monophyletic.
Plants are more apt to fall over in part shade.
Plants are more compact.
Plants are more drought resistant in the seedling stage than alfalfa or clovers.
Plants are more evolved than minerals.
Plants are more expensive, and thus are more suitable for small sites.
Plants are more flexible.
Plants are more generous to kin than strangers.
Plants are more likely to be damaged as nematode populations increase.
Plants are more likely to experience nutrient and water deficiencies.
Plants are more likely to survive a hard winter if planted early in the fall.
Plants are more productive.
Plants are more susceptible to insect attack if damaged by hail, wind, or rain.
Plants are more susceptible to lacebug infestation when grown in full sun.
Plants are more susceptible to winter injury when grown in wet, heavy soil.
Plants are more than food and produce.
Plants are most at risk in the unguarded outdoors, where no one is watching.
Plants are most happy, and form beautiful colonies, in moist, semi-shady areas.
Plants are most nutritious when they are still growing.
Plants are most prone to adult feeding injury prior to trifoliate emergence.
Plants are most successful in slower currents.
Plants are most susceptible at anthesis.
Plants are most susceptible from transplanting until they begin to vine.
Plants are most susceptible in early summer when most farmers are busy with field crops.
Plants are most susceptible to frost injury during the spring flush of growth.
Plants are most susceptible to systemic herbicide effects during the late flowering stage.
Plants are most toxic during early growth, but toxicity gradually declines over the growing season.
Plants are most toxic if cut and dried for hay late in the summer, during seed production.
Plants are mostly rhizomatous.
Plants are mostly water, anyway.
Plants are much better at absorbing carbon from the soil.
Plants are much more developed.
Plants are much more susceptible when planted in poorly drained areas or planted too deeply.
Plants are multicelluar prokaryotes with cell walls made of cellulose.
Plants are multicellular and make their own food.
Plants are multicellular eukaryotes that carry out photosynthesis.
Plants are multicellular green organisms.
Plants are multicellular organisms composed of eukaryotic cells.
Plants are multicellular organisms that have evolved the ability to live on land.
Plants are multicellular organisms where photosynthesis occurs.
Plants are multicellular, eukaryotic, photosynthetic autotrophs.
Plants are multicellular, generally autotrophic organisms.
Plants are multicellular, have a rigid cell wall and make their own food.
Plants are multicellular, photosynthetic organisms having alternation of generations.
Plants are multicellular, whereas algae are unicellular.
Plants are multicellular.
Plants are native in the Upper Midwest from Minnesota eastward.
Plants are native to Europe and North Africa.
Plants are naturally rounded and free bloomers.
Plants are nature's producers and make their own food using energy from the sun.
Plants are no different.
Plants are no exception.
Plants are no more capable of giving out carbon dioxide than animals are of giving out oxygen.
Plants are normal and fertile and produce viable seed.
Plants are noteworthy for two good reasons.
Plants are noticeably less affected and the presence of beneficial arthropods such as spiders, etc.
Plants are now commercially available.
Plants are of average height, and racemes and pods are of medium length.
Plants are of variable habit, from ground-hugging to pyramidal.
Plants are of vital importance to the maintenance of conditions favourable to life on earth.
Plants are offered for sale under a variety of common names.
Plants are often a uniform dull pale green to slightly yellow and severely stunted.
Plants are often affected in the bud stage and distortion of the plant can follow.
Plants are often an important part of a fish's basic diet.
Plants are often available as merely the species.
Plants are often available for sale.
Plants are often dwarfed, spindly, and more erect than normal with dwarfed, dark green leaves.
Plants are often dwarfed.
Plants are often larger and stronger.
Plants are often multi-stemmed and shrub like.
Plants are often of tropical origin.
Plants are often one-sided.
Plants are often self-fertilizing, so it can then start a whole population.
Plants are often slow to establish, taking a couple of years before vigorous growth begins.
Plants are often spindly .
Plants are often spindly and weak.
Plants are often under or over-watered.
Plants are older than trees.
Plants are one of the five kingdoms of living things.
Plants are one of the groups of multicellular eukaryotes with cell walls.
Plants are one to two feet tall and make a fine display with their red flowers.
Plants are only artificial.
Plants are only slightly frost hardy.
Plants are only susceptible to damping-off as seedlings.
Plants are organics.
Plants are organisms that can make their own food.
Plants are organisms that can obtain energy from sunlight.
Plants are organisms that develop from embryos and are protected by tissues of the parent plant.
Plants are organisms.
Plants are our focus in science.
Plants are our only source of the eight essential sugars that are needed for a healthy diet.
Plants are our partners in breathing.
Plants are our sole source of nitrogen and they obtain it from the soil as nitrates.
Plants are our teachers and healers.
Plants are over-watered if the soil stays muddy or puddled.
Plants are parasitized by viruses, bacteria, fungi, nematodes, and a few other plants.
Plants are part of a larger group of group of organisms called photoautotrophs.
Plants are part of a natural solution to indoor air pollution.
Plants are part of ecosystems.
Plants are part of gardens.
Plants are part of nature.
Plants are part of nature.
Plants are particularly susceptible.
Plants are particularly useful in noise control when joined with landforms.
Plants are perennial and long-lived vines, in commerce supported on trellises.
Plants are perennial if prevented from setting seed.
Plants are photoautotrophs.
Plants are photosynthetic and produce much of the oxygen that's in the atmosphere.
Plants are photosynthetic autrophs.
Plants are photosynthetic eukaryotes with tissue.
Plants are poisonous from early spring until they mature and dry in early summer.
Plants are polygamous bearing staminate, carpellate and bisexual flowers.
Plants are poor sources, while fruit and nuts contain no vitamin D at all.
Plants are pretty sensitive to the type or quality of radiation they receive.
Plants are pretty.
Plants are primarily for Texas and Oklahoma but many are relevant to Arizona and other arid lands.
Plants are primary producers and are the foundation upon which the global ecosystem is based.
Plants are primary producers and have varying life spans - from moments to centuries.
Plants are primary producers at the center of the web.
Plants are primary producers of energy from the sun.
Plants are probably cheaper and more effective at removing pollution than any known air filters.
Plants are producers are consumers are omnivores .
Plants are producers because they turn sun energy into food energy.
Plants are producers in an ecosystem because they are something called autotrophic.
Plants are producers in the ecosystem chain.
Plants are producers that make their own food through a process called photosynthesis.
Plants are producers, and the process in which they make their own food is called photosynthesis.
Plants are producers, while animals are consumers.
Plants are producers.
Plants are productive and attractive and flavor is good at either the green or yellow stage.
Plants are productive, resistant to root diseases, and are quite tolerant to fruit rots.
Plants are prokaryotic, multicellular, heterotrophic organisms.
Plants are prone to fireblight, which can wilt or blacken stems and leaves.
Plants are propagated by asexual or sexual means.
Plants are pubescent.
Plants are quite cold hardy and can usually be harvested into the winter.
Plants are quite drought-resistant except during flowering.
Plants are quite prolific and flower at a young age.
Plants are quite vigorous and produce plenty of squash for an extended period.
Plants are rare and imperiled in New Hampshire for a variety of reasons.
Plants are rare or absent where the cryptogamic crust has been destroyed or is undeveloped.
Plants are rare, fragile and slow growing.
Plants are readily available at nurseries, turf is available from turf suppliers.
Plants are readily available at nurseries.
Plants are ready for transplantation to the field after three to six months.
Plants are ready for unflasking when they have several pairs of leaves and strong and healthy roots.
Plants are ready to be transplanted into final containers when they have three to four true leaves.
Plants are really weird.
Plants are red stele resistant.
Plants are referred to as producers because they are capable of producing their own food.
Plants are relatively mature unless otherwise indicated.
Plants are relatively more tolerant of chromosomal aberrations than are animals.
Plants are relatively tall, coarse, finely branched, and produce small racemes of medium-sized pods.
Plants are relatively tolerant of cold temperatures and can withstand slight freezing.
Plants are remarkably different from animals, fungi and microbes.
Plants are represented by white circles and herbivores by grey circles.
Plants are reproductively mature at three years of age.
Plants are resistant to a wide range of cucumber diseases and easy to grow.
Plants are resistant to blackspot, very floriferous, everblooming and drought tolerant.
Plants are resistant to potato virus Y and tobacco mosaic virus.
Plants are resistant to powdery mildew and tolerant of verticillium wilt.
Plants are resistant to red stele.
Plants are resistant to tobacco mosaic virus.
Plants are resistant to verticillium and fusarium wilt.
Plants are rich in minerals that they are able to absorb from the earth and sunlight.
Plants are robust with semievergreen habit.
Plants are rooted and move slowly as they grow.
Plants are said to make their own food and are known as producers.
Plants are seeded and stressed during the seeding year and rated for winter survival.
Plants are self compatible.
Plants are self fertile, and also cross-pollinated by insects.
Plants are self- fertile.
Plants are self seeding.
Plants are self-fertile.
Plants are self-pollinating.
Plants are self-sterile with male and female flowers usually borne on separate plants.
Plants are self-sufficient organisms that make their own food.
Plants are semi-dwarf.
Plants are semi-erect growing tall enough to be cut for hay.
Plants are sensitive organisms.
Plants are sensitive to acid rain.
Plants are sensitive to atmospheric fluoride.
Plants are sensitive to heat, bolting to seed quickly in warm weather.
Plants are sensitive to light.
Plants are sensitive to natural or blended gas.
Plants are sensitive to salt levels in the water.
Plants are sensitive to salt.
Plants are sensitive to the degree of shade.
Plants are sensitive.
Plants are sessile and bound to a two-dimensional surface.
Plants are sessile organisms, that depend upon chemical signals to interact with the microbiota.
Plants are sessile, have rigid cell walls and have no fixed germline.
Plants are shallow-rooted in uncultivated soils, but develop deeper root systems on cultivated land.
Plants are short and finely branched and produce small racemes with relatively large pods.
Plants are short and group together to resist the cold temperature.
Plants are short and moderately hardy.
Plants are short.
Plants are shorter and are charming in the rock garden, or scrambling around stepping-stones.
Plants are shorter due to stunted growth.
Plants are shorter than hardneck varieties with more spreading rather than upright leaves.
Plants are shortly pubescent and usually branched near the base.
Plants are slow emerging, moderate in size and spreading in habit.
Plants are slow growing and small.
Plants are slow growing at first, but pick up speed in their second year.
Plants are slow to emerge, medium in size and spreading.
Plants are slow to establish and fill in.
Plants are slow to establish and have low to medium numbers of medium strength, upright canes.
Plants are slow to establish but improve in appearance, so be patient.
Plants are slow to grow to conserve moisture.
Plants are slow to re-establish.
Plants are small and bloom sparsely with white flowers.
Plants are small and grow well everywhere.
Plants are small and reduced in structure with no evident stems or leaves.
Plants are small and slow to establish.
Plants are small and unthrifty with reduced yields.
Plants are small and weak and produce no flowers.
Plants are small but have distinct simple stems and leaves.
Plants are small but healthy.
Plants are small evergreen trees which require good rainfall and cool temperatures.
Plants are small herbaceous annuals and perennials.
Plants are small to medium size with spreading growth habit.
Plants are small, but very productive.
Plants are smart.
Plants are smooth or nearly so.
Plants are so pretty, they look great in the flower bed.
Plants are solar factories.
Plants are solitary or with a smaller attached daughter plant.
Plants are sophisticated chemical factories and herbs are full of pharmacological agents.
Plants are sophisticated organisms consisting of thousands of organic compounds.
Plants are spiny, short, moderately vigorous, fairly dense with many branches close to the ground.
Plants are state inspected, healthy, and true to name.
Plants are stationary beings used to experiencing life at a very slow pace.
Plants are strong growing, slender and vining, with large leaves.
Plants are strong.
Plants are strongly rhizomatous aand start growth early in the spring.
Plants are stunted and bushy with numerous, dwarfed side twigs.
Plants are stunted and bushy.
Plants are stunted and make little or no new growth.
Plants are stunted and produce fewer bolls of a smaller size.
Plants are stunted and sickly with small galls formed on the roots.
Plants are stunted and spindling or dwarfed and bushy.
Plants are stunted and yellowed.
Plants are stunted with curled and mottled leaves.
Plants are stunted, pale, and bunchy.
Plants are stunted, the foliage turns red, and fruit is small and seedy.
Plants are stunted, tiller excessively, and have narrow leaves.
Plants are stunted, twisted, and puckered.
Plants are stunted, upright, and bushy.
Plants are stunted, yellowish, and grow slowly.
Plants are subject to frost damage.
Plants are subject to infection at any stage of development.
Plants are subject to it too.
Plants are subject to rust, but sensitive to fungal sprays.
Plants are suitable for hanging baskets and containers.
Plants are susceptible as the head emerges from the boot.
Plants are susceptible to aphids, thrips and rust.
Plants are susceptible to disease in humid areas.
Plants are susceptible to frost.
Plants are susceptible to leaf-spotting fungi during wet periods.
Plants are tall and lax, with few flowers, on sites that are shaded most of the day.
Plants are tall and spindly.
Plants are tall and sturdy and resist blossom drop and end rot well.
Plants are tall perennial herbs with long stems.
Plants are tall with open or lax, nodding heads.
Plants are tall, rather coarse growers with large, broad arrow-shaped leaves.
Plants are tall, so allow plenty of room in the background or in a sunny corner.
Plants are temporary.
Plants are tender and do well along coast as an exterior landscape plant.
Plants are tender to frost.
Plants are tender to half hardy depending on level of maturity.
Plants are the air-purifiers for planet earth.
Plants are the base of the food chain.
Plants are the base of the world's food supply.
Plants are the basic producers of energy.
Plants are the basis for all life .
Plants are the basis for life on Earth.
Plants are the basis for most of our medicines.
Plants are the basis for virtually all life on earth.
Plants are the basis of all life on Earth.
Plants are the basis of food, for all living beings.
Plants are the basis of life on Earth.
Plants are the basis of virtually all terrestrial food chains .
Plants are the best sources of manganese.
Plants are the books where knowlege is written.
Plants are the bottom line in life.
Plants are the dominant organisms on the landscape and are often taken for granted.
Plants are the ecosystem's primary food producers.
Plants are the energy base of an ecosystem.
Plants are the first level in the food chain .
Plants are the first organisms in the production chain.
Plants are the first part of the food chain and so are called producers .
Plants are the first step in most food chains.
Plants are the foundation of life in the garden.
Plants are the foundation of our planets food chain.
Plants are the foundation of terrestrial food chains.
Plants are the foundation of the ecosystem's food chain.
Plants are the ideal mineral factory.
Plants are the lungs and heart of the planet.
Plants are the main contributor of oxygen on the Earth through the process of photosynthesis.
Plants are the main photosynthetic producers on land.
Plants are the main producers in most terrestrial ecosystems.
Plants are the major producers of oxygen in the world.
Plants are the most efficient means of sustaining life in space.
Plants are the most essential item for a successful water garden.
Plants are the most familiar autotrophs on land.
Plants are the most familiar type of autotroph, but there are many other kinds.
Plants are the most noticeable of the living components of both the boreal forest and tundra.
Plants are the most prolific genome duplicators .
Plants are the most prolific genome duplicators.
Plants are the nearly universal source of energy for all living things.
Plants are the only living organisms that can make their own food.
Plants are the only organisms in the natural world that make their own food.
Plants are the only organisms that can convert light energy from the sun into food.
Plants are the only organisms that can make their own food.
Plants are the only organisms which can make their own food.
Plants are the only organisms which can perform photosynthesis.
Plants are the only thing on earth that can make sugar, and plants are made of sugars.
Plants are the only things that actually produce food.
Plants are the original food source for all animals, even for carnivores and omnivores.
Plants are the parasites of the Earth and man is a parasite of plants.
Plants are the primary food producers in food chains and food webs.
Plants are the primary food source of digestible, absorbable calcium.
Plants are the primary habitat for thousands of other organisms.
Plants are the primary producers in most terrestrial food webs.
Plants are the primary producers on earth.
Plants are the primary producers that supply energy to all ecosystems.
Plants are the primary producers.
Plants are the primary source for human and animal nutrition and dominate the natural landscape.
Plants are the primary source of organic matter.
Plants are the primary sourceof organic matter.
Plants are the primary way dunes are stabilized.
Plants are the prime example of autotrophs, using photosynthesis .
Plants are the producers in the food chain.
Plants are the 'producers' on which all other life depends.
Plants are the richest source of dietary folate.
Plants are the same way.
Plants are the same, laden with double-meanings.
Plants are the same.
Plants are the source of fiber.
Plants are the source of life for the ecosystem in swampy areas.
Plants are the source of oxygen and the ultimate provider of food for land animals.
Plants are the source of the carotenoids present in animals.
Plants are the ultimate wildlife feeders.
Plants are the young of the world, but they grope ever upward towards consciousness.
Plants are thirsty.
Plants are thornless and vary in height and number of flowers.
Plants are thorny and most parts are pubescent.
Plants are threatened worldwide by habitat destruction, climate change and over harvesting.
Plants are to be destroyed.
Plants are to be identified.
Plants are to be maintained in good condition.
Plants are to be treated before being sold.
Plants are tolerant of at least moderate frost.
Plants are tolerant of drought and grow quickly.
Plants are tolerant of heavier, wetter soils, cold weather, and frost.
Plants are tolerant of poor soils.
Plants are tolerant of restricted soil space.
Plants are tolerant of sporadic watering and yield very well.
Plants are tolerant to heat stress and tubers bulk early.
Plants are tolerant to heat stress.
Plants are too young and immature.
Plants are totipotent a.
Plants are tough and adaptable taking some drought once established.
Plants are tough and roots are the toughest part.
Plants are tough, reliable, and with few disease and pest problems.
Plants are trees, shrubs , lianes , or stumpy turnip-like .
Plants are trees, vines, ferns, grass.
Plants are tricky.
Plants are truly amazing organisms.
Plants are truly amazing.
Plants are typically annual in California.
Plants are typically biennial, but some regenerate after flowering and become perennial.
Plants are typically non-moving.
Plants are typically upright-spreading and rather loosely branched.
Plants are typically very caustic environments.
Plants are unable to grow when stepped on and human disturbance prevents wildlife from feeding.
Plants are unable to run, fly, creep or crawl out of a fire's path.
Plants are unable to use organic nitrogen directly.
Plants are under a lot of stress when they dry out and it can lead to insect problems.
Plants are under-watered if they appear to be wilting.
Plants are unique in that they make most of their food through a process called photosynthesis.
Plants are unisexual.
Plants are unlikely to recover from such extensive damage.
Plants are up to two feet tall and covered with fine, spreading hairs.
Plants are up to two feet tall, with narrow, toothed leaves that are spaced alternately on the stem.
Plants are upright and foliage is attractive too.
Plants are upright growing with large showy yellow flowers.
Plants are upright, vigorous and productive.
Plants are used as national and state emblems, including state trees and state flowers .
Plants are used as national and state emblems, including state trees and state flowers.
Plants are used as sources of food and goods for humans.
Plants are useful for planting on banks for erosion control.
Plants are useful in many ways.
Plants are useful to humans.
Plants are usually about a foot tall.
Plants are usually less than three feet tall, but can be up to ten feet tall near water.
Plants are usually only visible when flowering.
Plants are usually rather stemmy with few broad leaves.
Plants are usually rhizomatous.
Plants are usually thorny with reduced leaf surface area.
Plants are versatile creatures.
Plants are very attractive.
Plants are very cold hardy.
Plants are very drought resistant once established, and are tolerant of coastal conditions.
Plants are very drought tolerant.
Plants are very easy to clone unlike animals.
Plants are very easy to grow, come into flower quickly, and bloom all summer long.
Plants are very frost sensitive, so keep plants protected in case of a late cold spell.
Plants are very hardy , productive, and disease resistant.
Plants are very hardy with attractive shiny green foliage.
Plants are very hardy.
Plants are very heat tolerant and adapt to many soil types.
Plants are very helpful to humans.
Plants are very important because they provide most of our food.
Plants are very important in pools.
Plants are very important to every living thing on earth.
Plants are very important to the Earth and to our lives.
Plants are very important to the quality of water.
Plants are very interesting because they grow in so many different ways and have varied flowers.
Plants are very interesting things.
Plants are very large with upright growth habit.
Plants are very nice additions but some are potentialy harmful.
Plants are very productive, early maturing and resistant to numerous diseases.
Plants are very productive, with vigorous, thorny canes.
Plants are very productive.
Plants are very prolific and bloom from mid summer till frost.
Plants are very prolific and produce inflorescences continuously.
Plants are very resistant to maritime exposure.
Plants are very sensitive to climate.
Plants are very sensitive to light, temperature, and how dry or humid a place is.
Plants are very sensitive to ozone and PANs.
Plants are very sensitive to sulphur dioxide, fluorine compounds, smog etc.
Plants are very successful organisms, growing in almost every environment on Earth.
Plants are very vigorous and productive.
Plants are very vigorous and require a sturdy trellis for support.
Plants are very vigorous and sucker well.
Plants are very vigorous with wide foliage.
Plants are very vigorous, extremely heavy producers.
Plants are very vigorous, semi-upright with leaves close and compact.
Plants are vigorous and clump quickly.
Plants are vigorous and clump rapidly.
Plants are vigorous and do well in heavier soils.
Plants are vigorous and give big yields up until frost.
Plants are vigorous and good runner producers, but beds tend to run down after two or three seasons.
Plants are vigorous and hardy.
Plants are vigorous and high yielding.
Plants are vigorous and increase rapidly.
Plants are vigorous and produce many runners.
Plants are vigorous and produce runners freely.
Plants are vigorous and productive.
Plants are vigorous and prolific.
Plants are vigorous and rapid to increase.
Plants are vigorous and strong and tolerant of adverse weather conditions.
Plants are vigorous and they runner well.
Plants are vigorous and upright with few thorns.
Plants are vigorous and upright.
Plants are vigorous and very winter hardy.
Plants are vigorous and winter hardy.
Plants are vigorous but prefer heavier soils.
Plants are vigorous but susceptible to red stele and verticillium root diseases.
Plants are vigorous growers and flowers are flat.
Plants are vigorous growers, even in our climate, spreading via stolons.
Plants are vigorous growing vines related to melons and squash, and are grown in the same way.
Plants are vigorous growing vines similar to cucumbers and melons.
Plants are vigorous runner producers.
Plants are vigorous with amples increase.
Plants are vigorous with few thorns.
Plants are vigorous with large, light green leaves.
Plants are vigorous with many runners.
Plants are vigorous, bushy and disease tolerant.
Plants are vigorous, cold hardiness is fair, and fruit flavor and firmness are good.
Plants are vigorous, consistently productive, spreading, and tolerant of drought.
Plants are vigorous, copious runner producers with some resistance to red stele.
Plants are vigorous, disease resistant, and very productive.
Plants are vigorous, hardy , and productive.
Plants are vigorous, hardy, productive, erect and easy to prune.
Plants are vigorous, have a slightly sprawling type of growth with medium productivity.
Plants are vigorous, productive, and resistant to anthracnose.
Plants are vigorous, spreading and have an indeterminate type of growth.
Plants are vigorous, upright and productive.
Plants are vigorous, upright shrubs.
Plants are vigorous, upright, disease resistant and productive.
Plants are vigorous, upright, productive.
Plants are vigorous, very productive.
Plants are vigorous, with some resistance to red stele.
Plants are vigorous.
Plants are vigourus and multiply rapidly.
Plants are viny or semi-viny, fairly leafy with trifoliate leaves.
Plants are vital sources of antioxidants for humans and other animals.
Plants are vital to humankind's existence.
Plants are vital to our survival.
Plants are vitally important to human existence.
Plants are vitally important to life on earth.
Plants are weakened or killed and fruit yield is reduced.
Plants are weakened or stunted.
Plants are weaker against attack when they are standardized.
Plants are well adapted to conserving water resources and finding new ones.
Plants are well adapted to grazing patterns.
Plants are well-spaced and typically exhibit microphyllous leaf phenologies.
Plants are what animals live with.
Plants are what hold the sand in place and keep the dunes from blowing away.
Plants are winter hardy in any climate, and are fire retardent.
Plants are winter tender but often are planted as far north as central Missouri.
Plants are winterhardy in Iowa without protection.
Plants are winter-hardy in Iowa without protection.
Plants are without evident stems.
Plants are wonderful for really picking up a room.
Plants are yanked from the water around the area to allow the young ones to eat.
Plants are yellow and wilted.
Plants are yellow due to a limited amount of chlorophyll.
Plants are yellow if grown in full sun.
Plants are yellowed, stunted, wilt, and die.
Plants are yellowish, bushy, and dwarfed with many rosette-like, secondary shoots.
Plants are yet another chore.
Plants are, after all, much easier and cheaper to grow than mice.
Plants are, however, living things and they can at any time develop disease, virus, or insect pests.
Plants arrive as bareroot.
Plants arrive in good shape.
Plants arrive within three days.
Plants assist the activated sludge processes mimicking the activity of natural wetlands.
Plants associated with the bird's winter home are pine forests and broad-leafed scrub.
Plants associated with the joys of life are the country s countless vineyards.
Plants associated with the joys of life are the country' s countless vineyards.
Plants associated with the joys of life are the country's countless vineyards.
Plants assume a rounded habit at maturity.
Plants attacked begin to lose color, fading from green to yellow and eventually turn red.
Plants attacked by mites appear sickly and white-speckled.
Plants attacked by the fungus usually show a wet rot on the stem.
Plants attacked underground are usually large-rooted crops like carrot and turnip.
Plants attain height.
Plants attain maximum height.
Plants attain size.
Plants attract animal pollinators.
Plants attract animals that eat plants.
Plants attract animals.
Plants attract attention.
Plants attract beetles.
Plants attract birds.
Plants attract bumble bees.
Plants attract butterflies all season.
Plants attract butterflies.
Plants attract cucumber beetles.
Plants attract deer.
Plants attract goldfinches.
Plants attract herbivores.
Plants attract insects.
Plants attract ladybirds.
Plants attract native pollinators.
Plants attract pollinators.
Plants automate, integrate and tackle food safety.
Plants based on the technology are in use for both potable water and sewage treatment.
Plants bear blue flowers.
Plants bear female flowers.
Plants bear flowers.
Plants bear fruit throughout the summer, though less at any one time than determinate types.
Plants bear male flowers.
Plants bear many beautiful speckle-throated flowers in an array of colors atop leafy stems.
Plants bear more fruit when two or more varieties are grown together.
Plants bear one sex of cones.
Plants bear pale blue flowers.
Plants bear pale flowers.
Plants bear well even in cooler weather and mature earlier than most large-fruited types.
Plants bear yellow flowers.
Plants bearing no fruit make stronger vine growth.
Plants bearing pseudo - hermaphrodite flowers are also dichogamous.
Plants become active in the warm season and rest under ground in the cold season.
Plants become buds.
Plants become dormant in hot summer weather.
Plants become even more less common towards the northwest.
Plants become food.
Plants become infected in nurseries but show no symptoms until transplanted to production fields.
Plants become leaves.
Plants become leggy.
Plants become loose and wobbly, pulling easily from the soil.
Plants become more susceptible as they get older.
Plants become natural perches that simulate a bird's environment.
Plants become nuisances.
Plants become parasitic vines.
Plants become photosensitive at the forth leaf pair stage.
Plants become resistant to infection one week after flowering.
Plants become spindly and cease growth.
Plants become stiff and soon die.
Plants become stunted and bunchy.
Plants become stunted and yellow, and leaves curl upward at the margins.
Plants become taller and bushier over the years as the rootstock matures.
Plants become the property of the customer upon delivery to the transportation carrier.
Plants become the property of the purchaser upon delivery to the carrier.
Plants become thin and weak.
Plants become turgid again in the spring when the soil warms.
Plants become unable to push roots into the compacted soil nor can water penetrate the subsoil.
Plants become unthrifty and die due to plugging of the water and nutrient conducting vessels.
Plants become vines.
Plants become wider as underground rhizomes multiply.
Plants become woody and decompose more slowly if they grow to the flower or seed stage.
Plants become yellow and lower leaves drop off.
Plants become yellowish and dwarfed.
Plants begin colonising the land .
Plants begin colonization of land.
Plants begin Invertebrates colonization flourish.
Plants begin their lives in the incubator, grown on sterile nutrient medium.
Plants begin their move towards dormancy in fall.
Plants begin to grow again, animals come out of hibernation and soon baby animals are born.
Plants begin to grow and blossom very early in the spring.
Plants begin to grow leaves, buds and flowers as the weather warms in late spring.
Plants begin to grow where once it was barren.
Plants begin to produce new stolons and rosettes in the spring.
Plants begin to set their seed for the next year as the wheel turns on.
Plants begin to wake up from their winter sleep and flowers show their colors.
Plants begin to wilt and usually die soon.
Plants belong to families.
Plants belong to few plant families.
Plants belong to genus.
Plants belong to legume families.
Plants belong to lily families.
Plants belong to parsley families.
Plants belong to plantain families.
Plants belong to sunflower families.
Plants belong to taxonomic genus.
Plants belong to the Eukaryote Domain, as do humans.
Plants Below are safety tips regarding plants.
Plants bend over as seed falls to the ground.
Plants bend toward light because cells on the dark side of the stem elongate.
Plants bend toward light.
Plants bend towards the center of the earth in response gravity.
Plants bend towards the source of light.
Plants benefit by seed dispersal.
Plants benefit fish by reducing toxins and increasing oxygen levels during the day.
Plants benefit from animals.
Plants benefit from attracting pollinators to their flowers.
Plants benefit from manure.
Plants benefit from the relationship by receiving pollinating services from the feeding hummers.
Plants benefit from the warm water, too.
Plants better carry on respiration all the time like an animal or they are dead.
Plants bind phosphate into organic compounds when they absorb it from soil or water.
Plants bite back.
Plants bloom all summer and fall.
Plants bloom all summer and into the fall and are available in a variety of pinks and white.
Plants bloom continuously from spring to fall.
Plants bloom early midseason and repeat.
Plants bloom first season when started early.
Plants bloom for months.
Plants bloom heavily in early summer and intermittently through the summer.
Plants bloom in early springs.
Plants bloom in springs.
Plants bloom in weeks.
Plants bloom over a long period in late summer and fall.
Plants bloom profusely in early summer.
Plants bloom quickly producing lots of seeds.
Plants bloom the first year from seed if started early indoors.
Plants bloom the following spring, then set seed and die.
Plants break down food much the same way as animals .
Plants break down food much the same way as animals.
Plants break down part of the water into oxygen and hydrogen during photosynthesis.
Plants break down substances.
Plants break the fall of the raindrops and allow for water infiltration or percola-tion.
Plants breathe by inhaling carbon dioxide and exhaling oxygen.
Plants breathe here, their tracers hang like dreams.
Plants breathe in carbon dioxide, absorb it to build their tissue, and breathe out oxygen.
Plants breathe in carbon dioxide, and breathe out oxygen.
Plants breathe in carbon dioxide.
Plants breathe in the soil with the help of their roots .
Plants breathe on their leaves through the process of food making called photosynthesis.
Plants breathe oxygen into the atmosphere.
Plants breathe through openings, called stomata, on their leaves.
Plants breathe through tiny pores in the leaves called stomata.
Plants breathe too, by taking in certain gases from the atmosphere and releasing others.
Plants breathe using a system called respiration.
Plants bring new energy to a room.
Plants bring practical benefits They clean air inside house.
Plants build proteins from materials in the air and the soil.
Plants build themselves with carbon from the carbon dioxide in the air.
Plants burn both oil and coal.
Plants burn energy as they grow, too.
Plants caespitose .
Plants called cushions grow in tight clumps in the tundra , but lichens are the dominant plants .
Plants called cushions grow in tight clumps in the tundra, but lichens are the dominant plants.
Plants can absorb nitrate or ammonium from the soil via their root hairs.
Plants can absorb nitrate or nitrite from the soil via their root hairs.
Plants can absorb water and nutrients from soils using root systems of various types.
Plants can absorb water through stomata under their leaves.
Plants can accumulate boron, which is necessary for plant growth.
Plants can actually adversely affect a shrimp tank.
Plants can actually manufacture their own food.
Plants can adapt to drought by sending their roots deeper into the soil.
Plants can adapt to low humidity conditions, but optimum growth occurs under reasonable humidity.
Plants can add, absorb and deflect sound by the presence and movement of their foliage and branches.
Plants can adjust to reduce risk of wilting.
Plants can affect the climate.
Plants can also absorb minerals through their roots.
Plants can also act as bio-refineries.
Plants can also adapt to sunlight.
Plants can also adjust to other light levels over time.
Plants can also alter microclimates by intercepting precipitation.
Plants can also be useful in recording the history of mutation stress at a given site.
Plants can also become fossils.
Plants can also change color depending on their diets.
Plants can also cleanse particulate and chemical pollutants from the air, protecting our health.
Plants can also convert nitrate to nitrite by enzymes known as nitrate reductases .
Plants can also dehydrate their cells by moving water into intercellular spaces .
Plants can also grow as suckers from the roots of trees damaged by the fire.
Plants can also have a high RGR through high tissue nutrient concentration.
Plants can also have twig and stem cankers.
Plants can also hide unwanted stowaways as they're brought in.
Plants can also house molds.
Plants can also produce deadly poisons.
Plants can also produce offspring asexually.
Plants can also reduce erosion by binding and anchoring soil particles to roots.
Plants can also reduce flooding downstream.
Plants can also spread by growing bigger and spreading out across the ground.
Plants can and do react to damage.
Plants can be a breeding ground for mold.
Plants can be a poisonous hazard inside the home.
Plants can be as short as four inches or as tall as two feet depending on the species.
Plants can be dangerous as well as helpful.
Plants can be dangerous.
Plants can be de-vernalized if the cold treatment is followed by a heat.
Plants can be easy to manipulate too.
Plants can be either an annual , perennial , or biennial .
Plants can be further drought-proofed with the judicious use of mulches.
Plants can be heliophytes, mesophytes or xerophytes .
Plants can be native to a specific site, a geographic region, or a specific continent.
Plants can be parasites as well.
Plants can be poisonous as well as beneficial.
Plants can be poisonous as well.
Plants can be poisonous too.
Plants can be poisonous, too.
Plants can be quite heavy.
Plants can be sensitive to alcohol and soap.
Plants can be sensitive to either low or high soil moisture.
Plants can be single-headed or clumping, sessile or with elongated stems.
Plants can be so different.
Plants can be spectacular.
Plants can be three feet tall, but most North Dakota specimens are about two feet tall.
Plants can be very diverse when it comes to reproduction.
Plants can become invasive in gardens and difficult to eradicate.
Plants can become vigorous and spread over or out of boundaries, so prune as needed.
Plants can bloom two or more times a year.
Plants can cause sleeplessness and relationship problems.
Plants can change their properties during a growing season.
Plants can cleanse the air of carbon monoxide, nitrogen dioxide, benzene and formaldehyde.
Plants can close the holes underneath their leaves to prevent loss of water during a drought.
Plants can compete successfully by having different types of roots.
Plants can continue in production for decades before needing to be replaced.
Plants can convert light energy to useful chemical energy.
Plants can dazzle too.
Plants can decrease DO levels by reversing aeration methods.
Plants can detect the differences in day length and respond accordingly.
Plants can develop the ability to withstand cold temperatures.
Plants can die from too much or too little water.
Plants can die in a severe case, and potatoes can be seriously affected, especially in storage.
Plants can do anything animals or bacteria can do.
Plants can do both.
Plants can do virtually nothing.
Plants can double or triple their size in the first season if soil is rich in organic matter.
Plants can easily adapt to pot culture in well-draining, limed soil.
Plants can either be male, or female, or both.
Plants can either have an erect or prostrate type growth with several spreading branches.
Plants can exhibit good fall colour.
Plants can extract water more readily when water tension is small.
Plants can feel the same way.
Plants can flower profusely and several times a year.
Plants can form a living sculpture on their own, or help soften surrounding architecture.
Plants can form new chemicals that can break down minerals and improve soil structure.
Plants can form new chemicals that can break down minerals and improve the soil structure.
Plants can form new species in one generation.
Plants can generally cope with small numbers of aphids.
Plants can get diseases from the time the seed is placed in the soil until the vegetable is eaten.
Plants can get much larger than the stated mound size.
Plants can grow and lose leaves four or five times in a year depending on rainfall.
Plants can grow better with a higher color rendering index light source.
Plants can grow from one and a half feet tall to over eight feet in height.
Plants can grow from parts of perennial roots as small as one-tenth of an inch in thickness.
Plants can grow from seeds, or other parts of the parent plants like roots, stems or leaves.
Plants can grow in many different substances.
Plants can grow in the presence of cyanide.
Plants can grow just fine with a low level of insect or disease infestation.
Plants can grow outdoors in containers without drainage holes only if they are sheltered from rain.
Plants can handle it better than humans.
Plants can have any number of leaves within a range.
Plants can have both fruits and flowers at the same time.
Plants can have single stems or many branches depending upon the population in the field.
Plants can have two or more generations per season.
Plants can help a contaminated area in several ways.
Plants can help a room look more inviting.
Plants can help clean indoor air.
Plants can help restore proper bodily functions.
Plants can influence aggregate formation in a number of ways.
Plants can leave fossils.
Plants can lift and balance the chi of a room, an entire building and exterior landscapes.
Plants can live a long time with little to no added nutrients in their water or soil.
Plants can look quite different in sunlight than they do in shade.
Plants can lose too much water when subjected to constant high temperature.
Plants can lose water even during dormancy.
Plants can maintain structure, have cellulose, have different tissues, and are multicellular.
Plants can make their own carbon using water and sunlight.
Plants can make their own food.
Plants can no longer survive at such raw, bitter temperatures.
Plants can now take up the phosphates in the soil.
Plants can offset profusely, so propagation is by potting up offsets.
Plants can often generate sizable root pressures that can play a role in water movement.
Plants can often reseed themselves or grow back from their tuberous roots.
Plants can only absorb water through their roots.
Plants can only fertilize eggs of the same species.
Plants can only grow where they have light.
Plants can only photosynthesise in the light.
Plants can only take up nitrogen in the form of nitrate.
Plants can optimize the fraction sons in the seeds.
Plants can physically break apart rocks when they grow in cracks.
Plants can play an important role in dewatering unstable slopes.
Plants can play an important role in pest control.
Plants can predict sawfly emergence Plants are good indicators of when spring has arrived.
Plants can prevent soil erosion, they can frame a view, or screen an eyesore.
Plants can process a vast amount of water.
Plants can produce a staggering amount of pollen.
Plants can produce clones of themselves through asexual reproduction.
Plants can produce compounds that have estrogen effects.
Plants can produce offspring in the form of seeds, runners, stolons, split bulbs and rhizomes.
Plants can produce other plants like themselves.
Plants can produce oxygen.
Plants can produce seeds as a means to reproduce and produce offspring.
Plants can produce volatile chemicals that diffuse through the environment.
Plants can provide windbreaks, and if strategically placed can actually be a crash buffer.
Plants can range from green plants to wood plants and have different types of functions .
Plants can range from green plants to wood plants and have different types of functions.
Plants can range in size from less than a millimeter to several centimeters in height.
Plants can rapidly colonize a site by vegetative reproduction from creeping roots.
Plants can rapidly colonize shallow waters.
Plants can rapidly develop colonies.
Plants can reach a height of two feet.
Plants can reduce flooding downstream .
Plants can reduce infiltration by slowing the rate of the wind.
Plants can reduce sulfate to sulfide and grow with sulfate as the only source of sulfur.
Plants can regenerate the corms.
Plants can re-grow after being clipped or mowed.
Plants can remove several contaminants simultaneously, at low cost and with low maintenance.
Plants can reproduce asexually by vegetative propagation.
Plants can reproduce asexually in a variety of ways.
Plants can reproduce asexually through vegetative propagation.
Plants can reproduce one of two ways, sexually or asexually.
Plants can reproduce sexually or asexually.
Plants can resist insects or better compete with weeds.
Plants can root in the gravel and so on.
Plants can root more deeply.
Plants can 'rosette' if temperatures get too high during propagation and young growth stages.
Plants can sense weather changes and temperatures as well.
Plants can serve as indicators of wetland chemistry.
Plants can set fruit without cross-pollination, but the flowers are fragrant and attract insects.
Plants can show genetic variation within their range.
Plants can significantly reduce pollutants such as formaldehyde.
Plants can spawn a clone of itself from any cell.
Plants can spread by rhizomes and can easily self-seed to form a dense bushy groundcover.
Plants can spread by seeds and become weedy with time.
Plants can spread rapidly from one season to the next.
Plants can spread to four feet across when mature.
Plants can stand a considerable amount of whorlworm damage.
Plants can stay in the water for up to one week with the water changed daily.
Plants can stop the movement of dust and pollutants.
Plants can store other pigments in organelles similar to chloroplasts.
Plants can store surplus energy in underground tubers and roots.
Plants can succumb to either over watering or under watering.
Plants can suddenly wilt and die when infected with fusarium.
Plants can suffer damage from heat.
Plants can suffer nitrogen burn or grow so much foliage that they never flower.
Plants can synthesise their own food and store in their body.
Plants can t walk around from one place to another.
Plants can take full advantage of bright sunny days when the weather permits.
Plants can take up cadmium from the soil and animals concentrate it in the liver and kidney.
Plants can take up nitrate or ammonia forms of nitrogen.
Plants Can Tell Atrazine injury on wheat.
Plants can therefore, in some cases, both increase or decrease hormonal levels in the body.
Plants can to thinned when they are a few inches tall.
Plants can tolerate frequent flooding and saline soil conditions.
Plants can tolerate larger populations of English grain aphids than of greenbugs.
Plants can tolerate moderate stippling.
Plants can tolerate quite a lot of stress and still produce well.
Plants can tolerate some insect damage without significant loss to yield or aesthetics.
Plants can tolerate very large populations without yield loss.
Plants can uptake ten times more nutrients, and improve soil texture at the same time.
Plants can usually adapt to a wide variety of soil conditions.
Plants can usually manage with one watering every other day.
Plants can vary dramatically in sensitivity to pollutants.
Plants can vary from attractive mounding forms to more upright shapes.
Plants can wilt on a sunny day immediately following a cool, cloudy period.
Plants can wilt quickly.
Plants can withstand flooding and silting and are also drought resistant.
Plants can withstand light frost, but hard frosts can severely damage plants.
Plants can, and often do, grow along the pond edge.
Plants capture and keep energy from the sun in food molecules.
Plants capture and store some the sun's energy and convert it into chemical energy.
Plants capture energy from sunlight by means of photosynthesis.
Plants capture energy from the sun and store it as chemical energy.
Plants capture energy.
Plants capture light.
Plants capture only one thousandth of the sunlight that falls on the Earth.
Plants capture radiant energy from the sun and transfer it to the chemical bonds in glucose.
Plants capture radiant energy.
Plants capture solar energy and use it to synthesize simple sugars during photosynthesis.
Plants capture sunlight.
Plants carry out photosynthesis in the presence of sunlight.
Plants carry pollen.
Plants cascade down the white plaster walls the ornate grillwork on the shady patio.
Plants cause allergies.
Plants cause skin allergies.
Plants cease photosynthesizing at night but continue to utilize oxygen for respiration.
Plants cease to grow in the autumn.
Plants cespitose to shortly rhizomatous.
Plants cespitose, lacking rhizomes.
Plants change and grow.
Plants change as they grow.
Plants change energy they receive from the sun into stored energy.
Plants change from green to purple to tan as they cure.
Plants change their appearance dramatically through months, seasons and years.
Plants churn out more chlorophyll during daytime.
Plants clean our drinking water by filtering water with their root systems.
Plants clean the air and produce cleaner air.
Plants clean the air and release oxygen.
Plants clearly defend themselves quite well against most of their enemies, except for humans.
Plants Click on a thumbnail to view any of the pictures below.
Plants Click the Images to see an enlarged view and to place orders online.
Plants Click the picture to zoom in.
Plants closely resemble their parents.
Plants collapse and die.
Plants collapse or are easily pulled up.
Plants collect dew, gradually releasing it during the hotter parts of the day.
Plants collect energy from the sun.
Plants collected from Arizona, Nevada, and New Mexico carry tags from the state of collection.
Plants colonize sites by producing new shoots from lateral roots .
Plants colonize sites by producing new shoots from lateral roots.
Plants come back every year, are attractive, and can be grown in containers.
Plants come back year after year.
Plants come directly from the soil, and for example cows eat the grass that is grown in the ground.
Plants come from little tiny seeds.
Plants come from seeds.
Plants come from seeds.
Plants come from tiny seeds.
Plants come in a mixture of flower and foliage colors.
Plants come in all shapes and sizes.
Plants come in different shapes, and they also come in different textures.
Plants come in many colors.
Plants come in regular or dwarf, flowers in single or double.
Plants come up in new locations in the demographic plot almost every year.
Plants come with some size, nurtured in the long Georgia summers.
Plants come, plants go.
Plants commonly affected by iron deficiency are pin oak, azalea, blueberry, rhododendron and holly.
Plants commonly called azaleas have thinner, more pointed, hairy leaves.
Plants commonly produce large clusters of small flowers.
Plants commonly sprout from underground rhizomes after aboveground foliage is consumed by fire.
Plants compete for light and water.
Plants compete for light, nutrients and space sometimes with their own offspring.
Plants compete for light, root space, water and minerals.
Plants compete for light, water, nutrients and space.
Plants compete for light, water, space and nutrients in the soil.
Plants compete for living space just like animals do.
Plants compete for physical space, for nutrients and water from the soil and for sunlight.
Plants compete for water, light and nutrients.
Plants compete with algae for nutrients, such as nitrogen, phosphorous and ammonia.
Plants compete with each other for light, moisture and nutrients.
Plants compete with each other for light, water and nutrients .
Plants compete with host plants.
Plants compete with other plants for space, water, light and nutrients.
Plants compete with plants.
Plants compete with weeds.
Plants comprise the basic food material, directly or indirectly, for the whole lake ecosystem.
Plants consist mostly of benthic algae, mostly diatoms.
Plants consist of leaves.
Plants consist of long tap roots.
Plants consist of many cells.
Plants consist of roots.
Plants consist of short stems.
Plants consist of single stems.
Plants consist of stems.
Plants consist of submersed floating plants and non-persistent emerging plants.
Plants consist of tap roots.
Plants consist of water.
Plants consume carbon dioxide through their roots and animals take in the oxygen.
Plants contain a chemical called auxin.
Plants contain a variety of pigments.
Plants contain a vast network of conduits, which consists of xylem and phloem tissues.
Plants contain an enzyme called nitrate reductase.
Plants contain aromatic substances.
Plants contain bitter substances.
Plants contain carbohydrates.
Plants contain carotene which is converted to true vitamin-A in the body.
Plants contain cellulose which is harder to digest.
Plants contain chemical substances.
Plants contain chemicals that bind the iron making it unable to be absorbed.
Plants contain chemicals.
Plants contain chlorophyll.
Plants contain chloroplasts so they can manufacture food through photosynthesis.
Plants contain chloroplasts.
Plants contain compounds with oestrogen-like action called phytoestrogens.
Plants contain compounds.
Plants contain cyanide bound to sugars.
Plants contain cytoplasm.
Plants contain elements.
Plants contain enzymes.
Plants contain excess carbohydrates.
Plants contain extraordinarily sensitive light detection systems.
Plants contain fiber.
Plants contain flavonoids, which are being studied for their possible effects on health.
Plants contain fluid.
Plants contain hundreds of thousands of phytochemicals that prevent diseases in humans.
Plants contain insoluble fiber.
Plants contain lots of biologically active ingredients.
Plants contain medicine.
Plants contain minerals.
Plants contain nitrogen.
Plants contain no cholesterol and, apart from avocados and coconut, little saturated fat.
Plants contain nutrients.
Plants contain occur minerals.
Plants contain occur trace minerals.
Plants contain organic substances which are passed on to herbivores and carnivores.
Plants contain particles.
Plants contain photosynthetic pigment.
Plants contain pigment.
Plants contain powerful and sometimes dangerous chemicals.
Plants contain psychoactive chemicals.
Plants contain psychoactive compounds.
Plants contain radioactive waste.
Plants contain red pigment.
Plants contain root cells, leaf cells, and stem cells.
Plants contain special structures that allow for photosynthesis to occur.
Plants contain sticky fluid.
Plants contain substances.
Plants contain the following organelles.
Plants contain the same biological processes and biochemistry as microbes and animals.
Plants contain toxic chemicals.
Plants contain toxic compounds.
Plants contain trace minerals.
Plants contain vitamins.
Plants contain waste.
Plants contain water.
Plants continually renew themselves and hence last for a long time.
Plants continue growing throughout their lives.
Plants continue to be moved on into individual pots and seed trays.
Plants continue to bloom and form pin beans.
Plants continue to bloom for about two months.
Plants continue to blossom and set fruits throughout the summer.
Plants continue to do great but still no fruit.
Plants continue to flower for four weeks.
Plants continue to grow in the fall, but cool temperatures slow top growth.
Plants continue to grow, despite the presence of dead tissue, such as cork.
Plants continue to suffer as the adult beetle chews holes in the leaves.
Plants contribute to poor survival.
Plants contribute to problems.
Plants contribute to survival.
Plants control the development of lateral shoots through hormones.
Plants convert carbon dioxide.
Plants convert dioxide.
Plants convert energy from sunlight into sugar in a process called photosynthesis.
Plants convert excess glucose into starch for storage.
Plants convert fuel.
Plants convert light energy to chemical energy through photosynthesis.
Plants convert light into chemical energy which is stored in the organism as sugars.
Plants convert nitrogen to make proteins essential to new cell growth.
Plants convert phosphate into organic forms.
Plants convert photons to chemical bonds.
Plants convert solar energy into chemical energy through photosynthesis.
Plants convert solar energy into chemical energy.
Plants convert sunlight to stored fuel which is used for energy.
Plants convert the energy from light into simple sugars, such as glucose.
Plants convert the energy of the sun into chemicals.
Plants convert the nitrates into amino acids, which are the components of protein molecules.
Plants convert the solar energy to chemical energy in a process called photosynthesis.
Plants count on each other to survive.
Plants cover a significant proportion of the land mass of the earth.
Plants cover areas.
Plants cover surface areas.
Plants covered include later introductions from all over the world.
Plants covered include perennials, annuals, shrubs and grasses.
Plants covered with spunweb never have to be uncovered.
Plants covered with sticky, white powdery clumps indicate a mealy bug infestation.
Plants create food which is different from other living things on Earth.
Plants create organic compounds by using sunlight, carbon dioxide and water to photosynthesise .
Plants create oxygen through a process called photosynthesis, which is crucial to survive.
Plants create their food through photosynthesis.
Plants create their own energy food, called glucose, through a process called photosynthesis.
Plants create their own food through a process called photosynthesis.
Plants create waste by-products through the normal cell processes.
Plants cross when pollen from one plant is moved to the flowers of another by wind or insects.
Plants decline in vigor.
Plants decompose fixing carbon, and animals decompose releasing carbon.
Plants decompose rapidly.
Plants decompose so slowly here that mosquitoes have a smorgasbord of goodies from which to choose.
Plants decontaminate land without ruining the soil.
Plants decorate the outside.
Plants deer usually avoid are considered deer-resistant.
Plants defend themselves against pathogens.
Plants demand heat, sun and well-drained soil.
Plants densely cespitose.
Plants depend highly on light and moisture.
Plants depend on alpine mycorrhizal root fungi for survival.
Plants depend on animal pollinators.
Plants depend on animals to produce oxygen.
Plants depend on insect pollinators.
Plants depend on insects.
Plants depend on light intensity and duration more so than temperature.
Plants depend on nutrients in the soil to grow.
Plants depend on pollinators.
Plants depend on rainfall.
Plants depend on soil to survive in the world.
Plants depend on sunlight for synthesising their food by the process of photosynthesis.
Plants depend on temperature.
Plants depend on the soil for water, anchorage, and nutrients.
Plants depend on the sun and animals depend on plans.
Plants depend on the sun.
Plants depend on various chemical defense mechanisms to resist attack from herbivores and pathogens.
Plants depend on water in the ground for their needs.
Plants depend upon a healthy soil, and they have learned how to serve and preserve that soil.
Plants depend upon animals for food and shelter.
Plants derive energy from the sun for growth and survival.
Plants deserve to live and grow, too.
Plants develop a basal rosette that overwinters.
Plants develop a general or partial wilt.
Plants develop a mass of gum in the center of the root, which swells in the summer heat.
Plants develop a reddish tinge when ready for harvest.
Plants develop as a basal rosette.
Plants develop buds.
Plants develop conditions.
Plants develop elongated internodes and dull foliage under marginal lighting.
Plants develop feeder roots.
Plants develop first true leaves.
Plants develop flower and seeds with or without fruit in their reproductive growth .
Plants develop from buds.
Plants develop from pinkish root buds from any depth.
Plants develop from seeds.
Plants develop from unfertilized gametes.
Plants develop grow conditions.
Plants develop growth.
Plants develop into bushes.
Plants develop into thick, multi-stemmed clumps at maturity.
Plants develop leaves.
Plants develop long rhizomes bearing buds which germinate readily.
Plants develop many slender, weak shoots.
Plants develop new feeder roots.
Plants develop off-color, yellowish foliage and edges of the leave often curl under.
Plants develop over time.
Plants develop prime grow conditions.
Plants develop rather rapidly and are harvested before the flower buds open.
Plants develop resistance.
Plants develop roots close to the pot any time oxygen starvation of the root system occurs.
Plants develop roots.
Plants develop seeds through a process called pollination.
Plants develop seeds.
Plants develop stems.
Plants develop sturdy stems.
Plants develop taproots.
Plants develop their own poisons to fight off disease.
Plants develop thick stems.
Plants develop to their full potential in semi-shaded situations.
Plants develop trunks.
Plants develop vascular systems.
Plants develop vegetative growth.
Plants develop woody roots.
Plants develope out of seeds, by themselves or out of parts of another plant.
Plants developing from seed planted too shallow are particularly prone to frost heaving.
Plants die after seed is produced.
Plants die after the first killing frost.
Plants die and decompose in a process that produces carbon.
Plants die and decompose, decomposition uses up oxygen, fish die.
Plants die back completely once blooming has completed.
Plants die back in summer.
Plants die back somewhat in the winter and produce new growth in the spring.
Plants die back to rootstocks in summer.
Plants die back to the tuber in dry times.
Plants die down in winter, but fast-growing shoots appear again in spring.
Plants die down in winter, even in mild climates, but are perfectly hardy.
Plants die due to overfertilization from the nitrogen in the urine.
Plants die during cold winter.
Plants die during extended dry, hot periods.
Plants die during winter.
Plants die early.
Plants die from lack of sunlight.
Plants die gradually.
Plants die in autumn.
Plants die in clusters within a field.
Plants die in patches, and the disease commonly produces a circular pattern in the bed.
Plants die in severe heat.
Plants die or produce weak, spindly growth and no fruit.
Plants die or remain stunted.
Plants die out in patches.
Plants die prematurely when the disease is severe.
Plants die prematurely.
Plants die quickly during the summer in circles with leaves still attached.
Plants die quickly.
Plants die rapidly under close continuous grazing.
Plants die slowly over several years.
Plants die slowly.
Plants die soon after symptoms are observed.
Plants die suddenly after the first symptoms of wilting.
Plants die when the crowns are completely covered with soil.
Plants die within cold seasons.
Plants die within grow seasons.
Plants die within seasons.
Plants die without full spectrum lighting.
Plants die, and valuable habitat is lost.
Plants die, animals die.
Plants die, usually without yellowing or spotting of the leaves.
Plants differ from humans in many ways.
Plants differ greatly in their light requirements.
Plants differ in nutritional contents, and the same can be said of their phytosterol contents.
Plants differ in the broadness of the colored edge or center.
Plants differ in their ability to take up, accumulate and tolerate heavy metals.
Plants differ in their irrigation needs.
Plants differ in their preference for soil moisture levels.
Plants directly defend themselves by producing tough leaves and toxic chemicals.
Plants discussed include trees, vines and perennials.
Plants disperse roots.
Plants disperse seeds.
Plants display blue flowers.
Plants display flowers.
Plants display leaves.
Plants display pale flowers.
Plants display pale yellow flowers.
Plants display yellow flowers.
Plants do a whole lot more than just sit and decorate bedrooms or schoolyards.
Plants do any number of chemical exchanges with their environment all the time.
Plants do attract wildlife.
Plants do best if their roots are constantly wet, while their foliage and flowers are kept dry.
Plants do best in a well-drained, fertile, loam soil with moderate water holding capacity.
Plants do best in bright light, a very porous soil and regular watering.
Plants do best in climates with long, dry summers.
Plants do best in humus-rich soil in shade or dappled sunlight.
Plants do better in some locations than others for a variety of reasons.
Plants do contain other sterols but they never contain cholesterol.
Plants do eat and breathe.
Plants do give out carbon dioxide during the day due to respiration.
Plants do have a higher level of structure called plant tissue systems.
Plants do have minor thorns.
Plants do help clarify pond water and nitrifying bacteria does grow all over the pond.
Plants do it without batting an eye, even potatoes, which actually have eyes.
Plants do it, too, and humans can feel mighty miserable as a result.
Plants do just the opposite, especially after a watering.
Plants do make perfect presents.
Plants do photosynthesis.
Plants do pull easily.
Plants do the best they can with whatever materials are available.
Plants do the opposite - they use carbon dioxide and release oxygen.
Plants do the same thing.
Plants do their own thing once they are in the ground, just relax and enjoy it.
Plants do tolerate dry conditions.
Plants do vary from district to district in height, thickness of branches and sturdiness of spines.
Plants do want to use safer products.
Plants do well in either full sun or light shade.
Plants do well in healthy soil.
Plants do well in hot, dry areas and are long-lived.
Plants do well in moist to dry rich soils in full sun to partial shade.
Plants do well in small containers even with crowded roots.
Plants do well in the moisture.
Plants do, photosynthesis.
Plants dominate our landscape, and our lives, as they have done throughout our history.
Plants draw carbon dioxide from the atmosphere to make food.
Plants draw many nutrients from soil humus.
Plants draw nutrients from the soil.
Plants draw water up through their roots.
Plants drop flowers.
Plants drop leaves in response to stress, which is usually linked to changes in growing conditions.
Plants drop leaves.
Plants drop seeds into the muck and wither away.
Plants drop seeds.
Plants dry down and pods turn yellow.
Plants dry out quickly in containers, so monitor water.
Plants dwarf to very tall, the culms filiform to broad-trigonous.
Plants e.g. the colour of a courgette is either yellow, dark green or light green.
Plants easily adapt to most soils except heavy clays and compacted soils.
Plants eat carbon dioxide.
Plants eat sunlight.
Plants eat the energy of the sun directly.
Plants eaten include leaves of balsam fir and white cedar, sarsparilla, strawberry and apple.
Plants eaten include leaves of balsam fir and white cedar, sasparilla, strawberry, and apple.
Plants effectively compete other species for light.
Plants eliminate harmful waste substances in the form of secretions such as resins and gums.
Plants eliminate some waste through diffusion.
Plants emerge and then retreat to the safety of the soil or drift to another area.
Plants emerge in late spring and begin blooming a few weeks later.
Plants emerge in springs.
Plants emerge in very early spring and have bloomed and set seed by early to mid-summer.
Plants emerging at any time of the year can go on to flower and set viable seeds.
Plants emit a characteristic parsnip odour.
Plants emit oxygen as a waste.
Plants emit terpenes into the atmosphere, where they react with ozone.
Plants emphasized include varieties attractive to birds and butterflies.
Plants employ specialised carriers to mobilise auxins to target tissues.
Plants endure a daily struggle for water, nutrients and light.
Plants enhance expression.
Plants enrich man's environment by adding beauty and functionality.
Plants enrich the water with oxygen and also provide hiding places for the fish.
Plants enter cotyledon stages.
Plants enter final stages.
Plants enter reproductive stages.
Plants enter stages.
Plants entering the winter with a shortage of stored carbohydrates are more susceptible to injury.
Plants escape drought by living in the few places where water is actually plentiful.
Plants escape from gardens or from dumped garden refuse.
Plants establish in areas.
Plants establish in floodplain areas.
Plants establish in riparian areas, floodplains, ditches, culverts, and roadsides.
Plants establish well for summer bloom if planted in fall.
Plants even require water during winter.
Plants even use chemicals to defend their territory against other plants.
Plants eventually develop symptoms of dry or scorched leaves, particularly in mid-summer.
Plants eventually die if over harvest of the leaves continues.
Plants eventually die.
Plants evincing adaptation to arid conditions are termed xerophytes.
Plants evolve flowers.
Plants evolve to stop from being on the bottom of the food chain.
Plants excel at reproduction without sex.
Plants exclude the red and brown algae, animals, the fungi, archaea and bacteria.
Plants excrete acids through the roots.
Plants excrete fewer chemical waste products that animals do.
Plants exhibit a much greater aptitude for asexual reproduction than animals.
Plants exhibit a wide range of tolerance to salinity and specific ions.
Plants exhibit characteristics.
Plants exhibit different characteristics.
Plants exhibit diversity in size and shape ranging from single cells to gigantic trees.
Plants exhibit features.
Plants exhibit follow features.
Plants exhibit growth.
Plants exhibit photosynthesis.
Plants exhibit plant reproduction.
Plants exhibit reproduction.
Plants exhibit resistance.
Plants exhibit responses.
Plants exhibit symptoms of specific nutrient deficiencies.
Plants exhibit toxic responses.
Plants exist as basal rosettes until flowering stems develop at maturity and rosette leaves whither.
Plants exist as rosettes until flowering stems develop at maturity.
Plants exist in climates.
Plants exist in close association with each other and their environment.
Plants exist in countries.
Plants exist in european countries.
Plants exist in many countries.
Plants exist in many european countries.
Plants expand vegetatively through tillering.
Plants experience multiple abiotic and biotic stresses in the field.
Plants experience the most growth during the summer.
Plants experience variation.
Plants explode into growth, tracking the midnight sun.
Plants expose to sunlight.
Plants exposed to ozone are more susceptible to disease, pests and environmental stresses.
Plants express symptoms in a gradient from one end of the field to the other.
Plants extract carbon from the atmosphere and convert it into food.
Plants exude juglone, a chemical that deters plant growth beneath the trees.
Plants face a lot of attackers and have evolves many times to defend themselves.
Plants face severe challenges in arid environments.
Plants fail to flower for several reasons.
Plants fail to flower for various reasons.
Plants fail to flower.
Plants fail to grow, but no sign of insects.
Plants fall flat without it.
Plants fall into pollination syndromes that reflect the type of pollinator being attracted.
Plants fall into two groups with two types of photosynthesis.
Plants favor pine rockland habitat.
Plants feature flowers.
Plants feature leaves.
Plants feature pink star flowers.
Plants feed almost all the heterotrophs Members of the animal kingdom are found.
Plants feed animals.
Plants feed bees.
Plants feed by luring, then drowning, insects in the pool of liquid at the base of the pitcher.
Plants feed caterpillars.
Plants feed herbivores.
Plants feed on the dust of stones.
Plants feed on the odic prana in the air.
Plants feed themselves through the process called photosynthesis.
Plants feel tissue injury and respond quickly, precisely, and with an effective battery of defenses.
Plants fill in quickly for a colonful display.
Plants fill in quickly for a colorful display.
Plants fill out very well.
Plants fill undeniably one of the most crucial niches in the ecosystem.
Plants filter the air in order for human beings and animals to survive.
Plants Find at least four plants which are commonly found there .
Plants find both abundant light and nutrients from bottom sediments.
Plants find in backyard habitats.
Plants find in disturb habitats.
Plants find in habitats.
Plants find in pasture.
Plants find in wetland habitats.
Plants find it hard to penetrate.
Plants find on earth.
Plants first show a wilted appearance.
Plants fix atmospheric carbon through photosynthesis.
Plants fix carbon and release oxygen, and animals release carbon and use oxygen.
Plants fix the energy from the sun by photosynthesis.
Plants float and are loosely attached to each other by stolons.
Plants flourish, then die, and wildlife species migrate in and out as the habitat changes.
Plants flower all the year round.
Plants flower early and stay covered with blooms until frost.
Plants flower in early to late spring.
Plants flower in late springs.
Plants flower in seasons.
Plants flower in second seasons.
Plants flower in springs.
Plants flower indeterminately.
Plants flower the following summer and die at the end of summer or with the first frost.
Plants fold the light into plant matter, exhaling oxygen.
Plants form a compact bush-like vine that is very productive.
Plants form a low bush or trailing plant eight to twelve inches tall.
Plants form a low mound of large, velvety silver or grey-green leaves.
Plants form a mat on calcium-rich gravelly soil.
Plants form a monophyletic group with green algae.
Plants form a neat mound of attractive, glaucous evergreen foliage over which the flowers are borne.
Plants form a rosette of medium to dark green leaves on a very short stem.
Plants form a slender, branched, leafy stem that contains a milky juice.
Plants form a velvety green carpet and can grow into a hump.
Plants form an erect tussock of dark green, leathery fronds.
Plants form bases.
Plants form buds quickly after potting into containers.
Plants form dense mats, clogging waterways and irrigation pumps.
Plants form dense roots.
Plants form large caudex, half of which is underground.
Plants form leaves.
Plants form mats several yards in diameter.
Plants form nearly perfect circular rosettes of leaves with centers tinged with pink, red or purple.
Plants form rather bushy growth habit.
Plants form roots.
Plants form rosettes of hairy lance shaped leaves in their first growing season.
Plants form the base of the food pyramid upon which all living things depend on.
Plants form the basic foundation of food webs and support other life forms.
Plants form the food, directly or indirectly, for every living thing on earth.
Plants form the mainstay of their diet.
Plants forms an important link in the chain of life.
Plants found in deeper water include water lilies, pond weeds, and bladderworts.
Plants found in deserts are adapted to their environment.
Plants furnish almost all our food requirements.
Plants gain a foothold more easily.
Plants gain nutrients.
Plants gain strength.
Plants gain their carbon dioxide by opening small pores, called stomata on the leaf or stem surface.
Plants generally absorb less of the heavy metals from soil when gypsum is applied.
Plants generally allocate more carbon below- than aboveground on an annual basis.
Plants generally are fully dormant with no obvious signs of active growth.
Plants generally bear four to six pairs of lance-shaped, smooth leaves.
Plants generally behave as self-seeding biennials.
Plants generally belong to the first trophic level.
Plants generally die prematurely and produce little grain.
Plants generally flower and produce seeds during the second season.
Plants generally get water and minerals from soil.
Plants generally grow best when there is an ample supply of both primary and secondary nutrients.
Plants generally grow better on undisturbed than on tilled soil.
Plants generally grow normally until they run out of one nutrient, which then limits growth.
Plants generally grow slowly and live a long time.
Plants generally have a rigid cell wall composed of cellulose.
Plants generally have broad leaves.
Plants generally have leaves.
Plants generally have roots.
Plants generally have shallow roots.
Plants generally live two years but sometimes longer.
Plants generally mature in late summer, long after most other annuals have senesced.
Plants generally reproduce sexually, and most also can reproduce asexually.
Plants generally respond to fertilizer and warmer weather.
Plants generally show little effect of true bug feeding, unless the bugs are very abundant.
Plants germinate and grow.
Plants germinate from seeds.
Plants germinate in mid spring and grow fairly fast.
Plants get bright light.
Plants get carbon, hydrogen and oxygen from air and water.
Plants get direct sunlight.
Plants get energy by breaking down the sugars, releasing some of the energy as heat.
Plants get energy from sunlight.
Plants get energy from the sun through a process called photosynthesis.
Plants get energy from the sun through photosynthesis.
Plants get energy from the sun, and animals get energy from eating other plants or animals.
Plants get energy from the sun, and are eventually squashed into coal and oil.
Plants get energy.
Plants get enough carbon, hydrogen and oxygen from air and water.
Plants get enough water.
Plants get essential nutrients.
Plants get indirect sunlight.
Plants get light from the sun, water from the ground and carbon dioxide from air.
Plants get light.
Plants get little direct sunlight.
Plants get little sunlight.
Plants get magnesium from the earth, thanks to the bacteria in healthy topsoil.
Plants get mineral nutrients.
Plants get most of it.
Plants get most of their water directly from soil surrounding their roots.
Plants get most of their water from capillary water .
Plants get most of their water from the soil.
Plants get much nourishment.
Plants get nourishment.
Plants get nourishments from soil and the roots get protected from the harsh rays of the sun.
Plants get nutrients from the soil.
Plants get nutrients.
Plants get nutrition.
Plants get optimum nutrition.
Plants get sick too.
Plants get some of their necessary nutrients from the soil and water.
Plants get sunburn just as humans can.
Plants get sunlight.
Plants get the minerals that occur as a gas, such as carbon in carbon dioxide, through their leaves.
Plants get the water needed for photosynthesis from their roots.
Plants get the water they require through their root systems in the soil.
Plants get their carbon from carbon dioxide in the atmosphere.
Plants get their energy for food by the process of photosynthesis.
Plants get their energy from the soil through roots.
Plants get their energy from the sun animals the ocean .
Plants get their energy from the sun through a chemical process called photosynthesis.
Plants get their energy from the sun through photosynthesis.
Plants get their energy from the sun via photosynthesis.
Plants get their energy from the sun, herbivores eat the plants, and carnivores eat the herbivores.
Plants get their energy from the sun.
Plants get their energy to grow through a process called photosynthesis.
Plants get their food from humus, the end results of the decay or organic matter.
Plants get their green color from a pigment called chlorophyll.
Plants get their green color from the chlorophyll which is found inside of their cells.
Plants get their nutrients and water from thesoil.
Plants get their nutrients from the air, water and soil.
Plants get their nutrients from the environment.
Plants get their nutrients from the fungus in the soil.
Plants get their nutrients through the soil.
Plants get their water by absorbing it through their roots when it rains.
Plants get water from the dirt through their roots.
Plants get water in several ways.
Plants get water.
Plants get weather.
Plants give animals nutrients.
Plants give away nectar and fruit, but they get something in return.
Plants give off oxygen and take in carbon dioxide given off by animals.
Plants give off oxygen and take in carbon dioxide.
Plants give off oxygen as a waste mproduct of photosynthesis.
Plants give off oxygen as an output.
Plants give off oxygen.
Plants give off VOCs into the atmosphere and nutrient solution.
Plants give off water through stomata, which are tiny openings in their leaves.
Plants give out oxygen during the day and nitrogen at night.
Plants give oxygen and shade and, at the same time, somewhere for the fish to hide themselves.
Plants give pollen.
Plants give sustenance to animals.
Plants given excess nitrogen tend to be tall with weak stems.
Plants go dormant after flowering.
Plants go dormant in summer but carpet large areas of woodland in spring.
Plants go from the seed, to the seedling , to the flowering plant.
Plants go in and out of style.
Plants go through a process known as photosynthesis.
Plants go through an alternation of generations.
Plants go through growth stages.
Plants go through photosynthesis.
Plants go through seasonal changes.
Plants go through several growth stages.
Plants go through several stages.
Plants go through stages.
Plants go through two stages in their life cycle, called alternation of generations.
Plants go through two stages of dormancy.
Plants gradually decline in vigor and die.
Plants gradually decline in vigor, become stunted, produce less and less fruit.
Plants gradually decline, wither, die back, and finally die.
Plants gradually lose vigor.
Plants grouped at varying heights are more pleasing to look at than plants placed in a lineup.
Plants grouped into beds require less care than individual specimens.
Plants grow about two feet tall and wide and have an open, airy look.
Plants grow according to a genetic pattern, organic molecules are highly organised structures.
Plants grow against the pull of gravity.
Plants grow all year.
Plants grow almost everywhere on earth.
Plants grow and animals are active.
Plants grow and animals live on top of the soil.
Plants grow and bloom and change with the seasons.
Plants grow and bloom best in moist, fertile soil.
Plants grow and flower best at high relative humidity.
Plants grow and flower best in full sun.
Plants grow and flower better due to increased insect and organism activity in the soil.
Plants grow and flower through the summer and the season ends with the first hard frost in the fall.
Plants grow and make food for animals.
Plants grow anywhere there is space to grow.
Plants grow approximately six to ten feet tall.
Plants grow as vines.
Plants grow as weeds.
Plants grow at a slow rate toward their stimuli.
Plants grow at different rates during different seasons.
Plants grow at elevation.
Plants grow at levels.
Plants grow at positions.
Plants grow at various rates.
Plants grow best in a sunny location in well drained soil.
Plants grow best in a sunny location.
Plants grow best in cool weather.
Plants grow best in deeply cultivated soil that is high in nitrogen.
Plants grow best in fairly rich soil kept somewhat moist.
Plants grow best in full sun during the fall, winter, and spring.
Plants grow best in moist soils.
Plants grow best in moist, acidic, humus rich soil.
Plants grow best in partial shade but tolerate full sun in Northern regions.
Plants grow best in relatively moist fertile soil.
Plants grow best in soil that contains plenty of nutrients and organic matter.
Plants grow best in well-drained soils in a sunny position.
Plants grow best inloams, which are soils containing equal amounts of sand, silt, and clay.
Plants grow best when small amounts of nutrients are supplied regularly by fertigation.
Plants grow best when the lights are turned on and off by a time clock.
Plants grow best with adequate fertilizer.
Plants grow best with proper light and moisture, adequate temperatures and a little plant food.
Plants grow best with the right balance and concentration of nutrients.
Plants grow best within an optimum range of temperatures.
Plants grow better without additives in water.
Plants grow better, and fungus and fungus gnat growth is retarded.
Plants grow between rocks and when in flower, make a stunning display.
Plants grow but to decay.
Plants grow by drawing energy from the sun and nutrients from soils and decaying matter.
Plants grow by producing more cells, and cells grow by taking in water.
Plants grow by the inch and die by the foot.
Plants grow by using sunlight, water, and nutrients in the soil to make new leaves and stems.
Plants grow climates.
Plants grow crowded together, forming large mats covering good sized areas.
Plants grow deeper roots with deeper watering.
Plants grow densely and develop white or yellowish blossoms with deep violet or reddish veins.
Plants grow different places.
Plants grow down towards gravity.
Plants grow dry climates.
Plants grow during cool weather from autumn to spring.
Plants grow during dry periods.
Plants grow during periods.
Plants grow during seasons.
Plants grow during short summer seasons.
Plants grow during springs.
Plants grow during summer seasons.
Plants grow during summer.
Plants grow during wet seasons.
Plants grow environments.
Plants grow equally well in full sun or in a semi-shaded area.
Plants grow erect and cures a dark brown color.
Plants grow everywhere.
Plants grow extremely fast.
Plants grow fairly slowly, and large specimens are more than a century old.
Plants grow faster and harvest sooner.
Plants grow faster and produce larger harvests.
Plants grow faster and there are more things to check.
Plants grow faster and yields are bigger with hydroponics systems.
Plants grow faster hydroponically because they are able to assimilate nutrients faster.
Plants grow faster there.
Plants grow five-feet tall and have glossy green leaves.
Plants grow flowers.
Plants grow for flowers.
Plants grow for seasons.
Plants grow for several years.
Plants grow for years.
Plants grow from a central crown.
Plants grow from A seed and root's.
Plants grow from fibrous roots.
Plants grow from long taproots.
Plants grow from nodes along the creeping underground rhizome from which fibrous roots extend.
Plants grow from nutrients in both the water and sediment.
Plants grow from plants.
Plants grow from points, known as apical meristems.
Plants grow from roots.
Plants grow from seed or roots embedded in the earth.
Plants grow from seeds through a life cycle.
Plants grow from seeds to full grown trees, grass, and flowers.
Plants grow from seeds.
Plants grow from slender rootstocks and form tufts or bunches.
Plants grow from small tubers, in some species producing a rosette of leaves.
Plants grow from taproots.
Plants grow from the conversion of light and shit.
Plants grow from tiny seeds.
Plants grow from wild seeds.
Plants grow from woody plants.
Plants grow habitats.
Plants grow happily in it, as long as they can adjust to the relatively acid conditions.
Plants grow healthier.
Plants grow higher if they are given more water .
Plants grow higher if they are given more water.
Plants grow horizontally, compared to the erect habit of most blackberries.
Plants grow in a characteristic general form determined by genetics or the environment.
Plants grow in a variety of soils, but can be frost tender, especially when young.
Plants grow in almost every part of the world.
Plants grow in alpine regions.
Plants grow in an inert medium with water, air and fertilizers.
Plants grow in anaerobic habitats.
Plants grow in arctic regions.
Plants grow in areas.
Plants grow in arid habitats.
Plants grow in arid regions.
Plants grow in bright light.
Plants grow in canals, springs, streams, ponds, lakes and reservoirs.
Plants grow in certain areas.
Plants grow in climates.
Plants grow in clumps to conserve warmth.
Plants grow in cocos.
Plants grow in communities associated with particular soil and climatic conditions.
Plants grow in compact cushions for protection against the severe climatic conditions.
Plants grow in competitive environments.
Plants grow in cracks within limestone slabs or rocks.
Plants grow in dense patches.
Plants grow in different habitats.
Plants grow in different layers.
Plants grow in different temperature.
Plants grow in dirt.
Plants grow in dry climates.
Plants grow in early springs.
Plants grow in environments that favor their presence.
Plants grow in environments.
Plants grow in exotic locations.
Plants grow in favorable environments.
Plants grow in fields.
Plants grow in follow areas.
Plants grow in full sunlight.
Plants grow in habitats.
Plants grow in half to one-third the time required for plants grown by conventional methods.
Plants grow in harsh environments.
Plants grow in height.
Plants grow in landscapes.
Plants grow in large clumps with dagger-like leaves.
Plants grow in layers.
Plants grow in length from the tips.
Plants grow in light.
Plants grow in locations.
Plants grow in many different habitats.
Plants grow in marine environments.
Plants grow in mixture.
Plants grow in moist areas.
Plants grow in moist climates.
Plants grow in moist environments.
Plants grow in moist places.
Plants grow in more exotic locations.
Plants grow in native habitats.
Plants grow in natural environments.
Plants grow in natural wetland sites.
Plants grow in nice little streams.
Plants grow in nutrient rich soil and absorb the nutrients.
Plants grow in other areas.
Plants grow in particular habitats.
Plants grow in patches.
Plants grow in places.
Plants grow in plant pots.
Plants grow in ponds.
Plants grow in pots.
Plants grow in protect areas.
Plants grow in rainforests.
Plants grow in regions.
Plants grow in response to their nutrient intake.
Plants grow in same areas.
Plants grow in same general habitats.
Plants grow in sandy loams or humus, often subject to seasonal desiccation.
Plants grow in shady areas.
Plants grow in shady places.
Plants grow in sites.
Plants grow in situations.
Plants grow in size.
Plants grow in small areas.
Plants grow in soil.
Plants grow in springs.
Plants grow in streams.
Plants grow in subject areas.
Plants grow in subtropical climates.
Plants grow in subtropical regions.
Plants grow in sunlight.
Plants grow in temperate regions.
Plants grow in temperature.
Plants grow in terrestrial environments.
Plants grow in the direction of the deepest darkness.
Plants grow in the direction of the light .
Plants grow in the oceans, too.
Plants grow in tropical environments.
Plants grow in tropical rainforests.
Plants grow in two ways, cell division and cell expansion.
Plants grow in vicinities.
Plants grow in warm climates.
Plants grow in wet habitats.
Plants grow in windy areas.
Plants grow in wrong places.
Plants grow in yards.
Plants grow larger, and more quickly, and are better able to withstand adverse conditions.
Plants grow larger.
Plants grow leaves.
Plants grow leggy and thin unless they're cut back several times a year.
Plants grow like wildfire.
Plants grow longer limbs to reach more sunlight.
Plants grow many different places.
Plants grow many other places.
Plants grow many places.
Plants grow materials.
Plants grow moist climates.
Plants grow more easily along dykes and animals congregate to feed and take shelter here.
Plants grow most vigorously in spring and fall, when rain and cool temperatures are more likely.
Plants grow much faster and much more dense when grown with hydroponics.
Plants grow near plants.
Plants grow old as surely as do animals.
Plants grow on areas.
Plants grow on earth.
Plants grow on farms.
Plants grow on floors.
Plants grow on forest floors.
Plants grow on humus on the forest floor in shaded conditions from ca.
Plants grow on landscapes.
Plants grow on ocean floors.
Plants grow on sandy sea floors.
Plants grow on sea floors.
Plants grow on sites.
Plants grow on soil surfaces.
Plants grow on surfaces.
Plants grow on the earth.
Plants grow on the plain that was once the bottom of the sea, and develop into a forest.
Plants grow on water surfaces.
Plants grow one to two and a half feet tall.
Plants grow other places.
Plants grow over periods.
Plants grow over summer.
Plants grow over time.
Plants grow over week periods.
Plants grow places.
Plants grow poorly in subsoil.
Plants grow principally at old Native American village sites in California.
Plants grow quickly especially at the beginning of the short growing season.
Plants grow quickly in moist well-drained soils throughout temperate and tropical Australia.
Plants grow quickly in well-drained soils in full sun or dappled shade.
Plants grow quickly to cover their gelidephile neighbors while the air is warm.
Plants grow rapidly and flower continuously until frost.
Plants grow rapidly and require little maintenance.
Plants grow rapidly from late seeding.
Plants grow roots to reach the water that sustains their life.
Plants grow roots with the aim of absorbing water and minerals from the earth.
Plants grow roots.
Plants grow size.
Plants grow slowly, and maturity is delayed.
Plants grow slowly.
Plants grow small white flowers.
Plants grow so quickly in the moist climate that some trails have to be cleared each year.
Plants grow so rapidly that there is little reason to start seed indoors.
Plants grow stems.
Plants grow surfaces.
Plants grow tall and leggy when there is insufficient light.
Plants grow taller at warmer temperatures.
Plants grow taller than most other varieties of Sedum, bearing large clusters of soft pink flowers.
Plants grow through cellular reproduction.
Plants grow through life stages and reproduce to survive.
Plants grow through precisely spaced and sized holes in top and each of the four sides.
Plants grow to a height of seven feet.
Plants grow to a height of ten to twelve inches.
Plants grow to a height of twelve inches and ten inches wide.
Plants grow to four feet tall with feathery, smoky purple foliage.
Plants grow to full height.
Plants grow to height.
Plants grow to just over one metre, and the leaves stay stiff and erect.
Plants grow to large size.
Plants grow to maturity.
Plants grow to size.
Plants grow to tree height.
Plants grow tops.
Plants grow toward light.
Plants grow toward the light.
Plants grow towards light sources.
Plants grow two to three feet tall.
Plants grow under competitive conditions.
Plants grow under conditions.
Plants grow under dry conditions.
Plants grow under ordinary conditions.
Plants grow under stressful conditions.
Plants grow under such conditions.
Plants grow up through the keyboard and the cracked mud surface of the desktop.
Plants grow up to three feet tall and spread to about three feet.
Plants grow upright in clumps of dense tufts with numerous long, narrow strap-like leaves.
Plants grow vigorously and are hardy and free from disease.
Plants grow vigorously and create dense colonies that exclude other vegetation.
Plants grow vigorously in water or wet soil.
Plants grow vigorously.
Plants grow well in containers and can be blended into the landscape.
Plants grow well in full sun or dappled shade.
Plants grow well in it.
Plants grow well in light to heavy well-drained soils in areas of dappled shade or part sun.
Plants grow well in most soils in full sun or partial shade.
Plants grow well in nutrient poor sharply-drained gravelly soils.
Plants grow well in sunny or partially sunny positions in well draining soils.
Plants grow well in sunny or partially sunny positions in well-draining soils.
Plants grow well in water saturated soils.
Plants grow well only within a limited temperature range.
Plants grow well under four- tube fluorescent fixtures and can be summered outside in shade.
Plants grow well under four-tube fluorescent fixtures and can be summered outside in shade.
Plants grow well under standard fluorescent fixtures and can be summered outside in shade.
Plants grow well with the basic nutrients.
Plants grow when temperatures are favorable.
Plants grow when their needs are met.
Plants grow white flowers.
Plants grow with the aid of light.
Plants grow with their roots going towards the water table.
Plants grow, animals grow, children grow, cities grow, knowledge grows, etc.
Plants grow, bloom and die back, sunlight moves across the area, seasons come and go.
Plants grow, bloom, produce new seeds, and die, often in a short span of time.
Plants grow, change and reproduce.
Plants grow, flower and die.
Plants grow, flower, bear fruit and even die just as they do in real life.
Plants growing along the edge, especially trees, can impede water flow.
Plants growing from spores are called fungi.
Plants growing in an alpine environment have to survive some of the most severe conditions.
Plants growing in containers dry out faster than in the ground.
Plants growing in containers or in windowboxes are particularly vulnerable to ant activity.
Plants growing in cool moist climates are more susceptible.
Plants growing in dry soils tend to be stunted, but are relatively persistent.
Plants growing in excessive shade make weak growth and have an open habit.
Plants growing in fields are under constant attack by many soil organisms.
Plants growing in full sun always produce more flowers.
Plants growing in full sun are more susceptible.
Plants growing in hot, dry locations are most susceptible to mite attack.
Plants growing in hot, dry locations are most susceptible.
Plants growing in partial shade seem less affected.
Plants growing in shade are more open.
Plants growing in shady areas where the humidity is often very high are most susceptible.
Plants growing in such areas frequently show the most injury.
Plants growing in sunny areas are most subject to injury.
Plants growing in the shade have dark green leaves.
Plants growing in very dense shade are low in food reserves, resulting in weak plants.
Plants growing in water are called as hydrophytes.
Plants growing on north-facing slopes encounter cooler temperatures and deeper shade.
Plants growing on open rock are usually much smaller than plants growing in rich soil.
Plants growing on streamsides and riverbanks are the most heavily impacted species.
Plants growing on their own roots are also often long-lived in comparison to budded plants.
Plants growing through the bones can help determine how long a body has been in one place.
Plants growing under adequate soil moisture are more sensitive than drought-stressed plants.
Plants growing under stressful conditions, however, remain weak and are unable to produce new roots.
Plants growing with red light grow in the middle value.
Plants grown at higher elevations take longer for the bean to develop so it is hardier and denser.
Plants grown directly from seed are always or nearly always single-headed.
Plants grown during the summer have difficulty in producing good color.
Plants grown for crowns require two years to mature as fruit.
Plants grown for food require large amounts of potassium.
Plants grown from cuttings develop quickly and can produce flowers the following year.
Plants grown from grafted tubers usually bloom the third year after planting.
Plants grown from leaf cutting sometimes have more than one growing points.
Plants grown from rhizomes die starting at the leaf tips and progressing ever downward.
Plants grown from seed can take on the following forms, depending on the seed genetics.
Plants grown from the seeds usually turn out a bland green color.
Plants grown from tissue culture usually pass trough callus phase and show many variations.
Plants grown here are maize, tomato, chilli, cauliflower, beans and other vegetables.
Plants grown here produce an overabundance of small, bad-tasting berries.
Plants grown in a forest are community grown.
Plants grown in a sunny window often get tall and spindly because of inadequate light.
Plants grown in a window often become tall and spindly because of inadequate light.
Plants grown in cages provide good foliage protection.
Plants grown in chambers often deplete available carbon dioxide, which can limit their growth.
Plants grown in compost-rich soils are stronger and more resistant to disease and insects.
Plants grown in containers without holes are likely to become waterlogged.
Plants grown in contaminated soil take up the hazardous substances through their roots.
Plants grown in deep shade can develop leaves even longer than that.
Plants grown in depleted soils have a reduced nutrient content.
Plants grown in full sun produce red to maroon fall leaf color.
Plants grown in full sun produce the best flowers.
Plants grown in gallon pots can get very large in the green house.
Plants grown in Georgia or locally grown plants are preferred.
Plants grown in low light grow very slowly.
Plants grown in partial shade can get too tall reaching for the light, and are likely to fall over.
Plants grown in peat pots suffer little setback when transplanted into the garden.
Plants grown in peat pots suffer no setback when they are transplanted to the garden.
Plants grown in pots dry out quickly.
Plants grown in soil samples can tell.
Plants grown in spaceflight conditions are more susceptible to colonization by plant pathogens.
Plants grown in sunny locations with good air circulation are less likely to have serious problems.
Plants grown in the absence of nitrates are generally rich in anthocyan.
Plants grown in the aquarium are alot diffrent to the emersed plant.
Plants grown in the shade have less cutin than plants grown in the sun.
Plants grown in the sun have thicker, smaller, more numerous leaves.
Plants grown in urban conditions generally have shorter lives.
Plants grown in vitro are very sensitive to any change.
Plants grown in wire cages provide good foliage protection.
Plants grown include gypsophila, eustoma, strawberry, and lavender flowers.
Plants grown on acid soils contain greater quantities of the active constituent azulene.
Plants grown on acidic soils are less likely to take up toxic amounts of selenium.
Plants grown on serpentine soil seem to be especially rich in chlorophyll.
Plants grown on site, spercializes in hardy aquatics and natives.
Plants grown on their own roots also tend to be longer-lived.
Plants grown on-site are available for purchase in the gift shop.
Plants grown outside of their optimum are more susceptible to disease.
Plants grown under artificial light usually show evidence of shock when they are moved to sunlight.
Plants grown under cover are most susceptible.
Plants Grown Up is the result.
Plants hang before windows without hooks or wire.
Plants hang from baskets above off-white tablecloths and avocado walls.
Plants hang from the ceiling.
Plants harbour several different CDKs that are all related to their yeast and animal counterpart.
Plants harden off progressively in the fall.
Plants harmonize with all being and their song is the song of the universe.
Plants harness energy from the sun and provide food and shelter for animals.
Plants harness light energy to drive food production.
Plants have (part) cell membranes.
Plants have (part) cells.
Plants have (part) corpi.
Plants have (part) cytoplasm.
Plants have (part) nuclei.
Plants have (part) plant parts.
Plants have (part) plasma membranes.
Plants have (part) sections.
Plants have (part) vacuoles.
Plants have a basal branching growth habit.
Plants have a bushy, upright habit with sturdy stems of fragrant olive-green foliage.
Plants have a cell wall made of cellulose.
Plants have a cellular wall that is made-up of cellulose, which also gives plants their structure.
Plants have a compact, mounded growth habit.
Plants have a covering called a cuticle, which helps prevent water loss.
Plants have a different kind of life than animals.
Plants have a different way of getting their own space.
Plants have a greater resistance to nematodes, fungal disease and pests.
Plants have a hard time eating rocks, but they really like to wiggle their roots through the dirt.
Plants have a horseradish taste and odor.
Plants have a huge array of ways to reproduce besides just flowers.
Plants have a juvenile stage before they mature and fruit.
Plants have a life cycle unlike that of any animal, fungus, or bacteria.
Plants have a limited ability to sense.
Plants have a long blooming period of six weeks.
Plants have a long history of being used for their medical properties.
Plants have a low efficiency for recovery of soil nutrients from an acid soil.
Plants have a much more complex chemistry than antibiotics.
Plants have a narrow range of pH tolerance.
Plants have a nearly opposite respiration with that of humans.
Plants have a number of mechanisms for asexual or vegetative reproduction .
Plants have a rigid cell wall made of cellulose , and fungi one of chitin .
Plants have a rigid cell wall made of cellulose, and fungi one of chitin.
Plants have a short, fibrous root system.
Plants have a similar kind of built-in protection.
Plants have a slower metabolic rate and can get by with capillary action.
Plants have a spreading habit of growth and are useful annual groundcovers.
Plants have a structure as well, and it's also affected by gravity.
Plants have a symbiotic relationship with certain bacteria.
Plants have a tap root, plus prominent lateral roots below the soil surface.
Plants have a thick waxy coating to prevent themselves from heat and to store a lot of water.
Plants have a tremendous ability to store calcium oxalate.
Plants have a unique use for water.
Plants have a variety of benefits in and around the pond.
Plants have a variety of methods for spreading their seeds.
Plants have a very clever way of using the energy from sunlight to make their food.
Plants have a waxy coating called a cuticle which prevents excessive water loss on land.
Plants have a way of unconsciously and continuously making the planet better for themselves.
Plants have abnormal development.
Plants have about a dozen basic cell types that are required for everyday functioning and survival.
Plants have acids, too, but they also have a chemical known as a bicarbonate that buffers the acids.
Plants have adaptations to habitats.
Plants have aesthetic, temporal and spiritual qualities.
Plants have ages.
Plants have all kinds of chemical defense systems that go in to action when the plant is damaged.
Plants have all the organelles animal cells have.
Plants have alternation.
Plants have amino acid lysine.
Plants have an additional cell wall, made up of cellulose, which is freely permeable.
Plants have an alternation of generations.
Plants have an enormous impact on our lives.
Plants have an erect form.
Plants have an even tougher time.
Plants have an immune system.
Plants have an important effect on the microclimate of an ecosystem.
Plants have an upright habit of growth.
Plants have anatomies.
Plants have annual resting periods when they are guided by ancient inner cues.
Plants have appearances.
Plants have aroma.
Plants have aromatic leaves.
Plants have arrangements.
Plants have at least five sHSP gene families which comprise a large multigene family.
Plants have attractive flowers.
Plants have babies, too.
Plants have barriers.
Plants have basal leaves.
Plants have basic structures.
Plants have beautiful flowers.
Plants have benefits.
Plants have biology.
Plants have black seeds.
Plants have blossoms.
Plants have both male pollen and female parts of the flower.
Plants have both organs and organ systems.
Plants have bottoms.
Plants have branch taproots.
Plants have branches.
Plants have bright flowers.
Plants have bright red bracts during flowering. full sun.
Plants have bright yellow flowers.
Plants have broad leaves and are evergreen.
Plants have broad leaves.
Plants have buds.
Plants have bushy appearances.
Plants have capability.
Plants have capacity.
Plants have carbon.
Plants have carry capacity.
Plants have cases.
Plants have cell membranes just underneath their cell walls.
Plants have cell wall development.
Plants have cell walls made of cellulose and chlorophylls a and b are present.
Plants have cell walls made of cellulose.
Plants have cell walls that protect the nutritious insides.
Plants have cells that contain chloroplasts.
Plants have cellulose.
Plants have certain characteristics.
Plants have certain features.
Plants have characteristic deficiency symptoms.
Plants have characteristic long and narrow auricles clasping the stem and papery ligules.
Plants have characteristics.
Plants have chemical properties.
Plants have chemical structures.
Plants have chlorophyll and an alternation of generations .
Plants have chlorophyll.
Plants have chloroplasts which are the organelles where photosynthesis takes place.
Plants have chloroplasts with chlorophyll a and b.
Plants have chloroplasts.
Plants have chloroplasts.
Plants have clorophyll.
Plants have coating.
Plants have complex structures with specialized functions.
Plants have compositions.
Plants have compound leaves.
Plants have compounds.
Plants have contractile roots.
Plants have cotyledons.
Plants have crinkle leaves.
Plants have cycles.
Plants have cylindrical flowers.
Plants have dark green foliage and seem to tolerate low light levels well.
Plants have dark green leaves.
Plants have dark shiny-green leaves and white fragrant flowers.
Plants have deep green foliage.
Plants have deep roots.
Plants have deep tap roots.
Plants have defence.
Plants have defense systems just like animals.
Plants have defense.
Plants have deficiencies.
Plants have delicate leaves.
Plants have dense foliage.
Plants have development.
Plants have different light requirements.
Plants have different needs.
Plants have different origins.
Plants have different parts.
Plants have different reproductive manners.
Plants have different shipping rates.
Plants have different watering requirements at various stages of their growth.
Plants have difficulty absorbing copper, zinc, boron, manganese and iron in basic soils.
Plants have dioxide.
Plants have dirt.
Plants have distinct stages in their life cycle.
Plants have distinct stems.
Plants have drainage.
Plants have dramatic impact.
Plants have drip tips.
Plants have effects.
Plants have either no or very basic ability to sense.
Plants have embryonic leaves.
Plants have embryonic seed leaves.
Plants have embryonic seeds.
Plants have energy.
Plants have environmental factors.
Plants have erect stalks.
Plants have essential lysine.
Plants have extensive root systems that find every crevice in the soil.
Plants have extensive root systems to collect water.
Plants have factors.
Plants have fairly open and upright type of growth.
Plants have fate.
Plants have features.
Plants have female flowers.
Plants have female gametophytes.
Plants have fertilizer.
Plants have few green leaves.
Plants have fibrous roots.
Plants have fine-textured foliage.
Plants have five classes of hormones.
Plants have fleshy leaves.
Plants have fleshy structures.
Plants have fleshy taproots.
Plants have float leaves.
Plants have flower stalks.
Plants have flower stems.
Plants have flowers.
Plants have fluid.
Plants have foliage.
Plants have food.
Plants have fragrant flowers.
Plants have fragrant scent.
Plants have fragrant white flowers.
Plants have fruit.
Plants have fruits to protect the seeds inside.
Plants have functions.
Plants have gametes, which contain half the normal number of chromosome s for that plant species .
Plants have gametophyte phases.
Plants have gametophytes.
Plants have glossy green leaves.
Plants have glossy leaves.
Plants have good growth, are blooming and forming beans.
Plants have good hardiness to low temperatures in Mississippi.
Plants have good viability and are easily classified in segregating populations.
Plants have grain.
Plants have great aesthetic value.
Plants have green colored structures that produce food by photosynthesis.
Plants have green foliage.
Plants have green leaves.
Plants have green pigment.
Plants have green stems.
Plants have grey leaves.
Plants have growth characteristics.
Plants have growth.
Plants have health benefits.
Plants have healthy foliage and are disease resistant.
Plants have healthy leaves, excellent stalks and produce dent grain.
Plants have healthy life.
Plants have height.
Plants have herbaceous stems.
Plants have hereditary factors.
Plants have high mortality.
Plants have homes and communities just like animals and people.
Plants have hormonal activity in humans.
Plants have hormones.
Plants have impact.
Plants have inch flower stalks.
Plants have indeterminate growth because of their tough resistant cell walls.
Plants have indeterminate inflorescences, which are sometimes reduced to a single flower.
Plants have individual and collective aesthetic value.
Plants have individual leaves.
Plants have insect pests.
Plants have insects.
Plants have insights into the world that animals are incapable of knowing.
Plants have intact roots.
Plants have internal arrangements.
Plants have internal structures.
Plants have invasive potential.
Plants have it made in the shade.
Plants have juicy fruit.
Plants have large black seeds.
Plants have large green leaves.
Plants have large leaves.
Plants have large networks of roots that lie near the surface and can capture rain when it falls.
Plants have large oval leaves.
Plants have large root systems that are close to the surface, so they can quickly absorb any rain.
Plants have large taproots.
Plants have large, showy leaves with spotting and variegation.
Plants have layers.
Plants have leaf anatomies.
Plants have leaf stalks.
Plants have leaf surfaces.
Plants have leafs.
Plants have leathery foliage.
Plants have leaves so they can get nourishment.
Plants have leaves.
Plants have leaves.
Plants have less ability to absorb nutrients.
Plants have life and are in full possession of their senses.
Plants have life cycles.
Plants have life, feel pain.
Plants have life.
Plants have lifespans.
Plants have limits.
Plants have little effects.
Plants have little impact.
Plants have long lifespans.
Plants have long memories, and thrive best in soil similar to that of their origins.
Plants have long tap roots.
Plants have long taproots.
Plants have low vigour.
Plants have lysine.
Plants have magical effects on children and add a critical dimension to any play environment.
Plants have major impact.
Plants have male and female parts.
Plants have many adaptations for conserving water or storing it.
Plants have many adaptations that increase the likelihood of outcrossing.
Plants have many adaptations to cope with the lack of water.
Plants have many adaptations.
Plants have many beneficial factors.
Plants have many benefits.
Plants have many different forms.
Plants have many different strategies for using water.
Plants have many external structural defenses that discourage herbivory.
Plants have many factors.
Plants have many fatty acid desaturase genes with similar sequences.
Plants have many health benefits.
Plants have many mechanisms of defense against insects.
Plants have many medical use.
Plants have many microstructures on their surface to defend from their enemies.
Plants have many needs including sunlight, water, soil and air.
Plants have many needs including water, soil, air and sunlight.
Plants have many other actions upon their environment.
Plants have many parts.
Plants have many prove benefits.
Plants have many roots that lie just underneath the surface of the soil to catch moisture.
Plants have many white flowers with four petals, giving the plant a white, flat-topped appearance.
Plants have means of travelling and changing that are denied to humans.
Plants have mechanisms.
Plants have medium vigor.
Plants have membranes.
Plants have meristems.
Plants have moderate resistance to blackspot and grow easily from cuttings.
Plants have more freedom of form than animals.
Plants have mortality.
Plants have much higher than animals.
Plants have multiple stems.
Plants have names , just like people do.
Plants have natural barriers.
Plants have natural defenses against pests.
Plants have naturally inherent abilities to ward off adverse conditions when living in healthy soil.
Plants have neither nerves nor muscles.
Plants have no antibodies.
Plants have no excretory organs.
Plants have no immune system to combat infection.
Plants have no regular method of evacuating their excretions as animals have.
Plants have no special organs for removal of wastes.
Plants have no use for oxygen, so they release it through their leaves.
Plants have numerous narrow dense heads of creamy white to rose colored tubular flowers.
Plants have nutrient deficiencies.
Plants have nutrients that help the soil.
Plants have only five types of organs.
Plants have only one class of hormones, called gibberellins.
Plants have openings called stomata on their leaves and water loss occurs through the stomata.
Plants have opportunity.
Plants have orange flowers.
Plants have origins.
Plants have other features.
Plants have other structural features.
Plants have outstanding vigor, disease resistant and winter tolerance.
Plants have oval leaves.
Plants have oval shape leaves.
Plants have pale flowers.
Plants have pale purple flowers.
Plants have parasites, such as aphids and fungi.
Plants have parts and have functions.
Plants have parts that perform specific functions.
Plants have perfect flowers.
Plants have pests.
Plants have petals.
Plants have phases.
Plants have photosynthetic pigment.
Plants have physical adaptations as well.
Plants have pigment.
Plants have places.
Plants have pollen grain.
Plants have pollen.
Plants have positive effects.
Plants have potential pests.
Plants have potential.
Plants have power to heal.
Plants have power.
Plants have presence.
Plants have pretty flowers.
Plants have prey insects.
Plants have productive years.
Plants have properties.
Plants have purple flowers.
Plants have purple stems.
Plants have purposes.
Plants have red-brown branches and small pink and white flowers.
Plants have reproductive biology.
Plants have results.
Plants have rhizomes.
Plants have roles.
Plants have root surfaces.
Plants have roots for two main reasons.
Plants have roots.
Plants have scent flowers.
Plants have scent foliage.
Plants have scent.
Plants have seasonal flowers.
Plants have seasonal growth fluctuations.
Plants have seeds, but in the fungus world, the equivalent of a seed is a spore.
Plants have seeds.
Plants have segments with rounded margins, ribbed ovaries, and purplish-brown anthers.
Plants have sensors that help plant employees monitor the temperature, pressure, and water level.
Plants have sentient spirits, no less than humans or animals.
Plants have separate transport systems for water and nutrients.
Plants have serious pests.
Plants have several basic needs for better survival.
Plants have several basic needs for survival.
Plants have several going up their stalks.
Plants have several highly regulated mechanisms for dissipating excess absorbed light energy.
Plants have sex, too.
Plants have shallow roots.
Plants have shape leaves.
Plants have shapes.
Plants have shiny green leaves.
Plants have shiny leaves.
Plants have shiny yellow flowers.
Plants have short, bushy foliage with serrated leaves of forest green.
Plants have showy flowers.
Plants have significant insect pests.
Plants have significant pests.
Plants have similar characteristics.
Plants have similarities and differences and can be grouped by their characteristics.
Plants have similarities and differences.
Plants have single cotyledons.
Plants have single flower stems.
Plants have single stalks.
Plants have single stems.
Plants have singular smells and textures and are signed in braille.
Plants have slender flowers.
Plants have slender leaves.
Plants have small seeds.
Plants have snapdragon flowers.
Plants have solitary flowers.
Plants have some resistance to red stele, but the fruit are susceptible to gray mold.
Plants have special adaptations for producing food.
Plants have special features.
Plants have special needs.
Plants have specific characteristics.
Plants have specific factors.
Plants have specific pH requirements for normal growth.
Plants have spongy roots.
Plants have spores.
Plants have sporophytes.
Plants have stages.
Plants have stalks.
Plants have stamens.
Plants have stems.
Plants have sterile flowers.
Plants have sticky surfaces.
Plants have stigma.
Plants have stolons.
Plants have stomata on both their leaves and their stems.
Plants have strong central stems.
Plants have strong stems.
Plants have structural features.
Plants have structures.
Plants have stunted leaves that are curved upwards, looks like leaf roll virus.
Plants have substances.
Plants have succulent leaves.
Plants have such factors.
Plants have sufficient water.
Plants have surfaces.
Plants have tall flowers.
Plants have tap roots.
Plants have taproots.
Plants have taste.
Plants have tendencies.
Plants have the ability to create glucose instead of absorbing it from other sources.
Plants have the ability to open and close stomata as conditions demand.
Plants have the ability to take up the amount of needed nutrients and to leave excess in the soil.
Plants have the capability to produce far more seeds than are necessary to replace themselves.
Plants have the potential for replacing petroleum as the material basis of our economy.
Plants have the remarkable ability to make their own food.
Plants have the same defense mechanisms as animals.
Plants have their own natural defense systems to ward off insects.
Plants have their plasticity.
Plants have thick cell walls to strengthen the plant stem.
Plants have thick fleshy leaves.
Plants have thick leaves.
Plants have thick stems, are very robust and resistant to wind damage and metribuzin.
Plants have thin leaves.
Plants have thorns, poisonous chemicals and warning colours to deter animals.
Plants have three and four way branching carying sixteen buds.
Plants have tiny gametophytes.
Plants have tiny holes in their leaves called stomata.
Plants have tiny holes underneath their leaves that release unused water.
Plants have tiny leaves.
Plants have tiny openings called the stomata on the underside of their leaves.
Plants have tiny openings on the underside of their leaves and stems.
Plants have tiny root hairs covering the end of each of the roots.
Plants have tips.
Plants have to adapt so they are able to live and survive in a particular place or habitat.
Plants have to be put under sprinklers and shade.
Plants have to change or adapt over time by a process of evolution to survive.
Plants have to grow their roots in cracks in the rock or in the very shallow soil.
Plants have to have nitrogen to grow.
Plants have to like the climate, the soil and the water to be successful.
Plants have to make trade-offs.
Plants have to shut down for cleaning and re-tooling.
Plants have to transport sucrose and amino acids between different tissues.
Plants have tops.
Plants have toxic effects.
Plants have toxic properties.
Plants have toxic substances.
Plants have toxins.
Plants have tremendous developmental plasticity .
Plants have tremendous developmental plasticity.
Plants have two distinct types of leaves.
Plants have two methods of reproduction, asexual reproduction and sexual reproduction.
Plants have underground rhizomes.
Plants have underground stems.
Plants have unhealthy appearances.
Plants have unique characteristics.
Plants have unique chemical properties.
Plants have unique growth characteristics.
Plants have unique properties.
Plants have unique shapes.
Plants have unique structures.
Plants have unique ways to defend themselves against pest and diseases.
Plants have unique ways to defend themselves against pests and diseases.
Plants have unisexual, male or female flowers.
Plants have upright leaves.
Plants have use.
Plants have useful features.
Plants have valuable properties.
Plants have variation.
Plants have various requirements and demand varying amounts of attention.
Plants have varying levels of some elements in different parts.
Plants have vascular structures.
Plants have vegetative phases.
Plants have vegetative stages.
Plants have veins and roots, like the farmer and gatherers.
Plants have very broad leaves, and heavy buds with lots of resin.
Plants have very few pest problems.
Plants have very fine texture, dark green color and low vertical growth.
Plants have vessels.
Plants have vigorous roots.
Plants have water.
Plants have waxy coating.
Plants have waxy leaves.
Plants have well-branched scapes and are vigorous growers.
Plants have white flowers.
Plants have widely different requirements when it comes to lighting and other specific needs.
Plants have width.
Plants have wrinkle seeds.
Plants have years.
Plants have yellow flowers.
Plants having small and light seeds and fruits disperse their seeds and fruits by wind.
Plants heat up due to sun's energy.
Plants help animals and people survive.
Plants help animals because they are animals source of nutrition.
Plants help birds.
Plants Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Plants help control air pollution.
Plants help control the amount of carbon dioxide, a greenhouse gas, in the atmosphere.
Plants help deficiencies.
Plants help form, enrich, and stabilize soil.
Plants help hold the soil in place.
Plants help make oxygen for the air.
Plants help make soil.
Plants help people in several important ways, including filtering carbon dioxide into oxygen.
Plants help reduce noise pollution.
Plants help reduce stress.
Plants help reduce vandalism.
Plants help retain soil and reduce erosion of the banks into the water.
Plants help to protect the soil surface from raindrop impact.
Plants help view cart .
Plants here are also scares.
Plants here are valuable food sources for ducks, geese and swans.
Plants hide beautiful statues of deer and bunnies, made of dark red clay.
Plants hoard iron, using a protein, ferritin, to store it in seeds and leaves.
Plants hold leaves.
Plants hold nutrients in tissue.
Plants hold sand and soil in place, but die off during periods of drought.
Plants hold sediment and soil nutrients, allowing clean water to run-off.
Plants hold the soil in place and prevent erosion around the rocks and wire mesh.
Plants hold up well under interior conditions with minimum maintenance.
Plants holds soil in place with their roots.
Plants improve air quality.
Plants improve cantaloupe flavor.
Plants improve flavor.
Plants improve the quality of air creating a healthy and happier environment.
Plants include apple trees.
Plants include beeches.
Plants include berries.
Plants include buttercups.
Plants include cacti.
Plants include common weeds.
Plants include conifers.
Plants include fern cacti.
Plants include hardwood trees.
Plants include roots.
Plants include spinach.
Plants include trees.
Plants include weeds.
Plants include willows.
Plants incorporate carbon as long as they live.
Plants increase by forming new shoots from the roots.
Plants increase humidity and use up available carbon dioxide rapidly.
Plants increase property values.
Plants increase water use efficiency through partial stomatal closure.
Plants incur a variety of costs associated with railing out a carcass.
Plants infected at the culm base can lodge.
Plants infected by aphids lose their vigor, and new growth is stunted and deformed.
Plants infected by yellow bean mosaic are more dwarfed and bunchy.
Plants infected earlier in their development suffer greater yield reductions.
Plants infected early are usually dwarfed.
Plants infected in seedling stage die.
Plants infected in the seedbed are the primary source of the disease in the field.
Plants infected in the seedling stage are the most severely damaged.
Plants infected with a virus usually remain infected for their entire life.
Plants infected with blackleg disease have a shiny, coal-black, slimy appearance.
Plants infected with blossom blight produce small or misshapen strawberries.
Plants infected with one virus often show decreased susceptibility for other viruses.
Plants infected with rhizome rot fail to grow in the spring.
Plants infected with Sclerotinia crown and stem rot continue to die.
Plants infected with spindle tuber viroid are upright, dwarfed and much thinner than normal vines.
Plants infected with the disease die prematurely and infected pods produce small discolored seed.
Plants infected with wilts start to show symptoms in the middle of the growing season.
Plants infested are elm, ash, apple, maple, willow, aspen, and cotoneaster.
Plants infested are maple, poplar, basswood, and elm.
Plants infested are willow, ash, elm, rose, fruit trees, and poplars.
Plants infested include cotoneaster, apple, lilac, spirea, snowball, high bush cranberry and others.
Plants infested with mites lose their green color and appear bronzed or washed out.
Plants infested with scale are covered with either hard or sticky brown bumps.
Plants inherit characteristics from their parents in the same way animals do.
Plants inherit characteristics from their parents in the same way that animals do.
Plants initially produce a basal rosette of leaves that resembles dandelion.
Plants interact with microbial polysaccharides.
Plants interact with people and animals too in midwinter festivities.
Plants interfere with neighbors by depleting limited resources available to another.
Plants invade dry, open lands with frequent disturbance such as fields and pastures.
Plants invade environments.
Plants invade farms.
Plants invigorate the water body by increasing oxygen concentrations in the water and sediments.
Plants involve others in their sexual escapades.
Plants is the answer.
Plants issue their own global warning.
Plants just do it in a quieter way - yet another argument for planting gardens.
Plants Keep a record of when various plants begin to flower.
Plants keep flowering from the same raceme over a long period of time.
Plants keep the soil on the land.
Plants keep the world from becoming a wasteland.
Plants know the difference.
Plants lack motility.
Plants lack such specialized cells, and plant cell walls prevent phagocytosis.
Plants lack that option.
Plants lack vigor and wilt during mid-day as the root are destroyed.
Plants lacking in iron also take on the yellow appearance.
Plants lacking in potassium usually remain small and lack vigor.
Plants lacking sufficient light exhibit several symptoms.
Plants lacking sufficient phosphorus usually have purplish leaves, petioles, and stems.
Plants lag behind, and larger animals' migration is slowed down by cities and roads.
Plants last for several years.
Plants last for years.
Plants learn to efficiently store water and moisture.
Plants lend themselves quite well to propagation and there is a plethora of books to explain.
Plants like to be rootbound before flowering.
Plants like to colonize in favorable conditions, creating a nice woodland groundcover.
Plants like to rest in the winter and require less water.
Plants line a window seat in the room.
Plants literally starve to death.
Plants live a long time.
Plants live and adapt to a wide variety of environments.
Plants live and dried, including plant cuttings.
Plants live environments.
Plants live in aquatic environments.
Plants live in areas.
Plants live in certain areas.
Plants live in different habitats.
Plants live in different habitats.
Plants live in dry habitats.
Plants live in environments.
Plants live in grassland.
Plants live in habitats.
Plants live in just about every place in the world.
Plants live in natural environments.
Plants live in particular habitats.
Plants live in soil, sand, snow, and rock.
Plants live in swampy areas.
Plants live in temperate grassland.
Plants live in temperature zones.
Plants live in terrestrial environments.
Plants live in wet areas.
Plants live in zones.
Plants live most of their lives anchored to a certain place.
Plants liven up the lobby area.
Plants living here grow rapidly.
Plants living in the taiga are adapted for a. long, cold winters.
Plants living in water have special porous passageways that supply the roots with air.
Plants located in parks are subject to the stress of high visitor numbers and occasional collection.
Plants located in such areas have price-setting ability.
Plants located in West Virginia are close enough to ship easily to their markets.
Plants look good alone or in a combination planter.
Plants look like skeletons of themselves.
Plants look like their parent plant.
Plants look like they are stretched out.
Plants look like they basically just sit there in the soil.
Plants look like weeds.
Plants look nice.
Plants look putrid under it, however.
Plants look sick and off color.
Plants look tropical when used near water features and as a backdrop for other plantings.
Plants loosely caespitose.
Plants lose a large volume of water through the leaves in the form of vapor.
Plants lose foliage.
Plants lose hardiness faster with warmer temperatures.
Plants lose leaves.
Plants lose lower leaves.
Plants lose moisture more rapidly and begin to wilt.
Plants lose their ability to distribute their own seeds.
Plants lose vigor and decline in abundance within three to four years.
Plants lose vigor and produce less chlorophyll.
Plants lose water by evapotranspiration.
Plants lose water continually by transpiration.
Plants lose water from their surfaces as vapor back into the atmosphere.
Plants lose water through stomates .
Plants lose water through stomates.
Plants lose water through the pores in their leaves.
Plants love full sun and a well-drained average soil.
Plants love heat.
Plants love it, and use it as fertilizer.
Plants love it.
Plants love light and move around to maximise their suntan.
Plants love light.
Plants love sunlight.
Plants love warm weather.
Plants love wastewater and thrive off it.
Plants mainly use the blue and red portions of the color spectrum.
Plants maintain a dense full plant habit without much renewal pruning required.
Plants maintain the physical and chemical integrity of ecosystems.
Plants make a compact, upright bush of eight to twelve inches in height.
Plants Make a food chain.
Plants make a thoughtful offering that continue to give in both beauty and produce.
Plants make adjustments in their normal growth patterns to find light in order to live.
Plants make and store excess food that can also be used to provide energy for consumers.
Plants make cellulose as a part of their cell walls and it is used for structural support.
Plants make considerable growth.
Plants make energy.
Plants make flowers for reproduction.
Plants make food from carbon and water.
Plants make food from the carbon and other things that come from animals' bodies.
Plants make food in chloroplasts, tiny green organs mostly in leaves.
Plants make food in their leaves .
Plants make food in their leaves.
Plants make food through photosynthesis.
Plants make food.
Plants make glucose by photosynthesis.
Plants make glucose predominantly in their leaf cells.
Plants make good root growth.
Plants make good use of porphyrin based materials in their energy capture.
Plants make great accent and are used in massing, as specimens and street trees.
Plants make growth.
Plants make hairs for many reasons, one of the primary ones being to deter herbivory.
Plants make it possible for animals to use the energy of sunlight.
Plants make many exotic chemicals, ward off predators and respond to harsh environmental conditions.
Plants make many naturally occurring pesticides.
Plants make nectar to attract pollinating animals .
Plants make nectar to attract pollinating animals.
Plants make nice environments for bacteria to live.
Plants make part of soil.
Plants make people feel better.
Plants make photosynthesis happen with carbon dioxide, water and sunlight.
Plants make poor growth.
Plants make poor growth.
Plants make rapid growth.
Plants make root growth.
Plants make seeds make plants.
Plants make slow growth.
Plants make sugar by photosynthesis, usually in their leaves.
Plants make sugar from water, carbon dioxide and sunlight.
Plants make sugar using sunlight.
Plants make sugars by photosynthesising sugars using carbon dioxide from the air.
Plants make the air cleaner and produce oxygen, which people and animals breathe.
Plants make the most of visiting ants.
Plants make the pollen in the saclike anthers of their flowers.
Plants make their food by the process of photosynthesis.
Plants make their food from carbon dioxide and water.
Plants make their food from energy from the sun.
Plants make their own carbohydrates during photosynthesis.
Plants make their own food .
Plants make their own food all summer.
Plants make their own food by .
Plants make their own food by a process called photosynthesis .
Plants make their own food by a process called photosynthesis.
Plants make their own food by using air, water and energy from the sun.
Plants make their own food by using the sunlight.
Plants make their own food for energy.
Plants make their own food from sunlight through a process called photosynthesis.
Plants make their own food in the presence of water, sunlight and soil.
Plants make their own food in their leaves.
Plants make their own food through a process called photosynthesis.
Plants make their own food through photosynthesis.
Plants make their own food through the process of photosynthesis.
Plants make their own food using sunlight and the process of photosynthesis.
Plants make their own food while animals have to rely on the plants or other animals for food.
Plants make their own food, glucose, in a process called photosynthesis.
Plants make their own food, using water, carbon dioxide and energy from the sun.
Plants make their own food, whereas animals obtain food by eating other organisms.
Plants make their own food.
Plants make their own glucose.
Plants make their own nutrients through a process known as photosynthesis.
Plants make two types of lignin, syringyl lignin and guaiacyl lignin.
Plants make up diets.
Plants make up most of the earth's living creatures.
Plants make up the base of the chain, by converting energy from the sun into food.
Plants make use of a diverse group of signaling compounds to regulate growth and development.
Plants make use of a little amount of heat to perform the photosynthetic process.
Plants make use of all visible light.
Plants make use of their environment.
Plants make vigorous growth.
Plants manage to break the bonds of water molecules into oxygen and hydrogen through photosynthesis.
Plants manufacture an amount of food that is greatly in excess of their own needs.
Plants manufacture and store carbohydrates as their chief source of energy.
Plants manufacture food from sunlight in a process known as photosynthesis.
Plants manufacture food in their leaves through the use of solar energy.
Plants mark the beginning of the oxygen cycle.
Plants mature much faster in live sphagnum than in other media.
Plants mature within two to three months from seeds.
Plants mature, flower and produce new seeds in a few weeks before drought sets in again.
Plants may have characteristics.
Plants may have female flowers.
Plants may have flowers.
Plants may have kernels.
Plants may have leaves.
Plants may have long taproots.
Plants may have male flowers.
Plants may have red leaves.
Plants may have roots.
Plants may have seeds.
Plants may have taproots.
Plants mediate omnivore-herbivore interactions and influence prey suppression.
Plants monitor changes in day length with the pigment a. anthocyanin.
Plants mostly absorb red and blue wavelengths.
Plants mostly take up nitrogen as nitrate.
Plants move from outdoors to indoors, wet to dry, dry to wet, hot to cold and so on.
Plants move ions out of their roots in an effort to move nutrients in from the soil.
Plants move towards light.
Plants multiply rapidly to fill the landscape.
Plants multiply rapidly, and produce fewer flowers as they become overcrowded.
Plants naturally do that.
Plants naturally form many root suckers.
Plants naturally sway as they grow.
Plants need adequate nutrients.
Plants need air.
Plants need attention.
Plants need bright light.
Plants need carbon dioxide.
Plants need care.
Plants need conditions.
Plants need dioxide.
Plants need energy.
Plants need enough water.
Plants need extra attention.
Plants need food.
Plants need full sunlight.
Plants need heat.
Plants need high heat.
Plants need hydrogen.
Plants need irrigation.
Plants need large pots.
Plants need light.
Plants need little attention.
Plants need little extra attention.
Plants need magnesium.
Plants need moisture.
Plants need nitrogen.
Plants need nutrients.
Plants need orange light.
Plants need oxygen.
Plants need phosphorus.
Plants need photosynthesis.
Plants need pots.
Plants need rain.
Plants need red light.
Plants need soil moisture.
Plants need special attention.
Plants need special care.
Plants need specific conditions.
Plants need such conditions.
Plants need sunlight.
Plants need sunshine.
Plants need supplemental water.
Plants need water.
Plants never grow without direct sunlight.
Plants never recover.
Plants never spinose, leaves thin.
Plants normally absorb water through their roots.
Plants normally bloom from midsummer until frost.
Plants normally evolve such toxins as a defense.
Plants normally give off carbon dioxide after they die and decompose.
Plants normally recover when favorable growing conditions allow root expansion.
Plants normally start to flower about two years of age.
Plants normally used for grazing are dead or withered.
Plants now go extinct at a rate of two to three species per day.
Plants now have a usable form of nitrogen again.
Plants obtain carbon, hydrogen and oxygen from the air or through the soil.
Plants obtain carbon, hydrogen, and oxygen from air and water.
Plants obtain elements from the surrounding atmosphere, water, or soil water.
Plants obtain energy by absorbing light energy.
Plants obtain energy from glucose made during photosynthesis.
Plants obtain food in two different ways.
Plants obtain food.
Plants obtain important nutrients.
Plants obtain inorganic elements from the soil, which serves as a natural medium for land plants.
Plants obtain it from the soil.
Plants obtain most of their carbon from the atmosphere.
Plants obtain necessary nutrients.
Plants obtain nitrogen, phosphorus, potash, sulfur, calcium, iron, magnesium and more from the soil.
Plants obtain nutrients from the soil and soil solution through the plant roots.
Plants obtain nutrients.
Plants obtain nutrition.
Plants obtain the primary and secondary nutrients and some micronutrients solely from the soil.
Plants obtain their carbon from atmospheric carbon dioxide.
Plants obtain their energy directly from the sun.
Plants obtain their energy from the sun.
Plants obtain water.
Plants obviously require light to grow.
Plants occasionally produce slender flowery spikes that resemble rat's tails.
Plants occupy environments.
Plants occupy habitats.
Plants occupy harsh environments.
Plants occupy mediate environments.
Plants occupy the first feeding or trophic level as they make food directly from the sun's energy.
Plants occupy zones.
Plants occupying marshes are instrumental in accreting sediment by trapping during tidal cycles.
Plants occur in areas.
Plants occur in geographical regions.
Plants occur in regions.
Plants occur in specific geographical regions.
Plants occur in specific regions.
Plants occur naturally in riverine and seasonally flooded forests.
Plants occur on all aspects but grow best on south-facing exposures.
Plants occur over wide elevational ranges.
Plants occur singly although clusters are more common.
Plants offer a safe, cost effective and unlimited supply of human blood proteins.
Plants offer benefits.
Plants offer diversity.
Plants offer many benefits.
Plants offer many more benefits.
Plants offered for sale vary from season to season and year to year.
Plants only move when there is something to be gained by doing so.
Plants only produce carbohydrates during the day and during the growing season.
Plants only reach their full height and width when kept vigorous.
Plants only reduce nitrate in the light for a reason.
Plants only take up, or absorb, chemical salts dissolved in water, mostly through their roots.
Plants operate specific systems for embryogenesis which are affected by various exogenous molecules.
Plants orchard, conducts agricultural experiments, and raises short horn cattle, and sheep.
Plants ordered by mail often arrive with no soil around their roots.
Plants outgrow containers.
Plants outgrow pots.
Plants overfertilized with nitrogen tend to produce a flush of green growth and fewer flowers.
Plants pass the winter in various ways.
Plants perform a vital role in replenishing the oxygen level in the atmosphere.
Plants perform best in areas with cool summers.
Plants perform best in full sun and are heat tolerant.
Plants perform best in gritty, well-drained soils.
Plants perform best in rich, moist soil, well-supplied with organic material.
Plants perform best in well-drained soils and full sun.
Plants perform better when planted after the tops have stopped active growth or died back.
Plants perish in the salt dose as listed above.
Plants photosynthesize it.
Plants photosynthesize light energy into chemical energy in the form of carbohydrates.
Plants photosynthesize only during the day and respire only at night.
Plants pick that nitrogen up.
Plants placed in full sun tend to become scorched.
Plants placed in sun have better red color.
Plants placed too close to the home can trap moisture, creating mildew problems.
Plants plant themselves.
Plants play a critical role in the complex food web.
Plants play a crucial role in supporting life on the planet.
Plants play a major role in supporting different forms of life on Earth.
Plants play a role in the long-term water balance.
Plants play a very important role in the natural environment and human life.
Plants play a vital role in the survival of the human race.
Plants play an essential role in a gold mobilization.
Plants play an essential role in maintaining good water quality and a healthy, balanced habitat.
Plants play an important role in achieving high quality effluent.
Plants play an important role in development of crops that resist disease, insects and drought.
Plants play an important role in development of crops that resist disease, insects, and drought.
Plants play an important role in disease prevention.
Plants play an important role in the development of crops that resist disease, insects, and drought.
Plants play an important role in the water cycle.
Plants play an significant role in development of crops that resist disease, insects and drought.
Plants play ecological roles.
Plants play essential roles.
Plants play important ecological roles.
Plants play important roles.
Plants play many other essential roles.
Plants play roles.
Plants play vital roles.
Plants pollinate at different times of the year and it varies from season to season.
Plants pollinated by bats often have white or pale nocturnal flowers that are large and bell shaped.
Plants pollinated by hermits tend to produce only one flower daily.
Plants pose a problem to both kittens and adult cats, since felines tend to be lifetime nibblers.
Plants possess a sprawling habit.
Plants possess characteristics.
Plants possess desirable characteristics.
Plants possess features.
Plants possess leaves.
Plants possess multifunctional and rapidly evolving specialized metabolic enzymes.
Plants possess properties.
Plants possess rhizomes.
Plants possess underground rhizomes.
Plants possess valuable properties.
Plants possess vegetative souls , allowing for nutrition and reproduction.
Plants potentially offer attractive and sustainable sources of raw material for such industries.
Plants pour out seeds.
Plants practice photosynthetic solutions to the problems of power acquisition.
Plants prefer a bright, sunny location.
Plants prefer a good soaking when they are watered, as opposed to frequent, light watering.
Plants prefer a mostly sunny spot with fairly rich and somewhat moist well drained soil.
Plants prefer a rich, moist site, spreading to form a large patch.
Plants prefer a rich, well draining soils to fuel their fast, season long growth.
Plants prefer a somewhat fertile well drained soil.
Plants prefer a well-drained site in full sun and are frost tolerant.
Plants prefer an open, humus-rich neutral to alkaline soil mix, warm conditions and strong light.
Plants prefer at least one half sun.
Plants prefer bright light, cool temperatures, moderate watering, high humidity and acidic soils.
Plants prefer bright light.
Plants prefer bright, indirect light and a moist, well-drained soil.
Plants prefer certain conditions.
Plants prefer certain growth conditions.
Plants prefer conditions.
Plants prefer deep, less frequent watering over light, more frequent watering.
Plants prefer full sun and are tolerant of diverse soil types.
Plants prefer full sun to light shade and a well-drained soil.
Plants prefer full sun to partial shade in moist well drained soil.
Plants prefer growth conditions.
Plants prefer light.
Plants prefer locations.
Plants prefer loose, nutrient-rich, sandy soil.
Plants prefer medium light.
Plants prefer natural light locations with partial shade to bright indirect light.
Plants prefer partial shade with moist, fertile, well-drained soils.
Plants prefer partial shade, slightly acid soil that is well drained.
Plants prefer rich moist well drained, soil.
Plants prefer rich, well cultivated soil.
Plants prefer semi shade but tolerate full sun and extended dry periods once established.
Plants prefer to be evenly moist, with a reservoir of water at their roots to use when they dry out.
Plants prefer to be kept moist.
Plants prefer to have a steady, stable environment in which to grow.
Plants present unique advantages for the study of circadian rhythms.
Plants presumably grow on different trees which are rather rare.
Plants prevent erosion, protecting our soil.
Plants prevent erosion.
Plants prevent it.
Plants prevent soil erosion and flooding, and keep our water clean and drinkable.
Plants produce a creeping rhizome but are relatively slow to spread.
Plants produce a gas called ethylene.
Plants produce a structure, the sporangium , in which meiosis occurs which animals lack.
Plants produce a variety of defensive compounds that can seriously affect herbivores.
Plants produce a wide variety of complex chemicals that mimic substances use by our own bodies.
Plants produce abundant harvest.
Plants produce abundant pollen that is easily dispersed by wind as the photo below shows.
Plants produce abundant quantities of seed.
Plants produce abundant seeds.
Plants produce abundant, small seeds which are dispersed by wind.
Plants produce abundantly.
Plants produce aerial roots.
Plants produce an array of potent protective chemicals.
Plants produce an open turf and a dense sod in older stands.
Plants produce attractive white to light-pink petals at the edge of darker pink flowers.
Plants produce banana flowers.
Plants produce basal leaves.
Plants produce beautiful flowers.
Plants produce beautiful foliage.
Plants produce beginnings.
Plants produce best in light, well-drained soil.
Plants produce blossoms.
Plants produce both food and oxygen for animals.
Plants produce bright flowers.
Plants produce bright red flower spikes which are very rich in nectar and attract many birds.
Plants produce bright yellow flowers.
Plants produce buds.
Plants produce carbohydrates.
Plants produce carbon compounds.
Plants produce carbon dioxide and water as respiratory waste products.
Plants produce certain wastes of inorganic and organic nature, which are stored in the organs.
Plants produce chemical compounds.
Plants produce chemical energy.
Plants produce chemicals that act as pesticides to kill or predators and fungi.
Plants produce chemicals which upon decomposition of the plant are toxic to soil micro-organisms.
Plants produce chemicals.
Plants produce clones by root suckering and can form large rings of genetically identical plants.
Plants produce clusters of large, red berries which possess a mild flavor.
Plants produce compounds.
Plants produce countless fragrant chemicals.
Plants produce creamy white flowers in spring followed by blue fruit in the fall.
Plants produce crops.
Plants produce decorative seed pods and the flowers look good in cut arrangements.
Plants produce defensive chemicals.
Plants produce defensive compounds.
Plants produce delicate flowers.
Plants produce delicate white flowers.
Plants produce double flowers all summer in pink and blue.
Plants produce dry matter.
Plants produce dull green leaves.
Plants produce edible flowers.
Plants produce edible starches.
Plants produce energy by photosynthesis.
Plants produce energy.
Plants produce enough oxygen.
Plants produce ethylene as a natural product of respiration.
Plants produce fatty acids essential for the life of the cells in our body.
Plants produce female flowers.
Plants produce few fruits, mostly foliage.
Plants produce fibrous seeds.
Plants produce flat heads of tightly clustered flowers.
Plants produce fleshy leaves.
Plants produce float leaves.
Plants produce flower buds.
Plants produce flowers for reproduction.
Plants produce flowers with a variety of tepal colors from reddish-purple to pink on white.
Plants produce flowers.
Plants produce foliage.
Plants produce food through photosynthesis.
Plants produce food, which keeps humans and animals alive.
Plants produce food.
Plants produce fragrant leaves.
Plants produce fronds.
Plants produce fruit that are too small.
Plants produce fruits, rich in carbohydrates , vitamins and fiber.
Plants produce fungicides , insect repellents, and also pesticides to deter predators.
Plants produce glucose through a process known as photosynthesis.
Plants produce glucose.
Plants produce glycogen from sunlight in the process called photosynthesis.
Plants produce green foliage.
Plants produce green leaves.
Plants produce growth.
Plants produce harvest.
Plants produce high wast which damages the environment.
Plants produce hormones.
Plants produce identical offspring.
Plants produce isoprene, a major haze ingredient, as a strategy for coping with heat.
Plants produce kinds.
Plants produce lacy clusters of white flowers in the spring as the foliage is emerging.
Plants produce large clusters of bright red berries.
Plants produce large leaves.
Plants produce large numbers of seed.
Plants produce leaves.
Plants produce less protein and more sugars, resulting in a major reduction in feed value.
Plants produce life-giving oxygen.
Plants produce little new growth, small berries and wilt and die.
Plants produce lush growth.
Plants produce male flowers.
Plants produce many aerial roots.
Plants produce many more pollen grains than are actually used in reproduction.
Plants produce many more seeds.
Plants produce many runners.
Plants produce many types of xanthophylls, but lutein is the only one that accumulates in the eye.
Plants produce matter.
Plants produce microscopic round or oval pollen grains to reproduce.
Plants produce more leaves than stemmy tissue in the spring.
Plants produce more non-productive support tissue as they get larger.
Plants produce more oxygen than they use, adding oxygen to the atmosphere.
Plants produce most of the food in the ocean, as they do on land, and so they are called producers.
Plants produce much pollen.
Plants produce multiple sprays of yellow with red lipped flowers on compact growing plants.
Plants produce multiple tillers from the crown.
Plants produce nectar.
Plants produce net useful energy.
Plants produce new cell matter out of inorganic material by photosynthesis .
Plants produce new offspring from just one parent plant.
Plants produce nitrogen nodules on their roots and are tolerant of drought and poor soil.
Plants produce nodding clusters of blue flowers.
Plants produce novel compounds.
Plants produce numerous offspring.
Plants produce nutrients.
Plants produce offshoots.
Plants produce offspring.
Plants produce oils.
Plants produce only a rosette of leaves in the first year.
Plants produce organic compounds.
Plants produce organic molecules using carbon from carbon dioxide.
Plants produce other kinds of compounds in addition to the phenolics and terpenoids described below.
Plants produce ovules.
Plants produce own energy.
Plants produce oxygen and take in carbon dioxide.
Plants produce oxygen as a by-product of photosynthesis.
Plants produce oxygen as a waste product of making sugar using sunlight, carbon dioxide, and water.
Plants produce oxygen during photosynthesis and can actually enhance oxygen levels during the day.
Plants produce oxygen during the day, under lighted conditions, and carbon dioxide during the night.
Plants produce oxygen through the process of photosynthesis.
Plants produce oxygen, add moisture and filter dangerous toxins.
Plants produce oxygen.
Plants produce pea plants.
Plants produce perfect flowers.
Plants produce pink flowers.
Plants produce pistils.
Plants produce plants.
Plants produce pollen in the spring.
Plants produce pollen.
Plants produce pollens and spores that are particularly useful in helping to determine climate.
Plants produce pollens when they pollinate.
Plants produce power.
Plants produce primary compounds important in their metabolism.
Plants produce proteins.
Plants produce purple flowers.
Plants produce rhizomes.
Plants produce rich purple flowers throughout the summer.
Plants produce roots, which normally grow downwards into the soil and shoots which grow upwards.
Plants produce roots.
Plants produce secondary compounds.
Plants produce secondary metabolites as a defensive measure.
Plants produce seed at eight years of age.
Plants produce seed plants.
Plants produce seed the first season.
Plants produce seeds and spores in the millions and billions.
Plants produce seeds as a result of sexual reproduction.
Plants produce seeds in the spring.
Plants produce seeds that can germinate into new plants.
Plants produce seeds that give rise to new plants of the same species.
Plants produce seeds.
Plants produce seeds.
Plants produce shoots.
Plants produce simple sugar.
Plants produce single flower buds.
Plants produce single flowers.
Plants produce small blue daisies with an unusual dark eye.
Plants produce small, pea-like flowers.
Plants produce solitary flowers.
Plants produce something like antifreeze to survive the winter.
Plants produce soybean seeds.
Plants produce starches.
Plants produce stems.
Plants produce stolons.
Plants produce substances that act like estrogens.
Plants produce substances.
Plants produce sugar.
Plants produce sweet sugar.
Plants produce taproots.
Plants produce the essential nutrients needed by heterotrophs to serve as coenzymes, cofactors, etc.
Plants produce their own food in order to survive and grow.
Plants produce their own food in the form of sugars through photosynthesis.
Plants produce their own food through a process called photosynthesis.
Plants produce their own food using chlorophyll, a green pigment unique to plants.
Plants produce their own food using water, carbon dioxide, and energy from the sun.
Plants produce thick leaves.
Plants produce three amino acids , leucine, isoleucine and valine .
Plants produce tough rhizomes.
Plants produce toxic substances.
Plants produce toxins.
Plants produce turnip roots.
Plants produce two types of stems.
Plants produce underground rhizomes.
Plants produce useful chemical energy.
Plants produce vegetative growth.
Plants produce vitamins and contain all the minerals.
Plants produce white flowers in spring followed by blue-black fruit in fall.
Plants produce white flowers.
Plants produce white to pink, urn-shaped flowers in the spring.
Plants produce wrinkle seeds.
Plants produce yellow flowers.
Plants produce yellow leaves.
Plants produce yellowish flowers.
Plants produce zygospores.
Plants produce, animals consume, and fungi absorb.
Plants produced by johnsongrass rhizomes are a common source of virus.
Plants producing flowers are classified as .
Plants producing garments, appliances, and hardware are at capacity.
Plants producing seed are likely to have fewer flowers the following year.
Plants producing seeds in cones are classified as .
Plants producing spermatia appear to have a whitish margin that look as if the plant is old.
Plants producing woody stems are called trees and shrubs.
Plants profoundly affect and are affected by soil organic matter and nutrient cycling.
Plants prosper in average soils and require only occasional watering once established.
Plants prostrate or ascending herbs .
Plants protect animals from the current and predators and provide a food source.
Plants protect roots.
Plants protect seeds.
Plants protect soil from water and wind erosion, and help the soil store water.
Plants protect the soil from excess erosion.
Plants protect themselves against ozone hole .
Plants provide a haven for wildlife.
Plants provide a naturally recycling life support system in space.
Plants provide a quiet calm in the chaos of high-tech life.
Plants provide a renewable source of food energy for many forms of life.
Plants provide a spiritual link to nature and to our natural heritage.
Plants provide an important source of nutrients and organic matter.
Plants provide another dimension.
Plants provide as much as three thousand pounds of forage per acre per year for animals.
Plants provide beauty, fragrance, food, and wildlife habitat.
Plants provide benefits.
Plants provide carbohydrate nutrients.
Plants provide cover, food, and sediment-free spawning grounds for fish and other aquatic life.
Plants provide diets.
Plants provide diverse habitats for birds, beneficial insects, and other wildlife in ecosystems.
Plants provide energy.
Plants provide enough moisture.
Plants provide essential benefits that support all Earth's life forms.
Plants provide excellent opportunity.
Plants provide favorable habitats.
Plants provide fiber e.g. cotton, flax linen, paper, cardboard.
Plants provide fiber which is manufactured into fabric and clothing.
Plants provide food and cover for insects, which, in turn, are food for birds and mammals.
Plants provide food and cover for wildlife.
Plants provide food and cover, two vital needs for both.
Plants provide food and shelter for widlife and provide a place for microorganisms to attach.
Plants provide food and shelter for wildlife and macroinvertebrates.
Plants provide food for animals.
Plants provide food for most of the heterotrophs on land.
Plants provide food, clothing, shelter, and medicine.
Plants provide food, shelter, and nesting sites for other organisms.
Plants provide food, shelter, clothing, flavors, beverages, drugs, medicines, and decoration.
Plants provide for many of the basic needs of wildlife.
Plants provide fuel, food, clothing, and even shelter, either directly or indirectly.
Plants provide good forage for livestock before burs develop.
Plants provide habitat for animals.
Plants provide habitat for the invertebrates fish feed on.
Plants provide habitats.
Plants provide humans with oxygen through photosynthesis, food, clothing and shelter.
Plants provide important habitats.
Plants provide important protective substances called phytonutrients.
Plants provide many benefits.
Plants provide many medicinal products such as penicillin and digitalis.
Plants provide materials for clothing including cotton and flax.
Plants provide materials for shelter and for books.
Plants provide materials.
Plants provide moisture.
Plants provide much of the oxygen needed by the organisms to live and grow.
Plants provide natural protection for soils against erosion in several ways.
Plants provide nectar.
Plants provide nest materials.
Plants provide nourishment for our bodies and souls.
Plants provide nourishment.
Plants provide nutrients and shelter.
Plants provide nutrients.
Plants provide nutrition.
Plants provide opportunity.
Plants provide oxygen and food as well as alter and stabilize the soil.
Plants provide oxygen to all living things.
Plants provide oxygen to animals.
Plants provide oxygen to people and animals through photosynthesis.
Plants provide oxygen.
Plants provide people and animals with food, shelter, and even oxygen.
Plants provide pollen.
Plants provide privacy and soften a room's structural lines.
Plants provide shade and help keep the water cool.
Plants provide shade for domestic and wild animals.
Plants provide shade which keeps algae growth reduced, and convert nitrogen into a usable form.
Plants provide shelter.
Plants provide small fishes with a place to hide from predators.
Plants provide solid nourishment for animals big and small.
Plants provide sugar.
Plants provide the base of the food chain in streams.
Plants provide the basic food supply for themselves and for animals.
Plants provide the basis of our energy balance, our atmosphere, and our food supply.
Plants provide the food for all animal life.
Plants provide the fungi with carbohydrates.
Plants provide the nectar for honey production and pollen for brood production.
Plants provide the villagers with definite cures for asthma, arthritis, baldness, among others.
Plants provide vary diets.
Plants provide, directly or indirectly, food for all animals and all of our atmospheric oxygen.
Plants provides a single source of standardized information about plants.
Plants providing spices include vanilla, chili pepper, black pepper, and cinnamon.
Plants pull out nitrates.
Plants pump the water up from the soil to deliver nutrients to their leaves.
Plants pump up water from the soil.
Plants purchased at the nursery are potted or balled and burlaped.
Plants purify the air by taking out carbon dioxide.
Plants put a buffer between the blast and the building, like a shock absorber.
Plants put life-giving oxygen into the atmosphere via photosynthesis.
Plants put up many barriers to the retention, entry and transport of herbicides.
Plants quickly form a verdant mat.
Plants quickly go down and are black from the straw up.
Plants quickly regain and surpass their original size.
Plants radiate vibrations.
Plants raised from seed can, however, result in exciting new varieties.
Plants raised in most nurseries receive intensive care and feeding.
Plants range from dwarfs to mature specimens.
Plants range from shade to full-sun tolerant.
Plants range from single stems to large clusters, depending on species.
Plants range from small single process facilities to large integrated plants.
Plants range from smaller than a dime in diameter to about fifty-cent piece size.
Plants range from water storing cacti to fragile wildflowers.
Plants range in height.
Plants range in size from magnificent forest trees to small shrubs.
Plants range in size from small mosses to giant redwood trees.
Plants reach a maximum height of three feet.
Plants reach about an inch in diameter.
Plants reach considerable size.
Plants reach height.
Plants reach inch height.
Plants reach islands in different ways.
Plants reach length.
Plants reach mature size.
Plants reach maturity.
Plants reach maximum height.
Plants reach maximum size.
Plants reach maximum weight.
Plants reach physiological maturity.
Plants reach size.
Plants reach up from earth.
Plants reach weight.
Plants reach year maturity.
Plants react to an air conditioner's cool air in various ways.
Plants react to extremes in temperatureas well as to the daily average.
Plants react to insect stings And sometimes form peculiar things.
Plants react to sunlight by growing towards it.
Plants react to that situation with stress and stress attracts many pests.
Plants readily reproduce from roots.
Plants really add warmth and can totally change the character of the room.
Plants receive a healthy amount of sunlight.
Plants receive abundant sunlight in the spring and filtered light in the summer.
Plants receive carbon dioxide from animals, and animals receive oxygen from plants.
Plants receive direct sunlight.
Plants receive enough water.
Plants receive fluorescent light.
Plants receive less stress if planted when they are dormant.
Plants receive light.
Plants receive little sunlight.
Plants receive ml water.
Plants receive nitrogen.
Plants receive nutrients from the soil.
Plants receive sunlight.
Plants receive supplemental water.
Plants receive water.
Plants receiving too little light have pale green, stretched foliage and long, weak flower stems.
Plants recognize certain compounds as elicitors of their active defence mechanism.
Plants recover putting out normal leaves when air quality improves.
Plants recover rapidly and establish quickly.
Plants recruit birds to aid pollination , and offer nectar as a reward.
Plants recruit oil-detoxifying microbes.
Plants recycle nutrients and oxygen into the food chain in wetlands.
Plants reduce capacity or even close.
Plants reduce energy consumption.
Plants reduce erosion.
Plants reduce the amount of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere.
Plants reduce the discharge of solids, such as contaminated dirt, into waterways.
Plants reduce the risk of flooding in an area.
Plants reduce toxins in the air therefore producing a cleaner environment in our classrooms.
Plants reflect green light and absorb other wavelengths.
Plants reflect green light because they contain the molecule chlorophyll.
Plants regulate our climate and enhance the natural beauty of our visual world.
Plants regulate their intake and loss of gases via a cellular automaton mechanism .
Plants regulate their intake and loss of gases via a cellular automaton mechanism.
Plants regulate their own soil pH to release required minerals.
Plants release carbon dioxide through a respiratory process analogous to that of our own breathing.
Plants release carbon.
Plants release oils that enter the soil and blend with the other earthy odors.
Plants release oxygen during photosynthesis.
Plants release oxygen into the air as the carbohydrates sugar and cellulose are synthesized.
Plants release oxygen.
Plants release pollen.
Plants release seeds.
Plants release significant amounts of their repellent oils only when their leaves are crushed.
Plants release some of the stored carbon back into the atmosphere through respiration.
Plants release volatile chemicals when attacked by caterpillars.
Plants release water and oxygen that animals breathe in.
Plants release water into the air from their leaves.
Plants release water through pores in their leaves.
Plants release water vapor into the air.
Plants rely on animals and wind and water to help scatter their seeds.
Plants rely on animals to help spread seeds.
Plants rely on consumption.
Plants rely on four main modes of dispersal, each a one-way ticket to a place to put down roots.
Plants rely on insects.
Plants rely on leaves.
Plants rely on photosynthesis.
Plants rely on pollen.
Plants rely on pollination to reproduce.
Plants rely on rainfall.
Plants rely on respiration.
Plants rely on roots.
Plants rely on stem photosynthesis.
Plants rely on sunlight for energy and nutrients.
Plants rely on sunlight.
Plants rely on the soil , water, and the sun for energy.
Plants remain green all year.
Plants remain green until just before death.
Plants remain in bloom for several months.
Plants remain low, spread quickly and develop small, white, sweet smelling flowers in mass.
Plants remains show excellent cellular preservation.
Plants remove carbon dioxide from the air and add oxygen during photosynthesis.
Plants remove carbon dioxide from the air and replace it with oxygen.
Plants remove carbon dioxide from the atmosphere during photosynthesis.
Plants remove carbon dioxide from the atmosphere, produce oxygen, and provide shade.
Plants remove carbon dioxide from the atmosphere.
Plants remove carbon from the environment as carbon dioxide.
Plants remove formaldehyde from the air.
Plants remove nutrients from the water and assist in transferring oxygen to the water.
Plants remove water from the air and into the soil by transpiration.
Plants repeat bloom in late summer and fall.
Plants repeat blooming for many years.
Plants replace nutritious plants.
Plants replace plants.
Plants represent immediacy, a seamless suchness.
Plants represent millions of years of adaptation to environmental challenges.
Plants represent only a small portion of the total cost of growing vegetables.
Plants represent the first trophic level.
Plants representing all major stages of forest development appear to be establishing simultaneously.
Plants reproduce and grow in various ways.
Plants reproduce asexually, and people reproduce through childbirth.
Plants reproduce both by sexual and asexual.
Plants reproduce both sexually and asexually.
Plants reproduce by making seeds, like the sunflower does.
Plants reproduce by pollen grains.
Plants reproduce by seed and are prolific seed producers.
Plants reproduce by seed.
Plants reproduce by seeds and rhizomes.
Plants reproduce by seeds, stems, and creeping rootstocks.
Plants reproduce by spreading seeds.
Plants reproduce freely by stolons.
Plants reproduce from the base of the stem after logging or fire.
Plants reproduce several ways.
Plants reproduce sexually by means of seeds or spores.
Plants reproduce sexually by spreading pollen from one flower to another.
Plants reproduce through their seeds that are replanted to turn into new plants.
Plants reproduced vegetively include artichokes and orchids.
Plants require a certain amount of lumens to grow.
Plants require a year or more to reach maturity.
Plants require abundant sunlight.
Plants require adequate moisture.
Plants require adequate nutrition.
Plants require adequate ventilation.
Plants require air, water and light to grow.
Plants require air, water, and light.
Plants require air, water, nutrients, and light in order to live and thrive.
Plants require air, water, nutrients, and light.
Plants require air.
Plants require amounts.
Plants require ample water.
Plants require an inch of water weekly.
Plants require assistance.
Plants require attention.
Plants require blue light.
Plants require blue spectrum light.
Plants require bright light.
Plants require carbon dioxide as an input.
Plants require carbon dioxide for growth.
Plants require carbon dioxide in the photosynthesis process.
Plants require carbon dioxide to conduct photosynthesis.
Plants require care.
Plants require certain nutrients.
Plants require certain quantities of light for proper growth.
Plants require climates.
Plants require consistent moisture until pollination.
Plants require diets that are as diverse as diets for people.
Plants require differing amounts of water.
Plants require double fertilization.
Plants require energy.
Plants require evolution.
Plants require exposure.
Plants require fertilization.
Plants require frequent fertilization.
Plants require frequent watering from the time they are transplanted.
Plants require full sun exposure.
Plants require full sun.
Plants require full sunlight.
Plants require growth.
Plants require high humidity.
Plants require inorganic nutrients such as nitrogen, phosphorus and potassium for normal growth.
Plants require insects.
Plants require intermediate to warm temperatures and medium amounts of light.
Plants require it, fish have no use for it.
Plants require less water when it is cool and more when it is hot.
Plants require light.
Plants require little cultivation, except for weeding during early stages of growth.
Plants require loose soil and excellent drainage.
Plants require lower maintenance.
Plants require magnesium to synthesize chlorophyll , essential for photosynthesis .
Plants require maintenance.
Plants require many different types of nutrients for proper growth.
Plants require many nutrients to grow, reproduce, and survive.
Plants require minimal maintenance.
Plants require moist, acidic, humus-rich soil in partial to full shade.
Plants require moisture to absorb soil nutrients.
Plants require moisture.
Plants require more frequent water.
Plants require more nitrogen than the do any other mineral element.
Plants require more water during their reproductive stage.
Plants require much moisture, grow rapidly, and are often highly productive.
Plants require nitrate.
Plants require nitrates for use with sugar to produce protein.
Plants require nitrogen to make proteins, which are essential for all living things.
Plants require nitrogen.
Plants require nutrients for growth.
Plants require nutrition.
Plants require one inch of rainfall per week for best growth.
Plants require oxygen for respiration to carry out their functions of water and nutrient uptake.
Plants require oxygen, nutrients, and water for proper growth.
Plants require plenty of daylight to thrive.
Plants require potassium for vigor and strength.
Plants require proper environments to grow and develop.
Plants require proteins.
Plants require pruning and training to mechanically harvest.
Plants require relatively large amounts of potassium in order to grow and remain healthy.
Plants require rest between grazing to replenish stored sugars and restore leaf area.
Plants require shades.
Plants require small amounts of other elements including iron, copper, zinc, sulfur, and boron.
Plants require some minerals in fairly large amounts and some in small amounts.
Plants require some nitrogen in the amine form.
Plants require sources.
Plants require space to grow and reproduce.
Plants require space to grow.
Plants require special attention.
Plants require spectrum light.
Plants require staking.
Plants require sulfur for normal growth and development.
Plants require sun exposure.
Plants require sunlight in order to undergo photosynthesis.
Plants require sunlight, water, soil, and air in order to grow and be healthy.
Plants require sunlight.
Plants require the carbon dioxide animals expel, while animals require the oxygen plants produce.
Plants require the carbon dioxide in air in order to perform photosynthesis.
Plants require the full spectrum of light in order to grow and produce fertile seeds.
Plants require time during the growing season to recover before grazing.
Plants require ventilation.
Plants require very little sodium, therefore, feeds derived from plants are very low in sodium.
Plants require warm climates.
Plants require water and nutrients to grow.
Plants require water both to make nutrients and to move nutrients through their body from the soil.
Plants require water.
Plants require well drained soil to prosper over time.
Plants reseed aggressively.
Plants reseed themselve readily.
Plants reseed themselves in the wild and in favorable spots.
Plants resemble plants.
Plants resist scab, tolerate cucumber mosaic.
Plants respire all the time, day or night.
Plants respire exactly the same way that animals do.
Plants respire, of course, just as animals and other heterotrophs do.
Plants respond adversely to rapid changes in the environment.
Plants respond differently to different colors of light.
Plants respond differently to humic fertilizers according to their method of preparation.
Plants respond differently to the climate where they are growing.
Plants respond in a robust fashion to cell damage.
Plants respond much faster to iron chelates than other iron sources.
Plants respond quickly to the higher night time temperatures.
Plants respond to acoustic energy.
Plants respond to blue light.
Plants respond to climates.
Plants respond to energy.
Plants respond to gravity.
Plants respond to light.
Plants respond well to extra water during the drier seasons of the year.
Plants respond well to liberal applications of organic manure.
Plants respond well to pruning.
Plants resprout via an extensive rhizome system following cool fires.
Plants rest in preparation for the next growing season.
Plants rest in winter.
Plants resume growth each spring from crown buds.
Plants resume growth.
Plants resume normal growth.
Plants retain leaves.
Plants retain needles.
Plants retain their green color throughout the winter.
Plants retain their natural profile without flopping on their neighbors.
Plants return the favor by consuming carbon dioxide and releasing oxygen.
Plants return the water they take in back to the air.
Plants root easily from softwood or semihardwood cuttings taken before flowering.
Plants root more readily.
Plants root readily from softwood cuttings.
Plants root very rapidly.
Plants rooted in it have trouble absorbing water.
Plants rot and wilt and die.
Plants rot at the ground line, or crown, of the plant.
Plants rot in the ground and precious top soil is washed away.
Plants run freely.
Plants sacrifice old growth in favor of new growth during stressful weather conditions.
Plants say a great deal about a company.
Plants scapose, leaves basal, pinnatisect with filiform lobes.
Plants secrete compounds.
Plants secrete digestive fluid.
Plants secrete fluid.
Plants See main index page .
Plants see the blue light.
Plants seek out light.
Plants seek rewards of nutrients, water, sunlight, and territory necessary for survival.
Plants seek, above all else, to propagate.
Plants seem like such mild, simple, common things to have such powers.
Plants seem to absorb the higher sound frequencies at a greater rate.
Plants seem to be self sterile and even with different clones seed set has been poor.
Plants seem to be turning out quite well.
Plants seem to be very forgiving.
Plants seem to do best in rich soils such as are found in coulees or at the bases of hills.
Plants seem to grow most vigorously in the summer time.
Plants seem to grow together as groups.
Plants seem to know how important the sun is.
Plants seem to live by constantly producing fresh growth.
Plants seem to occur randomly in the field with no apparent pattern.
Plants seem to pop back real quickly after treatment, then collapse.
Plants seem to produce leaves, petals and seeds based upon the golden number.
Plants seem to stop growing and fruit quality suffers.
Plants sell out early.
Plants send out feeder roots to absorb water and essential nutrients.
Plants sense seasonal and other environmental changes.
Plants serve a use in the spiritual world.
Plants serve a variety of purposes for the fish.
Plants serve many important functions in the landscape.
Plants serve purposes.
Plants serve the human race in a variety of ways.
Plants set outdoors tend to dry out quicker.
Plants shade the surface, moderating temperature fluctuations and moisture availability.
Plants shaded by their neighbors often bolt upward to reach sunlight.
Plants share characteristics.
Plants share common characteristics.
Plants share features.
Plants share important characteristics.
Plants share key features.
Plants share many characteristics with green algae.
Plants share several basic characteristics.
Plants shed leaves.
Plants shed pollen.
Plants shelter one another by blocking sunlight or allowing sunlight to reach the plant.
Plants shift their positions to keep up with the sunlight in surrounding areas.
Plants show a nonspecific decline and wilt.
Plants show a preference for partial to open light and upper slopes.
Plants show a wet rot and have a foul smell.
Plants show a wide range of sensitivity that generally overlaps that of animals.
Plants show adaptations to hot and cold environments.
Plants show adverse effects.
Plants show alternation.
Plants show and increased growth rate.
Plants show appearances.
Plants show both, but degree of each differs with life cycle stage.
Plants show characteristics.
Plants show chlorosis and drying of green tissue and yellowing of leaf tips and margins.
Plants show chlorosis, foliar discoloration, reduced plant vigor and premature leaf drop.
Plants show effects.
Plants show fair vigor and runner production.
Plants show great vigor and free-flowering traits.
Plants show growth.
Plants show healthy growth.
Plants show heterospory or two types of meiospores, microspores and megaspores.
Plants show increased susceptibility to winter injury.
Plants show leaves.
Plants show parallel symptoms.
Plants show reddening of leaf margins and very red petioles.
Plants show remarkable perspicacity in their behaviour and struggle for life.
Plants show sensitivity to one sided light by leaning toward the light.
Plants show signs of a general decline often before the crawlers or adults are even noticed.
Plants show signs of stress when light levels are too low or too high.
Plants show some stunting, purple leaf tips and margins and numerous chlorotic spots.
Plants show specific symptoms.
Plants show symptoms.
Plants show upward rolling of leaflets of the older leaves.
Plants showing aboveground symptoms occur in patches where the soil is wettest.
Plants showing symptoms near harvest are edible.
Plants shown are typical.
Plants simply have to cope with environmental changes as they come.
Plants sing as they work The sun is the primary source in the Earth's food and energy chain.
Plants slow down their metabolic rates in the cooler weather.
Plants slowly die one leaf at a time.
Plants soak up carbon dioxide, combining it with water to create other chemicals.
Plants soak up large amounts of water through their roots .
Plants soak up the water from the soil, and animals drink it from the streams.
Plants soften architectural spaces.
Plants sold are from seed, cuttings, division and wholesale orders.
Plants sold by mail include seeds, some bulbs and plants, additional items.
Plants sold by nurseries are usually seedlings or unnamed wild plants, rather than named varieties.
Plants solve the gamete transfer problem by relying on various pollination vectors.
Plants specially living in water are called as hydrophytes.
Plants speed up recovery from illness.
Plants spend a lot of energy and nutrients in creating fruit .
Plants spend a lot of energy and nutrients in creating fruit.
Plants spill out over the porches.
Plants spontaneously grow in the mulch to create a float- ing plant habitat.
Plants sprawling on the ground lose many tomatoes to slugs and disease.
Plants spread nicely into naturalistic drifts.
Plants spread out to form open clusters of plants.
Plants spread pollen.
Plants spread rapidly by clonal vegetative reproduction from vigorous rhizomes .
Plants spread rapidly by underground runners and by seed.
Plants spread rapidly from rhizomes.
Plants spread rapidly via surviving rhizomes.
Plants spread roots.
Plants spread seeds.
Plants spread slowly to form dense clumps.
Plants spread slowly via short rhizomes.
Plants spread slowly with age, forming a ground cover with beautiful flowers.
Plants spread slowly with time.
Plants spread steadily via underground stolons to form large clumps in the border.
Plants spread via seeds, tillers, and occasionally by short rhizomes.
Plants spring lushly from pots on the floor.
Plants sprout aromatic leaves.
Plants sprout from buds.
Plants sprout from roots.
Plants sprout leaves.
Plants sprout roots.
Plants sprouting from seeds and growing are pretty interesting now.
Plants sprouting from the genetically modified seeds produce their own pesticide.
Plants stabilize soils and oxygenate the atmosphere.
Plants stand erect up to several feet in height and have branching roots.
Plants stand on a grass mat covered wood base.
Plants stand on grass mats that cover a wood base.
Plants stand one to two feet tall.
Plants stand still after they have passed the seed stage.
Plants start carrying on photosynthesis and respiration if the plant has chlorophyll and sunlight.
Plants start from cutting as erect stems but soon develop several heavy spreading branches.
Plants start growth early in spring and continue through the summer.
Plants start growth.
Plants start roots.
Plants start their life as seeds and the seeds then grow into small plants and then big trees.
Plants start their lives as tiny seeds.
Plants start to grow, and astronauts grow and harvest food.
Plants starved in oxygen gas also affects the success of germination for metabolism and growth.
Plants stay in bloom for up to three weeks or more.
Plants stay in the same place all the time.
Plants stay more compact if their flower spikes are pinched back.
Plants still lose moisture to the atmosphere in winter but at a slower rate than in summer.
Plants still require water to reestablish a root system and survive.
Plants stop growing during hot summer.
Plants stop making food.
Plants store food.
Plants store insoluble polymers, starches, lipids, and proteins in the cells.
Plants store poisons in their vacuole.
Plants store some of their sugar they made during photosynthesis to give their own cells energy.
Plants store their high-level radioactive waste in pools or in dry containers.
Plants store water.
Plants stored in a capillary bed can survive for up to a year with very little maintenance.
Plants strive on polychrome rock face.
Plants stunted, appear bunchy.
Plants succeed in any lime-free soil, light or heavy.
Plants succulent .
Plants succulent to non-succulent.
Plants succulent, or non-succulent.
Plants suck in the silicon through their roots, and then somehow make little fibres of glass.
Plants sucker freely.
Plants suddenly turn yellow and die in patches during warm, humid weather.
Plants suffer damage.
Plants suffer from a lack of water and nutrients, and yields are reduced.
Plants suffer from drought.
Plants suffer from lack of sunlight and available moisture is taken by neighboring trees and shrubs.
Plants suffer less transplant shock and develop roots faster if they are without blooms.
Plants suffer nutrient deficiency and develop drought intolerance following acid rain.
Plants suffer the effects of ozone too.
Plants suffering from nitrogen deficiency are more susceptible to disease, infection, and injury.
Plants suffering from physiological stalk weakness are susceptible to secondary problems.
Plants supply animals with energy.
Plants supply many human needs through their use as food, medicines, energy, building materials etc.
Plants supply the energy for all higher life forms on Earth.
Plants supply the finishing touches in order to complete that backyard decorating makeover.
Plants supply the fungi with carbohydrates, in return, making it a symbiotic relationship.
Plants support nutrition.
Plants supported by cages tend to be less susceptible to blossom-end rot than staked plants.
Plants surround ponds and lake shores.
Plants survive as root stock during winter, buried by insulating layer of snow.
Plants survive climates.
Plants survive cold climates.
Plants survive cold nights.
Plants survive cold winter nights.
Plants survive conditions.
Plants survive damage.
Plants survive difficult conditions.
Plants survive drought conditions.
Plants survive dry conditions.
Plants survive dry summer.
Plants survive environmental conditions.
Plants survive environments.
Plants survive for years.
Plants survive freeze conditions.
Plants survive habitats.
Plants survive high temperature climates.
Plants survive in atmospheres.
Plants survive in climates.
Plants survive in conditions.
Plants survive in difficult conditions.
Plants survive in dry habitats.
Plants survive in environments.
Plants survive in extreme conditions.
Plants survive in gardens.
Plants survive in habitats.
Plants survive in harsh conditions.
Plants survive in harsh environments.
Plants survive in shades.
Plants survive in soil conditions.
Plants survive months.
Plants survive nights.
Plants survive only when they are adapted to subfreezing weather.
Plants survive only where the amount is within a specified range.
Plants survive periods without water by using a couple of strategies.
Plants survive regions.
Plants survive such conditions.
Plants survive summer.
Plants survive very low temperatures only when they are fully hardened off.
Plants survive weeks.
Plants survive winter nights.
Plants survive with the help of water.
Plants survive within a more or less broad range of temperatures.
Plants survive years.
Plants sustain continual growth in the apical meristem.
Plants sustain only minute damage as the corn borer larvae attempt to feed.
Plants sway as ocean currents move with froggy's dance steps.
Plants sway in the wind.
Plants sweat through transpiration.
Plants synthesise all their nutrients from air water and minerals in the soil.
Plants synthesize a large number oc compounds to protect themselves from predators.
Plants synthesize a structural polysaccharide called cellulose.
Plants synthesize amino acids from the combination of sunlight, water and soils.
Plants synthesize and contain compounds with antimutagenic and anticarcinogenic properties.
Plants synthesize glucose using photosynthesis, a process that is critical for all life.
Plants synthesize lignin to strengthen cell walls and to resist pathogen attack.
Plants synthesize sugar from carbon dioxide in the process of photosynthesis.
Plants synthesize two types of polysaccharides, starch and cellulose.
Plants take a foothold along cracks or in depressions where moisture content is higher.
Plants take carbon dioxide and turn it back into breathable air.
Plants take carbon dioxide and turn it back into oxygen.
Plants take carbon dioxide from the air and give off oxygen.
Plants take carbon dioxide gas from the atmosphere and convert it into solid sugars and starches.
Plants take carbon dioxide out of the atmosphere.
Plants take energy.
Plants take in air through their leaves.
Plants take in and store aldrin and dieldrin from the soil.
Plants take in and store carbon dioxide in the process of photosynthesis.
Plants take in carbon dioxide and give off oxygen.
Plants take in carbon dioxide and give out oxygen during photosynthesis.
Plants take in carbon dioxide and produce oxygen through a passive process called respiration.
Plants take in carbon dioxide and release oxygen into the air.
Plants take in carbon dioxide and release oxygen.
Plants take in carbon dioxide and use it as food.
Plants take in carbon dioxide and water to produce glucose and give off oxygen in photosynthesis.
Plants take in carbon dioxide and water, and produce carbohydrates and oxygen.
Plants take in carbon dioxide during photosynthesis and release oxygen.
Plants take in carbon dioxide during photosynthesis and use the carbon to build carbohydrates.
Plants take in carbon dioxide during the process of photosynthesis.
Plants take in carbon dioxide for photosynthesis, and release carbon dioxide when they decompose.
Plants take in carbon dioxide from the air.
Plants take in carbon dioxide which humans breathe out.
Plants take in carbon dioxide, and release sugar and oxygen.
Plants take in carbon from the atmosphere and ocean and fix it into themselves.
Plants take in energy from the sun and use it to maintain growth and develop food and oxygen.
Plants take in gases from the air and give off others through pores in the leaves.
Plants take in minerals from the soil.
Plants take in nutrients through their root systems and sometimes their leaves.
Plants take in oxygen and use the sugar to create carbon dioxide and water.
Plants take in the gas carbon dioxide into their leaves.
Plants take in water from the soil through their roots.
Plants take in water through the roots .
Plants take in water through their roots, which are found underground.
Plants take it in and use it for photosynthesis, build carbohydrates.
Plants take minerals from the earth in ionic and colloidal form via their root membranes.
Plants take nitrogen, oxygen and hydrogen from the soil.
Plants take on a beautiful reddish hue when grown in full sun.
Plants take over that are brought in for ornamental purposes, and they're choking our ponds.
Plants take roots.
Plants take several weeks to die.
Plants take several years to develop from seedlings to flowering stage.
Plants take the sun 's energy , and they are eaten by other animals as food .
Plants take the sun's energy and store it in high-energy food substances that animals can use.
Plants take the sun's energy, and they are eaten by other animals as food.
Plants take their own shapes and sometimes demand their own location.
Plants take time to grow.
Plants take up and release gases through small pores on the leaf surface called stomata.
Plants take up and store the radioactive materials in roots or stems.
Plants take up carbon dioxide from the atmosphere through photosynthesis.
Plants take up carbon.
Plants take up certain nutrients from the water.
Plants take up chloride from salts accumulating in the soil.
Plants take up matter.
Plants take up most water from the top foot of soil.
Plants take up N mainly in nitrate form.
Plants take up nitrate from the soil and then reduce nitrate to ammonia.
Plants take up nitrate in normal growth and developmental processes.
Plants take up nitrates and form proteins.
Plants take up nitrates from the soil to make plant proteins for growth.
Plants take up nitrogen as nitrate, in smaller amounts also as ammonium ions.
Plants take up nitrogen either as ammonia, nitrate, or nitrite via their roots.
Plants take up nitrogen.
Plants take up nutrients from the soil and the chemicals from the airs and use energy from the sun.
Plants take up nutrients in the surface waters, so that they are almost undetectable.
Plants take up nutrients selectively according to their particular needs at a given time.
Plants take up small amounts of hafnium from the soil in which they grow.
Plants take up the organic nutrients and act as a natural filter of the waste water.
Plants take up the phosphate ions from the soil.
Plants take up water and minerals through their roots but make food in their leaves.
Plants take up water from the soil and then release it from their leaves back to the air.
Plants take up water into their tissues and release it into the atmosphere.
Plants take up water through their roots and release water vapor through their leaves.
Plants take up water.
Plants take water from the ground through their roots.
Plants take water to grow and create food.
Plants taken in include most vegetation found in tropical fish tanks and local ponds.
Plants tend to be aquatic in nature taking root in or near a water source.
Plants tend to be discussed in the ecosystem write-ups.
Plants tend to be smaller and low in vigor.
Plants tend to be stunted and show poor growth.
Plants tend to be stunted due to a shortening of the internodes.
Plants tend to become lanky, with few flowers.
Plants tend to become shallow-rooted and subject to winter injury.
Plants tend to bloom earlier and generally are smaller in western than in eastern Nebraska.
Plants tend to bolt when conditions remain dry.
Plants tend to broaden with time as they sucker and mass together extremely uniformly.
Plants tend to form roots around a root ball for reasons other than the pot being too small.
Plants tend to grow close to the ground or in the rocks for protection.
Plants tend to grow toward light or water, for instance.
Plants tend to hold soil and fine-grained rock fragments in place.
Plants tend to just fall over and die for no noticeable reason.
Plants tend to leak water and create problems.
Plants tend to mature much faster in live sphagnum.
Plants tend to outgrow the injury by midsummer.
Plants tend to prefer being slightly dry rather than too wet.
Plants tend to produce better flowers as the size increases with age.
Plants tend to rot in wet locations.
Plants then become hypersensitive to light and die.
Plants then begin to die-off during autumn.
Plants then can produce their own fruits and seeds.
Plants then convert carbon dioxide into carbon which gets stored, or sequestered, in the roots.
Plants then stabilize the soil, preventing erosion.
Plants then take root and hold the soil deposits firm against the force of the tide.
Plants then take that carbon dioxide, convert it into carbohydrates, and release oxygen.
Plants then use the carbon dioxide and water to produce more food and oxygen.
Plants there manufacture metals, chemicals, and electronic equipment.
Plants therefore show great versatility in the way their cells adapt to changing environments.
Plants think up fresh leaves and even the dust on the shelves has got a new pair of shoes.
Plants thirst for a few drops of water.
Plants thrive beneath a pyramid.
Plants thrive here that are usually found way north on tundra.
Plants thrive in a loose, loamy soil that is high in organic matter.
Plants thrive in a moderately cool location, with partial shade.
Plants thrive in acidic habitats.
Plants thrive in areas that receive summer moisture.
Plants thrive in areas.
Plants thrive in arid conditions.
Plants thrive in arid environments.
Plants thrive in bog habitats.
Plants thrive in climates.
Plants thrive in conditions.
Plants thrive in different conditions.
Plants thrive in environments.
Plants thrive in filtered sun to full shade and prefer moist soil.
Plants thrive in full sun but have been known to flower and remain healthy in partial shade.
Plants thrive in full sun to light shade.
Plants thrive in habitats.
Plants thrive in hostile environments.
Plants thrive in humid environments.
Plants thrive in ideal climates.
Plants thrive in levels.
Plants thrive in light.
Plants thrive in locations.
Plants thrive in mediterranean climates.
Plants thrive in moist environments.
Plants thrive in natural climates.
Plants thrive in natural environments.
Plants thrive in natural habitats.
Plants thrive in regions.
Plants thrive in setting.
Plants thrive in shade and prefer a humus-rich, evenly moist soil.
Plants thrive in shade areas.
Plants thrive in sites.
Plants thrive in situations.
Plants thrive in subtropical regions.
Plants thrive in sunny locations.
Plants thrive in sunshine.
Plants thrive in well drained soil and require limited care.
Plants thrive in well-drained soil.
Plants thrive in wet conditions.
Plants thrive in zones.
Plants thrive on fertile garden soils.
Plants thrive on it.
Plants thrive on poor soils and compete poorly with established vegetation.
Plants thrive on quality water.
Plants thrive throughout the large sunny rooms.
Plants thrive with no spray and produce year after year.
Plants thus expend far less energy developing roots to meet their nitrogen needs.
Plants to absorb nutrients.
Plants to absorb water.
Plants to attract insects.
Plants to attract pollinators.
Plants to attract sufficient pollinators.
Plants to conserve water.
Plants to make food.
Plants to make sufficient food.
Plants to produce buds.
Plants to produce fertile seeds.
Plants to produce food.
Plants to produce pollen.
Plants to produce seeds.
Plants to produce viable seeds.
Plants to survive in arid conditions.
Plants to survive in conditions.
Plants to survive in different environments.
Plants to survive in environments.
Plants to survive in severe conditions.
Plants to survive in such conditions.
Plants to survive in such severe conditions.
Plants to take advantage.
Plants tolerate aneuploidy much better than animals.
Plants tolerate conditions.
Plants tolerate dry conditions.
Plants tolerate dryness.
Plants tolerate heat, cold, low soil fertility, and drought.
Plants tolerate heat, drought, wind, and low fertility as long as drainage is sufficient.
Plants tolerate high levels of sulfur dioxide.
Plants tolerate high temperatures.
Plants tolerate soil conditions.
Plants tolerate some leaf damage without affecting plant health.
Plants tolerate some wilting.
Plants too are alive.
Plants too are sources for medicine.
Plants too have hormones.
Plants too have in some cases a long life, while in others it lasts but for a year.
Plants transplanted to an unfavourable soil die.
Plants trap the energy from the sun using the carbon dioxide in the air to make food.
Plants trap the light energy for photosynthesis.
Plants treated with insecticides registered for use on food crops are safe to compost.
Plants turn light into chemical energy in the form of sugars, which fuel the entire food web.
Plants turn pale green or yellow, wilt, then brown and die.
Plants turn pale green or yellow.
Plants turn straw-colored when cool season frosts begin.
Plants turn sunlight.
Plants turn the sun s light into food.
Plants turn white, after becoming translucent at the leaf tips.
Plants turn yellow .
Plants turn yellow and are stunted.
Plants turn yellow and degenerate prematurely.
Plants turn yellow green and wilt.
Plants turn yellow, wilt, and gradually or suddenly die.
Plants typically collapse just as fruiting starts.
Plants typically develop by acquiring nutrients from the soil.
Plants typically develop large patches and are difficult to control.
Plants typically die back during the dry winter months and leaves begin to emerge in spring.
Plants typically form colonies, especially in disturbed places.
Plants typically freeze back in the winter.
Plants typically grow along the shore.
Plants typically grow in open, sunny areas on moist soils in cool temperate climates.
Plants typically grow in wet to moist soils, but tolerate periods of dryness.
Plants typically have dark green leaves.
Plants typically have green leaves.
Plants typically have leaves.
Plants typically have tiny pores in the stems and leaves of the plant called stomata.
Plants typically occur in clumps where they arise from fleshy bulbous bases.
Plants typically produce their own pesticides, especially in response to perceived threats.
Plants typically require less, if any, watering during cool or wet weather.
Plants typically take two to three years to fully mature.
Plants un- thrifty, often stunted, lack vigor.
Plants undergo aerobic respiration similar to animals.
Plants undergo both photosynthesis and cellular respiration.
Plants undergo changes.
Plants undergo evolution.
Plants undergo genetic evolution.
Plants undergo growth.
Plants undergo less stress from variations in soil moisture.
Plants undergo modification.
Plants undergo photosynthesis.
Plants undergo primary growth to increase length and secondary growth to increase thickness.
Plants undergo rapid growth.
Plants undergo rapid vertical growth.
Plants undergo reaction.
Plants undergo vegetative growth.
Plants undergo vertical growth.
Plants use a different part of the air, a gas called carbon dioxide.
Plants use a process called photosynthesis to make food.
Plants use a similar process with a few differences.
Plants use a tremendous amount of water to support their leaves.
Plants use a variety of methods to prevent heavy metals from affecting their growth.
Plants use a variety of methods to reproduce.
Plants use a variety of methods to then disperse their seeds.
Plants use a variety of techniques to survive desert extremes.
Plants use air, water, and light to grow.
Plants use alternation of generations.
Plants use and store carbon dioxide when they grow.
Plants use asexual reproduction.
Plants use both processes, photosynthesis to capture the energy and respiration to use it.
Plants use burn gases.
Plants use cam photosynthesis.
Plants use carbon dioxide and sunlight to make their own food and grow.
Plants use carbon dioxide as an input to their growth.
Plants use carbon dioxide for growth.
Plants use carbon dioxide from the air for photosynthesis.
Plants use carbon dioxide from the air to make food through a process called photosynthesis.
Plants use carbon dioxide from the atmosphere for photosynthesis .
Plants use carbon dioxide gas in the process of photosynthesis , and exhale oxygen gas as waste.
Plants use carbon dioxide in photosynthesis to produce biomass, including food.
Plants use carbon dioxide to grow, absorbing it through the photosynthesis process.
Plants use carbon dioxide to make carbohydrates during photosynthesis.
Plants use carbon dioxide to make food .
Plants use carbon dioxide to make food for themselves.
Plants use carbon dioxide to make food.
Plants use carbon dioxide, water, and sunlight to make glucose.
Plants use carbon dioxide.
Plants use carbon in the from of carbon dioxide for photosynthesis.
Plants use cellulose for strength.
Plants use cellulose.
Plants use chemicals.
Plants use chlorophyll and carotenoids, both chemical pigments, to absorb light.
Plants use chlorophyll to capture the sun s energy.
Plants use chlorophyll to convert sunlight into food using a process called photosynthesis.
Plants use chlorophyll, sunlight, carbon dioxide, water and minerals in order to make food.
Plants use chlorophyll.
Plants use chloroplasts to turn sunlight into fuel to produce oxygen for their cells.
Plants use clean sea water.
Plants use clean water.
Plants use cotyledons to make sugars through photosynthesis .
Plants use cotyledons to make sugars through photosynthesis.
Plants use different approaches to achieving specific goals.
Plants use dioxide.
Plants use efficient photosynthesis.
Plants use energy from sunlight to convert the carbon dioxide into food or materials to grow.
Plants use energy from the sun in tiny energy factories called chloroplasts.
Plants use energy from the sun to grow and make food for all living things.
Plants use energy from the sun to make their own food through photosynthesis.
Plants use energy from the sun to make their own food.
Plants use energy from the sun to produce carbon dioxide and sugars.
Plants use energy.
Plants use environmental sources of energy and raw materials for their construction of glucose.
Plants use enzymes.
Plants use ferrous iron.
Plants use floral scents to attract pollinators or to repel harmful insects.
Plants use food.
Plants use for purposes.
Plants use fruit to attract animals and increase the range of their habitat.
Plants use gases.
Plants use glucose as food for energy and as a building block for growing.
Plants use glucose in the same way that other living things do.
Plants use glucose.
Plants use green pigments called chlorophylls to trap light energy.
Plants use groundwater to grow.
Plants use growth.
Plants use heat.
Plants use illegal materials.
Plants use in photosynthesis to convert carbon dioxide to oxygen.
Plants use inorganic minerals for nutrition, whether grown in the field or in a container.
Plants use internal fertilisation apart from a few aquatic non-vascular plants .
Plants use inulin to store energy.
Plants use it as an input to their growth.
Plants use it for photosynthesis.
Plants use it to build proteins, enzymes, chlorophyll, and hormones.
Plants use it to keep energy .
Plants use it to keep energy.
Plants use it with a chemical called chlorophyll to make food for plants.
Plants use latex as a defense against herbivorous insects.
Plants use leaves to absorb sunlight for the process of photosynthesis.
Plants use leaves.
Plants use light as a source of energy - it is necessary for photosynthesis to occur.
Plants use light energy to drive photosynthesis, and animals use light energy to see.
Plants use light.
Plants use light-sensitive cells called chloroplasts to absorb photons from the sun.
Plants use magnesium with iron to make their green chlorophyll.
Plants use materials.
Plants use methods.
Plants use minerals for nutrition in nature or when growing in a container.
Plants use more of the red light in photosynthesis than any other colour.
Plants use more water in spring and summer, much less in fall and winter.
Plants use much of the glucose they make.
Plants use natural gases.
Plants use nitrate to build plant tissue, which is then eaten by animals.
Plants use nitrate, and it is mostly harmless to fish.
Plants use nitrates from the soil to make proteins.
Plants use nitrogen gas from the air to make organic compounds.
Plants use nitrogen in large quantities.
Plants use nuclear energy.
Plants use nutrients found naturally in the soil and in the added compost.
Plants use nutrients.
Plants use one of two life strategies to survive.
Plants use only carbon dioxide gas from the air , water and sunlight .
Plants use only carbon dioxide gas from the air, water and sunlight.
Plants use only the nitrate form directly.
Plants use oxygen and give off carbon dioxide.
Plants use oxygen at night instead of producing it.
Plants use oxygen to change food that they have made into energy for growth.
Plants use oxygen.
Plants use pattern-recognition receptors to recognize conserved microbial signatures.
Plants use phosphorus to flower, fruit and seed.
Plants use photosynthesis as a means of obtaining energy from sunlight.
Plants use photosynthesis to convert water and carbon dioxide into biomass.
Plants use photosynthesis to convert water and carbon dioxide into glucose.
Plants use Photosynthesis to create food from sunlight and carbon dioxide.
Plants use photosynthesis to gather oxygen and transform it into energy.
Plants use photosynthesis to get their energy from the sun and use carbon dioxide to make oxygen.
Plants use photosynthesis to make food.
Plants use photosynthesis to make sugar.
Plants use photosynthesis to store energy.
Plants use photosynthesis to take carbon dioxide and water and make glucose and release oxygen.
Plants use photosynthesis to turn sunlight into chemical energy.
Plants use photosynthesis, deriving the energy from the sun.
Plants use photosynthesis.
Plants use phytochromes to sense sunlight.
Plants use pigment.
Plants use plant growth.
Plants use potassium in such functions as photosynthesis, protein formation and water use.
Plants use radiant energy.
Plants use radiation.
Plants use red and blue light most efficiently for photosynthesis and to regulate other processes .
Plants use reproduction.
Plants use resources.
Plants use roots.
Plants use scent.
Plants use sea water.
Plants use several strategies to defend against damage caused by herbivores .
Plants use several strategies to defend against damage caused by herbivores.
Plants use silica compounds as protection against predators.
Plants use silicon to strengthen their cell walls.
Plants use solar energy as food so they can grow .
Plants use solar energy as food so they can grow.
Plants use solar energy through the process of photosynthesis.
Plants use solar energy.
Plants use solar radiation.
Plants use some of the carbohydrates produced by photosynthesis as fuel for the respiration process.
Plants use some of the oxygen they produce, but most of it is released.
Plants use special structures to help solve the problems of survival.
Plants use starch as their major energy storage molecule.
Plants use starch to store energy.
Plants use starches.
Plants use stems.
Plants use sulfur in the processes of producing proteins, amino acids, enzymes and vitamins.
Plants use sunlight as a way to make energy to grow.
Plants use sunlight energy to make food through a process known as photosynthesis .
Plants use sunlight energy to make food through a process known as photosynthesis.
Plants use sunlight energy.
Plants use sunlight for energy and make carbohydrates out of carbon dioxide and water.
Plants use sunlight for photosynthesis.
Plants use sunlight in a process called photosynthesis to survive.
Plants use sunlight to convert oxygen and carbon dioxide into glucose.
Plants use sunlight to grow, then animals eat the plants.
Plants use sunlight to make energy.
Plants use sunlight to make food in their leaves.
Plants use sunlight to turn carbon dioxide from the air, and water into food.
Plants use sunlight to turn water and carbon dioxide into glucose.
Plants use sunlight, air, and water to make food.
Plants use sunlight, carbon dioxide and water to produce sugar and oxygen.
Plants use sunlight, water, and carbon dioxide to make their food.
Plants use sunlight.
Plants use the carbon dioxide and return free oxygen to the air.
Plants use the carbon dioxide that humans and animals breathe out after inhaling oxygen.
Plants use the direct light energy from the sun to grow.
Plants use the E from photosynth.
Plants use the energy from light to make sugars from carbon dioxide and water.
Plants use the energy in sunlight to make their own food.
Plants use the energy of the sun to manufacture their own sugar, by the process of photosynthesis.
Plants use the energy they receive from solar radiation in order to fuel photosynthesis.
Plants use the food they make to fuel their own growth and activities.
Plants use the glucose they create through photosynthesis as a food source to survive.
Plants use the light energy to grow.
Plants use the light energy to make their own food.
Plants use the most water during the warmest part of the day.
Plants use the nitrate ion as a nutrient or fertilizer to grow.
Plants use the nutrients from rocks, minerals and decaying plants and animals as food to grow on.
Plants use the nutrients in the soil as soon as the nutrient are put there.
Plants use the phosphates to grow, and animals that eat plants consume the phosphates in the plants.
Plants use the sugars to make food and nectar.
Plants use the sunlight to build complex molecules that store the energy.
Plants use the sun's energy and provide many animals with food.
Plants use the sun's energy for photosynthesis, which is the process they use to make nutrients.
Plants use the sun's energy to grow through a process known as photosynthesis.
Plants use the sun's energy to perform electrolysis and break down water into hydrogen and oxygen.
Plants use the sun's energy to produce the basic food for all animals, including humans.
Plants use the sun's energy to transform carbon dioxide gas and water into a sugar called glucose.
Plants use the sun's light to make food.
Plants use the water to make food .
Plants use the water to make food.
Plants use their leaves to intercept sunlight.
Plants use their leaves to make food from sunlight, water, carbon dioxide and nutrients.
Plants use their leaves to make food.
Plants use their roots to draw in water and minerals that are transported upward into the leaves.
Plants use their roots to take up nitrogen available in the soil.
Plants use underground stems.
Plants use up carbon dioxide in the atmosphere during photosynthesis and release oxygen.
Plants use various techniques to attract their particular animal partners.
Plants use vegetative reproduction.
Plants use water to cool themselves, produce food, grow and reproduce.
Plants use water to make food.
Plants use water, carbon dioxide and light energy to make sugar.
Plants use water.
Plants used for screening sometimes have a short life span.
Plants used in landscaping provide a source of seeds for invading disturbed areas nearby.
Plants utilize all colors in photosynthesis.
Plants utilize ammonia preferentially over other sources of nitrogen.
Plants utilize carbon dioxide in water during photosynthesis to produce oxygen.
Plants utilize carbon dioxide, produce food, release oxygen, and purify water.
Plants utilize energy.
Plants utilize evolution.
Plants utilize nutrients throughout their entire system from the roots to the pollen.
Plants utilize simple chemicals as hormones, which move more easily through the plant's tissues.
Plants utilize solar energy.
Plants utilize the nitrate ions as a nutrient or fertilizer for growth.
Plants vary according to the water supply.
Plants vary diurnally in concentrations of nonstructural carbohydrates.
Plants vary enormously in the amount of phytoestrogens they contain.
Plants vary greatly in size, from knee high to eight feet tall.
Plants vary greatly in their intervals from seeding to maturity.
Plants vary greatly in their requirement for molybdenum.
Plants vary greatly.
Plants vary in flower color, bloom time, height, foliage texture and environmental requirements.
Plants vary in height, length of leaves, time of flowering, and clump diameter.
Plants vary in height.
Plants vary in susceptibility to pathogens.
Plants vary in the amount of nitrate that accumulates in various tissues.
Plants vary in the amount of sunlight they require for optimum growth.
Plants vary in the speed and ease in which they root from cuttings.
Plants vary in the way they respond to rotational grazing.
Plants vary in their expression of drought stress.
Plants vary in their minimum and maximum temperature requirements.
Plants vary in their requirements for sunlight, soil conditions, and irrigation.
Plants vary in their response to various wavelengths.
Plants vary in their sensitivity to salt.
Plants vary in their susceptibility to different pollutants.
Plants vary in their susceptibility to sun scald.
Plants vary in their water requirements.
Plants vary tremendously in what constitutes a healthy leaf color.
Plants vary widely in their requirement for light.
Plants vegetatively reproduce from rhizomes, rhizome and stem fragments, and layering.
Plants wage a constant battle with insects, relying heavily on chemical warfare.
Plants weakened by drought or root rots are more prone to cold injury.
Plants weakened by it quickly fall victim to fungus gnats and aphids.
Plants weakened by stress are also more susceptible to disease and insect damage.
Plants weakened by stress are also more susceptible to disease and insects.
Plants will have blossoms.
Plants will have female flowers.
Plants will have flowers.
Plants will have green leaves.
Plants will have leaves.
Plants will have roots.
Plants will have solid green leaves.
Plants wilt suddenly and die, with leaves clinging to dead plants.
Plants wither and die for lack of rain.
Plants wither and die in patches.
Plants wither and fade.
Plants wither, trees become barren of leaves.
Plants withstand long periods of drought, as they produce little growth in dry weather.
Plants woody, trees or shrubs.
Plants work by cleaning the air and neutralizing pollution.
Plants work well in beds, border, containers and baskets.
Plants work well used as informal borders and flowers are good for cutting.
Plants yield abundant flowers.
Plants yield flowers.
Plants yield fruit.
Plants yield nectar.
Plants yield orange flowers.
Plants yield plants.
Plants yield pollen.
Plants yield seeds.
Plants yield water.
Plants yield yellow flowers.
Plants always make wonderful gifts.
Plant often branches toward tip.
Plant often die from the weakening of the lower stem.
Plants often appear compressed to the soil, as if they have been repeatedly stepped on.
Plants often appear dwarfed and leaves at the growing tip are distorted.
Plants often are chlorotic or purplish, wilted, stunted and weak.
Plants often become unkempt and straggly by late summer.
Plants often bunchy and stunted, with curled and twisted stalks.
Plants often collapse and die during hot weather.
Plants often contain minerals that are taken up from the soil they are grown in.
Plants often develop chemicals that act as poisons making an animal sick or even killing it.
Plants often die be- fore blooming.
Plants often die early.
Plants often die in patches and the disease commonly produces circular patterns in the bed.
Plants often die within a few days.
Plants often die.
Plants often drop leaves while becoming acclimated to a new environment.
Plants often form dense colonies that displace native vegetation and wildlife.
Plants often grow more broad than high.
Plants often have a rotted appearance.
Plants often have perfect root systems and no disease lesions on stems.
Plants often have sentimental value that far exceeds their actual monetary value.
Plants often have what appear as dead stems.
Plants often lean, break, or blow over.
Plants often look much worse after cultivation than before.
Plants often loose their variegation when they are grown with too little light.
Plants often occur in moderately dense, though often small, patches.
Plants often recover if the disease is controlled early enough.
Plants often reproduce asexually by what is known as vegetative reproduction.
Plants often reproduce asexually.
Plants often respond poorly under high levels of fertilization.
Plants often respond to different stresses in a similar fashion.
Plants often respond to external stimuli through growth.
Plants often root from the stem nodes if the nodes are buried in sand.
Plants often shed basal leaves after flowering begins.
Plants often show no symptoms until they are mature and bearing heavily.
Plants often spread by runners, underground stems that grow horizontally.
Plants often start from a tiny seed, and grow into a big tree.
Plants often store nutrition as starch.
Plants often store waste inside of leaves.
Plants often suffocate when planted too deep.
Plants often take root at the node and produce new shoots.
Plants often tassel prematurely.
Plants often thrive in citrus groves, competing with trees for water, nutrients, and light.
Plants often thrive in kitchen windows and brightly lit bathrooms because of the humidity.
Plants often tiller ex- cessively.
Plants often turn whitish when dried.
Plants often wilt, turn yellow, and die.
Plants sometimes exhibit wilt symptoms with narrow, stunted, mottled leaves.
Plants sometimes store toxic compounds in hairs on the surfaces of their leaves.
Plants usually acquire tree forms.
Plants usually are infected with the disease-causing bacteria long before they show any symptoms.
Plants usually contain about half as much chl b as chl a.
Plants usually die before pro- ducing seed.
Plants usually die in patches.
Plants usually die.
Plants usually do that to nonuseful proteins.
Plants usually flower their second year, but some act as annuals and bloom the first.
Plants usually fruit by their fourth year, and bear full crops after the eighth year.
Plants usually go dormant and turn brown during the cool season where nighttime frosts are common.
Plants usually grow at edge of forest.
Plants usually grow luxuriantly in pure compost.
Plants usually make their own food.
Plants usually outgrows the pot before the media starts staying soggy.
Plants usually perk up with water just as children perk up with good words and smiles from parents.
Plants usually produce small quantities of viable seed.
Plants usually recover in the same or the following season.
Plants usually recover when the weather becomes warm and dry.
Plants usually reproduce by forming seeds through sexual reproduction.
Plants usually require a certain 'photo-period' or time during which they have light.
Plants usually respond favorably by producing new, dark green growth.
Plants usually resume their normal forms as the snow melts.
Plants usually suffer one way or another.
Plants usually thrive in moist environments.
Plants usually use the lighter carbon dioxide first, before tapping into the heavier isotope.
All plants absorb essential minerals, including iron, manganese, and zinc.
All plants act as a sink for carbon dioxide because it is a necessary gas for photosynthesis.
All plants are able to prevent, destroy, repel or mitigate pests.
All plants are about waist height.
All plants are also susceptible to the high temperatures.
All plants are container grown and shipped in their containers .
All plants are container grown with at least one full season of growth.
All plants are different ramets.
All plants are diploid.
All plants are double fan unless specified in price list.
All plants are double fans and shipped bareroot.
All plants are eukaryotes.
All plants are extremely hardy, good soil holders and suitable for Island planting.
All plants are first and foremost military plants.
All plants are Fully Guaranteed.
All plants are genetically identical, which prevents evolution of disease resistance.
All plants are great for keeping nature in balance .
All plants are guaranteed true to name and healthy, the garden is state inspected.
All plants are harvested manually.
All plants are hydroelectric.
All plants are in the United States.
All plants are labeled, so no great skill is required.
All plants are like that.
All plants are live plants.
All plants are more susceptible to invasion by insects and diseases when under stress.
All plants are multi-cellular and each plant cell is surrounded by a cell wall.
All plants are multicellular eukaryotes and photosynthetic autotrophs.
All plants are multicellular eukaryotes with the capacity for photosynthesis.
All plants are multicellular.
All plants are native to the area and, once established, require minimal care.
All plants are nursery propagated.
All plants are of adult flowering size, and supplied as dormant rhizomes ready for planting.
All plants are of bearing age and have large flavorful berries.
All plants are of bush type.
All plants are of nursery origin.
All plants are on a timed drip system, which minimizes water waste.
All plants are on sale.
All plants are on their own roots, but there are no signs of root rots.
All plants are open pollinated unless otherwise indicated.
All plants are our brothers and sisters.
All plants are perennial unless marked otherwise.
All plants are phototropic, meaning they respond to all forms of light.
All plants are quality checked at the time of shipping.
All plants are relatively large, and hence none are generally considered microbes.
All plants are rooted cuttings.
All plants are seed or cutting grown.
All plants are seed raised, in the United Kingdom, on their own roots.
All plants are seedlings, no cuttings or field collected plants.
All plants are small transplants, or bare-root stock.
All plants are state inspected and guaranteed true to name.
All plants are state inspected.
All plants are susceptible to desiccation.
All plants are thought to have evolved from a green algal- like ancestor.
All plants are toxic if abused.
All plants are trees.
All plants are vines, unless otherwise indicated.
All plants are well adjusted to the place where they live.
All plants are wild and most are certified organic.
All plants are wild.
All plants are winter hardy growm in Northeastern Ohio.
All plants attempt to adjust to osmotic moisture stress caused by salinity.
All plants begin life as a single seed.
All plants belong to kingdom plantae.
All plants benefit from adequate soil moisture once planted.
All plants benefit from fertilization and old roses are no exception.
All plants benefit greatly from well prepared soil.
All plants bloom together, which turns summer into a wonderland of colour.
All plants can be grwn in intermediate conditions.
All plants carry on a more or less active gaseous interchange with the surrounding atmosphere.
All plants come originally from the bush.
All plants come with a one season guarantee.
All plants come with care instructions and a bag of cinder.
All plants come with care instructions.
All plants compete for water, nutrients and light.
All plants compete for water, space, light and nutrients.
All plants contain a light-reactive pigment called phytochrome.
All plants contain both soluble and insoluble fibres.
All plants contain compounds called polyphenols.
All plants contain phytochemicals that can help to prevent disease.
All plants contain phytochemicals.
All plants contain starch also.
All plants contain water, but it can be difficult to reach.
All plants die after flowering.
All plants draw water into their roots and up through the stalks, stems, or leaves.
All plants exhibit alternation of generations .
All plants experience life in cycles.
All plants fall into certain categories.
All plants fall into one of two categories.
All plants fall into two basic categories, flowering, and nonflowering.
All plants feature sales people experienced in customized citrus programs.
All plants fluoresce.
All plants go through a cycle with a haploid gametophyte alternating with a diploid sporophyte .
All plants go through a cycle with a haploid gametophyte alternating with a diploid sporophyte.
All plants go through life cycles.
All plants go through periods of growth, maturity and decline.
All plants grow and adapt to their environment.
All plants grow by soaking up carbon dioxide from the air during photosynthesis.
All plants grow incredibly well under metal halide lamps.
All plants grow together and support each other.
All plants grow with no supplemental water.
All plants has pictures and several attributes.
All plants have a basic complement of chromosomes.
All plants have a certain climate that they grow best.
All plants have a common name and a Latin name.
All plants have a dormant stage when the roots are getting deeper.
All plants have a life cycle that gets each plant through the haploid and diploid generations.
All plants have a life cycle, but it can be different from plant to plant.
All plants have a life span.
All plants have a photo and a short description.
All plants have a specific pH range in which they grow and thrive best.
All plants have a ten-day money back guarantee.
All plants have an endogenous RNA-dependent RNA polymerase.
All plants have an inherent capacity to produce at a certain run rate.
All plants have an optional temperature at which they function the best.
All plants have bonsai nature when worked on by someone who has what is needed to grow bonsai.
All plants have certain requirements like water, nutrients and light.
All plants have chloroplasts indicating their decent from a common ancestor.
All plants have different requirements, often directly related to their native environment.
All plants have different watering requirements.
All plants have dormant stages.
All plants have eukaryote cells.
All plants have gametophyte stage and sporophyte stage.
All plants have growing points where new cells are developed.
All plants have healing abilities.
All plants have inadequate fire protection.
All plants have life cycles with an alternation of generations .
All plants have many attributes and a descriptive text.
All plants have natural defence mechanisms.
All plants have seeds.
All plants have specific soil, water, nutrient, and light requirements for optimum growth.
All plants have the potential to cause some physiological reaction.
All plants have the power of propagating themselves.
All plants have the same amount of carbohydrate reserves in their roots.
All plants have the same heredity and are quite uniform when grown under the same conditions.
All plants have the same life cycle, called alteration of generations.
All plants have their own set of particular dynamics.
All plants heat very pure water in boilers to produce steam.
All plants here are of the same sex and can therefore only use vegetative amplification.
All plants including daisies do photosynthesis.
All plants leave our nurseries in excellent condition.
All plants listed are full grown, blooming sized plants.
All plants listed are hardy perennials unless otherwise indicated.
All plants listed are in limited quantities.
All plants listed below are easy to grow from seed and are heat and drought resistant.
All plants live and grow by photosynthesis.
All plants lose water from their leaf and stem surfaces to the air.
All plants make fruits, which all contain seeds.
All plants make sugar.
All plants make varying amounts of salicylate.
ALL plants manufacture salicylates, and many do so in large quantities.
All plants move iron to seeds with a special biochemical.
All plants occur in fairly low numbers and there are no exact population figures.
All plants offered are nursery propagated.
All plants offered are well rooted, most being seed grown.
All plants offered by Aesthetic Gardens are of the finest quality.
All plants perform photosynthesis.
All plants produce effluent suitable for re-use.
All plants produce flowers for the same reason, to make seeds so another plant can grow.
All plants produce oxygen through the process of photosynthesis.
All plants produce the same amount of pollen.
All plants produce toxins to protect themselves against fungi, insect and animal predators.
All plants rely either directly or indirectly on plants for their energy.
All plants remove chemicals from the air to some degree.
All plants remove waste through the stomata on their leaves, and marijuana plants are no different.
All plants represent true leaders in their field, offering quality products and excellent service.
All plants reproduce through alternating generations.
All plants reproduce using flowers.
All plants reproduce using seeds.
All plants require a source of carbon.
All plants require care and attention.
All plants require certain chemical elements for proper growth and appearance.
All plants require certain essential elements for proper growth.
All plants require certain nutrients for good growth.
All plants require four things.
All plants require inspection upon entry into the state.
All plants require light as their energy source in photosynthesis.
All plants require nutrients in order to grow and reproduce.
All plants require nutrients in order to maintain healthy growth, and bonsai are no exception.
All plants require nutrients, water, light, and air to grow.
All plants require partial to full sun and bloom summer to late fall.
All plants require regular watering until their roots are established.
All plants require small amounts of boron for growth.
All plants require some light whether natural or artificial.
All plants require some natural light.
All plants require sunlight to make their food.
All plants require sunlight, carbon dioxide, and water for photosynthesis.
All plants require sunlight, carbon dioxide, water, and soil nutrients for photosynthesis.
All plants require water for metabolic and physiological functioning.
All plants require water in order to grow and thrive.
All plants resist pests and disease if they are healthy.
All plants respond to pruning in different ways.
All plants respond to stress by reproducing through either sexual or vegetative reproduction.
All plants slaughter young, healthy, and uniform animals.
All plants start out identical.
All plants take two generations to complete one life cycle.
All plants take up nitrates from which they produce all their essential nitrogenous compounds.
All plants transform air into a more oxygen-rich variety.
All plants use carbon dioxide to live and maples are no exception.
All plants use carbon dioxide to live.
Any plant can burst into flame during severe fire danger weather.
Any plant daring to grow more than a few inches above the ground falls prey to the wind.
Any plant has the potential to induce such proteins under certain conditions.
Any plant is to be considered an 'herb'.
Any plant occurring in a field other than a wild blueberry is considered a weed.
Every plant can adapt to a range of environments.
Every plant comes with care instructions and a personalized gift card.
Every plant has a distinct form.
Every plant has a place and a purpose, and no plant seems to suffer from insects or fungi.
Every plant has a place of origin, a past, present and hopefully, a future.
Every plant has a special story to tell.
Every plant has a story to tell.
Every plant has a story.
Every plant has a unique form and structure and is made up of several distinct organs.
Every plant has it's own instructional plaque, describing it's uses, medicinal and otherwise.
Every plant has only one correct name.
Every plant has purpose.
Every plant has some medicinal properties and many are yet to be discovered.
Every plant is adapted to a certain set of growing conditions.
Every plant is an elegant, highly ordered, purposeful expression of nature's intelligence.
Every plant is developed from a seed.
Every plant is different.
Every plant is full of natural pesticides it uses to kill insects.
Every plant is inspected before it is shipped out.
Every plant is made up of many naturally occurring chemical constituents.
Every plant is so unique and beautiful.
Every plant needs specific nutrients to flourish.
Every plant produces hundreds of seeds.
Every plant sold raises much-needed funds.
Many plant leaves contain substances distasteful to insects.
Many plant pathogens overwinter in the garden on infected plant debris.
Many plant species self-fertilise in the wild, but the great majority have occasional outcrossing.
Many plant toxins cause diseases of the central nervous system.
Many plants accumulate proline in response to water stress.
Many plants achieve the same end in a more pleasant way.
Many plants actually manufacture the same product with various names and price points.
Many plants also change their shape, or lose their blooms when regulary pruned.
Many plants also have a chlorotic response to sudden changes in soil moisture.
Many plants also have some sugar water called nectar in their flowers which insects can eat.
Many plants also produce flowers, which are their reproductive organs.
Many plants also reproduce asexually .
Many plants also reproduce asexually.
Many plants also serve as habitat.
Many plants alter their position when they go to sleep at night.
Many plants are able to propagate themselves using asexual reproduction.
Many plants are able to reproduce asexually.
Many plants are able to tide over unfavourable conditions.
Many plants are also capable of reproducing by parthenogenesis.
Many plants are aquatic, including seaweeds .
Many plants are associated with ancestral beings.
Many plants are available and conductive to water culture.
Many plants are available in limited quantities only.
Many plants are capable of asexual reproduction.
Many plants are capable of hybridizing between species and even genera.
Many plants are capable of regenerating their entire root systems from a single cutting.
Many plants are capable of reproducing both asexually and sexually.
Many plants are carriers of plant viruses but show no disease.
Many plants are colorful and children are attracted to the leaves, flowers and fruits.
Many plants are dead, others are dying, symptoms are on all leaves from the top to the bottom.
Many plants are edible and medicinal.
Many plants are endemic to the area.
Many plants are good for attracting butterflies.
Many plants are green.
Many plants are highly toxic and can be dangerous.
Many plants are hosts to the virus.
Many plants are immature, but the general plan is becoming clear.
Many plants are in a dormant state in winter.
Many plants are in bloom and available at nurseries.
Many plants are intolerant of having their roots submerged for extended periods of time.
Many plants are just gastrointestinal irritants and cause vomiting.
Many plants are labeled.
Many plants are naturally resistant to pests or have been bred to be so.
Many plants are parasitic upon others.
Many plants are perennial, including trees, shrubs, and bulbs.
Many plants are photoperiodic.
Many plants are poisonous or can cause diarrhea or vomiting.
Many plants are poisonous to animals in varying degrees of toxicity.
Many plants are poisonous to animals.
Many plants are poisonous.
Many plants are preserved as three-dimensional casts or as carbonized impressions.
Many plants are sensitive to dry heat and intense sun.
Many plants are sensitive to the hours of daylight and darkness they receive.
Many plants are senstivie to oil sprays.
Many plants are struggling with our dry, hot weather, so continue to water.
Many plants are suitable for growing in terrariums.
Many plants are susceptible to many types of the disease.
Many plants are symptomless carriers.
Many plants are too strong to take internally safely.
Many plants are toxic and unsafe for human use, including marijuana.
Many plants are toxic or potentially toxic to sheep.
Many plants are toxic when eaten, and little kids do love to explore things with their mouths.
Many plants are unable to survive in such a harsh environment.
Many plants are unique to the mountain.
Many plants are used to flavor foods.
Many plants are very beautiful with attractive flowers and foliage.
Many plants are very large, some over a half meter tall.
Many plants attract bees with the color of their flowers and nectar.
Many plants bear flowers that favour certain types of pollinator over all others.
Many plants become leggy or spindly during the long growing season here in our area.
Many plants begin sending up shoots before the cold treatment is complete.
Many plants being introduced today do represent significant improvements over older types.
Many plants bloom at night and use special odors or flower shapes to attract bats.
Many plants break down chlorophyll even after a freeze.
Many plants can accumulate heavy metals from the soil in large amounts.
Many plants can be poisonous.
Many plants can be toxic when touched or eaten.
Many plants can carry a big environmental price tag.
Many plants can deactivate or metabolize a herbicide before plant injury occurs.
Many plants can do either sexual or asexual reproduction or both.
Many plants can grow from runners or cuttings.
Many plants can grow in any or all of the three zones.
Many plants can grow in seawater, but none of the crop plants can.
Many plants can grow new plants asexually from their plant parts.
Many plants can grow roots on a cutting.
Many plants can outgrow minor damage.
Many plants can regenerate completely from differentiated cells.
Many plants can reproduce asexually by sending out runners or producing sucker shoots.
Many plants can reproduce asexually.
Many plants can reproduce both sexually and by vegetative propagation.
Many plants can reproduce only with the help of other plants.
Many plants can use ammonia directly.
Many plants carry naturally-occurring DNA fragments called transposable elements .
Many plants cause allergic rhinitis symptoms.
Many plants cause nausea, vomiting, abdominal cramps and diarrhea.
Many plants change dramatically and are equally attractive in other seasons.
Many plants climb up closer to the canopy where there is more light.
Many plants commonly found in yards and gardens contain poisons.
Many plants compete with neighboring ones for sunlight.
Many plants completely lack stipules.
Many plants contain chemicals that are toxic to insects.
Many plants contain chemicals that prevent cancer or heart attacks.
Many plants contain flammable chemicals and burn fiercely.
Many plants contain high levels of saponin, which is very soapy stuff.
Many plants contain more than one reactor.
Many plants contain pro- tective secondary compounds that are more or less toxic to herbivores.
Many plants contain several medicinal ingredients, which work together in harmony.
Many plants contain small amounts of naturally occurring toxic chemicals.
Many plants contain toxic substances.
Many plants degenerate and die rather suddenly toward the end of their reproductive phase.
Many plants depend on animals for pollination.
Many plants depend on animals to spread their pollen.
Many plants depend on animals to thrive.
Many plants depend on bats to carry pollen and disperse seeds.
Many plants depend on birds for pollination and seed dispersal.
Many plants depend on hummingbirds for pollination.
Many plants depend on insects for pollination.
Many plants develop adaptations to regrow even after fire events.
Many plants die back in winter, keeping only their roots alive 'til spring.
Many plants die because the soil becomes too warm.
Many plants die before harvest.
Many plants die from too little or too much water during the first few months after planting.
Many plants die if their roots become too wet.
Many plants do better when grown in presence of others.
Many plants do contain substances that produce therapeutic effects within the body.
Many plants do great outside in the summer, but eventually they do have to come back indoors.
Many plants easily grow back and there is usually good recovery after a fire.
Many plants emit isoprene, a hydrocarbon that has important influences on atmospheric chemistry.
Many plants escape slug damage.
Many plants exude substances to repel insects.
Many plants florish here as well, of all colors and sizes.
Many plants flower only part of the year to preserve water.
Many plants form a partnership between their root systems and soil fungi called myccorhizae.
Many plants form callus tissues from the inoculation of different colonies of mutant bacteria.
Many plants form one or more layers of palisade- tissue even when growing in the deepest shade.
Many plants form roots easily in water or soil.
Many plants form unusual hybrids or adopt strange behaviours because of the unusual conditions.
Many plants generate pups or lateral shoots which arise from the lateral areoles of the cacti.
Many plants germinate from seed, mature, produce flower or fruit, reproduce, and die in one season.
Many plants go into a rest period or dormancy during part of the year.
Many plants grow close to the ground, below the cold winds.
Many plants grow faster in an atmosphere with higher carbon dioxide.
Many plants grow in areas protected from the rains.
Many plants grow up with the rising waters to become emerging aquatics at high flood.
Many plants grow well and look good in baskets, but ferns are probably the most highly prized.
Many plants grown in temperate climates have a negative response to high temperatures .
Many plants hang from the ceiling.
Many plants have a condensate-return system to return condensed steam for reuse in boilers.
Many plants have a 'neighbourhood watch' scheme.
Many plants have a very precise built-in clock.
Many plants have aesthetic value as ornamentals and, thus, improve the quality of our lives.
Many plants have beneficial properties that help prevent or reduce the symptoms of heart disease.
Many plants have beneficial symbiotic relationships with mycorrhizal fungi .
Many plants have colorful flowers or berries.
Many plants have colorful histories, but none more so than herbs.
Many plants have flowers and pods that can be dried for arrangements and wreaths.
Many plants have flowers that add color to our landscape.
Many plants have flowers that are pretty and brightly colored.
Many plants have fungi growing inside the plant body.
Many plants have intranet sites to aid communications.
Many plants have less of one or two of the essential amino acids.
Many plants have male and female reproductive organs in the same flower.
Many plants have neither, and they have had no problems.
Many plants have poisonous look alikes.
Many plants have poisonous parts.
Many plants have properties that lie somewhere between the extremes of toxic and safe.
Many plants have rhizomes without tubers.
Many plants have root hairs on their roots.
Many plants have roots that grow deep in the ground, where the most water can be found.
Many plants have secondary metabolites that are estrogenic.
Many plants have seeds that use water as a means of dispersal.
Many plants have self-sterility factors which force cross pollination.
Many plants have several different species that are hummingbird-attractive.
Many plants have several lines of defense against pathogen attack.
Many plants have severe nitrification problems during the colder winter period.
Many plants have small, needle-like leaves that help to conserve water.
Many plants have some defence against herbivores .
Many plants have some defence against herbivores.
Many plants have substantial commercial value as collectors' items or are popular as decoration.
Many plants have their leaves submerged.
Many plants have their root systems above the ground.
Many plants have thorns and spines.
Many plants have tussock or cush- ion growth forms.
Many plants have very large leaves.
Many plants have waxy coatings on some surfaces.
Many plants here have fragrant flowers, and aromatic foliage abounds.
Many plants included here are hardy to zero degrees.
Many plants including gymnosperms and the dicotyledonous angiosperms are capable of producing wood.
Many plants known to be hyperaccumulators of nickel occur on serpentinized peridotites.
Many plants live for more than two years.
Many plants live in the rainforest.
Many plants look alike, and a deadly poison can easily be mistaken for one that is harmless.
Many plants look the same, eg.
Many plants lose much of the remaining energy on growing roots.
Many plants lose parts in times of stress.
Many plants lose their leaves or wither and die.
Many plants make great homes for animals.
Many plants naturally occur in only one or two positions in the landscape.
Many plants offer winter berries, seeds, and pods for birds and other wildlife.
Many plants offered are available in very limited quantities.
Many plants outgrow their neighbors or the terrarium.
Many plants owe their existence to fungi.
Many plants prefer cold weather.
Many plants produce an aromatic substance that are the essential oils.
Many plants produce an aromatic substance which are the essential oils.
Many plants produce chemicals which change the behaviour , growth , or survival of herbivores .
Many plants produce chemicals which change the behaviour, growth, or survival of herbivores.
Many plants produce flowers.
Many plants produce food for people.
Many plants produce large numbers of seed to improve the chances at least some seeds surviving.
Many plants produce noxious compounds that inhibit feeding by herbivorous insects.
Many plants produce oils which are important commercial products.
Many plants produce seeds.
Many plants produce substances that are toxic to other plants.
Many plants produce their own pesticides for self-protection.
Many plants protect themselves against grazing animals with thorns and poisonous chemicals.
Many plants provide both cover and food.
Many plants provide enough protein to keep the body at normal efficiency.
Many plants provide seeds.
Many plants reach the limits of their ranges here.
Many plants recover and bloom the following year.
Many plants reject their own pollen to avoid the detrimental effects of inbreeding.
Many plants release chemicals which suppress a wide spectrum of weeds.
Many plants release their scent freely with their fragrance drifting great distances.
Many plants rely on bats to spread their seeds and to pollinate flowers.
Many plants rely on insect pollinators to carry the pollen from one plant to the next.
Many plants rely on the leaf system for gathering the water into pockets, or onto scales.
Many plants rely on the wind to disperse their seeds.
Many plants remain to be investigated.
Many plants reproduce by a mixture of outcrossing and self-fertilization.
Many plants reproduce by fragmentation or runners.
Many plants reproduce by seeds.
Many plants reproduce by vegetative propagation, a form of natural cloning.
Many plants reproduce through pollinators, and some are disappearing.
Many plants require a cold treatment to induce flowering.
Many plants require a dose of thousands of rads to stop seed germination or growth.
Many plants require bright sunlight, but many others have adapted to growing in the shade.
Many plants require genetic material from another clone or variety in order to set fruit.
Many plants require large amounts of water in their daily lives.
Many plants require more nutrients than can be obtained from the native soil.
Many plants require roots.
Many plants respond to cutting back.
Many plants respond to density in a scramble-like fashion through reduction in individual growth.
Many plants respond to iron-deficiency stress by modifying root physiology.
Many plants root in limestone crevices.
Many plants root when a branch is bent sharply upward.
Many plants send out shoots or runners that are simply extensions of themselves.
Many plants set more flowers than the plant can develop fruit.
Many plants shed their leaves during dry temperature to conserve water and moisture.
Many plants spread their pollen by the air.
Many plants stop making food in the fall.
Many plants store such toxins in seeds.
Many plants suited for terrariums require high humidity.
Many plants synthesize ecdysteroids.
Many plants take longer to grow from seed than our growing season allows.
Many plants thrive nearby.
Many plants thrive on it as a nutritional supplement and quickly absorb it.
Many plants turn brown and develop a dead side when too close to a home or fence.
Many plants use active dispersal mechanisms, like wind, for dispersal.
Many plants use animals to disperse their seeds in another complex coevolutionary process.
Many plants use coal as the fuel source.
Many plants use it to track items in production and in warehouses.
Many plants use their tunnels as an easy way of extending their root systems.
Many plants use underground runners to clone themselves.
More plant stems and more flowers.
More plants die due to over-watering than drought, ask any professional gardener.
More plants die from lack of water in autumn than from winter kill.
More plants die from over watering than under watering.
More plants die from overwatering than from any other cause.
More plants die from overwatering than from being dry.
More plants die from over-watering than from being on the dry side.
More plants die from overwatering than from lack of water.
More plants equal more electricity equals no crisis.
More plants grown in containers fail from improper watering than from any other cause.
More plants mean more primary consumers.
More plants means more animals.
More plants probably die from water related problems than any other reason.
More plants seem to be found in heavily grazed pastures.
More plants spawn more beetles.
Most plant bugs cause damage.
Most plant stems produce roots.
Most plant toxins cause diseases.
Most plant toxins cause problems.
Most plants absorb carbon dioxide.
Most plants absorb dioxide.
Most plants absorb energy.
Most plants absorb heat.
Most plants absorb light.
Most plants absorb most of their water through their roots.
Most plants absorb nutrients.
Most plants absorb solar energy.
Most plants absorb solar heat.
Most plants absorb sunlight.
Most plants absorb water from the soil through their roots.
Most plants absorb water.
Most plants accumulate excess woody material and all shed some seasonal foliage.
Most plants accumulate nitrate.
Most plants acquire energy.
Most plants acquire heat.
Most plants acquire light.
Most plants acquire nutrition.
Most plants acquire sunlight.
Most plants adapt to aquatic environments.
Most plants adapt to areas.
Most plants adapt to arid climates.
Most plants adapt to arid conditions.
Most plants adapt to arid environments.
Most plants adapt to climate conditions.
Most plants adapt to climates.
Most plants adapt to conditions.
Most plants adapt to different conditions.
Most plants adapt to different environmental conditions.
Most plants adapt to dry conditions.
Most plants adapt to dry habitats.
Most plants adapt to dryness.
Most plants adapt to environmental conditions.
Most plants adapt to environments.
Most plants adapt to extreme conditions.
Most plants adapt to extreme dryness.
Most plants adapt to habitats.
Most plants adapt to life.
Most plants adapt to local climates.
Most plants adapt to low calcium environments.
Most plants adapt to regions.
Most plants adapt to salty habitats.
Most plants adapt to severe conditions.
Most plants adapt to sites.
Most plants adapt to sunlight.
Most plants adapt to survival.
Most plants adapt to unique environments.
Most plants adapt to wet conditions.
Most plants add values.
Most plants advertise their readiness to mate.
Most plants affect evolution.
Most plants also contain drinkable water.
Most plants also have one or more common names.
Most plants are able to conserve water using waxy cuticles and pores which regulate air exchange.
Most plants are autotroph since they use the sun power to generate their body.
Most plants are autotrophs, as are many protists and bacteria .
Most plants are autotrophs.
Most plants are capable of asexual reproduction .
Most plants are committed to producing the safest food possible.
Most plants are consumed by deer.
Most plants are consumed by livestock.
Most plants are dioecious, but some are monoecious.
Most plants are dioecious.
Most plants are diploid they have two identical sets of chromosomes in each cell.
Most plants are diploid which means they have two identical sets of chromosomes in each cell.
Most plants are distinguished from plants.
Most plants are dormant, though several important species wait until now to flower.
Most plants are easiest to identify when they are in flower.
Most plants are easy enough to grow, but some are unique in their needs.
Most plants are eaten by animals.
Most plants are endemic.
Most plants are evergreen with large, dark green, leathery leaves.
Most plants are for four inch pots and some are even for six inch pots.
Most plants are green and growing.
Most plants are green because they contain a substance called chlorophyll.
Most plants are green, but in the fall, the mechanism for feeding the plant is cut off.
Most plants are hermaphroditic, gaining reproductive success through both male and female functions.
Most plants are immediately available.
Most plants are incomplete because any given plant product only provides a couple of amino acids.
Most plants are like human beings they weren t born to last forever.
Most plants are long-lived perennial plants.
Most plants are modular and are certainly the most obvious group of modular organisms.
Most plants are native to a certain region, usually encompassing many states.
Most plants are now in flower.
Most plants are planted out with three laterals, thi s is then reduced to two.
Most plants are polar.
Most plants are producers because they have chlorophyll and produce their own food.
Most plants are producers.
Most plants are renennials, with underground roots that survive year after year.
Most plants are resistant to most viruses.
Most plants are self-fruitful.
Most plants are sessile and multicellular, with relatively complex and specialized cells.
Most plants are short, drought-loving plants.
Most plants are tightly in bud, awaiting warmer days to bloom.
Most plants are top quality and shipped well-packaged.
Most plants are toxic or poisonous if chewed.
Most plants are toxic, though beautiful to look at.
Most plants are unable to tolerate continuous submergence of their roots.
Most plants are useful, some are harmful, but all are colorful and interesting.
Most plants are vascular plants and have vascular tissues.
Most plants are vascular.
Most plants attain height.
Most plants attain maximum height.
Most plants attain size.
Most plants attract animal pollinators.
Most plants attract animals.
Most plants attract attention.
Most plants attract beetles.
Most plants attract birds.
Most plants attract butterflies.
Most plants attract cucumber beetles.
Most plants attract deer.
Most plants attract goldfinches.
Most plants attract herbivores.
Most plants attract insects.
Most plants attract ladybirds.
Most plants attract native pollinators.
Most plants attract pollinators.
Most plants bear blue flowers.
Most plants bear female flowers.
Most plants bear flowers.
Most plants bear male flowers.
Most plants bear pale blue flowers.
Most plants bear pale flowers.
Most plants bear yellow flowers.
Most plants become buds.
Most plants become food.
Most plants become leaves.
Most plants become nuisances.
Most plants become parasitic vines.
Most plants become vines.
Most plants begin from seeds.
Most plants begin life as germinating seeds.
Most plants begin to flower when they first experience a night period of a particular length.
Most plants belong to families.
Most plants belong to few plant families.
Most plants belong to genus.
Most plants belong to legume families.
Most plants belong to lily families.
Most plants belong to parsley families.
Most plants belong to plantain families.
Most plants belong to sunflower families.
Most plants belong to taxonomic genus.
Most plants benefit from a seedling stage.
Most plants benefit from a topping of mulch.
Most plants benefit from manure.
Most plants benefit from regular feedings during the growing season.
Most plants break down substances.
Most plants can go for a week between watering.
Most plants can grow successfully in a range of zones.
Most plants can only soak up a small amount of water at a time, the rest is wasted.
Most plants can operate beyond their indicated capacities.
Most plants can stand several days alone with little or no damage.
Most plants can store nutrients for later use.
Most plants can t grow in Antarctica.
Most plants can then live without further watering for two weeks.
Most plants can tolerate moderate numbers of aphids without great damage.
Most plants can tough out high temperatures.
Most plants capture energy.
Most plants capture light.
Most plants capture radiant energy.
Most plants carry pollen.
Most plants cause allergies.
Most plants cause skin allergies.
Most plants come from little tiny seeds.
Most plants come from seeds.
Most plants come from tiny seeds.
Most plants come with care instructions specified for the type of plant.
Most plants commonly grown in shade gardens are purely ornamental.
Most plants compete for higher spots on trees to receive more sunlight.
Most plants compete with host plants.
Most plants compete with plants.
Most plants compete with weeds.
Most plants consist of leaves.
Most plants consist of long tap roots.
Most plants consist of roots.
Most plants consist of short stems.
Most plants consist of single stems.
Most plants consist of stems.
Most plants consist of tap roots.
Most plants consist of water.
Most plants contain aromatic substances.
Most plants contain bitter substances.
Most plants contain both kinds in varying amounts.
Most plants contain carbohydrates.
Most plants contain chemical substances.
Most plants contain chemicals.
Most plants contain chlorophyll.
Most plants contain chloroplasts.
Most plants contain compounds.
Most plants contain cytoplasm.
Most plants contain elements.
Most plants contain enzymes.
Most plants contain excess carbohydrates.
Most plants contain fiber.
Most plants contain fluid.
Most plants contain insoluble fiber.
Most plants contain medicine.
Most plants contain minerals.
Most plants contain nitrogen.
Most plants contain nutrients.
Most plants contain occur minerals.
Most plants contain occur trace minerals.
Most plants contain particles.
Most plants contain photosynthetic pigment.
Most plants contain pigment.
Most plants contain proteins in lower levels.
Most plants contain psychoactive chemicals.
Most plants contain psychoactive compounds.
Most plants contain radioactive waste.
Most plants contain red pigment.
Most plants contain rigid support elements.
Most plants contain small amounts of jasmonates, but jasmine and honeysuckle contain high levels.
Most plants contain sticky fluid.
Most plants contain substances.
Most plants contain toxic chemicals.
Most plants contain toxic compounds.
Most plants contain trace minerals.
Most plants contain vanishingly small amounts of fluorine.
Most plants contain vitamins.
Most plants contain waste.
Most plants contain water.
Most plants contribute to poor survival.
Most plants contribute to problems.
Most plants contribute to survival.
Most plants cover areas.
Most plants cover surface areas.
Most plants decay after they die, turning into chemicals and nutrients that replenish the soil.
Most plants depend heavily on birds and bees in order to properly pollinate.
Most plants depend on animal pollinators.
Most plants depend on insect pollinators.
Most plants depend on insects for pollination and survival.
Most plants depend on insects.
Most plants depend on mutualistic fungi to help their roots absorb minerals and water from the soil.
Most plants depend on pollinators.
Most plants depend on rainfall.
Most plants depend on sunlight to provide energy through photosynthesis.
Most plants depend on temperature.
Most plants develop adequate vegetative structure before flowering can occur.
Most plants develop basal suckers creating a dense, bushy appearance.
Most plants develop buds.
Most plants develop conditions.
Most plants develop feeder roots.
Most plants develop first true leaves.
Most plants develop from buds.
Most plants develop from seeds.
Most plants develop grow conditions.
Most plants develop growth.
Most plants develop into bushes.
Most plants develop into small bushes with up to six basal stems.
Most plants develop leaves.
Most plants develop new feeder roots.
Most plants develop over time.
Most plants develop prime grow conditions.
Most plants develop resistance.
Most plants develop roots.
Most plants develop seeds.
Most plants develop stems.
Most plants develop sturdy stems.
Most plants develop taproots.
Most plants develop thick stems.
Most plants develop trunks.
Most plants develop vegetative growth.
Most plants develop woody roots.
Most plants die because they are overwatered.
Most plants die during cold winter.
Most plants die during winter.
Most plants die in autumn.
Most plants die off in early autumn.
Most plants die within cold seasons.
Most plants die within grow seasons.
Most plants die within seasons.
Most plants die.
Most plants dislike it.
Most plants display blue flowers.
Most plants display pale flowers.
Most plants display yellow flowers.
Most plants do best when watered as the soil begins to dry out.
Most plants do better with light, regular applications of fertilizer.
Most plants do have four direction symmetry because they are unable to move around.
Most plants do nothing with material handling.
Most plants do photosynthesis.
Most plants dunk the blocks into warm water.
Most plants emerge in springs.
Most plants enhance expression.
Most plants enjoy a warm, sunny position, and a well-drained soil.
Most plants enter cotyledon stages.
Most plants enter final stages.
Most plants enter reproductive stages.
Most plants enter stages.
Most plants establish and grow better when planted out as sun-hardened seedlings.
Most plants establish in areas.
Most plants establish in floodplain areas.
Most plants exhibit alternation of generations, which is described as haplodiplodontic.
Most plants exhibit different characteristics.
Most plants exhibit photosynthesis.
Most plants exhibit resistance.
Most plants exhibit toxic responses.
Most plants exist in climates.
Most plants exist in countries.
Most plants exist in european countries.
Most plants exist in many countries.
Most plants exist in many european countries.
Most plants extract the stored soil moisture in the spring and early summer.
Most plants fare reasonably well in a neutral or slightly alkaline soil.
Most plants favored by butterflies prefer sun to partial shade.
Most plants feature flowers.
Most plants feature pink star flowers.
Most plants feed animals.
Most plants feed caterpillars.
Most plants feed herbivores.
Most plants find in backyard habitats.
Most plants find in disturb habitats.
Most plants find in habitats.
Most plants find in pasture.
Most plants find in wetland habitats.
Most plants find on earth.
Most plants flower regularly each year but some can be constantly in bloom.
Most plants form dense roots.
Most plants gain nutrients.
Most plants gain strength.
Most plants generally have broad leaves.
Most plants generally have leaves.
Most plants generally have roots.
Most plants generally have shallow roots.
Most plants germinate from seeds.
Most plants get bright light.
Most plants get direct sunlight.
Most plants get energy.
Most plants get enough water.
Most plants get essential nutrients.
Most plants get indirect sunlight.
Most plants get light from the sun.
Most plants get light.
Most plants get little direct sunlight.
Most plants get little sunlight.
Most plants get mineral nutrients.
Most plants get much nourishment.
Most plants get nourishment.
Most plants get nutrients.
Most plants get nutrition.
Most plants get optimum nutrition.
Most plants get sunlight.
Most plants get their required water and nutrients through their roots.
Most plants get water from the soil.
Most plants get water.
Most plants get weather.
Most plants give pollen.
Most plants go through growth stages.
Most plants go through photosynthesis.
Most plants go through several growth stages.
Most plants go through several stages.
Most plants go through stages.
Most plants grow as vines.
Most plants grow as weeds.
Most plants grow at elevation.
Most plants grow at levels.
Most plants grow at positions.
Most plants grow best if the light, dark period matches that of their native habitats.
Most plants grow best within a restricted range of soil and air temperature.
Most plants grow better in soils high in organic matter.
Most plants grow climates.
Most plants grow different places.
Most plants grow dry climates.
Most plants grow during dry periods.
Most plants grow during one or two seasons of the year.
Most plants grow during periods.
Most plants grow during seasons.
Most plants grow during short summer seasons.
Most plants grow during springs.
Most plants grow during summer seasons.
Most plants grow during summer.
Most plants grow during wet seasons.
Most plants grow environments.
Most plants grow flowers.
Most plants grow for flowers.
Most plants grow for seasons.
Most plants grow for several years.
Most plants grow for years.
Most plants grow from fibrous roots.
Most plants grow from long taproots.
Most plants grow from over-wintered tubers germinating near the soil surface.
Most plants grow from plants.
Most plants grow from roots.
Most plants grow from seeds as their method of reproducing.
Most plants grow from seeds, which come in a variety of shapes, sizes, and textures.
Most plants grow from seeds.
Most plants grow from taproots.
Most plants grow from their tips to add length.
Most plants grow from tiny seeds.
Most plants grow from wild seeds.
Most plants grow from woody plants.
Most plants grow habitats.
Most plants grow in alpine regions.
Most plants grow in anaerobic habitats.
Most plants grow in arctic regions.
Most plants grow in areas.
Most plants grow in arid habitats.
Most plants grow in arid regions.
Most plants grow in bright light.
Most plants grow in certain areas.
Most plants grow in climates.
Most plants grow in cocos.
Most plants grow in competitive environments.
Most plants grow in dense patches.
Most plants grow in different habitats.
Most plants grow in different layers.
Most plants grow in different temperature.
Most plants grow in dirt.
Most plants grow in dry climates.
Most plants grow in early springs.
Most plants grow in environments.
Most plants grow in exotic locations.
Most plants grow in favorable environments.
Most plants grow in fields.
Most plants grow in follow areas.
Most plants grow in full sunlight.
Most plants grow in habitats.
Most plants grow in harsh environments.
Most plants grow in height.
Most plants grow in landscapes.
Most plants grow in layers.
Most plants grow in light.
Most plants grow in locations.
Most plants grow in many different habitats.
Most plants grow in marine environments.
Most plants grow in mixture.
Most plants grow in moist areas.
Most plants grow in moist climates.
Most plants grow in moist environments.
Most plants grow in moist places.
Most plants grow in more exotic locations.
Most plants grow in native habitats.
Most plants grow in natural environments.
Most plants grow in natural wetland sites.
Most plants grow in nice little streams.
Most plants grow in open areas with full to partial sun.
Most plants grow in other areas.
Most plants grow in particular habitats.
Most plants grow in patches.
Most plants grow in places.
Most plants grow in plant pots.
Most plants grow in ponds.
Most plants grow in pots.
Most plants grow in protect areas.
Most plants grow in rainforests.
Most plants grow in regions.
Most plants grow in same areas.
Most plants grow in same general habitats.
Most plants grow in shady areas.
Most plants grow in shady places.
Most plants grow in sites.
Most plants grow in situations.
Most plants grow in size.
Most plants grow in small areas.
Most plants grow in springs.
Most plants grow in streams.
Most plants grow in subject areas.
Most plants grow in subtropical climates.
Most plants grow in subtropical regions.
Most plants grow in sunlight.
Most plants grow in temperate regions.
Most plants grow in temperature.
Most plants grow in terrestrial environments.
Most plants grow in the ground, with stems above, and roots below.
Most plants grow in tropical environments.
Most plants grow in tropical rainforests.
Most plants grow in vicinities.
Most plants grow in warm climates.
Most plants grow in wet habitats.
Most plants grow in windy areas.
Most plants grow in wrong places.
Most plants grow in yards.
Most plants grow leaves.
Most plants grow many different places.
Most plants grow many other places.
Most plants grow many places.
Most plants grow materials.
Most plants grow moist climates.
Most plants grow much faster when they are young.
Most plants grow near plants.
Most plants grow on areas.
Most plants grow on earth.
Most plants grow on farms.
Most plants grow on floors.
Most plants grow on forest floors.
Most plants grow on landscapes.
Most plants grow on ocean floors.
Most plants grow on sandy sea floors.
Most plants grow on sea floors.
Most plants grow on sites.
Most plants grow on soil surfaces.
Most plants grow on steep slopes near the bottoms of the washes.
Most plants grow on surfaces.
Most plants grow on water surfaces.
Most plants grow only during a very short period during their lifetime.
Most plants grow other places.
Most plants grow over periods.
Most plants grow over summer.
Most plants grow over time.
Most plants grow over week periods.
Most plants grow places.
Most plants grow roots.
Most plants grow size.
Most plants grow small white flowers.
Most plants grow stems.
Most plants grow surfaces.
Most plants grow through the boundary layer.
Most plants grow to full height.
Most plants grow to height.
Most plants grow to large size.
Most plants grow to maturity.
Most plants grow to size.
Most plants grow to tree height.
Most plants grow tops.
Most plants grow under competitive conditions.
Most plants grow under conditions.
Most plants grow under dry conditions.
Most plants grow under most light spectra , but always prefer a full spectrum light.
Most plants grow under most light spectra, but always prefer a full spectrum light.
Most plants grow under ordinary conditions.
Most plants grow under stressful conditions.
Most plants grow under such conditions.
Most plants grow well in it, so most gardeners want it.
Most plants grow well in loams, which contain high percentages of each type of soil.
Most plants grow white flowers.
Most plants have a higher tolerance for pest damage than their owners do.
Most plants have a nectary inside the flower.
Most plants have a positive response to water.
Most plants have a shallow taproot and can be removed without great difficulty.
Most plants have a single vacuole that takes up much of the cell.
Most plants have abnormal development.
Most plants have ages.
Most plants have alternation.
Most plants have amino acid lysine.
Most plants have anatomies.
Most plants have appearances.
Most plants have aroma.
Most plants have aromatic leaves.
Most plants have arrangements.
Most plants have attractive flowers.
Most plants have barriers.
Most plants have basal leaves.
Most plants have beautiful flowers.
Most plants have benefits.
Most plants have biology.
Most plants have black seeds.
Most plants have blossoms.
Most plants have both sexes in the same plant.
Most plants have both types of designs that causes confusion with the mechanics.
Most plants have bottoms.
Most plants have branch taproots.
Most plants have branches.
Most plants have bright flowers.
Most plants have bright yellow flowers.
Most plants have broad leaves.
Most plants have buds.
Most plants have bushy appearances.
Most plants have capability.
Most plants have capacity.
Most plants have carbon.
Most plants have cases.
Most plants have cell wall development.
Most plants have certain characteristics.
Most plants have certain features.
Most plants have characteristics.
Most plants have chemical properties.
Most plants have chemical structures.
Most plants have chlorophyll, a green pigment.
Most plants have chlorophyll.
Most plants have chloroplasts.
Most plants have coating.
Most plants have compositions.
Most plants have compound leaves.
Most plants have compounds.
Most plants have contractile roots.
Most plants have cotyledons.
Most plants have critical periods of growth during which a lack of water is the most damaging.
Most plants have cylindrical flowers.
Most plants have dark green leaves.
Most plants have deep roots.
Most plants have deep tap roots.
Most plants have defence.
Most plants have defense.
Most plants have deficiencies.
Most plants have delicate leaves.
Most plants have dense foliage.
Most plants have development.
Most plants have different origins.
Most plants have different varieties.
Most plants have dioxide.
Most plants have dirt.
Most plants have dormant and active cycles.
Most plants have drainage.
Most plants have dramatic impact.
Most plants have drip tips.
Most plants have effects.
Most plants have embryonic leaves.
Most plants have embryonic seed leaves.
Most plants have embryonic seeds.
Most plants have energy.
Most plants have environmental factors.
Most plants have enzymes that are activated by ordinary light to repair UV damage.
Most plants have essential lysine.
Most plants have factors.
Most plants have features.
Most plants have female flowers.
Most plants have female gametophytes.
Most plants have fertilizer.
Most plants have few green leaves.
Most plants have fibrous roots.
Most plants have fleshy leaves.
Most plants have fleshy structures.
Most plants have float leaves.
Most plants have flower stalks.
Most plants have flower stems.
Most plants have flowers.
Most plants have fluid.
Most plants have foliage.
Most plants have food.
Most plants have fragrant flowers.
Most plants have fragrant scent.
Most plants have fragrant white flowers.
Most plants have fruit.
Most plants have functions.
Most plants have fungal partners.
Most plants have gametophytes.
Most plants have glossy green leaves.
Most plants have glossy leaves.
Most plants have grain.
Most plants have green foliage.
Most plants have green leaves which contain chlorophyll so that they can make food.
Most plants have green leaves.
Most plants have green pigment.
Most plants have green stems.
Most plants have grey leaves.
Most plants have growth characteristics.
Most plants have growth.
Most plants have health benefits.
Most plants have healthy life.
Most plants have height.
Most plants have herbaceous stems.
Most plants have hereditary factors.
Most plants have high mortality.
Most plants have hormones.
Most plants have impact.
Most plants have indeterminate growth.
Most plants have insect pests.
Most plants have insects.
Most plants have intact roots.
Most plants have internal arrangements.
Most plants have internal structures.
Most plants have invasive potential.
Most plants have juicy fruit.
Most plants have large black seeds.
Most plants have large green leaves.
Most plants have large leaves.
Most plants have large oval leaves.
Most plants have large taproots.
Most plants have layers.
Most plants have leaf anatomies.
Most plants have leaf stalks.
Most plants have leaf surfaces.
Most plants have leaves.
Most plants have life.
Most plants have lifespans.
Most plants have limits.
Most plants have little effects.
Most plants have little impact.
Most plants have long lifespans.
Most plants have long tap roots.
Most plants have long taproots.
Most plants have lysine.
Most plants have major impact.
Most plants have many beneficial factors.
Most plants have many benefits.
Most plants have many factors.
Most plants have many health benefits.
Most plants have many medical use.
Most plants have many prove benefits.
Most plants have mechanisms that assure cross-pollination which produces more genetic variation.
Most plants have mechanisms.
Most plants have membranes.
Most plants have meristems.
Most plants have mortality.
Most plants have natural barriers.
Most plants have neither.
Most plants have nutrient deficiencies.
Most plants have one or more dependencies on animals.
Most plants have open growth .
Most plants have opportunity.
Most plants have orange flowers.
Most plants have origins.
Most plants have other features.
Most plants have other structural features.
Most plants have oval leaves.
Most plants have oval shape leaves.
Most plants have perfect flowers.
Most plants have pests.
Most plants have petals.
Most plants have phases.
Most plants have photosynthetic pigment.
Most plants have pigment.
Most plants have places.
Most plants have pollen grain.
Most plants have positive effects.
Most plants have potential pests.
Most plants have potential.
Most plants have presence.
Most plants have pretty flowers.
Most plants have prey insects.
Most plants have productive years.
Most plants have properties.
Most plants have protection systems that are analog rather than digital.
Most plants have purple flowers.
Most plants have purposes.
Most plants have reproductive biology.
Most plants have results.
Most plants have rhizomes.
Most plants have roles.
Most plants have root surfaces.
Most plants have roots .
Most plants have roots, stems and leaves.
Most plants have roots, stems, leaves and flowers.
Most plants have roots.
Most plants have scent flowers.
Most plants have scent foliage.
Most plants have scent.
Most plants have seasonal flowers.
Most plants have seeds.
Most plants have serious pests.
Most plants have several common names and the aboriginal name where known.
Most plants have several country names , and country names often refer to several distinct plants .
Most plants have several country names, and country names often refer to several distinct plants.
Most plants have shallow roots.
Most plants have shape leaves.
Most plants have shapes.
Most plants have shiny green leaves.
Most plants have shiny leaves.
Most plants have shiny yellow flowers.
Most plants have short period interspersions of repeats and single-copy sequences.
Most plants have showy flowers.
Most plants have significant insect pests.
Most plants have significant pests.
Most plants have signs.
Most plants have similar characteristics.
Most plants have single cotyledons.
Most plants have single flower stems.
Most plants have single stalks.
Most plants have single stems.
Most plants have slender flowers.
Most plants have slender leaves.
Most plants have small seeds.
Most plants have snapdragon flowers.
Most plants have solitary flowers.
Most plants have special features.
Most plants have specific characteristics.
Most plants have specific factors.
Most plants have spongy roots.
Most plants have spores.
Most plants have stages.
Most plants have stamens.
Most plants have standard start-up procedures that work in a large number of applications.
Most plants have sticky surfaces.
Most plants have stigma.
Most plants have stolons.
Most plants have stomata, specialized openings in their surface cells that permit gas exchange.
Most plants have strong central stems.
Most plants have strong stems.
Most plants have strong thorns, but some are thornless.
Most plants have structural features.
Most plants have structures.
Most plants have substances.
Most plants have succulent leaves.
Most plants have such factors.
Most plants have sufficient water.
Most plants have surfaces.
Most plants have tall flowers.
Most plants have tap roots.
Most plants have taproots.
Most plants have tendencies.
Most plants have thick fleshy leaves.
Most plants have thick leaves.
Most plants have thin leaves.
Most plants have times throughout the year when they are more attractive than others.
Most plants have tiny gametophytes.
Most plants have tiny leaves.
Most plants have tips.
Most plants have toxic effects.
Most plants have toxic properties.
Most plants have toxic substances.
Most plants have two recognisable phases - the sporophyte and the gametophyte .
Most plants have two recognisable phases - the sporophyte and the gametophyte.
Most plants have underground rhizomes.
Most plants have unhealthy appearances.
Most plants have unique characteristics.
Most plants have unique chemical properties.
Most plants have unique growth characteristics.
Most plants have unique properties.
Most plants have unique shapes.
Most plants have unique structures.
Most plants have upright leaves.
Most plants have useful features.
Most plants have valuable properties.
Most plants have variation.
Most plants have vascular structures.
Most plants have vegetative phases.
Most plants have vegetative stages.
Most plants have vessels.
Most plants have vigorous roots.
Most plants have water.
Most plants have wax in their epidermis.
Most plants have waxy coating.
Most plants have waxy leaves.
Most plants have white flowers.
Most plants have width.
Most plants have wrinkle seeds.
Most plants have years.
Most plants have yellow flowers.
Most plants have yellow, purple or white flowers.
Most plants help birds.
Most plants help deficiencies.
Most plants hold leaves.
Most plants improve cantaloupe flavor.
Most plants improve flavor.
Most plants inherit the plastids from only one parent.
Most plants invade environments.
Most plants invade farms.
Most plants listed are available from the various suppliers of native trees and shrubs.
Most plants live in aquatic environments.
Most plants live in areas.
Most plants live in certain areas.
Most plants live in different habitats.
Most plants live in dry habitats.
Most plants live in environments.
Most plants live in grassland.
Most plants live in habitats.
Most plants live in natural environments.
Most plants live in particular habitats.
Most plants live in swampy areas.
Most plants live in temperate grassland.
Most plants live in temperature zones.
Most plants live in terrestrial environments, including deserts, grasslands, and forests.
Most plants live in terrestrial environments.
Most plants live in wet areas.
Most plants live in zones.
Most plants look like weeds.
Most plants lose foliage.
Most plants lose leaves.
Most plants lose lower leaves.
Most plants lose their leaves in autumn .
Most plants lose their leaves in autumn.
Most plants love light.
Most plants love sunlight.
Most plants make considerable growth.
Most plants make defensive compounds called allomones.
Most plants make energy.
Most plants make food.
Most plants make good root growth.
Most plants make growth.
Most plants make poor growth.
Most plants make rapid growth.
Most plants make root growth.
Most plants make slow growth.
Most plants make their own food by a process called photosynthesis.
Most plants make their own food by a process calledphotosynthesis.
Most plants make their own food.
Most plants make their own proteins using nitrogen from amino acids.
Most plants make up diets.
Most plants make vigorous growth.
Most plants now involve complex reactive systems for monitoring and supervision.
Most plants obtain food.
Most plants obtain important nutrients.
Most plants obtain necessary nutrients.
Most plants obtain nutrients.
Most plants obtain nutrition.
Most plants obtain their minerals and moisture through roots that are in soil.
Most plants obtain water.
Most plants occupy environments.
Most plants occupy habitats.
Most plants occupy harsh environments.
Most plants occupy mediate environments.
Most plants occupy zones.
Most plants occur in areas.
Most plants occur in full sun.
Most plants occur in geographical regions.
Most plants occur in regions.
Most plants occur in specific geographical regions.
Most plants occur in specific regions.
Most plants offer benefits.
Most plants offer diversity.
Most plants offer many benefits.
Most plants offer many more benefits.
Most plants outgrow flea beetle damage.
Most plants play ecological roles.
Most plants play essential roles.
Most plants play important ecological roles.
Most plants play important roles.
Most plants play roles.
Most plants play vital roles.
Most plants possess characteristics.
Most plants possess desirable characteristics.
Most plants possess features.
Most plants possess leaves.
Most plants possess properties.
Most plants possess rhizomes.
Most plants possess underground rhizomes.
Most plants possess valuable properties.
Most plants prefer a humid environment.
Most plants prefer a loam soil with good water drainage.
Most plants prefer a relatively rich, loamy soil.
Most plants prefer a stainless inline capping machine.
Most plants prefer bright light.
Most plants prefer certain conditions.
Most plants prefer certain growth conditions.
Most plants prefer conditions.
Most plants prefer cooler nighttime temps and warmer daytime temperatures.
Most plants prefer growth conditions.
Most plants prefer light.
Most plants prefer locations.
Most plants prefer to dry out a little between thorough waterings.
Most plants prevent erosion.
Most plants produce a fibrous root system , a tap root system or a fleshy root system .
Most plants produce a fibrous root system, a taproot system, or most commonly a combination of both.
Most plants produce a range of fluorocarbons.
Most plants produce abundant harvest.
Most plants produce abundant seeds.
Most plants produce aerial roots.
Most plants produce banana flowers.
Most plants produce basal leaves.
Most plants produce beautiful flowers.
Most plants produce beautiful foliage.
Most plants produce beginnings.
Most plants produce bisexual flowers with both kinds of gametes.
Most plants produce blossoms.
Most plants produce bright flowers.
Most plants produce bright yellow flowers.
Most plants produce buds.
Most plants produce carbohydrates.
Most plants produce carbon compounds.
Most plants produce chemical compounds.
Most plants produce chemical energy.
Most plants produce chemicals.
Most plants produce compounds.
Most plants produce crops.
Most plants produce defensive compounds.
Most plants produce delicate flowers.
Most plants produce delicate white flowers.
Most plants produce dry matter.
Most plants produce dull green leaves.
Most plants produce edible flowers.
Most plants produce edible starches.
Most plants produce energy.
Most plants produce enough oxygen.
Most plants produce female flowers.
Most plants produce fibrous seeds.
Most plants produce fleshy leaves.
Most plants produce float leaves.
Most plants produce flower buds.
Most plants produce flowers.
Most plants produce foliage.
Most plants produce food.
Most plants produce fragrant leaves.
Most plants produce fronds.
Most plants produce glucose.
Most plants produce green foliage.
Most plants produce green leaves.
Most plants produce growth.
Most plants produce harvest.
Most plants produce hormones.
Most plants produce identical offspring.
Most plants produce kinds.
Most plants produce large leaves.
Most plants produce leaves.
Most plants produce lush growth.
Most plants produce male flowers.
Most plants produce many aerial roots.
Most plants produce many more seeds.
Most plants produce matter.
Most plants produce much pollen.
Most plants produce nectar.
Most plants produce net useful energy.
Most plants produce new leaves and stem growth from some point in spring through midsummer.
Most plants produce novel compounds.
Most plants produce numerous offspring.
Most plants produce nutrients.
Most plants produce offshoots.
Most plants produce offspring.
Most plants produce one or more orders of lateral root branches.
Most plants produce organic compounds.
Most plants produce ovules.
Most plants produce own energy.
Most plants produce oxygen.
Most plants produce pea plants.
Most plants produce perfect flowers.
Most plants produce pink flowers.
Most plants produce pistils.
Most plants produce plants.
Most plants produce pollen.
Most plants produce power.
Most plants produce proteins.
Most plants produce purple flowers.
Most plants produce rhizomes.
Most plants produce roots.
Most plants produce secondary compounds.
Most plants produce seed plants.
Most plants produce seeds to reproduce.
Most plants produce seeds.
Most plants produce shade in varying amounts.
Most plants produce shoots.
Most plants produce simple sugar.
Most plants produce single flower buds.
Most plants produce single flowers.
Most plants produce solitary flowers.
Most plants produce soybean seeds.
Most plants produce starches.
Most plants produce stems.
Most plants produce stolons.
Most plants produce substances.
Most plants produce sugar.
Most plants produce sweet sugar.
Most plants produce taproots.
Most plants produce their own food through a process called photosynthesis.
Most plants produce thick leaves.
Most plants produce tough rhizomes.
Most plants produce toxic substances.
Most plants produce toxins.
Most plants produce turnip roots.
Most plants produce underground rhizomes.
Most plants produce useful chemical energy.
Most plants produce vegetative growth.
Most plants produce white flowers.
Most plants produce wrinkle seeds.
Most plants produce yellow flowers.
Most plants produce yellow leaves.
Most plants produce yellowish flowers.
Most plants produce zygospores.
Most plants protect roots.
Most plants provide benefits.
Most plants provide carbohydrate nutrients.
Most plants provide diets.
Most plants provide energy.
Most plants provide enough moisture.
Most plants provide excellent opportunity.
Most plants provide favorable habitats.
Most plants provide habitats.
Most plants provide important habitats.
Most plants provide many benefits.
Most plants provide materials.
Most plants provide moisture.
Most plants provide nectar.
Most plants provide nest materials.
Most plants provide nourishment.
Most plants provide nutrients.
Most plants provide nutrition.
Most plants provide opportunity.
Most plants provide oxygen.
Most plants provide pollen.
Most plants provide shelter.
Most plants provide sugar.
Most plants provide vary diets.
Most plants range in height.
Most plants reach considerable size.
Most plants reach height.
Most plants reach inch height.
Most plants reach length.
Most plants reach mature size.
Most plants reach maturity.
Most plants reach maximum height.
Most plants reach maximum size.
Most plants reach maximum weight.
Most plants reach physiological maturity.
Most plants reach size.
Most plants reach weight.
Most plants reach year maturity.
Most plants react to lack of water by spreading more roots to try to find deeper water sources.
Most plants readily undergo vegetative propagation.
Most plants receive direct sunlight.
Most plants receive enough water.
Most plants receive far more water and energy in the form of sunshine than they can use.
Most plants receive fluorescent light.
Most plants receive light.
Most plants receive little sunlight.
Most plants receive ml water.
Most plants receive nitrogen.
Most plants receive sunlight.
Most plants receive supplemental water.
Most plants receive water.
Most plants reduce erosion.
Most plants release carbon.
Most plants release oxygen.
Most plants release pollen.
Most plants release seeds.
Most plants rely on consumption.
Most plants rely on insects.
Most plants rely on leaves.
Most plants rely on photosynthesis.
Most plants rely on pollen.
Most plants rely on rainfall.
Most plants rely on respiration.
Most plants rely on roots.
Most plants rely on stem photosynthesis.
Most plants rely on sunlight.
Most plants remain untested for their medical potential.
Most plants replace nutritious plants.
Most plants replace plants.
Most plants reproduce by both self and cross-pollination.
Most plants reproduce more of their kind through production of seeds.
Most plants reproduce the next generation of flowers by making seeds.
Most plants require a certain number of growing days at warm enough temperatures.
Most plants require a certain temperature to grow.
Most plants require a particular number of days, months, or even years to produce flowers and fruit.
Most plants require a specific range of temperature and moisture to survive.
Most plants require a sunny site, a well drained moderately fertile soil, and shelter from winds.
Most plants require abundant sunlight.
Most plants require adequate moisture.
Most plants require adequate nutrition.
Most plants require adequate ventilation.
Most plants require air.
Most plants require amounts.
Most plants require assistance.
Most plants require attention.
Most plants require blue light.
Most plants require blue spectrum light.
Most plants require bright light.
Most plants require care.
Most plants require climates.
Most plants require daily or weekly watering.
Most plants require double fertilization.
Most plants require energy.
Most plants require evolution.
Most plants require exposure.
Most plants require fertilization.
Most plants require frequent fertilization.
Most plants require full sun exposure.
Most plants require full sunlight.
Most plants require growth.
Most plants require insects.
Most plants require light near a window or supplemental artificial light.
Most plants require light.
Most plants require lower maintenance.
Most plants require maintenance.
Most plants require minimal maintenance.
Most plants require moisture.
Most plants require more frequent water.
Most plants require nitrate.
Most plants require nitrogen.
Most plants require nutrition.
Most plants require proteins.
Most plants require shades.
Most plants require sources.
Most plants require special attention.
Most plants require spectrum light.
Most plants require sun exposure.
Most plants require sun.
Most plants require sunlight.
Most plants require ventilation.
Most plants require warm climates.
Most plants require water.
Most plants resemble plants.
Most plants respond best to being pruned in spring and summer while they are most actively growing.
Most plants respond best to blue light, which has most energy in it.
Most plants respond best to selective pruning-a combination of thinning and heading cuts.
Most plants respond to blue light.
Most plants respond to light.
Most plants respond well to pinching at planting time.
Most plants resume growth.
Most plants resume normal growth.
Most plants retain leaves.
Most plants retain needles.
Most plants secrete digestive fluid.
Most plants seem to prefer the nitrate form.
Most plants serve purposes.
Most plants share common characteristics.
Most plants share important characteristics.
Most plants share key features.
Most plants shed leaves.
Most plants shed pollen.
Most plants show adverse effects.
Most plants show alternation.
Most plants show appearances.
Most plants show characteristics.
Most plants show effects.
Most plants show growth.
Most plants show healthy growth.
Most plants show leaves.
Most plants show some combination of primitive and derived characters.
Most plants show specific symptoms.
Most plants show symptoms.
Most plants sold as houseplants have a tropical lineage.
Most plants sold on the market are hybrids derived from Saintpaulia ionantha .
Most plants spread pollen.
Most plants spread roots.
Most plants spread seeds.
Most plants sprout and bear fruit on a yearly schedule, so it's a natural increment.
Most plants sprout aromatic leaves.
Most plants sprout roots.
Most plants start growth.
Most plants start roots.
Most plants start their life as some sort of seed.
Most plants stop growing when they receive less than .
Most plants suffer damage.
Most plants suffer from drought.
Most plants support nutrition.
Most plants survive climates.
Most plants survive cold climates.
Most plants survive cold nights.
Most plants survive cold winter nights.
Most plants survive conditions.
Most plants survive damage.
Most plants survive difficult conditions.
Most plants survive drought conditions.
Most plants survive dry conditions.
Most plants survive dry summer.
Most plants survive environmental conditions.
Most plants survive environments.
Most plants survive for years.
Most plants survive freeze conditions.
Most plants survive habitats.
Most plants survive high temperature climates.
Most plants survive in atmospheres.
Most plants survive in climates.
Most plants survive in conditions.
Most plants survive in difficult conditions.
Most plants survive in dry habitats.
Most plants survive in environments.
Most plants survive in extreme conditions.
Most plants survive in gardens.
Most plants survive in habitats.
Most plants survive in harsh conditions.
Most plants survive in harsh environments.
Most plants survive in shades.
Most plants survive in soil conditions.
Most plants survive months.
Most plants survive nights.
Most plants survive regions.
Most plants survive such conditions.
Most plants survive summer.
Most plants survive weeks.
Most plants survive winter nights.
Most plants survive years.
Most plants take energy.
Most plants take roots.
Most plants take up carbon.
Most plants take up matter.
Most plants take up nitrogen.
Most plants take up water through their roots in the ground.
Most plants take up water.
Most plants take water and plant nutrients into their roots through the root hairs.
Most plants therefore require nitrogen compounds to be present in the soil in which they grow.
Most plants thrive in acidic habitats.
Most plants thrive in areas.
Most plants thrive in arid conditions.
Most plants thrive in arid environments.
Most plants thrive in bog habitats.
Most plants thrive in climates.
Most plants thrive in conditions.
Most plants thrive in different conditions.
Most plants thrive in environments.
Most plants thrive in habitats.
Most plants thrive in hostile environments.
Most plants thrive in humid environments.
Most plants thrive in ideal climates.
Most plants thrive in levels.
Most plants thrive in light.
Most plants thrive in locations.
Most plants thrive in mediterranean climates.
Most plants thrive in moist environments.
Most plants thrive in natural climates.
Most plants thrive in natural environments.
Most plants thrive in natural habitats.
Most plants thrive in regions.
Most plants thrive in setting.
Most plants thrive in shade areas.
Most plants thrive in sites.
Most plants thrive in situations.
Most plants thrive in subtropical regions.
Most plants thrive in sunny locations.
Most plants thrive in sunshine.
Most plants thrive in wet conditions.
Most plants thrive in zones.
Most plants thrive on carbon dioxide, using it for photosynthesis.
Most plants thus require nitrogen compounds to be present in the soil in which they grow.
Most plants tolerate a few months of lower light levels while overwintering.
Most plants tolerate soil conditions.
Most plants turn sunlight.
Most plants typically have dark green leaves.
Most plants typically have green leaves.
Most plants typically have leaves.
Most plants undergo evolution.
Most plants undergo genetic evolution.
Most plants undergo growth.
Most plants undergo modification.
Most plants undergo photosynthesis.
Most plants undergo rapid growth.
Most plants undergo rapid vertical growth.
Most plants undergo reaction.
Most plants undergo vegetative growth.
Most plants undergo vertical growth.
Most plants use a dry process in any case, which is intrinsically safer.
Most plants use asexual reproduction.
Most plants use cam photosynthesis.
Most plants use carbon dioxide.
Most plants use cellulose.
Most plants use chemicals.
Most plants use chlorophyll.
Most plants use clean sea water.
Most plants use clean water.
Most plants use dioxide.
Most plants use efficient photosynthesis.
Most plants use energy.
Most plants use enzymes.
Most plants use food.
Most plants use for purposes.
Most plants use gases.
Most plants use glucose.
Most plants use growth.
Most plants use heat.
Most plants use illegal materials.
Most plants use leaves.
Most plants use light.
Most plants use materials.
Most plants use methods.
Most plants use natural gases.
Most plants use nitrogen in the form of nitrates.
Most plants use nuclear energy.
Most plants use nutrients.
Most plants use oxygen.
Most plants use photosynthesis.
Most plants use pigment.
Most plants use plant growth.
Most plants use radiant energy.
Most plants use radiation.
Most plants use reproduction.
Most plants use resources.
Most plants use roots.
Most plants use scent.
Most plants use sea water.
Most plants use solar energy.
Most plants use solar radiation.
Most plants use starches.
Most plants use sunlight energy.
Most plants use sunlight.
Most plants use underground stems.
Most plants use vegetative reproduction.
Most plants use water.
Most plants utilize energy.
Most plants utilize evolution.
Most plants utilize solar energy.
Most plants vary in height.
Most plants withstand mild root infections and appear symptomless.
Most plants yield abundant flowers.
Most plants yield fruit.
Most plants yield nectar.
Most plants yield orange flowers.
Most plants yield yellow flowers.
Some plant bugs ragging plants.
Some plant compounds cause death.
Some plant compounds interfere with metabolism.
Some plant defenses against herbivores can include spines, thorns, or unpleasant odors.
Some plant diseases damage palms.
Some plant estrogens are under study now.
Some plant have horizontal root on the surface to absorb rain water rapidly.
Some plant leaves have areas.
Some plant leaves have large areas.
Some plant leaves have large surface areas.
Some plant leaves have stomata.
Some plant leaves have surface areas.
Some plant nematodes have structures.
Some plant nematodes possess hollow stylets.
Some plant oils like palm, palm kernel, and coconut oil are also high in saturated fat.
Some plant organs respond to stimulation by contact or pressure.
Some plant species even depend on fire to germinate their seeds.
Some plant species like the potato produce several similar substances at the same time.
Some plant species with early-season growth are more susceptible to treatment in the springtime.
Some plant specimens collect in fields.
Some plants absorb copper compounds through their roots .
Some plants absorb copper compounds through their roots.
Some plants absorb neem systemically and are thus protected.
Some plants accumulate water.
Some plants actually contain substances that injure or kill pests.
Some plants add fuel.
Some plants add nitrogen to the soil , some take it out .
Some plants add nitrogen to the soil, some take it out.
Some plants add warmth.
Some plants affect climates.
Some plants affect future growth.
Some plants affect growth.
Some plants affect plant growth.
Some plants affected include soybeans, clover, onions, spinach, alfalfa, and milkweed.
Some plants also depend on animals to carry their seeds and other materials away.
Some plants also form seeds asexually, termed apomixis , e.g. dandelion .
Some plants also form seeds asexually, termed apomixis, e.g. dandelion .
Some plants also have hairs or trichomes .
Some plants also have symbolic meanings.
Some plants also respond to changes in routine by dropping leaves.
Some plants also scavenge mercury.
Some plants also store water in their trunks and stems.
Some plants also use ozone , a disinfectant that improves the taste, smell and colour of water.
Some plants are a little more unusual.
Some plants are able to pollinate themselves or restore themselves repeatedly.
Some plants are able to recognize their own pollen and reject it.
Some plants are able to shut-down for the winter.
Some plants are able to survive fire and some are dependent on it to reproduce.
Some plants are able to survive in the tundra.
Some plants are able to well grow in saline soil that contains a high concentration of salt.
Some plants are actually better food for their pests when under stress.
Some plants are adapted in several ways.
Some plants are almost entirely yellow colored and similar to chlorina.
Some plants are also dangerous to tortoises.
Some plants are also really fun to grow because they are so quick to mature.
Some plants are annuals.
Some plants are aquatic, but most have adapted to become terrestrial.
Some plants are better at controlling erosion on banks than others.
Some plants are carnivores.
Some plants are carnivorous and supplement their mineral supply by eating animals.
Some plants are classified as angiosperms.
Some plants are common in Europe and India.
Some plants are considered weeds by some farmers and crops by others.
Some plants are consumed by anoas.
Some plants are consumed by herbivores.
Some plants are contrary companions.
Some plants are dangerous under any circumstances, others are dangerous if taken inaccurately.
Some plants are dark green, some light green.
Some plants are deadly poisonous .
Some plants are dependent on insects to carry pollen from one flower to another.
Some plants are dependent upon mammals like bats or hummingbirds.
Some plants are dioecious.
Some plants are directly seeded while others are transplanted.
Some plants are distant from their main area or they are on the boundary of it.
Some plants are droopy, as though the farmer forgot to add water.
Some plants are dug from the field and potted into a pot.
Some plants are easier to class as invasive than others.
Some plants are easier to dry than others.
Some plants are easy to start from seed early and can then be transplanted when it warms up.
Some plants are easy, others are impossible.
Some plants are eaten by caterpillars.
Some plants are eaten by deer.
Some plants are edible only when properly prepared.
Some plants are especially sensitive to boron accumulation.
Some plants are especially sensitive to horticultural oils.
Some plants are even capable of producing their own insecticides.
Some plants are exceptionally susceptible to damages cause by overwatering.
Some plants are extraordinarily tolerant of drought.
Some plants are extremely difficult to root using other methods.
Some plants are food for the emotions and allow access to other dimensions through feelings.
Some plants are free-floating such as duckweed or water hyacinth.
Some plants are friendlier than others.
Some plants are heterotrophs.
Some plants are in containers of various sizes.
Some plants are in limited supply.
Some plants are in very limited supply.
Some plants are in very short supply.
Some plants are incredibly fibrous, like iris swords, and tend to string out rather than cut.
Some plants are indeterminant in growth, and continue to grow until killed by frost.
Some plants are inherently quite sensitive to oil.
Some plants are lethal even though they are natural.
Some plants are made for medicine for humans.
Some plants are more adaptable to heavy clay soil, while others require well-drained soil.
Some plants are more costly to maintain than others.
Some plants are more prone to salt injury than others.
Some plants are more resistant than others to viral, bacterial or fungal diseases.
Some plants are more sensitive than others to pesticides.
Some plants are more sensitive to salinity than others, depending on growth habit, root system, etc.
Some plants are more specific too large for tubes.
Some plants are more susceptible than others.
Some plants are more susceptible to insect attack than others.
Some plants are more susceptible to pathogens at certain times of day than at others.
Some plants are more tolerant of frost than others.
Some plants are mutualistic symbionts, epiphytes, or insectivorous.
Some plants are naturally close pollinated, or self-fertilized.
Some plants are naturally disease-resistant, so they require fewer pesticides than others.
Some plants are naturally rare in the wild.
Some plants are now dependent on certain fertilizers to sustain proper growth.
Some plants are oaks.
Some plants are only partial parasites.
Some plants are over two metres tall and having five flowers on the tips of healthy stems.
Some plants are parasitic on others.
Some plants are particularly suited to taking up and storing metals.
Some plants are particularly susceptible to sunscald on their trunks.
Some plants are perennial.
Some plants are perfect for streams and waterfalls, tumbling over rocks and softening the rock edge.
Some plants are physically compatible.
Some plants are poisonous or have been sprayed with poisonous pesticides.
Some plants are poisonous or toxic, and they pose additional hazards as well.
Some plants are poisonous to horses and other livestock.
Some plants are poisonous.
Some plants are pollinated by fungus feeding flies that visit fungus infected male flowers.
Some plants are pollinated by the wind, and some are pollinated by insects or other small animals.
Some plants are really prone to insects.
Some plants are recognized by fungal pathogens on the basis of their stomatal pores.
Some plants are resistent to different agents.
Some plants are said to produce root exudates that suppress herbaceous weeds.
Some plants are sensitive to changes in temperature.
Some plants are sensitive to disturbance.
Some plants are sensitive to low humidity.
Some plants are sensitive to the insecticide malathion.
Some plants are serotinous and only disperse their seeds in response to an environmental stimulus.
Some plants are slow to divide, such as large, blue colored plants.
Some plants are small and mounded with large flowers resting directly on top of the foliage.
Some plants are so beautiful, they can stand alone as a focal point.
Some plants are sources of poisons, addictive drugs, and hallucinogens.
Some plants are spiny.
Some plants are sporadic blooming and bloom as each new growth comes up and matures.
Some plants are still closed.
Some plants are susceptible to fluoride injury from treated water.
Some plants are temperature-sensitive, requiring steady warmth or coolness.
Some plants are thin and stringy.
Some plants are tolerant of inbreeding and can be self-pollinated.
Some plants are toxic and, if eaten, can cause death.
Some plants are toxic in very small amounts.
Some plants are toxic to humans and animals.
Some plants are used in gardens or parks.
Some plants are useful for humans.
Some plants are useful in repelling pests, while others attract beneficial insect life.
Some plants are very hard to stop once they start growing .
Some plants are very hard to stop once they start growing.
Some plants are very particular about where they grow.
Some plants are very small, such as the dwarf willow and partridge grass.
Some plants are very susceptible to certain problems.
Some plants are very susceptible to diseases while others have very few, if any, disease problems.
Some plants are very susceptible to insect and disease problems.
Some plants are very tolerant the stress from harsh conditions or extreme variation in condition.
Some plants are very weak while others are robust.
Some plants are widespread throughout many ecosystems and some are found only in the Andes.
Some plants are worse than others.
Some plants attract ants.
Some plants attract bees.
Some plants attract birds too.
Some plants attract dragonflies.
Some plants attract gulls.
Some plants attract hummingbirds.
Some plants attract mammals.
Some plants attract pollen bees.
Some plants attract rabbits.
Some plants attract rodents.
Some plants attract wasps.
Some plants attract waterfowls.
Some plants bear cylindrical fruit.
Some plants bear fruit.
Some plants bear only one flower per stem and are called solitary flowers.
Some plants become agricultural weeds.
Some plants become aphids.
Some plants become casualties.
Some plants become common weeds.
Some plants become dominant plant life.
Some plants become emergence.
Some plants become environmental weeds.
Some plants become ferns.
Some plants become flowers.
Some plants become fruit.
Some plants become healthy plants.
Some plants become houseplants.
Some plants become invasive weeds.
Some plants become leaf emergence.
Some plants become life.
Some plants become necessity.
Some plants become pests.
Some plants become plant life.
Some plants become plants.
Some plants become popular houseplants.
Some plants become quite bushy while others remain single stemmed.
Some plants become roots.
Some plants become serious environmental weeds.
Some plants become serious weeds.
Some plants become stature.
Some plants become toxic after wilting.
Some plants become water.
Some plants become weeds.
Some plants become winners.
Some plants benefit from being pinched back.
Some plants benefit the garden by fixing nitrogen, which enriches the soil.
Some plants bleed heavily after pruning.
Some plants bloom at night and fade the following day.
Some plants bloom for several years.
Some plants bloom for years.
Some plants bloom in early spring, others in late summer, and some bloom for several months.
Some plants bloom in early summer.
Some plants bloom in late summer.
Some plants bloom in summer.
Some plants bloom only on last year's wood, particularly spring bloomers like lilacs.
Some plants bloom only on last year's wood.
Some plants bloom so heavily that the foliage becomes obscured.
Some plants break down acid.
Some plants bring problems.
Some plants burn coal while other located near lumber mills burn sawdust.
Some plants can absorb carbon dioxide from sediment at their roots.
Some plants can alter their metabolism to produce heat.
Some plants can be at least as irritating as animals.
Some plants can be harmful.
Some plants can be pulled apart by hand, others require a sharp knife, still others a sharp spade.
Some plants can be toxic.
Some plants can cause a skin rash.
Some plants can cause considerable stomach upset with vomiting or diarrhea.
Some plants can charge more during peak demand periods.
Some plants can continue without inbreeding from very few or only one plants to select from.
Some plants can cope with drought by going into some degree of dormancy.
Some plants can cover a fair amount of ground via self-sown seed.
Some plants can even be the source for both a spice and an herb.
Some plants can flower twice during the same season.
Some plants can grow from cut off leaves or stems.
Some plants can grow in deserts.
Some plants can grow in more sun than recommend if the soil is ideal.
Some plants can have berries.
Some plants can have ripen berries.
Some plants can have the bitter or dangerous parts removed by leaching in running water.
Some plants can help fight cancer, malaria and leukemia.
Some plants can help strengthen the body and relax the mind.
Some plants can live in dry, arid conditions.
Some plants can maintain flower temps.
Some plants can meet their nitrogen requirements by obtaining it from the atmosphere.
Some plants can move a little in response to stimuli from the environment.
Some plants can only survive in the dampest of conditions, while others require a drier home.
Some plants can produce clones from horizontal stems, such as runners.
Some plants can produce juvenile hormone mimics to protect themselves from feeding insects.
Some plants can put people in the hospital for a very long time.
Some plants can reproduce from cuttings.
Some plants can send warnings to other individuals.
Some plants can stop invading microbes dead.
Some plants can store water in root structures, trunk structures, stems, and leaves.
Some plants can survive easily through the winter by entering to a resting stage.
Some plants can survive for many years as seeds.
Some plants can tolerate as little as three hours of direct sunlight.
Some plants can tolerate more damage than others.
Some plants can tolerate more variation in water level than others.
Some plants can tolerate salt water.
Some plants can turn their leaves so only the leaf margin faces the sun.
Some plants can, over time, adapt to changing salinity conditions.
Some plants care about their soil.
Some plants cause crop destruction.
Some plants cause damage.
Some plants cause death.
Some plants cause destruction.
Some plants cause diseases.
Some plants cause ecological problems.
Some plants cause extensive damage.
Some plants cause further injuries.
Some plants cause injuries.
Some plants cause irritation.
Some plants cause other ecological problems.
Some plants cause problems.
Some plants cause severe damage.
Some plants cause significant problems.
Some plants cause similar problems.
Some plants cause skin irritation.
Some plants cause sudden death.
Some plants change their form as they mature.
Some plants classified as endangered are orchids, cacti and some bromeliads.
Some plants collapse from fungal infection early in the field tests.
Some plants come back every year from the same seed like bulb plants.
Some plants come from families.
Some plants come from rhizome which is more mature than others.
Some plants come in both annual and perennial varieties like clover.
Some plants come into flowers.
Some plants come into their own in winter such as sedums with their showy seed heads.
Some plants consist of fronds.
Some plants consist of leaf fronds.
Some plants consist of rhizomes.
Some plants consist of shoots.
Some plants contain acid.
Some plants contain amino acid.
Some plants contain beans.
Some plants contain caffeine.
Some plants contain cellulose.
Some plants contain components.
Some plants contain compounds that slow microbial decay.
Some plants contain concentration.
Some plants contain enzymes that can destroy contaminants.
Some plants contain fatty acid.
Some plants contain higher concentrations of certain flavonoids.
Some plants contain juice.
Some plants contain latex.
Some plants contain mercury.
Some plants contain more protein or oil than others.
Some plants contain multiple forms of invertase.
Some plants contain nasty toxins.
Some plants contain natural estrogens.
Some plants contain nitrate.
Some plants contain oil.
Some plants contain phytochemicals that have effects on the body.
Some plants contain phytoecdysones , which are structurally similar to the insect ecdysones.
Some plants contain phytonutrients that are chemically similar to progesterone.
Some plants contain plants.
Some plants contain rubber.
Some plants contain salt.
Some plants contain saponins, which are detergents, or soaps, and present another danger for horses.
Some plants contain seeds.
Some plants contain several components.
Some plants contain several such components.
Some plants contain significant amounts of soluble and insoluble fiber.
Some plants contain silica.
Some plants contain starches.
Some plants contain substances that cause moderate to severe reactions when eaten by humans.
Some plants contain toxic components.
Some plants contain xylem.
Some plants continue to clear product solely from inventories.
Some plants continue to report price resistance from feed and export markets.
Some plants convert salt water.
Some plants convert water.
Some plants cope with desert conditions by growing only where the environment is milder.
Some plants cope with problems.
Some plants cope with water loss problems.
Some plants cover ground at an amazing rate and are best used in relatively rough areas.
Some plants cover mulch.
Some plants cover surfaces.
Some plants cover water surfaces.
Some plants create dependency.
Some plants create energy.
Some plants create problems.
Some plants create shades.
Some plants depend directly on bats for pollination or seed dispersal.
Some plants depend on animals.
Some plants develop dew.
Some plants develop extremely dangerous fungal toxins.
Some plants develop from germinate spores.
Some plants develop from rhizomes.
Some plants develop from spores.
Some plants develop from underground rhizomes.
Some plants develop into adults.
Some plants develop seeds without fertilization, however.
Some plants develop small concentric rings on the foliage or fruit.
Some plants develop water-storing strategies.
Some plants develop within ovaries.
Some plants die after flowers.
Some plants die at the time when their fruits mature i.e. cereals, peas, soybeans, etc.
Some plants die from root rot organisms that enter the damaged roots.
Some plants die if they have too much sunshine.
Some plants die of thirsts.
Some plants display cotyledons.
Some plants do best in partial shade.
Some plants do better in an alkali soil than in an acidic soil and vice versa.
Some plants do better when in the company of other plants.
Some plants do cross-fertilize in nature.
Some plants do much better with what's called bottom heat.
Some plants do self-pollinate.
Some plants do thrive off salt water .
Some plants do well in low light levels, some in high.
Some plants do well only when grown from seed.
Some plants drop fruit.
Some plants drop lower leaves as the plant matures.
Some plants drop spores.
Some plants eat animals such as ants and flies.
Some plants eat meat.
Some plants emerge in autumn.
Some plants emit the hydrocarbon isoprene from their leaves when T and light are high.
Some plants emit their own chemical cry for help when being eaten by insects.
Some plants encourage estrogen production and thus discourage male fertility.
Some plants enhance clarity.
Some plants enhance water clarity.
Some plants enjoy sunny windows.
Some plants enter deep dormancy.
Some plants enter dormancy.
Some plants enter rest periods at some time of the year.
Some plants enter rest periods during the fall and winter in response to shortening days.
Some plants enter summer dormancy.
Some plants enter winter dormancy.
Some plants equip their seeds to fly with the wind.
Some plants even act like pitchers and trap water in their funnel shaped foliage.
Some plants even attract beneficial insects.
Some plants even do tricks, like the evening primroses that open at dusk on summer nights.
Some plants even grow little plants on their leaves or root when a piece of stem is buried.
Some plants even have no leaves or small seasonal leaves that grow after it rains.
Some plants even live on others.
Some plants evolve woody stems .
Some plants exhibit damage.
Some plants exist as the chicken or the diploid phase.
Some plants exist in gardens.
Some plants experience complete darkness.
Some plants exude chemicals which can control other forms of life.
Some plants feed birds.
Some plants feed cattle.
Some plants feed grasshoppers.
Some plants feed rabbits.
Some plants find in backyards.
Some plants find in deserts.
Some plants find in grassland.
Some plants find in prairie.
Some plants find in regions.
Some plants find in temperate regions.
Some plants find in wet prairie.
Some plants first grown here are now important crops found throughout Central America.
Some plants fix carbon.
Some plants flower early in the growing season, while some flower later in the year.
Some plants flower early in the Spring.
Some plants flower immediately after snow melting or soil thawing.
Some plants flower only during a certain time of the year.
Some plants follow patterns.
Some plants form basal rosettes.
Some plants form buds.
Some plants form colonies.
Some plants form dense mats.
Some plants form dense patches.
Some plants form flower buds.
Some plants form flowers.
Some plants form large colonies.
Some plants form mats.
Some plants form only a few seeds, while others form many seeds.
Some plants form patches.
Some plants form pollen that fertilizes eggs in the flower or cone, others produce spores.
Some plants form roots much more easily than others.
Some plants form rosettes.
Some plants form seeds.
Some plants form shoot buds easily and the plant becomes a pest.
Some plants form spiny mats.
Some plants form stolons.
Some plants form tight rosettes.
Some plants form vegetative colonies.
Some plants gain sustenance.
Some plants germinate in either light or dark conditions.
Some plants germinate in either light or dark.
Some plants get food.
Some plants get plant food.
Some plants get so hungry they eat flies, spiders, and even small frogs.
Some plants get their start through what is called asexual, or vegetative, reproduction.
Some plants get tough plant food.
Some plants give off emit vapor.
Some plants give off vapor.
Some plants go dormant in winter.
Some plants go dormant when drought occurs and shed their leaves so that water loss is reduced.
Some plants graft naturally.
Some plants graft well, others fail to transplant.
Some plants grow along edges.
Some plants grow along lagoons.
Some plants grow along narrow streams.
Some plants grow along readsides.
Some plants grow along roads.
Some plants grow along streams.
Some plants grow as herbs.
Some plants grow as shrubs.
Some plants grow at ambient concentration.
Some plants grow at concentration.
Some plants grow at current ambient concentration.
Some plants grow at desert museums.
Some plants grow at elevate concentration.
Some plants grow at elevate ozone concentration.
Some plants grow at high temperature.
Some plants grow at museums.
Some plants grow at ozone concentration.
Some plants grow at sites.
Some plants grow at temperature.
Some plants grow best in a hot sun, others thrive with a couple of hours of daily shade.
Some plants grow best in cold rainy weather.
Some plants grow best in full sun while others prefer partial shade.
Some plants grow better at one time of the year than others.
Some plants grow better in water, while others grew well in dry soil.
Some plants grow carbon dioxide.
Some plants grow cattails.
Some plants grow dioxide.
Some plants grow dirt.
Some plants grow embryos.
Some plants grow feet.
Some plants grow ferns.
Some plants grow few feet.
Some plants grow for fruit.
Some plants grow for long time.
Some plants grow for time.
Some plants grow from buds.
Some plants grow from bulbs which can grow small new bulbs at the root level.
Some plants grow from bulbs.
Some plants grow from flowers.
Some plants grow from leaf tips.
Some plants grow from rhizomes.
Some plants grow from seeds.
Some plants grow from shape bulbs.
Some plants grow from spores.
Some plants grow from stumps.
Some plants grow from tips.
Some plants grow from underground rhizomes.
Some plants grow fronds.
Some plants grow fruit.
Some plants grow gametophytes.
Some plants grow higher than others for sunlight.
Some plants grow in alpine tundra.
Some plants grow in aquaria.
Some plants grow in arid zones.
Some plants grow in banks.
Some plants grow in basal rosettes.
Some plants grow in baskets.
Some plants grow in beds.
Some plants grow in bottoms.
Some plants grow in canyon bottoms.
Some plants grow in chambers.
Some plants grow in cliffs.
Some plants grow in clumps to protect one another from the wind and cold.
Some plants grow in coastal cliffs.
Some plants grow in communities.
Some plants grow in containers.
Some plants grow in cool weather.
Some plants grow in cracks.
Some plants grow in deep shades.
Some plants grow in deep wood.
Some plants grow in degrees.
Some plants grow in deserts.
Some plants grow in difficult terrains.
Some plants grow in dry deserts.
Some plants grow in dry wood.
Some plants grow in elevate ozones.
Some plants grow in forests or caves that get very little sunlight.
Some plants grow in garden beds.
Some plants grow in gardens.
Some plants grow in growth chambers.
Some plants grow in high salinity.
Some plants grow in homes.
Some plants grow in isolation.
Some plants grow in lakes.
Some plants grow in length.
Some plants grow in mass.
Some plants grow in neighborhoods.
Some plants grow in nurseries.
Some plants grow in oceans.
Some plants grow in ozones.
Some plants grow in part shades.
Some plants grow in partial shades.
Some plants grow in plots.
Some plants grow in rock gardens.
Some plants grow in rosettes.
Some plants grow in salinity.
Some plants grow in salt lakes.
Some plants grow in salt water.
Some plants grow in sea.
Some plants grow in second years.
Some plants grow in shades.
Some plants grow in shallow water.
Some plants grow in soil that has collected in the cracks of rocks.
Some plants grow in soil-free environments.
Some plants grow in stand water.
Some plants grow in steep cliffs.
Some plants grow in steep coastal cliffs.
Some plants grow in terrains.
Some plants grow in the hot, dry desert.
Some plants grow in thickness.
Some plants grow in troughs.
Some plants grow in tundra.
Some plants grow in types.
Some plants grow in vertical cliffs.
Some plants grow in water.
Some plants grow in weather.
Some plants grow in winter.
Some plants grow in wood.
Some plants grow in years.
Some plants grow in zones.
Some plants grow layers.
Some plants grow light.
Some plants grow near truffles.
Some plants grow nettles.
Some plants grow nodes.
Some plants grow on beaches.
Some plants grow on beds.
Some plants grow on bottoms.
Some plants grow on bushes.
Some plants grow on dry beds.
Some plants grow on dry river beds.
Some plants grow on edges.
Some plants grow on face slopes.
Some plants grow on leaves.
Some plants grow on ledges.
Some plants grow on limestone pavement.
Some plants grow on pavement.
Some plants grow on ranges.
Some plants grow on river beds.
Some plants grow on slopes.
Some plants grow on southward slopes.
Some plants grow on stalks.
Some plants grow on thorny bushes.
Some plants grow on tree trunks.
Some plants grow on trunks.
Some plants grow on wastewater.
Some plants grow over many years.
Some plants grow over years.
Some plants grow several feet.
Some plants grow soybeans.
Some plants grow substances.
Some plants grow to feet.
Some plants grow trunks.
Some plants grow under shades.
Some plants grow underground stems called rhizomes.
Some plants grow underwater.
Some plants grow well together.
Some plants grow winter.
Some plants grow with compost.
Some plants handle drought stress better than others.
Some plants have a different way of protecting themselves.
Some plants have a dry dehiscent fruit which, when split open and helps disseminate seeds.
Some plants have a high capability of accumulating metals from the soil.
Some plants have a higher tolerance for salt than others.
Some plants have a natural bushy habit, with each stem creating further side shoots.
Some plants have a new chute growing beside the existing stalk.
Some plants have ability.
Some plants have abundances.
Some plants have actions.
Some plants have activities.
Some plants have adaptive ability.
Some plants have additional systems to remove nutrients and pathogens.
Some plants have adequate leaf areas.
Some plants have air.
Some plants have an equally infallible method of sex-determination.
Some plants have antibacterial activities.
Some plants have arch habits.
Some plants have areas.
Some plants have arms.
Some plants have aromatic foliage and stems in addition to or rather than aromatic flowers.
Some plants have barbs or similar mechanisms on their seeds.
Some plants have beneficial fungi.
Some plants have berries.
Some plants have big wide leaves and some have spiked ones.
Some plants have biomass.
Some plants have bloom habits.
Some plants have boilers.
Some plants have both edible and poisonous parts.
Some plants have both male and female flowers, others have one or the other.
Some plants have both male and female reproductive organs.
Some plants have branch habits.
Some plants have broad blades.
Some plants have bulbs.
Some plants have burrs attached to their seeds.
Some plants have bushy habits.
Some plants have buttress roots.
Some plants have canes.
Some plants have capsules.
Some plants have carbohydrates.
Some plants have catkins.
Some plants have certain requirements.
Some plants have chances.
Some plants have channels.
Some plants have choices.
Some plants have circles.
Some plants have clear gels.
Some plants have coats.
Some plants have color.
Some plants have compact habits.
Some plants have cones.
Some plants have consequences.
Some plants have cool towers.
Some plants have copies.
Some plants have cuticles.
Some plants have damage.
Some plants have deep hollows called domatia in the biologocial terminology.
Some plants have deep red new growth.
Some plants have degrees.
Some plants have develop vascular tissue.
Some plants have different growth requirements.
Some plants have different nutrient requirements.
Some plants have different requirements.
Some plants have different rooting ability at different times of the year.
Some plants have different strategies.
Some plants have difficulty.
Some plants have digestion.
Some plants have distribution.
Some plants have double flowers.
Some plants have dry biomass.
Some plants have edges.
Some plants have emissions.
Some plants have exceedingly long life-spans.
Some plants have extremely hairy leaves or thick, waxy cuticles that deter insect feeding.
Some plants have flower heads.
Some plants have flower spikes.
Some plants have flowers that are small, colourless or green or brown and are often hard to notice.
Some plants have flowers, while some have different kinds of seeds.
Some plants have flowers.
Some plants have fronds.
Some plants have fruit capsules.
Some plants have full time rabbinical staff.
Some plants have fungi.
Some plants have gels.
Some plants have general requirements.
Some plants have glands.
Some plants have glandular hairs on their leaves, stems, and pods.
Some plants have glossy coats.
Some plants have good green color.
Some plants have great medicinal value, some are quite poisonous.
Some plants have green algas.
Some plants have green color.
Some plants have grow algas.
Some plants have grow seasons.
Some plants have growth habits.
Some plants have habits.
Some plants have hairs on their stems that keep robbers from even reaching the flower cluster.
Some plants have hard tissue.
Some plants have hard, waxy seed coats that are nearly waterproof.
Some plants have heads.
Some plants have hearts.
Some plants have heat.
Some plants have high values.
Some plants have high water requirements.
Some plants have holes.
Some plants have inflorescences.
Some plants have irregular areas.
Some plants have juicy fruit that animals like to eat.
Some plants have landscapes.
Some plants have large cool towers.
Some plants have large vacuoles.
Some plants have leaf areas.
Some plants have leaf blades.
Some plants have light.
Some plants have lilies.
Some plants have long inflorescences.
Some plants have long roots called taproots.
Some plants have long shoots and spur shoots , on which flowering often occurs.
Some plants have long slender stems that develop roots when they touch the ground.
Some plants have longer life spans than others.
Some plants have low tolerance.
Some plants have lower resistance.
Some plants have male flowers, others female flowers that form fruit.
Some plants have marvelous leaves that look great in arrangements.
Some plants have maximum leaf areas.
Some plants have meristematic tissue in unexpected places.
Some plants have methods.
Some plants have modes.
Some plants have modification.
Some plants have more pronounced sex organs than others.
Some plants have more specific requirements.
Some plants have more than one stem while some single-stem plants clump together.
Some plants have motors that are one-fifth the size of bacterial motors.
Some plants have multiple trunks.
Some plants have multiple uses.
Some plants have national societies working on their behalf.
Some plants have native plant abundances.
Some plants have natural defenses against fire.
Some plants have necks.
Some plants have nectar.
Some plants have needles.
Some plants have niches.
Some plants have nutrient requirements.
Some plants have odor.
Some plants have offspring.
Some plants have one leaf to start their lives out with, and some have a pair.
Some plants have operations.
Some plants have optimum ranges.
Some plants have optimum temperature ranges.
Some plants have orange.
Some plants have other bark characteristics which can be mistaken for problems.
Some plants have pads.
Some plants have parts that are safe only during a certain stage of their growth.
Some plants have peas.
Some plants have peculiar habits.
Some plants have plants.
Some plants have possessions.
Some plants have pots.
Some plants have power.
Some plants have principles.
Some plants have prominent blotches in yellow or gold, while others are uniform in color.
Some plants have protective coats.
Some plants have quality.
Some plants have rainwater.
Some plants have ranges.
Some plants have red color.
Some plants have reputations.
Some plants have requirements.
Some plants have resistance.
Some plants have roots and are securely rooted into rocks.
Some plants have roots that can produce new plants from root pieces, such as a sweet potato.
Some plants have roots that originate above ground from stems or leaves.
Some plants have rosettes.
Some plants have rough texture.
Some plants have same general requirements.
Some plants have seasons.
Some plants have second year plants.
Some plants have seed pods that explode and send all the seeds all over the ground.
Some plants have seeds contained in large pods.
Some plants have seeds within fruits acting as kites or propellers that aid in wind dispersal.
Some plants have seeds without flowers such as a pine tree.
Some plants have sepals.
Some plants have separate individual plants.
Some plants have several common names.
Some plants have shades.
Some plants have sharp needles.
Some plants have sides.
Some plants have silver sheen.
Some plants have single spikes.
Some plants have skin.
Some plants have slender capsules.
Some plants have slender trunks.
Some plants have small distribution ranges and others are widespread.
Some plants have soft, fuzzy leaves or flowers, like lamb's ear, woolly thyme, and pussy willow.
Some plants have spears.
Some plants have specific day-length requirements.
Some plants have specific methods.
Some plants have specific pH preferences.
Some plants have spikes.
Some plants have spinach.
Some plants have sprawl habits.
Some plants have sticky pads.
Some plants have stomata.
Some plants have strategies.
Some plants have strong odor.
Some plants have structural modification.
Some plants have stylets.
Some plants have substances that are very irritating to the tongue, mouth and skin.
Some plants have suckers.
Some plants have surface areas.
Some plants have symptoms.
Some plants have tales.
Some plants have tall flower spikes.
Some plants have tall pots.
Some plants have tall spikes.
Some plants have temperature ranges.
Some plants have terminal inflorescences.
Some plants have texture.
Some plants have the ability to sprout when the above ground portion has been burned.
Some plants have their seeds opened up and exposed to ash-enriched soils.
Some plants have thick coats.
Some plants have thick cuticles.
Some plants have thick waxy coats.
Some plants have thick waxy cuticles.
Some plants have thicker leaves, like magnolia.
Some plants have thorns.
Some plants have three or four tunnels per stalk.
Some plants have tissue.
Some plants have tolerance ranges.
Some plants have tolerance.
Some plants have towers.
Some plants have treatments.
Some plants have trouble.
Some plants have unique methods.
Some plants have unique ways to disperse their seeds.
Some plants have unpleasant odor.
Some plants have upright growth habits.
Some plants have upright habits.
Some plants have vacuoles.
Some plants have values.
Some plants have variations in foliage colour from one time of the year to the next.
Some plants have vascular tissue.
Some plants have very long roots which grow in to the ground to reach underground water sources.
Some plants have vines.
Some plants have waxy coats.
Some plants have waxy cuticles.
Some plants have waxy skin.
Some plants have waxy surfaces to cut down on evaporation.
Some plants have webbing roots that look like a lot of hairs in a ball or clump.
Some plants have white flowers.
Some plants have wide host ranges.
Some plants have wide ranges.
Some plants have wildfires.
Some plants have wind burn from the windy conditions.
Some plants have wind-dispersed seeds, which are occasionally blown many miles from their origins.
Some plants have yards.
Some plants help animals.
Some plants help burns.
Some plants help deer.
Some plants help erosion.
Some plants help humidity.
Some plants help mask traffic noise by rustling in the wind-talk to a landscape architect for ideas.
Some plants help minor burns.
Some plants help plants.
Some plants help prevent cardiovascular diseases.
Some plants help prevent diseases.
Some plants hide deadly poisons in their leaves, seeds, flowers or berries.
Some plants improve digestion.
Some plants increase diversity.
Some plants increase erosion.
Some plants increase soil erosion.
Some plants increase turbidities.
Some plants infected with rose mosaic virus remain symptomless.
Some plants inhibit growth.
Some plants initiate flowering after having undergone exposure to a period of cold.
Some plants invade areas.
Some plants invade farmland.
Some plants invade fields.
Some plants invade lawns.
Some plants invade natural areas.
Some plants invade surfaces.
Some plants involve more preparation than others.
Some plants irritate skin.
Some plants just get bigger and bigger in size.
Some plants just like to grow and show.
Some plants just take longer to get started.
Some plants just take longer to wake up from their naps.
Some plants kill plants.
Some plants know as ferns.
Some plants lack flower petals.
Some plants lack leaves.
Some plants lack petals.
Some plants layer themselves naturally, but sometimes plant propagators assist the process.
Some plants lead to specialization.
Some plants lend themselves to an upright posture.
Some plants lend themselves to home germination better than others.
Some plants link to individual pages containing color photos and botanical descriptions.
Some plants listed as annuals are actually tender perennials .
Some plants live for centuries.
Some plants live for decades.
Some plants live for many years.
Some plants live for months.
Some plants live for several years.
Some plants live for years.
Some plants live in arid conditions.
Some plants live in conditions.
Some plants live in estuaries.
Some plants live in fresh water and some live in salt water.
Some plants live in isolation.
Some plants live in oceans.
Some plants live in ponds.
Some plants live in rivers.
Some plants live in savanna.
Some plants live in such conditions.
Some plants look like cacti.
Some plants look like cattails.
Some plants look like ferns.
Some plants look like float leaves.
Some plants look like green leaves.
Some plants look like leaves.
Some plants look like trees.
Some plants look like trunks.
Some plants lose little moisture.
Some plants lose moisture.
Some plants lose their gloss and start to droop a little before wilting.
Some plants love sunny windows and others love shade.
Some plants make a cover for their seeds.
Some plants make a lot of seeds , some make only a few .
Some plants make a lot of seeds, some make only a few.
Some plants make companion plants.
Some plants make cut flowers.
Some plants make daughter plants at the rosette base or along the rhizome.
Some plants make excellent companion plants.
Some plants make flowers.
Some plants make great cut flowers.
Some plants make great house plants.
Some plants make landscapes.
Some plants make meals.
Some plants make nectar outside the flower .
Some plants make nectar outside the flower.
Some plants make next meals.
Some plants make plants.
Some plants make pot plants.
Some plants make powerful allies in the battle against harmful insects.
Some plants make south carolina landscapes.
Some plants make substances that can kill an animal that ingests the plant.
Some plants make sugar.
Some plants make use of multiple vectors, but many are highly specialised.
Some plants mate by sending their pollen, which is like sperm, out to fertilize other plants.
Some plants mature early, some late.
Some plants mix with water.
Some plants move water faster than others.
Some plants naturally attract lots of butterflies.
Some plants never make the shift.
Some plants never recover from the shock.
Some plants obtain energy.
Some plants obtain nourishment.
Some plants occur in counties.
Some plants occur in day deserts.
Some plants occur in deserts.
Some plants occur in patches.
Some plants offer alternatives.
Some plants offer biological potency.
Some plants offer potency.
Some plants offer safe alternatives.
Some plants offer significant potency.
Some plants offer their seeds without juicy pulp to attract mammals.
Some plants only bear leaves and flowers once , then they die .
Some plants only bear leaves and flowers once, then they die.
Some plants originate from environments.
Some plants originate from sources.
Some plants originate in places.
Some plants perform best when given more of a certain color light.
Some plants perform better in the shade, some in full sun.
Some plants photosynthesize in full sunlight while others function better in shaded environments.
Some plants play possum until the water comes.
Some plants pollinated by night-flying moths only open their flowers at night.
Some plants possess ability.
Some plants possess cotyledons.
Some plants possess resistance.
Some plants possess roots.
Some plants prefer a more alkaline soil, while others prefer a more acid soil.
Some plants prefer acidic, while other prefer alkaline.
Some plants prefer areas.
Some plants prefer average humidity.
Some plants prefer climates.
Some plants prefer disturb areas.
Some plants prefer humidity.
Some plants prefer more moisture, while others are better at tolerating drought.
Some plants prefer more water than others.
Some plants prefer protect areas.
Some plants prefer ranges.
Some plants prefer soils of a certain pH value and others of another.
Some plants prefer staying on the dry side, others, like to be consistently moist.
Some plants prefer the ammonium form of N, and others like to take up nitrate first.
Some plants prefer to dry out a bit between waterings.
Some plants prefer wet areas, some prefer dry ones.
Some plants prefer wet soils, while others like a dry site.
Some plants prefer wet, boggy soil.
Some plants prevent diseases.
Some plants prevent outbreaks.
Some plants process non-Kosher soups and sauces.
Some plants produce a modified stem that is referred to as a tuberous stem.
Some plants produce adventitious shoots and suckers that form along their lateral roots.
Some plants produce an underground food storage organ.
Some plants produce antibodies.
Some plants produce bananas.
Some plants produce beans.
Some plants produce berries.
Some plants produce better rooting when cuttings are taken from juvenile parts of the plant.
Some plants produce both eggs and sperm.
Some plants produce both parasitic roots and ordinary roots for absorp- tion of water from the soil.
Some plants produce bulbs.
Some plants produce canes.
Some plants produce carbon.
Some plants produce cell types.
Some plants produce chemicals from their roots that retard the growth of other nearby plants.
Some plants produce chemicals that deter the pest.
Some plants produce cobs.
Some plants produce cones.
Some plants produce cucumbers.
Some plants produce cylindrical fruit.
Some plants produce distinct organs.
Some plants produce ears.
Some plants produce edible fruit.
Some plants produce effects.
Some plants produce electricity.
Some plants produce embryos.
Some plants produce female cones.
Some plants produce female organs.
Some plants produce female sex organs.
Some plants produce fibre.
Some plants produce fire.
Some plants produce flower stalks.
Some plants produce flowers when they turn into adults.
Some plants produce flowers, transforming to a bulb, and the bulb is the seed container.
Some plants produce flowers.
Some plants produce fruit stalks.
Some plants produce fruit that is attractive.
Some plants produce fruit.
Some plants produce gases.
Some plants produce gels.
Some plants produce grapes.
Some plants produce green peas.
Some plants produce gummosis or sap that traps insects.
Some plants produce healthy fruit.
Some plants produce high quality fruit.
Some plants produce inflorescences.
Some plants produce large amounts of tiny light pollen grains which blow over long distances.
Some plants produce large, sweet, perishable fruits.
Some plants produce long stalks.
Some plants produce male cones.
Some plants produce marijuana.
Some plants produce materials which mimic insect hormones.
Some plants produce materials.
Some plants produce melons.
Some plants produce much fruit.
Some plants produce multicellular organs.
Some plants produce new plant shoots from their root systems.
Some plants produce new plants on their own.
Some plants produce oblong fruit.
Some plants produce offspring which are genetically similar to themselves.
Some plants produce oil.
Some plants produce oils which can cause skin irritation .
Some plants produce orange.
Some plants produce organs.
Some plants produce ovaries.
Some plants produce palm oil.
Some plants produce peas.
Some plants produce phloem.
Some plants produce pineapples.
Some plants produce pitchers.
Some plants produce poison.
Some plants produce poisonous chemicals that discourage or even kill plant eaters.
Some plants produce pollen cones.
Some plants produce poor quality fruit.
Some plants produce red berries.
Some plants produce red fruit.
Some plants produce reproductive organs.
Some plants produce rhizomes and suckers which are identical to the parent plant.
Some plants produce rosettes.
Some plants produce seeds by an asexual process called apomixis.
Some plants produce sex organs.
Some plants produce shape fruit.
Some plants produce small cones.
Some plants produce small red berries.
Some plants produce small round berries.
Some plants produce small tubers.
Some plants produce so many seeds and volunteer plants that they become overcrowded and invasive.
Some plants produce soft fruit.
Some plants produce spikes.
Some plants produce spores.
Some plants produce stalks.
Some plants produce storage organs.
Some plants produce sugary fruit.
Some plants produce sweet fruit.
Some plants produce tall stalks.
Some plants produce tasty fruit.
Some plants produce tendrils.
Some plants produce thin stalks.
Some plants produce toxic chemicals that can kill pathogens.
Some plants produce toxins which can kill insects that feed on plants.
Some plants produce tropical fruit.
Some plants produce tubers.
Some plants produce turnips.
Some plants produce two kinds of flowers on the same plant.
Some plants produce types.
Some plants produce underground storage organs.
Some plants produce up to fruit.
Some plants produce variegated leaves for genetic reasons.
Some plants produce vines.
Some plants produce weapons tailored to their attackers.
Some plants produce yellow fruit.
Some plants produce yellow, white, red, or pink flowers.
Some plants propagate naturally by layering, but sometimes plant propagators assist the process.
Some plants propagate naturally by layering, e.g., raspberries, strawberries, and chrysanthemums.
Some plants protect blossoms.
Some plants protect embryonic sporophytes.
Some plants protect embryos.
Some plants protect other plants.
Some plants protect sporophytes.
Some plants protect their buds as an adaptive strategy to survive a fire.
Some plants protect themselves using cunning tricks with molucules.
Some plants provide biological insight.
Some plants provide evidence.
Some plants provide excellent hide places.
Some plants provide excellent places.
Some plants provide extrafloral nectaries to attract ants.
Some plants provide food.
Some plants provide good food.
Some plants provide harvest.
Some plants provide hide places.
Some plants provide important biological insight.
Some plants provide important insight.
Some plants provide insight.
Some plants provide places.
Some plants provide protection.
Some plants provide relief.
Some plants provide sanctuaries.
Some plants provide security.
Some plants provide shades.
Some plants provide structures.
Some plants put the milk in bottles, sachets or cartons first and then heat treat the milk.
Some plants reach adulthood.
Some plants reach feet.
Some plants react to cold temperatures by developing dark, almost black leaves that curl.
Some plants receive attention.
Some plants receive energy.
Some plants receive food.
Some plants receive much attention.
Some plants receive plant food.
Some plants receive protection.
Some plants receive treatments.
Some plants receive warmth.
Some plants recycle cooling water.
Some plants reduce consumption.
Some plants reduce pressure.
Some plants reduce transpiration.
Some plants reduce water consumption.
Some plants reduce water loss by reducing heating by the sun.
Some plants refuse to flower, while others drop flower buds and foliage when exposed to gases.
Some plants regenerate quickly while others take many years longer to regenerate.
Some plants release defensive chemicals into the soil through their roots.
Some plants rely more on heat, others more on light.
Some plants rely on animals.
Some plants rely on ants.
Some plants rely on bees.
Some plants rely on fungal mycorrhizae for their sugars and some depend on saprophytic soil fugus.
Some plants rely on fungi.
Some plants rely on insect pollinators.
Some plants rely on moths.
Some plants rely on nitrogen extracted from air and other.
Some plants rely on nutrition.
Some plants rely on pollinators.
Some plants rely on rhizomes.
Some plants rely on symbiotic fungi.
Some plants remain plants.
Some plants remain rosette all season.
Some plants remain rosetted all season.
Some plants remove carbon dioxide.
Some plants remove dioxide.
Some plants remove toxins from the environment and can be used to control indoor air quality.
Some plants remove water from foundation soil, causing a drying effect.
Some plants replace seedlings.
Some plants replace trees.
Some plants reproduce asexually but are multi-cellular.
Some plants reproduce by a mixture of outcrossing, selfing, and asexual reproduction.
Some plants reproduce by asexual means.
Some plants reproduce by producing seeds .
Some plants reproduce to form similar identical plants by sending out runners e.g. strawberry .
Some plants reproduce to form similar identical plants by sending out runners e.g. strawberry.
Some plants reproduce use haploid spores.
Some plants reproduce use spores.
Some plants reproduce via a system of above-ground runners.
Some plants reproduce without seeds.
Some plants require a drop in night temperature to bloom.
Some plants require a particular night length to flower.
Some plants require a soil very high in organic materials that have an acid reaction.
Some plants require all day sun to be at their best.
Some plants require applications.
Some plants require as little as one-tenth of full sunlight.
Some plants require bees.
Some plants require effort.
Some plants require full sun all day.
Some plants require high humidity to survive.
Some plants require irrigation.
Some plants require lots of potassium, more than any other nutrient.
Some plants require lots of warm sunshine, but others are okay with just a few hours of cool light.
Some plants require materials.
Some plants require moist soil, some a drier soil.
Some plants require more effort than others.
Some plants require more water and some plants require less water.
Some plants require more while others prefer less.
Some plants require much more frequent application of water as opposed to others.
Some plants require power.
Some plants require preparation.
Some plants require quarantine.
Some plants require special mixes, e.g., bromeliads, orchids, and African violets.
Some plants require substances.
Some plants require treatments.
Some plants require variation.
Some plants require very specialised environments while others are more tolerant.
Some plants require watering more often.
Some plants require wetting and drying cycles to reproduce, such as river red gums.
Some plants resemble basils.
Some plants resemble buttercups.
Some plants resemble cacti.
Some plants resemble celery.
Some plants resemble ferns.
Some plants resemble nettles.
Some plants resemble oats.
Some plants resemble spinach.
Some plants resemble tree ferns.
Some plants respond to attacks.
Some plants respond to conditions.
Some plants respond to drought conditions.
Some plants respond to herbivory by modifying their architecture.
Some plants respond to initial attacks.
Some plants respond to insect attacks.
Some plants respond to radiation.
Some plants resprout from the roots after a fire.
Some plants retain petioles.
Some plants root so readily from stem or tip cuttings they can be started in plain tap water.
Some plants scatter their seeds by using the wind.
Some plants secrete nectar.
Some plants secrete wax in small quantity but some are regular source of commercial wax.
Some plants secrete wax.
Some plants seem to be more suited to it than others.
Some plants seems to have been infected by a foliar fungal disease, brown spot.
Some plants send roots all the way to the ground.
Some plants send up shoots from their roots and form big clumps of stalks and leaves.
Some plants serve as food.
Some plants shed spores.
Some plants shield their leaves with a thick, waxy cuticle.
Some plants show activities.
Some plants show cold damage with actual loss currently being analyzed.
Some plants show colorful orange and red tints rather than yellowing.
Some plants show damage.
Some plants show dark green, water-soaked areas in leaves which expand rapidly.
Some plants show evidence.
Some plants show excellent tolerance to anoxia.
Some plants show foliage damage to the tops with actual loss currently being measured.
Some plants show greater attractiveness than others.
Some plants show ion uptake.
Some plants show leaf damage from the recent freeze.
Some plants show no early symptoms of drought stress.
Some plants show only moderate stunting.
Some plants show stress from the dry weather.
Some plants show uneven fruit setting due to the earlier freeze.
Some plants show uptake.
Some plants simply break in a heavy storm.
Some plants simply evade drought.
Some plants sit on the speakers that flank the stage.
Some plants solve problems.
Some plants spread flowers.
Some plants spread spores.
Some plants sprout from rhizomes.
Some plants sprout from stumps.
Some plants start flowers.
Some plants stop other plants seeds from sprouting, seem like some just retard other plants roots.
Some plants stop responding while others continue over the course of years.
Some plants store protective chemicals in the leaves they drop.
Some plants suffer extinction.
Some plants suffer from deficiencies.
Some plants suffer from nutrient deficiencies.
Some plants suffer infection.
Some plants supply retail outlets as opposed to selling directly.
Some plants support adult butterflies.
Some plants support butterflies.
Some plants support insects.
Some plants support pollinators.
Some plants support their larvae while others support adult butterflies.
Some plants suppress accumulation.
Some plants suppress growth.
Some plants survive bitter winter.
Some plants survive cold weather.
Some plants survive cold winter.
Some plants survive drought.
Some plants survive dry seasons.
Some plants survive dry weather.
Some plants survive entire seasons.
Some plants survive fire.
Some plants survive first grow seasons.
Some plants survive first seasons.
Some plants survive for decades.
Some plants survive for weeks.
Some plants survive frost.
Some plants survive grow seasons.
Some plants survive hard frost.
Some plants survive harvest.
Some plants survive in zones.
Some plants survive infection.
Some plants survive last frost.
Some plants survive light frost.
Some plants survive mild winter.
Some plants survive quakes.
Some plants survive seasons.
Some plants survive treatments.
Some plants survive water.
Some plants survive weather.
Some plants survive wet winter.
Some plants survive winter.
Some plants take advantage of rivers, floods, rain, or ocean currents to disperse their seeds.
Some plants take as much water during their first year of establishment as any other plant.
Some plants take care of themselves in still another way.
Some plants take less pruning than others.
Some plants take longer to root than others.
Some plants take over gardens.
Some plants take up and store fluorides in their leaves and stems.
Some plants take up carbon dioxide.
Some plants take up compounds.
Some plants take up dioxide.
Some plants take up excess carbon dioxide.
Some plants take up more or less of certain chemicals from the ground than others.
Some plants take up nitrate.
Some plants tend to be more robust than others.
Some plants tend to bud out earlier than others.
Some plants tend to continue growing, despite cold temperatures and reduced day length.
Some plants tend to grow upright with little lateral growth.
Some plants tend to hold the soap solution on their leaf surfaces.
Some plants thrive in partial shade, others tolerate heavy shade.
Some plants thrive in partial shades.
Some plants thrive in shades.
Some plants thrive particularly well in an indoor environment.
Some plants thrive under moist conditions while other plants grow well when kept drier.
Some plants tolerate damage.
Some plants tolerate drought.
Some plants tolerate dry conditions better than others.
Some plants tolerate moderate drought.
Some plants tolerate neglect better than others.
Some plants tolerate shades.
Some plants too are endemic to the area, especially a number of the protea species.
Some plants touch surfaces.
Some plants transformed with pieces of viral genomes are resistant to viral infection.
Some plants transpire large amounts of water, while others use relatively little.
Some plants try to protect themselves, as with the palm with spikes below.
Some plants turn black, or show dead spots in leaf midribs.
Some plants turn in respect to sun.
Some plants turn purple at harvest time.
Some plants turn towards light or water.
Some plants typically have flowers.
Some plants undergo mitosis.
Some plants use animals to spread their fruits and seeds.
Some plants use animals to spread their seeds.
Some plants use automatic control for only one product, and manual control for the other.
Some plants use carbon.
Some plants use chemical defences.
Some plants use coal.
Some plants use different strategies.
Some plants use fission fusion.
Some plants use fission.
Some plants use for tea.
Some plants use fossil fuel.
Some plants use fuel.
Some plants use fusion.
Some plants use generalist pollinators.
Some plants use in folk medicine.
Some plants use in medicine.
Some plants use in mexican traditional medicine.
Some plants use in south african traditional medicine.
Some plants use in traditional medicine.
Some plants use moving water to scatter their seeds.
Some plants use nuclear fission.
Some plants use poisons to protect themselves from hungry animals.
Some plants use pollinators.
Some plants use power.
Some plants use steam.
Some plants use strategies.
Some plants use sugar.
Some plants use the heat to their advantage.
Some plants use the wind to carry their pollen whereas others use insects.
Some plants use thorns to protect themselves from being eaten by larger animals.
Some plants use types.
Some plants use uranium.
Some plants use various strategies.
Some plants use wind to disperse pollen.
Some plants use wind.
Some plants used are sage, sagebrush, ferns, bayberry, teaberry, lilac, to name just a few.
Some plants utilize gases.
Some plants utilize insects in their defense.
Some plants utilize nitrogen gases.
Some plants yield berries.
Some plants yield peanuts.
Some plants yield vegetables.
A plantain is a banana
Plantain grows as a weed in most places.
Plantain grows in most soils and prefers full sun.
Plantain grows wild in the North Georgia area.
Plantain is a cough suppressant and fights bacteria.
Plantain is a type of banana that is larger and coarser.
Plantain is nature's bandaid - vulnerary, emollient and astringent.
Plantain is one of the most abundant and widely spread medicinal herbs in the world today.
Plantain is one of the most popular folk herbal remedies for burns in the United States.
Plantain is quite different from dessert banana, being taller and larger and more drought tolerant.
Plantain is usually plentiful and can be easily harvested anytime from early spring until frost.
Plantain isa herb.
Plantain leaves have many practical uses, as they are larger and stronger than banana leaves.
Plantain produces long, narrow spikes which rise well above the leaves.
Plantain soothes pain, speeds healing, and fights infection.
Plantain soothes the cough reflex.
Plantains also provide an excellent source of dietary fiber.
Plantains are a member of the banana family.
Plantains are a staple food in tropical regions , treated similarly to potatoes .
Plantains are a staple food in tropical regions, treated similarly to potatoes.
Plantains are a staple food source in many parts of the world.
Plantains are a type of banana that is treated like a vegatable.
Plantains are a versatile fruit that can be used in many ways.
Plantains are a very healthy fruit to eat.
Plantains are among the most prolific food crops.
Plantains are available all year long.
Plantains are available to be eaten in two different states.
Plantains are banana like and are fried or dried.
Plantains are bananas.
Plantains are common weeds in turf.
Plantains are common weeds, some varieties being annual and some perennial.
Plantains are fruits and in some countries they are eaten as vegetables.
Plantains are herbs.
Plantains are large, starchy bananas.
Plantains are lesser-known members of the banana family.
Plantains are longer than bananas and they have thicker skins.
Plantains are native to India and are grown most widely in tropical climates.
Plantains are part of plantains.
Plantains are perennial weeds.
Plantains are starchy types that are cooked before eating.
Plantains are suitable for cooking only.
Plantains are vegetables.
Plantains become sweeter as it ripens.
Plantains carry more vitamin A than bananas.
Plantains contain a substance which stimulates healing of gastric mucosa.
Plantains form the bulk of the bananas that are consumed as staple crops.
Plantains get sunlight.
Plantains grow best in areas with constant warm temperatures and protection from strong winds.
Plantains grow on trees, and other parts of the tree are also used for practical purposes.
Plantains grow up the tree.
Plantains have (part) cell membranes.
Plantains have (part) cells.
Plantains have (part) corpi.
Plantains have (part) cytoplasm.
Plantains have (part) nuclei.
Plantains have (part) plasma membranes.
Plantains have (part) sections.
Plantains have (part) vacuoles.
Plantains have (part) vegetables.
Plantains have bitter taste.
Plantains have sugar.
Plantains have taste.
Plantains indicate very compacted or constantly wet soil.
Plantains look and grow just like bananas.
Plantains look just like bananas but are larger and thicker, and have a different flavor.
Plantains look like huge bananas hooked on steroids.
Plantains look like large bananas, but they have a bitter taste unless cooked.
Plantains sprout in mid spring, then send up a flower stalk in early to mid summer.
Plantains tend to be firmer and lower in sugar content than dessert bananas.
Plantains tolerate constant disturbance such as mowing and trampling.
Plantains often reach a considerable size.
Most plantains get sunlight.
Most plantains have bitter taste.
Most plantains have sugar.
Some plantains have ability.
Some plantains have bases.
Some plantains have green leaf bases.
Some plantains have problems.
Some plantains have starches.
Some plantains help digestion.
A plantar wart is a defect
Plantar warts are warts.
Plantar warts can be common in people who sweat heavily and who do a lot of walking or exercising.
Plantar warts can be painful.
Plantar warts can be very painful when weight bearing.
Plantation economies rely on the export of cash crops as a source of income.
Plantation era exhibits.
Plantation forestry makes the big money.
Some plantation owners play games.
Plantation records reveal nearly every aspect of plantation life.
Plantation shutters adorn the windows in nearly every room.
Plantation shutters are in the master bedroom and living room.
Plantation shutters have smaller louvers and Caribbean shutters have larger louvers.
Plantation shutters provide complete light control.
Plantation shutters remain in their original high quality state for years to come.
A plantation is an acres
Plantation also has a visibly distinct dark green turf.
Plantation has a museum.
Plantation has more upscale homes and light industry.
Plantation includes all amenities and social activities with limited golf privileges.
Plantation is marked by a chapel, where the couple is buried, and a resaca.
Plantation is one of our nation's most popular tourist and business travel destinations.
Plantation is suited for use by the turf professional as well as the discriminating homeowner.
Plantation is the stimulation of the fact-initiation.
Plantation isa possession.
Plantation misinterprets the statute.
Plantation offers a wide array of hotels for traveling visitors.
Plantation offers many discount hotels and economy hotel rooms and resorts.
Plantations already supply the majority of our domestic timber needs.
Plantations also are more socially desirable than pastures because they create employment.
Plantations are also on the agenda.
Plantations are always young forests in ecological terms.
Plantations are colonies.
Plantations are estates.
Plantations are monocultures and have nothing in common with the diversity of the rainforest.
Plantations are monocultures, and the lack of biodiversity is of concern.
Plantations are on former agricultural land and on cutover forest land.
Plantations are usually near- or total monocultures.
Plantations burn and whites and blacks die in a backward look at a possible future race war in Eden.
Plantations burn easily.
Plantations can also harbour weeds and other pests that can spread to nearby natural areas.
Plantations can be highly productive.
Plantations follow the orchard style, with trees in rows.
Plantations have clear advantages in wood production.
Plantations help protect Australia against global warming and the greenhouse effect.
Plantations now provide more than half of our wood production.
Plantations offer about five years worth of habitat after the original clear-cut.
Plantations offer few opportunities for most wildlife to survive.
Plantations produce cacao, coconuts, coffee, cotton, kapok, pepper, rubber, tobacco, and vanilla.
Many plantations also produce fruits.
Most plantations make crude rubber from latex by coagulation.
Some plantations are historical preserves, and some are still working.
Planted acres are for all purposes.
Planted acres are very uneven and suffering from root rot in the water-saturated soils.
Planted aquariums have special needs regarding the use of filters .
Planted area is slightly below the previous estimate and five percent below last year's acreage.
Planted courtyards lie between the old and new buildings.
Planted shelterbelts provide the best wind protection.
Planteds are actions.
Planter warts are warts on the soles of the feet.
A planter is a farmer
Planter boxes with trellises and extra colour for the area.
Planter is in mint condition.
Planter isa farmer.
Planter monitor readouts - Calibrate at normal planting speeds and seeding rates.
Planters are a single entity.
Planters are also great by front doors or walkways.
Planters are concrete and benches can be concrete or wood and concrete combination.
Planters are farmers.
Planters are pots.
Planters are workers.
Planters bring slaves, anticipating fortunes from cotton.
Planters can enhance the decorative value of the plants.
Planters drain well, warm quickly, and thus produce early crops.
Planters encourage growth.
Planters grow into political force.
Planters have (part) arms.
Planters have (part) body substances.
Planters have (part) cell membranes.
Planters have (part) cells.
Planters have (part) corpi.
Planters have (part) cytoplasm.
Planters have (part) heads.
Planters have (part) human bodies.
Planters have (part) legs.
Planters have (part) material bodies.
Planters have (part) necks.
Planters have (part) nuclei.
Planters have (part) personality.
Planters have (part) plasma membranes.
Planters have (part) sections.
Planters have (part) vacuoles.
Planters have drainage.
Planters have good drainage.
Planters is a major buyer of our peanuts and has launched new promotional programs.
Planters is the resort's casual dining restaurant.
Planters move farms.
Planters stay in tents in Princeton and Adams Lake.
Planters subtly transform pedestrians into potential shoppers.
Planters Use old metal light fixtures as potted plant holders.
All planters actually do at least some tillage during planting.
Many planters do an excellent job of planting in less than perfect soil conditions.
Many planters say it is one of the best companies that they have worked for.
Most planters encourage growth.
Most planters have drainage.
Most planters have good drainage.
Most planters move farms.
Some planters accommodate two people.
Some planters encourage slaves.
Some planters hold slaves.
Some planters resort to intimidation and threats to keep their tenants from leaving.
Some planters seek to productivity.
Some planters sit in trays.
A planthopper is an insect
Planthoppers are among the most devastating pests of agricultural crops worldwide.
Planthoppers are more conspicuous than injurious.
Planthoppers normally move sideways, and both adults and nymphs hop readily if disturbed.
Planthoppers produce a powdery wax that is exuded from their abdomen.
Planting churches is more than establishing a meeting place or baptizing a group of believers.
Planting churches is the most effective way to reach unchurched people.
Planting design begins with the structural elements of trees and shrubs.
Planting strategies can also influence the types and number of pests and pest control options.
Planting trees are a favorable omen especially for love affairs.
Planting trees are forest protection.
Planting trees are hard work.
Planting trees are planting.
Planting trees begins the process of biodiversity recovery, with wildlife completing the process.
Planting trees can be a beautiful solution to the pollution problem.
Planting trees can be a good economic investment, and can help companies in other ways as well.
Planting trees can give a landowner an investment for their future or the future of their children.
Planting trees creates privacy and makes neighbourhoods look well established.
Planting trees has a variety of benefits for people and animals.
Planting trees incorporates both individual and community involvement in preserving our environment.
Planting trees is a excellent idea.
Planting trees is a practical way everyone can make a difference.
Planting trees is a risky business.
Planting trees is a simple, inexpensive way to assure Earth's health and future generations.
Planting trees is a very rewarding thing to do.
Planting trees is about making love with the Earth.
Planting trees is also an effective preventive measure.
Planting trees is also easy and fun.
Planting trees is an act of kindness and optimism.
Planting trees is an excellent first step.
Planting trees is an excellent way to help meet that goal.
Planting trees is an investment for the future.
Planting trees is good.
Planting trees is highly advisable to help reduce carbon dioxide levels.
Planting trees is just one part of the effort.
Planting trees is known as afforestation, cutting the trees is deforestation.
Planting trees is the best way to bring home fall color, and fall is the best time to plant trees.
Planting trees provides benefits both to individuals and to society.
Planting trees saves energy and money.
Planting trees takes time and money.
Planting are collections.
Planting are farming.
Planting are human activities.
Planting are outdoor activities.
Planting are placements.
Planting are positioning.
Planting Begin by potting the bulbs in clean, sterile clay or plastic pots.
Planting Begin planting carrots as soon as the soil can be worked in the spring.
Planting begins at the onset of spring conditions.
Planting begins in Spring with work throughout the growing season.
Planting begins with a hardy water lily.
Planting begins with the selection of species adapted to the site and climate.
Planting can be from mid spring to mid fall.
Planting can occur under very wet conditions with special transplanting equipment.
Planting can take place in the early spring or late summer.
Planting Choose a site where beans or peas grew the year before.
Planting competing plants nearby can help by shading the nutsedge, which needs sun to thrive.
Planting consists of blending two different types of corn.
Planting continues as fields dry out.
Planting continues at a mostly steady pace.
Planting continues at a slow pace.
Planting continues at a steady pace for the winter crop.
Planting continues at a steady pace.
Planting continues for spring.
Planting continues for the fall crop.
Planting continues for the spring crop.
Planting continues for the U.S. crop, and demand continues weak.
Planting continues for the winter crop.
Planting continues in some areas.
Planting continues on schedule with a small acreage set.
Planting continues on schedule.
Planting continues to gain momentum.
Planting continues to increase seasonally.
Planting continues to increase.
Planting continues to slow seasonally.
Planting continues to slow with some growers done.
Planting continues to slow.
Planting continues to slowly gain momentum as beds are cleaned off from the previous crop.
Planting continues under good conditions.
Planting continues when weather permits.
Planting continues with fair to good germination.
Planting continues with good germination.
Planting continues with many fields being double cropped.
Planting continues with plants making good stands.
Planting continues with workers irrigating to ensure proper growth of emerging plants.
Planting continues with young fields making good stands.
Planting continues, and germinating is good.
Planting continues, with a goal of producing multiple-age stands approximating natural growth.
Planting dates influence aphid abundance.
Planting Dig a hole large enough to accommodate all the roots without cramping.
Planting Dig a hole twice as wide and the same depth as the root ball.
Planting Dig a large hole for each plant.
Planting Dig each hole about twice the diameter of the container or rootball.
Planting Dig the crowns in the spring before the buds begin to grow.
Planting Dig the planting hole two times wider than the root ball and the same depth.
Planting do s and don ts.
Planting earlier can result in very slow emergence.
Planting Fill the container with the moist mix and press it down firmly with a flat board.
Planting heralds both the end of winter and the blush of summer.
Planting impatiens with a high quality time-release fertilizer is the biggest secret of all.
Planting imposes fewer restrictions on harvest methods, equipment and timing.
Planting involves digging a hole that is the depth of the root ball and at least twice as wide.
Planting is a magical undertaking, and one which brings great joy.
Planting is a very complex activity.
Planting is a wonderful activity to do with children.
Planting is about complete.
Planting is accomplished by volunteer organizations and school groups.
Planting is active with growers irrigating as needed.
Planting is active with most growers to start within the next seven to ten days.
Planting is active with mostly good germination.
Planting is active with plants making good stands.
Planting is active with second crops going in some fields that have been harvested.
Planting is active with some fall crop acreage being planted for a second crop.
Planting is active with some growers still laying plastic.
Planting is active with some producers finished.
Planting is active.
Planting is all but complete as the time-line for adequate growth before winter passes.
Planting is almost complete.
Planting is also a weeding pass.
Planting is also useful as a screening device and for shade and shelter.
Planting is an act of faith.
Planting is an expression of optimism and belief in the future.
Planting is another pleasant chore for young and old.
Planting is anything but random.
Planting is as earlv as soil can be worked, and harvest is in late summer and early fall.
Planting is best in clay pots that allow the soil to dry out quickly between waterings.
Planting is best in clay pots which allow the soil to dry out quickly between waterings.
Planting is carried out at no cost to residents.
Planting is carried out in wet soil, with each plant being placed directly adjacent to a dripper.
Planting is complete for most crops.
Planting is complete.
Planting is completed on the ridge and usually involves the removal of the top of the ridge.
Planting is completed with sweeps, disk openers, coulters, or row cleaners.
Planting is completed.
Planting is delayed in most years for periods of a few days to about three weeks.
Planting is difficult, cultivating a charm and reaping a magnificent joy.
Planting is discouraged.
Planting is done after the ground has thawed and can be worked properly.
Planting is done by direct seeding or by transplanting seedlings started in a greenhouse.
Planting is done by hand dropping seed.
Planting is done by using young pieces of crown containing good strong buds.
Planting is done in a narrow seedbed or slot made by a planter or drill.
Planting is done in early spring.
Planting is done in fall or spring.
Planting is done in ridges when harvesting is semi-mechanized.
Planting is done in the early spring.
Planting is done in the Spring.
Planting is done on a scheduled basis.
Planting is done on ridges.
Planting is done on the ridge top.
Planting is done simply by poking holes with a stick and dropping in the seed.
Planting is done when the ground can be worked.
Planting is done when the rainy season has started.
Planting is done with a tractor pulled planted that gouges a deep trench in the ground.
Planting is done.
Planting is easier because thorns are small and infrequent.
Planting is easy for the homeowner with undersized nursery stock.
Planting is encouraged to soften the visual appearance of fencing and walls.
Planting is expensive and susceptible to heavy browsing by deer.
Planting is fairly easy work and so can involve local people.
Planting is finished.
Planting is forbidden.
Planting is fun because trees grow apples.
Planting is fun.
Planting is ideally from mid to late spring.
Planting is in full swing and everyone decided to start at the same time.
Planting is informal.
Planting is just the beginning of habitat restoration.
Planting is light but steady.
Planting is light.
Planting is likely to start next spring.
Planting is limited to the spring season.
Planting is lush, flowers abound, and maintenance is often significant.
Planting is meditation.
Planting is mostly steady and winding down in some areas.
Planting is mostly steady but starting to slow seasonally.
Planting is mostly steady with some producers finished.
Planting is mostly steady.
Planting is near the end with young plants in fair to good condition.
Planting is near the end.
Planting is nearly complete.
Planting is next.
Planting is normally the most costly method of regeneration.
Planting is on a regular basis throughout the season.
Planting is on schedule and increasing.
Planting is on schedule in California.
Planting is on schedule.
Planting is only the first step in the process of maintaining a well kept, desirable landscape.
Planting is only the third step of the three 'P's.
Planting is really very basic.
Planting is recommended to be done during monsoon.
Planting is regarded as a safe regeneration method and is always accepted.
Planting is scheduled to end before the new year.
Planting is slow as the season nears the end.
Planting is slow.
Planting is so full of hope that it can never be anything but pleasant.
Planting is steady and light.
Planting is steady for watermelons, cherry and plum tomatoes, and eggplant.
Planting is steady to almost complete in some areas.
Planting is steady with normal development.
Planting is steady with some delays due to rain.
Planting is steady with some growers finished.
Planting is steady with some producers replanting lost acreage.
Planting is steady, complete in some areas.
Planting is steady.
Planting is still active.
Planting is the easy part.
Planting is the same as for bulbs.
Planting is then a simple process of digging a hole larger than the root mass.
Planting is then easy.
Planting is typically in the spring.
Planting is underway for the spring crop.
Planting is underway with the crop rated in good condition.
Planting is unlikely to start before next spring.
Planting is virtually complete.
Planting is well behind on all but good draining land.
Planting is well underway and coarse grains are emerging satisfactorily in the south.
Planting is well underway with no early signs of major problems.
Planting is well underway.
Planting lies never yields a harvest of Real Love.
Planting Make sure that the plants are free of disease and mold.
Planting means time to buy work boots.
Planting nears completion.
Planting now allows the roots a chance to develop before summer heat arrives.
Planting occurs in the spring and fall.
Planting outdoors depends on plant hardiness.
Planting provides biofiltration and encourages infiltration through the root channels.
Planting remains active with condition rated good prior to the storm.
Planting remains active with progress starting to slow seasonally.
Planting remains active with some producers finished.
Planting remains active with young plants making good stands.
Planting remains active.
Planting remains light.
Planting remains slow.
Planting remains steady.
Planting requires dialogue revealing events as they happen.
Planting requires planning, long-term care, and knowledge of trees and their needs.
Planting rows along the contour is preferable to planting up and down a slope.
Planting rows closer than three feet can reduce yield.
Planting See bush bean for details.
Planting takes place in spring and fall.
Planting takes place in the fall and winter.
Planting takes place on communal plots organized by women's clubs.
Planting takes the developed relationship and teaches the student to plant the word of truth.
Planting Use the same procedure for planting bedding plants.
Planting Wait until there is little chance of sub-freezing temperatures before spring planting.
Plantings also exist in Greece and Australia, among other countries.
Plantings also help to reduce competition to young pine from other vegetation.
Plantings also increase curb appeal when it comes time to sell.
Plantings are at a normal pace as indicated in the above chart.
Plantings are extensive in Italy, where the grape is known as pinot bianco.
Plantings are lots of fun for families, individuals and community groups.
Plantings are mature, appropriate and beautiful.
Plantings are slowly underway.
Plantings are so important to the landscape as a whole.
Plantings are underway in the north.
Plantings are underway.
Plantings are usually more attractive.
Plantings are well-managed and fruit quality is high.
Plantings become overgrown and outdated and walkways fall apart.
Plantings can also counteract or emphasize the visual impact of a fence.
Plantings can be as simple or as elaborate as space, inclination, taste and funds permit.
Plantings can produce an almost continual display of blooms in a wide assortment of colors.
Plantings can take place closer to the port lowering final transport costs and maximising profits.
Plantings increase habitat and natural food supplies for birds frequenting residential areas.
Plantings make roadway areas more attractive and pleasant for drivers and pedestrians alike.
Plantings occur twice a year, in the Spring and Fall.
Plantings persist for many years if properly managed.
Plantings resist insects and disease.
Plantings stabilize bank soils and reduce erosion of streambank.
Plantings typically give rise to even-aged stands.
Planting Always try to have items donated - most businesses are more than happy to help out.
Plantings usually take place in the Spring and Fall.
All planting is carried out at no cost to residents.
All planting is done by hand directly into the soil or through black polythene or weed matting.
All planting occurs during winter months when plant materials are dormant.
Many plantings are designed to represent the natural habitats of animals on exhibit.
More planting is slated for next year, too.
More planting is to be done in future years.
Most planting is done in the first rather than in the second rains of the year.
Most planting is done successfully with bareroot seedlings.
Most planting is on schedule.
Most plantings are mature, established plantings or new plantings.
Most plantings are of the astringent cv.
Some plantings are mulched with bagasse.
A plantlet is a plant
Plantlets are new, small plants that grow on the leaf edges of a parent plant.
Plantlets are now ready to be transplanted to larger plastic bags.
Plantlets are tiny plants that grow along the margins of certain leaves.
Plantlets are young or small plants.
Plantlets develop from the bulbils while they are still attached.
Plantlets grow easily if they are separated from the flower stalk when they are rooted.
Plantlets start easily.
Plants cells contain all of the structure of animal cells with the addition of other structures.
Plants cells do contain cell walls.
Plants cells have a functionally unique cortical microtubule array.
Plants food are their main diet.
Plants roots grow downward toward water.
Plants roots suffocate and rot in it.
A plantsman is an expert
Plantsmen find the area of interest and always seem to leave with specimen plants.
Planula isa cnidarian.
Planulas have (part) brains.
Planulas have (part) cell membranes.
Planulas have (part) cells.
Planulas have (part) coelenterons.
Planulas have (part) corpi.
Planulas have (part) cytoplasm.
Planulas have (part) ears.
Planulas have (part) faces.
Planulas have (part) heads.
Planulas have (part) nuclei.
Planulas have (part) plasma membranes.
Planulas have (part) sections.
Planulas have (part) skulls.
Planulas have (part) vacuoles.
Some planulas eat zooplankton.
Some planulas have sides.
Plaque accumulation increases the risk of a stroke or heart attack.
Plaque bacteria produce acids that contribute to tooth decay.
Plaque bacteria use sucrose and carbohydrates from our diet to grow and multiply.
Plaque bacteria use sugar and starch in food as a source of energy.
Plaque boards are available in walnut or vinyl.
Plaque control is a daily project.
Plaque control is mandatory and seems to control gingival inflammation.
Plaque control is very poor with significant soft deposit and some localized hard deposits.
Plaque control using fluoride toothpaste is effective in the prevention of tooth decay.
Plaque deposits can make the arteries stiff and irregular.
Plaque excision creates large, smooth post procedural lumens.
Plaque formation begins as fatty streaks on the inner arterial wall.
Plaque formations are doubly dangerous.
Plaque psoriasis is the most common type of psoriasis.
Plaque psoriasis is the most common.
Plaque psoriasis occurs in men and women and can occur for the first time at any age.
Plaque removal is necessary to prevent cavities and to control gum disease.
Plaque rupture can trigger the formation of a blood clot.
Plaque attaches to membrane protiens and microfilaments of the cytoskeleton.
Plaque causes diseases.
Plaque causes gum diseases.
Plaque causes heart diseases.
Plaque consists of bacteria, food debris, and saliva.
Plaque has (part) sections.
Plaque increases tooth sensitivity.
Plaque inhibits and obstructs the flow of blood and oxygen to the heart.
Plaque is a patch
Plaque is mixture.
Plaque is spots.
Plaque isa decoration.
Plaque isa ornament.
Plaque tends to accumulate near the gums, between the teeth, and in pits and fissures of the teeth.
Plaque turns into tartar.
Plaques accompany each sign and tell their story.
Plaques are another option.
Plaques are available in oak or walnut.
Plaques are available in the shapes shown below unless otherwise indicated.
Plaques are basically unlimited, within reason.
Plaques are clear zones formed in a lawn of cells due to lysis by phage.
Plaques are commonly the first indication of cardiovascular disease.
Plaques are deposits of cholesterol, other fats and substances such as calcium.
Plaques are like pimples.
Plaques are most common on the legs, arms, and chest.
Plaques are patches of fatty tissue that collect in the arteries and damage artery walls.
Plaques are put on to buildings to commemorate their links with important people or events.
Plaques are rare.
Plaques are reddish and silver-scaled, and they often itch.
Plaques are sanded smooth, then the design is drawn and burned in.
Plaques are similar to scars forming on skin after an injury.
Plaques are the perfect gifts to commemorate special occasions.
Plaques are thickened areas of the arterial walls that eventually can block the vessel.
Plaques are thicker, raised lesions.
Plaques are wood with brass or brushed aluminum.
Plaques arrive fully assembled and gift-boxed, with complete mounting instructions.
Plaques bearing the names of alumni donors line the hallway from the house to the addition.
Plaques can affect both large and medium sized arteries.
Plaques can also rupture, causing debris to migrate downstream within an artery.
Plaques can also vary in size and severity, and also in their potential to heal.
Plaques can appear anywhere in the central nervous system that has white matter.
Plaques can be color highlighted with colors other than brown or black upon request.
Plaques can be of walnut, simulated walnut or glass mirror.
Plaques can be wall mounted, or displayed on the optional brass stand.
Plaques can build up in the arteries.
Plaques change with time, gathering cholesterol and fat, finally becoming atheromas.
Plaques come complete with engraving, artwork and underlay.
Plaques come complete with required engraving and one color printing on white aluminum.
Plaques come in a variety of beautiful printed borders and colorful brass engraved plates.
Plaques come in various sizes and shapes.
Plaques come ready to assemble, with a certificate of appreciation.
Plaques credit the deeds to Nazis and their local henchmen .
Plaques describe the history behind each neon sign.
Plaques describe the history behind each sign.
Plaques form in the brain and cause dementia.
Plaques form when the protective myelin sheath is destroyed, a process called demyelination.
Plaques go into the bag at the beginning of the meeting for attendance.
Plaques go into the bag at the end of the meeting for attendance.
Plaques go three deep to teams in each age bracket.
Plaques Here are a few of the plaques styles available.
Plaques honoring each of the war dead, including four women, lie underneath the trees.
Plaques indicate names of donors.
Plaques is a poison that kills nerve cells.
Plaques make a nice gift for speakers and honorees.
Plaques memorialize the names of each and every man who was killed.
Plaques mostly contain protein fragments called beta-amyloid peptide.
Plaques note the site on Richmond's flood wall.
Plaques provide information about our rich history to residents and visitors as they walk in Salem.
Plaques smooth over and shrink, allowing more blood to pass.
Plaques work very well for recognition and accomplishment.
All plaques allow for either vertical or horizonal display.
All plaques come with required hardware for hanging.
Every plaque is produced on a white background and in full color.
Every plaque is unique and painted to our customers requirements.
Most plaque causes diseases.
Most plaque causes heart diseases.
Some plaque consists of cell debris.
Some plaque consists of debris.
Some plaque has edges.
Some plaques grow very slowly and gradually cause the artery to become more narrow.
Plasma activity is then uniform across the electrode surface.
Plasma albumin is essential for collagen- induced platelet aggregation.
Plasma ball is now orange, cooler looking.
Plasma balls are glass balls that contain neon gas.
Plasma balls are just little versions of tesla coils.
A plasma cell is a lymphocyte
Plasma cells are a critical part of the body's immune system.
Plasma cells are a group of white blood cells produced by the body to fight infection.
Plasma cells are a kind of white blood cell.
Plasma cells are a type of white blood cell that produces and secretes antigen-specific antibodies.
Plasma cells are frequent in the ct.
Plasma cells are highly efficient producers of antibodies.
Plasma cells are important to the immune system because they produce antibodies.
Plasma cells are involved in the synthesis and secretion of circulating antibodies.
Plasma cells are lymphocytes.
Plasma cells are one form of the white blood cells that the body manufactures to fight infection.
Plasma cells are present, however, and the levels of immunoglobulins are normal.
Plasma cells are prominent at and beneath the dermoepidermal junction.
Plasma cells are responsible for helping the body fight infection.
Plasma cells are responsible for production of immunoglobulins.
Plasma cells are specialized cells that produce high levels of serum antibody.
Plasma cells are the cells responsible for forming antibodies against bacteria and foreign proteins.
Plasma cells are the cells that actually produce and secret the antibodies.
Plasma cells are the mature, fully differentiated forms of B lymphocytes that produce antibodies.
Plasma cells are then able to secrete antibodies specific to the antigen.
Plasma cells are very numerous in muco-cutaneous junctions eg lips, feet, perineum. . .
Plasma cells are white blood cells that produce antibodies to fight infections.
Plasma cells create the antibody as directed.
Plasma cells die after about two days, but memory B cells live for decades.
Plasma cells migrate to the medulla.
Plasma cells predominate the immune infiltrates.
Plasma cells produce antibodies , substances that help the body fight infection.
Plasma cells produce antibodies that destroy the invading cell.
Plasma cells produce antibodies to help fight infection and disease.
Plasma cells produce antibodies, substances that help the body fight infection.
Plasma cells produce antibodies.
Plasma cells produce proteins that help protect the body from infection.
Plasma cells produce special proteins known as antibodies or immunoglobulins.
Plasma cells secrete large amounts of highly specific antibody.
Plasma cells secrete large amounts of the antigen-specific antibody.
Plasma cells secrete large quantities of antibodies which recognize and neutralize the antigen.
Plasma cells specialize in mass production of antibodies.
Plasma cells use their machinery to produce antibodies.
Every plasma cell is essentially a factory for producing a unique antibody.
Every plasma cell is essentially a factory for producing antibodies.
Every plasma cell is essentially a factory for producing antibody.
Plasma cholesterol continues to be of concern for many people in the United States today.
Plasma cholesterol is lowered by estrogens which are protective against atherosclerotic disease .
Plasma concentrations are linearly related to the administered dose.
Plasma concentrations correlate with effect in both young and elderly patients.
Plasma concentrations decline in a biphasic manner.
Plasma concentrations decline in a multiexponential fashion.
Plasma confinement is a fundamental requirement for obtaining net energy from a fusion plasma.
Plasma controls are out of specifications.
Plasma cutter is used to cut sled dog shape out of the stainless steel sheet.
Plasma damage can result if strong DC magnetic fields are employed.
Plasma displays are also tricky to manufacture, and require complicated electronics.
Plasma displays can be large, but they are hard to see in a well-lit room.
Many plasma displays suffer from insufficient peak brightness in dark scenes.
Plasma donors can sell or provide plasma several times a week.
Plasma dynamics is much richer than ordinary gas dynamics.
Plasma energy is considered by many leading physicists to be the fourth state of matter.
Plasma energy is dissipated as the bolt travels, limiting range as the energy becomes incoherent.
Plasma exchange can lower viscosity in hours, whereas most chemotherapy requires days.
Plasma exchange is accomplished with a medical device called a blood cell separator.
Plasma exchange produces short-term clinical improvement.
Plasma fibrinogen is required.
Plasma gases are normally argon.
Plasma globes involve discharges through a low-pressure inert gas such as argon, neon, or helium.
Plasma glucose is maintained by glycogenolysis .
Plasma lemma is a very thin, delicate and elastic cell membrane of amoeba.
Plasma levels achieved are highly variable after oral administration.
Plasma levels are most useful when using haloperidol, which has only one active metabolite.
Plasma levels are only of borderline significance.
Plasma levels fall by about a half within three to four hours.
Plasma levels following inhalation are significantly lower than after a comparable IV dose.
Plasma levels vary widely within anatomical site of nerve block or infiltration.
Plasma lipids are usually normal.
Plasma lipids consist party of cholesterol and triglycerides.
Plasma lipoproteins promote the release of bacterial lipopolysaccharides from monocytes.
A plasma membrane is a semipermeable membrane
Plasma membrane contains mannose-rich glycoprotein and a lipoglycan.
Plasma membrane has photo machinery.
Plasma membrane is only a minor membrane in most euk.
Plasma membrane is phospholipid bilayer in which protein molecules are partially or wholly embedded.
Plasma membrane is the cell membrane surrounding cytoplasm.
Plasma membrane starts to grow in from both sides - meets in the middle and connects.
Plasma membrane surrounds the virus and an endosomal vesicle forms.
Plasma membranes appear discontinuous when viewed with an electron microscope .
Plasma membranes are selectively permeable.
Plasma membranes are very small .
Plasma membranes are very small.
Plasma membranes form barriers.
Plasma membranes have nearly one cholesterol per phospholipid molecule.
Plasma membranes require energy.
Most plasma membranes require energy.
Some plasma membranes fill with cytoplasm.
Plasma molecules are smaller than the blood cells.
Plasma molybdenum reflects dietary molybdenum intake.
Plasma nonuniformities can lead to surface charging of wafers.
Plasma operations is in another division of biomedical services.
Plasma oxytocin increases in the human sexual response.
Plasma packs are explosive charges.
Plasma parameters control.
Plasma phosphate has no direct effect on parathyroid hormone secretion.
Plasma physics are physics.
Plasma physics are studyings.
Plasma physicists do it with everything stripped off.
Plasma physicists know that the performance of a fusion reactor depends on the plasma shape.
A plasma physics is a physics
Plasma physics is an important branch of modern science.
Plasma physics is at the root of understanding the ionosphere and magnetosphere.
Plasma physics is one of the larger fields in physics.
Plasma physics is the basis of solar-terrestrial physics.
Plasma physics is the study of high-energy subatomic particles that occur naturally in space.
Plasma physics reports.
Plasma physics utilizes classical mechanics, electromagnetic theory and statistical physics.
Plasma polymerization provides pinhole-free films that adhere tenaciously to the substrate.
Plasma potential is to be found from quasineutrality condition .
Plasma progesterone remains at low levels even if secondary sexual characteristics have appeared.
A plasma protein is a protein
Plasma proteins are essential for all living beings.
Plasma proteins are made mostly by the liver .
Plasma proteins are made mostly by the liver.
Plasma proteins are proteins.
Plasma proteins circulate in the body while other proteins are somewhat stationary.
Plasma proteins have functions.
Many plasma proteins can interact with drugs.
Most plasma proteins have functions.
Some plasma proteins are synthesized in livers.
Some plasma proteins carry charge.
Some plasma proteins carry negative charge.
Plasma replacement is given to pregnant women to prevent spontaneous abortions.
Plasma research is a fairly new field of science.
Plasma research is on the verge of breakthroughs in controlled thermonuclear fusion.
Plasma science is particularly rich in the area of non-equilibrium and nonlinear processes.
Plasma screens are also a lot like LCD screens in clarity and flicker-free viewing.
Plasma screens are cool, but very expensive and very short-lived.
Plasma separation is maximized for the highest plasma yield.
Plasma sodium represents the balance of water intake and water excretion.
Plasma spray produces high-performance coatings that deliver workhorse durability and reliability.
Plasma technology allows viewing without distortion and displays bright and accurate colors.
Plasma technology enables uniform distortion free viewing and bright accurate colour.
Plasma technology enables uniform, distortion free viewing and bright, accurate color.
Plasma technology is important in Ireland and is likely be more important in future.
Plasma technology works like fluorescent or neon lighting.
Plasma television is available, but pricey.
Plasma throwers are expensive, but they rip through enemy shields effortlessly.
Plasma TVs are ready for the future.
Plasma TVs offer wide-screen viewing, up to five feet across.
Plasma values tend to become lower as metabolic demands decrease, as with age.
Plasma viscosity increases in the acute phase reaction.
Plasma viscosity is a major risk factor for cardiovascular disease.
Plasma volume is reduced amongst women with pre-eclampsia.
Plasma waves can propagate from one point in the plasma to another without net motion of the plasma.
Plasma weapons act like a combination of fire and lightning.
Plasma acts in some ways just like a gas.
Plasma androgens in women with acne vulgaris.
Plasma begins to dominate Earth's environment in the ionosphere .
Plasma behaves a lot like a gas, but it has different properties.
Plasma burn control and operational dynamics.
Plasma carries most of the carbon dioxide as bicarbonate ions.
Plasma carries nutrients to the tissues and delivers waste to the kidneys for excretion.
Plasma carries other clotting factors and helps treat coagulation disorders.
Plasma carries our digested food to the cells in our body to be utilised as energy.
Plasma carries oxygen to and from cells.
Plasma carries oxygen.
Plasma carries the blood cells on their journey through the body.
Plasma carries the blood cells throughout the body and contains proteins, vitamins, and minerals.
Plasma cathodes as electron emission sources for microwave devices.
Plasma consists mainly of water, in which numerous natural chemical compounds are dissolved.
Plasma consists of a collection of free moving electrons and ions - atoms that have lost electrons.
Plasma consists of highly charged particles with extremely high kinetic energy.
Plasma consists of hot ionized atoms and is influenced by magnetic fields.
Plasma consists predominantly of water and salts.
Plasma constitutes greater than one-half of the blood volume and is largely made up of water.
Plasma containing timolol and the internal standard metoprolol is extracted with ethyl acetate.
Plasma contains a variety of important substances, some of which also help to prevent bleeding.
Plasma contains a variety of inorganic and organic substances dissolved in water.
Plasma contains almost equal numbers of free electrons and positive ions.
Plasma contains fibrinogen.
Plasma contains ions and electrons that can move around freely.
Plasma contains ions and electrons, both of which can move around freely.
Plasma contains many clotting proteins.
Plasma contains many specialized proteins such as serum albumin, the globulins, and fibrinogen.
Plasma contains nutrients, wastes, salts, proteins, etc.
Plasma contains particles.
Plasma contains proteins.
Plasma contains substances.
Plasma contains the clotting factors.
Plasma contains the substance called plasminogen.
Plasma contains various substances dissolved in the fluid.
Plasma dissolves carbon dioxide.
Plasma dissolves dioxide.
Plasma distributes the substances it contains as it circulates throughout the body.
Plasma does more damage to a heavy.
Plasma enters kidneys.
Plasma estrogens in periparturient beef cows.
Plasma exists in and around the stars, including the sun, and throughout interstellar space.
Plasma exists inside stars and in interstellar gases.
Plasma exists only under drastic conditions.
Plasma flows through capillaries.
Plasma glows blue from the energy received from the sun.
Plasma has energy.
Plasma has indexes.
Plasma has properties.
Plasma has refractive indexes.
Plasma helps burn victims, patients with severe liver disease and clotting deficiencies.
Plasma helps burn victims, trauma victims, and even hemophiliacs.
Plasma includes primarily water plus buffering proteins and salt.
Plasma is blood plasma.
Plasma is by far the most common form of matter known.
Plasma is display technology.
Plasma is gases.
Plasma is humour
Plasma is in short supply in many countries.
Plasma is liquids.
Plasma is located in blood.
Plasma is more common in stars, because making plasma requires high temperatures.
Plasma is suspensions.
Plasma Is the liquid portion of the blood.
Plasma is unacceptable.
Plasma isa substance.
Plasma lactate accumulation and distance running performance .
Plasma lactate accumulation and distance running performance.
Plasma monitor and rack with demodulation equipment at Mackenzie's lab.
Plasma occurs commonly in nature.
Plasma offers effective cleaning for wire-bonding improvement in electronic packaging.
Plasma passes through long tubes.
Plasma passes through tubes.
Plasma remains on top of the packed red cells.
Plasma saves lives, earn cash .
Plasma spray technology creates a rough surfaced, fiber containing plasma spray foil.
Plasma spray using SBIR-developed plasma spray gun nozzle.
Plasma takes the form which is the most suitable for it.
Plasma works like active matrix, except that a layer of gas sits between two glass pieces.
All plasmas are in low mode confinement.
Many plasmas are optically thick.
Most plasma carries oxygen.
Most plasma contains particles.
Most plasma contains proteins.
Most plasma contains substances.
Most plasma flows through capillaries.
Most plasma has energy.
Most plasma has indexes.
Most plasma has properties.
Most plasma has refractive indexes.
Most plasma passes through long tubes.
Most plasma passes through tubes.
Some plasma carries current.
Some plasma carries electric current.
Some plasma carries electrical current.
Some plasma carries elements.
Some plasma consists of particles.
Some plasma contains antibodies.
Some plasma contains dust.
Some plasma contains viruses.
Some plasma contains water.
Some plasma has definite shapes.
Some plasma has low resistance.
Some plasma has refraction.
Some plasma has resistance.
Some plasma has shapes.
Some plasma passes into tissue.
Some plasma passes through kidneys.
Some plasmas are invisible.
Some plasmas are so hot that they can burn virtually any material.
A plasmacytoma is a tumor
Plasmacytomas are generally benign.
A plasmapheresis is pheresis
Plasmapheresis is a blood plasma exchange process.
Plasmapheresis is a blood-filtering procedure that is used to dramatically reduce triglycerides.
Plasmapheresis is a procedure that removes a large amount of abnormal protein from the blood.
Plasmapheresis is a treatment that is commonly used.
Plasmapheresis is also very helpful when there are acute exacerbations.
Plasmapheresis is considered a steroid-sparing treatment.
Plasmapheresis is performed at many major medical centers across the country.
Plasmapheresis is performed four times in the week prior to transplant.
Plasmapheresis is the drawing off of plasma.
Plasmapheresis is the primary means of acute therapy.
Plasmapheresis is the recommended treatment.
Plasmapheresis is the treatment of choice for hyperviscosity syndrome.
Plasmapheresis is used to remove excess antibodies produced by the myeloma cells.
Plasmapheresis removes antibodies from the circulation, producing short-term clinical improvements.
Plasmapheresis removes the fluid part of the blood, the plasma, from blood cells.
Plasmapheresis theoretically removes unwanted humoral and cellular elements.
Plasmapheresis works quickly to increase strength.
Plasmapheresises are apheresis.
Plasmaspheric ions are adjacent to the magnetosheath ions.
Plasmid preps require many hours for cell growth and a laborious purification of mini-prep plasmids.
Plasmid has (part) sections.
Plasmid is an inclusion body
Plasmid is inclusion bodies.
Plasmid isa object.
Plasmid template purification procedures.
Plasmids act like molecular taxicabs that carry genes from one place to another.
Plasmids are a. single-stranded linear DNA molecules.
Plasmids are additional small DNA molecules typical for bacteria.
Plasmids are also circular.
Plasmids are also important as the basis of gene cloning in biotechnology.
Plasmids are also safer and cheaper than other vehicles for gene delivery, such as viruses.
Plasmids are also very useful vehicles for genetic engineering.
Plasmids are an example.
Plasmids are circles of DNA that are found inside bacterial cells.
Plasmids are circular double-stranded DNAs.
Plasmids are circular pieces of DNA that exist separately from the main chromosomes.
Plasmids are circular strands of DNA present in many bacteria.
Plasmids are DNA molecules that exist separately from the chromosome of the cell.
Plasmids are easier to propagate and store than phages.
Plasmids are extrachromosomal DNA elements.
Plasmids are found in prokaryotes and yeast.
Plasmids are important because they are used in genetic engineering.
Plasmids are important.
Plasmids are in genbank text format and sequences are in text format.
Plasmids are inherited.
Plasmids are self-replicating in a manner like the bacterial chromosome.
Plasmids are separate from the bacterial chromosome but still multiply during cell growth.
Plasmids are short circular bits of DNA found naturally in bacterial cells.
Plasmids are simply round pieces of genetic material independent of an organism's chromosomes.
Plasmids are small circular double stranded, extrachromosomal DNA molecules.
Plasmids are small loops of DNA found in the cytoplasm of bacteria.
Plasmids are small pieces of DNA which exist outside major chromosomes.
Plasmids are small, circular DNA molecules that can exist independently of the host chromosome.
Plasmids are small, circular pieces of DNA lying outside the main bacterial chromosome.
Plasmids are small, circular, extra chromosomal loops of DNA that contain a few non-essentail genes.
Plasmids are small, extrachromosomal DNA circles.
Plasmids are stable up to one year when properly stored.
Plasmids are the most common type of vector.
Plasmids are the most-commonly used bacterial cloning vectors.
Plasmids are the principle tool for inserting new genetic information into microbes or plants.
Plasmids can also possess information for any protein sequence.
Plasmids can be tools for inserting new genetic information into micro-organisms or plants.
Plasmids can multiply autonomously within the cell.
Plasmids consist of DNA and some have interesting functions.
Plasmids contain multiple cloning sites that are sequences recognized by restriction endonucleases.
Plasmids contain only a few genes and they can be exchanged between individual bacteria.
Plasmids Describe the concept of an episome.
Plasmids enter the bacterial cell with relative ease.
Plasmids enters the bacteria in a process called transfection.
Plasmids have the ability to replicate independently within a host.
Plasmids occur in bacteria, yeast, and certain more complex cell types.
Plasmids replicate by a similar process.
Plasmids replicate in the bacteria.
Plasmids replicate independently of the genomic DNA of the bacteria.
Plasmids serve as carriers of genetic information.
Plasmids frequently carry genes for antibiotic resistance.
Plasmids often contain antibiotic resistance genes.
Plasmids often contain genes for antibiotic resistance.
Plasmids usually carry one or a few genes.
All plasmids fall into only one of the many existing incompatibility groups.
All plasmids regulate the copy number using a similar mechanism.
Many plasmids are commercially available for such uses.
Many plasmids can insert into the DNA of the nucleus, and detach from it.
Most plasmids are also carriers of antibiotic resistance genes.
Most plasmids confer antibiotic resistance.
Some plasmids actually provoke conjugation.
Some plasmids are capable of integrating into the host chromosome .
Some plasmids are capable of integrating into the host genome.
Some plasmids are episomes.
Some plasmids can transfer from cell to cell by a mechanism called conjugation.
Some plasmids carry genes for antibiotic resistance or form toxins.
Some plasmids carry genes which facilitate their transfer from one cell to another.
Some plasmids confer the ability to degrade organic compounds and to fix nitrogen.
A plasmin is an enzyme
Plasmin accelerates platelet-dependent prothrombinase assembly without activating the platelets.
Plasmin activates platelets at low doses and inhibits platelets at high doses.
Plasmin binds to and degrades several components of the extracellular matrix.
Plasmin cleaves fibrinogen and a series of other proteins involved in coagulation.
Plasmins are enzymes.
Plasmins are proteins.
A plasminogen activator is a protease
Plasminogen activators are the proteins that turn on the fibrinolytic system.
Plasmodium infection causes acute illnesses.
Plasmodium infection causes illnesses.
Plasmodium parasites have life.
Plasmodium parasites infect hosts.
Most plasmodium parasites have life.
Most plasmodium parasites infect hosts.
Plasmodium species cause malaria.
A plasmodium is a sporozoan
Plasmodia can move along the forest floor, on to dead leaves that are bathed in sunlight.
Plasmodium also offers grammar and writing help for students.
Plasmodium can affect a human population in many ways.
Plasmodium causes malaria.
Plasmodium completes sexual reproduction in female mosquitoes of the genus Anopheles.
Plasmodium gets into people via the saliva of a biting mosquito.
Plasmodium is a protozoan that causes malaria, a serious, sometimes fatal, disease.
Plasmodium is a protozoan transmitted by mosquitoes that is responsible for malaria.
Plasmodium is a single celled protoctistan.
Plasmodium is the genus of the organism that causes malaria.
Plasmodium is transferred to humans to mosquitos.
Plasmodium is transmitted to the mosquito from vertebrate hosts as gametocytes.
Plasmodium is undoubtedly the most familiar sporozoan genus.
Plasmodium isa cytoplasm.
Plasmodium produces one or more sporangia where meiosis takes place.
Plasmodium vivax clinically resistant to chloroquine in Colombia.
Plasmodiums are cytoplasm.
Plasmodiums are protozoans.
Plasmodiums are species.
Plasmodiums have (part) corpi.
Plasmodiums have (part) cytoskeletons.
Plasmodiums move across the surface on which they form in order to obtain nutrients.
Some plasmodiums cause diseases.
Some plasmodiums cause malaria.
Some plasmodiums have impact.
Some plasmodiums infect mosquitoes.
A plaster cast is a bandage
Plaster casts are a burden for the patient because of their bulky and heavy material.
Plaster casts weaken the joints above and below the fracture causing prolonged stiffness.
Plaster moldings decorate the twenty foot high ceilings and column heads.
Plaster can itself be slush cast.
Plaster casts or photographs of footprints, handprints, kneeprints, etc.
Plaster casts, Surgical.
Plaster cherubs chaperone the diners throughout the establishment.
Plaster contains lime and the acid attacks the lime.
Plaster cracks on a mixed brick masonry corner building.
Plaster crumbles from the steel-enforced walls and ceilings.
Plaster expands while hardening, then contracts slightly just before hardening completely.
Plaster explodes into shards and dust.
Plaster face castings in the art show.
Plaster falls and chimneys damaged.
Plaster hangs in some places, and flakes of it fall onto pews in the upper church.
Plaster has (part) sections.
Plaster has effects.
Plaster has to be used in the excavation.
Plaster has to be wet to be ductile, spreadable enough to use.
Plaster is a covering material
Plaster is a different experience.
Plaster is a difficult material to hang stuff on.
Plaster is a difficult surface for adhesives to stick to.
Plaster is a journalist and writer for publications around the world.
Plaster is a matrix to which reinforcement materials can be added to form a composite.
Plaster is a more unique skilled trade.
Plaster is added to the mold at sites where pressure relief is needed.
Plaster is adhesive tape.
Plaster is also on hand for mold-making and casting.
Plaster is an absorbent material and holds excess water.
Plaster is applied to cover the wax position.
Plaster is applied with the bare hands and the wash by means of a fleece mitten.
Plaster is applied.
Plaster is as old as civilization.
Plaster is capable of being recycled and is non-toxic unlike wood or plastic.
Plaster is covering materials.
Plaster is especially useful in forming irregular shapes.
Plaster is inexpensive and easy to use, but can be fragile.
Plaster is less expensive than fiberglass and for some uses shapes better than fiberglass.
Plaster is mixed by sifting the powder into water.
Plaster is mixture
Plaster is mixture.
Plaster is more fire resistant than drywall.
Plaster is much harder than drywall.
Plaster is much stronger if burlap is dipped in it and then wrapped around the bone.
Plaster is one of the most common and accessible materials available for art.
Plaster is poured into and shaped in various-sized containers or terrariums.
Plaster is poured over the sculpture creating a negative mold of the face.
Plaster is present on all the walls.
Plaster is proven material.
Plaster is solid objects.
Plaster is superior to fiberglass, and a poorly constructed cast has greatly diminished appeal.
Plaster is surfaces.
Plaster is the most common material used to make the mold.
Plaster is the traditional cast material.
Plaster is then mixed and poured into the mold, which is held in sand or a holding fixture.
Plaster is used because it is pliable and economical.
Plaster is very delicate and sensitive to the amount of water it receives through the brush.
Plaster is very light and fragile to transport.
Plaster isa artifact.
Plaster isa mixture.
Plaster Learn how to match textures in plaster.
Plaster lies upon the floor.
Plaster s really hard to work with.
Plaster skimming is again a difficult art to master.
Plaster statues, bricks, mud.
Plaster tends to create a much more echoey sound than drywall.
Plaster unusually slow in setting.
Plasters allow more herbal ingredients to be absorbed through the skin.
Most plaster has effects.
Some plaster absorbs water.
Some plaster contains acid.
Some plaster contains herbs.
Some plaster remains, holding examples of the paint it bore over the building s long history.
Plasterboard is a dry wall
Some plasterboards have an integral vapour check.
A plasterer is a skilled worker
Plasterer isa worker.
Plasterer stands in deep shadow, barely visible behind the machine.
Plasterers account for many of the citations, but companies using mobile scaffolds are gaining fast.
Plasterers also work with a plaster material that can be finished in a single coat.
Plasterers are skilled workers.
Plasterers are subject to seasonal work stoppages, which are common to most construction workers.
Plasterers coat interior and exterior walls with plaster.
Plasterers create decorative interior surfaces as well.
Plasterers create decorative interior surfaces.
Plasterers have (part) arms.
Plasterers have (part) body substances.
Plasterers have (part) cell membranes.
Plasterers have (part) cells.
Plasterers have (part) corpi.
Plasterers have (part) cytoplasm.
Plasterers have (part) heads.
Plasterers have (part) human bodies.
Plasterers have (part) legs.
Plasterers have (part) material bodies.
Plasterers have (part) necks.
Plasterers have (part) nuclei.
Plasterers have (part) personality.
Plasterers have (part) plasma membranes.
Plasterers have (part) sections.
Plasterers have (part) vacuoles.
Plasterers perform all aspects of plastering work, including hawk and trowel work.
Plasterers use a t-bar to screed the walls until it is plumb straight and square.
Plasterers often pick a corner or a rafter on which to write their initials when they are working.
Many plasterers are members of unions.
Most plasterers feel that the uneveness of split lath gives a better key.
Most plasterers have their own preference for the size of the trowel they use.
Most plasterers work for independent contractors.
Plastering is applications.
Plastic action figures with two seperate sets of diecast armor. .
Most plastic aquaria fill with water.
Plastic aquaria fill with water.
Plastic art is art
Plastic arts are very sophisticated and quite accessible.
A plastic bag is a bag
Plastic bag is high compliance but poor measurement.
Plastic bags are a kitty delicacy.
Plastic bags are a suffocation hazard.
Plastic bags are a symbol of pollution and waste in our country.
Plastic bags are about the best way of avoiding such problems.
Plastic bags are acceptable if specimens are double bagged.
Plastic bags are acceptable.
Plastic bags are also a thing of the past.
Plastic bags are also acceptable.
Plastic bags are also nice to have.
Plastic bags are as dangerous for cats as they are for small children.
Plastic bags are available free at the office.
Plastic bags are available in the produce and meat sections.
Plastic bags are available to donate good used clothing.
Plastic bags are available to protect the photos from damage.
Plastic bags are bags.
Plastic bags are good around the holiday season.
Plastic bags are great for short-term storage of materials from the cleaners.
Plastic bags are handy.
Plastic bags are ideal for use in mailing most plant samples, as they prevent drying.
Plastic bags are important.
Plastic bags are most dangerous to children under one year old.
Plastic bags are plastic films.
Plastic bags are recyclable and they are reusable.
Plastic bags are sacks.
Plastic bags are silent, odourless, and easily handled.
Plastic bags are the backpacker's best friend.
Plastic bags are the leading external cause of marine engine damage in Massachusetts.
Plastic bags are the most efficient and sanitary method of rubbish containment today.
Plastic bags are the worst.
Plastic bags are unstable.
Plastic bags become pet waste bags.
Plastic bags can also be quite scary to other horses.
Plastic bags can cause suffocation.
Plastic bags can mark leather.
Plastic bags can seem like a source of fun to baby.
Plastic bags can strangle turtles.
Plastic bags cause mushrooms to sweat and disintegrate.
Plastic bags conserve resources in their manufacture, use and disposal.
Plastic bags cost about four cents each.
Plastic bags degrade and destroy evidence.
Plastic bags design for freezer storage.
Plastic bags design for storage.
Plastic bags end up choking our landfills, eventually breaking down into tiny toxic bits.
Plastic bags have few holes.
Plastic bags have few small holes.
Plastic bags have holes.
Plastic bags have small holes.
Plastic bags Keep plastic bags away from children.
Plastic bags keep snow off everything.
Plastic bags placed over shoes are a great aid in getting boots on and off more easily.
Plastic bags protect the bananas from weathering.
Plastic bags start out as either oil or natural gas.
Most plastic bags have few holes.
Most plastic bags have few small holes.
Most plastic bags have holes.
Most plastic bags have small holes.
Most plastic bags take a very long time to break down, or rot.
Some plastic bags contain orange.
Some plastic bags fill with ice.
Some plastic bags fill with meat.
Some plastic bags fill with straw.
Some plastic bags hold beans.
Some plastic bags hold jelly beans.
Some plastic bags hold specimens.
Some plastic bags resemble jellyfish.
Plastic baggies seal in condensation leading to possible mold and mildew damage .
Plastic ball caps protect floor surface.
Plastic ball ends can never come close.
Plastic barrels make great planters for miniature fruit trees and other vegetables and ornamentals.
Plastic barrels work very well.
Plastic base is alot easier that metal.
Plastic base snaps apart for easy cleaning.
Plastic baskets are also available with planting holes in the sides.
Plastic baskets are great catch-alls for small items.
Plastic batteries have some drawbacks.
Plastic beads are located in containers.
Plastic beads embedded at the site of a developing limb bud can have the same effect.
Plastic beads keep the lenses from touching each other.
Most plastic beads are rough and many have sharp edges.
Plastic benches are to be used to keep tall crops off of the floor.
Plastic bill keeps shape when wet.
Plastic bins are light and easy to move.
Plastic bins require more drainage than wooden ones because they are non-absorbent.
Plastic birds are available in standard, midi, mini and rabbit and are reusable.
Plastic bits are now available.
Plastic blade is stocked in a variety of sizes to suit most applications.
Plastic boards appear to be a major use of mixed plastics.
Plastic boards are easier to clean and sanitize.
Plastic boards are easier to clean.
Plastic boards are easier to sanitize.
Plastic boat results pending.
Plastic boats are heavier and also tend to scratch.
Plastic boats are the most functional choice in our area due to the rocky conditions.
Plastic body is dent and scratch resistant.
Plastic bolts hold on the bottom wing.
Plastic bones are available as dissectable or as dissected bones.
Plastic boots are better for winter or steep ice routes.
Plastic boots are heavier, thicker, stronger, and less pliable than they used to be.
Plastic boots are out, though.
Plastic boots can hold their value quite well.
Plastic boots can offer several advantages over leather.
Plastic bottles are bottles.
Plastic bottles are plastic containers.
Plastic bottles are the fastest growing type of bottle and can waste.
Plastic bottles become funnels and scoops for the sandbox., bathtub, garden and beach.
Plastic bottles can be a problem.
Plastic bottles can leach chemicals into the water it contains.
Plastic bottles contain plasticizers that contaminate the sample.
Plastic bottles fill with salt water.
Plastic bottles fill with water.
Plastic bottles keep beer colder longer than aluminum cans.
Plastic bottles make excellent boot trees and miniature greenhouses.
Plastic bottles make good toilet tank inserts.
